 
 
 
 
RL/SE/25-26/22 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Investor meet Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the investor and analyst meet held on May 13, 2025, to discuss 
the strategy and prospects of Engineering, Automotive and Aerospace businesses. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Rakesh 
Muljibhai 
Darji
Digitally signed 
by Rakesh 
Muljibhai Darji 
Date: 2025.05.20 
23:13:21 +05'30'

1 
 
 
Raymond Limited 
“Investor and Analyst Meet - Transcript” 
May 13, 2025 at 5:30 pm 
 
Management:  Mr. Gautam Hari Singhania – Chairman – Raymond Group 
Mr. Gautam Maini – Managing Director – Engineering Business 
Mr. Amit Agarwal – Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Jatin Khanna – Head Corporate Development 
Mr. Harmohan Sahni – Executive Director & CEO – Real Estate 
Mr. Sunny Desa – Head - Investor Relations 
 
Jatin Khanna: Good evening, everyone. Thank you for coming for the Investor and analyst meet of 
Raymond Limited. We will start in another 15 min because chairman is running a bit late. So please 
bear with us apologies for this. We'll start in another 15 min. Max. Thank you. 
Jatin Khanna: Gentlemen, I request you all to settle down. Our group chairman, Mr. Gautam Hari 
Singhania, is already here. So, I request you all to settle down so that we can start very quickly. Please 
settle down. I request everyone to please take seat. Take their seats. We will start very soon. Our 
chairman is already here. 
So, I welcome our chairman, Mr. Gautam Hari Singhania, Welcome sir, thank you so much for coming, 
for our investor and analyst meet. It's a very fateful day, because we are looking forward to listing of 
our engineering business, ex real estate tomorrow through Raymond Limited. 
We also have the pleasure of having Gautam Maini, who is the managing director of the engineering 
business. Welcome, Gautam. 
We have Amit Agarwal, who's a group CFO and Harmohan Sahni also, who's from a real estate 
business, because that's the business which has now got demerged. So, on that note I'll hand over to 
Mr. Singhania to give some opening remarks and then, you know, we can start with the detailed 
business overview, over to you, sir. 
Raymond Chairman: Thank you, Jatin. Well, good evening, everybody, and thank you for coming. I 
think it's a momentous day for Raymond. I'm just going to speak a little bit about the past, the present, 
and the future, so that everybody, a lot of people new faces here. So, you get a bit of an idea. As most 
of you know. Raymond started in 1925 as a textile company, and over the last 10 decades, exactly 
because this year Raymond will be a hundred-year-old company. I think the 18th company in India 
that will be a hundred years old, and tomorrow, being a historic day, we are going to demerge the real 
estate business from the engineering business. We've seen lots of ups. We've seen lots of downs, and 
post-covid when we were right at the bottom, decided that we're going to do a lot of corporate actions 
and one of them being creating 3 separate listed companies for 3 separate businesses. Primarily 
lifestyle, real estate and engineering & auto. As per our commitment. We also committed that in 2025 

2 
 
we'll be debt-free, which we accomplished in 2023, and we successfully entered the real estate 
business, we got the lifestyle business demerged last year, which also got listed. We then immediately 
said that we will do the real estate demerger, which is happening now, and tomorrow is the record 
date. So, tomorrow Raymond will go ex - real estate and in about 45 days we expect the real estate 
business to list. 
My objective of creating 3 separate companies would have 3 different sets of investors, people like 
real estate people like lifestyle people like engineering auto. 
You have a different set of investors. You have a different set of governance. You have the best-in-
class governance on the engineering. We've got people qualified from the engineering field to come 
onto the board to add significant value, on the lifestyle. We've got people from the branded apparel 
space, branding space that will create value.  On the real estate, we're going to bring directors from 
private equity and real estate space to create value. But just to give you a little bit of background on 
the engineering business which is going to list tomorrow. Raymond started off in the engineering files 
business, which was about 50 to 60 years ago, where we made engineering files for the automotive 
and agriculture industry. It was a small business, and in 2000, when we sold cement, steel and 
filament. People said that why did we not sell this business. Yes, we did think of selling it then. But the 
clear answer was, we didn't have a buyer at that time, somewhere down the line, we decided to grow 
the business, and we bought ring plus aqua, which was an auto component business. And then, about 
2 years ago, Mr. Maini and I came into contact, and we saw a great opportunity to merge Maini 
precision engineering into our engineering business. 
What we had was the lower end, which was the files business. Then we bought the auto component 
business which today the ring gear business is about 10% global market share.  
Because we make about 10-11,000,000 pieces compared to a hundred odd IC engines that are made 
in the world. So, we have a reasonable market share globally and Gautham's business made auto 
components, aero and defence. So, it was a natural fit, because the 2 aero businesses amalgamated 
and the Engineering, the whole overall engineering business is moving up the value chain. In terms of 
aerospace and defence, which are more precision engineering, more difficult to business, and more 
margins. And you know, future long-term value creation. So, I think it's a great company with Mr. 
Maini owning about 29%, and it's a professionally run company with Mr. Maini becoming the 
managing director of the whole company together. So, our job is shareholder value creation, and we 
believe that this merger has created tremendous amount of value for us. 
Moving forward, I think aerospace and defence are going to be the future industries today. We've 
already begun starting supplies to Adani defence and in the aerospace, Gautam will speak more, but 
whether it's Safran, Honeywell, Pratt, and Whitney. Any of the big names leap all of them. 
We've been lucky to become suppliers, and I think the real advantage that's come. Gautam is a 1st 
generation entrepreneur. He had limited resources. Raymond has resources because we are a debt-
free company. So, we can now go to companies which are 80-100 billion dollars companies. And say, 
Listen, we are a 2 billion dollars group. And if there is a requirement, we can support it with a capital 
investment. We can make the investments. We have the bandwidth. We have the manufacturing 
capabilities. We have the experience to be able to meet the needs, so suddenly, with no disrespect, 
of course, Mr. Maini did a fantastic job till a particular level, but I think, coming under the Raymond 
umbrella, he's going to be able to take it to the next level. And of course, we're as Raymond group, 
purely interested in shareholder value creation, which is why Mr. Maini, who understands the business 
well, is the managing director, and he's going to continue to run that business and grow it. Of course, 

3 
 
Raymond Group will provide all support and resources that are required to scale this business up, 
because I believe that in the make in India and Mr. Modi's vision of India for manufacturing and the 
China plus one. I think there'll be a huge opportunity from an India point of view. So that's a little bit 
about the engineering.  
The real estate will separate into a separate company. As most of you know, we have built a strong 
real estate business in 5 years, with almost a 25 to 30% market share in Thane. We are probably the 
fastest growing real estate company in India today. I think we've grown over 40% this year and there's 
so many assets like JDAs that we are taking up and I genuinely believe that the real estate being listed 
as a pure play, Real Estate Company will give you a benchmark against the peers in the real estate 
space. Also, from a governance point of view, from a capital point of view, we'll be able to provide it 
capital because it can raise its own capital and its own balance sheet. Thereby exponentially grow to 
meet the dreams and the visions that we have for this company. So, all said, I think there's a very great 
opportunity up front. I'm excited. Tomorrow is a landmark day for this company, where Raymond, 
which actually started as a 1st business, was lifestyle. 2nd business was real estate, and 3rd business 
was engineering, Raymond Limited is only going to be left with engineering. Real estate has now taken 
its own of our lifestyle, has taken its own avatar. I think what's at the core of this organization which 
we're 100% committed to is shareholder value creation. And I'm sure Mr. Maini will talk to you about 
what we plan to do. 
So, if I just look at the engineer business, which is a 200 crore engineering files business for the group. 
Today over a 2,000 crore engineering business for us, and why can't 2,000 become 4,000? Why can't 
it become 6,000? 
We believe, if we take the right steps and invest in the right technologies for the future. India is going 
to be an engineering hub to the world, and it's certainly going to play in a China plus one strategy. 
Having said that with the geopolitical issues that are going on between The US and China, you will 
always have a duty advantage over China to the US. Number 2 on a personal note. I have met several 
customers. I'm extremely enthused at their interest in India, more than I can imagine, not beyond 
surpassing what I can even dream of. I think the question is The West is ready to throw the bait in at 
you? Are you ready to catch it? So, as a company. I think we have positioned ourselves that we will be 
ready to catch it. We have the balance sheet to invest in this business for the future. We have the 
intent to grow this business, so I think that's about it. I think those are my comments. If you have a 
few questions, I'm happy to take them. Otherwise, Gautam is going to give you a presentation on 
Engineering. Also, Harmohan can give you a little bit of flavor of Real Estate as well. But since you have 
me, if you have any questions, I'm happy to answer them. 
Any questions at an overall level. Otherwise, I'll leave it to Gautam to take you through his 
presentation. I guess no questions, so we'll go into the presentations, and I'll leave you from here. 
Thank you very much for coming. I'll excuse myself because I've got a packed schedule, but you're in 
good hands. Thank you. 
Participant: Sir. I'm a small shareholder at JK investor. Now you sold out all the cosmetics and soaps 
to.  
Raymond Chairman: We're not discussing just JK, investor right now. Okay, it's a separate subject. 
Okay, fine. Okay, so thank you, sir. Thank you so much for your comments. If you have any comments, 
you can take them up with the team, they'll be happy to address them. 

4 
 
Thank you. So, on that note we'll hand over to Gautam for his presentation. So, Gautam, really over 
to you. 
Gautam Maini: So good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Pleasure to see you all here. 
So just to give you a little bit of a background, most of you are fully aware of Raymond, right and the 
lifestyle, reality, and also the engineering. So basically, JK Files and Ring Plus Aqua. This has been a 
part of the JK portfolio, and you understand that quite well. I'll give you a little background of the 
Maini group, so that all of you can understand where I come from. So, we were better known as India's 
1st electric car producer by the name REVA. Reva is my mother's name, and we are 3 brothers, and 
we worked very hard on my father's dream to build the 1st electric car in 2004. We were the largest 
electric vehicle producer. We were too early. We had big visions, but we had very less pockets, and 
we were too early. Let's put it that way, but that never stopped us from being what we are today. One 
of the things that I always remember from my father, who's no more, was very simple, is, we may not 
be the biggest, but we will always be the best, and I think those are words that stuck with me right 
from day one right when it came to precision. 
The name says it, but we all believed it, and we, you know, each slept and drank precision. 
So just to give you a few things. The mergers that happened is with Maini precision products, which is 
the flagship company of the Maini group, which I have always run for a long time, and we have several 
other companies in the group that help us to determine our own direction and vision. But they're not 
part of this merger, but just to give you a quick background. We are in electric powertrains, 
autonomous vehicles. We are in battery, swapping as promoters which my brothers are running, and 
I'm fully dedicated to this business, so just to clarify that the rest are run by my brothers, and this is 
run by me. We are now obviously part of Raymond Limited. We're going to merge and demerge in 
such a way that we will have 2 new companies. One will be completely focused on the precision 
products outside of aerospace and defence which will be in the new core and the other would be in 
aerospace and defence. So, the idea is to separate out these 2 because both have their own growth 
paths, their own investment strategies, their own future. And we wanted to make sure that we gave 
both companies an equal chance to grow and survive and thrive. So that's a quick introduction of 
where we are. I won't spend a lot of time on the milestones, but just to tell you that to bring in the 
precision part of what I talked about. So, we started exporting way back in 1984 to Bosch and we 
started with a product called lapping mandrels. And just to give you an idea, lapping mandrels were 
very high precision parts that used to make the precision boards in fuel injection, which is very critical, 
as we all know it, there was no process called honing at that time which is there today. Now, as a 
consequence, we were making one-micron mandrels, and just to help you understand what one 
micron is. Your hair is between 40 and 60 microns depending on how old you are. But imagine splitting 
your hair 40 times or 60 times vertically. 
Okay, you cannot see it, but that's the precision I'm talking about. And that is how we looked at our 
products. So, we realized, my 1st thing I learned was, there was no market in India for our products. 
So, it was the other way around. So, we exported all our products. Our only customer in India was 
Bosch, because the German technology was here. Fuel injection was here. There's probably the 
highest precision that was going on in those days outside of maybe some of the stuff Hal did on the 
engine side. 
So, having said that we took a very different route. So, till 2003 we did not sell in India, so, therefore, 
very few people knew about us. They knew us more as Reva. Then as Maini precision. But the 
background is all Maini precision. And I wanted to bring that up for all of you. Between 1988 and 1998, 

5 
 
we sold 30 million mandrels. Globally, we were the global supplier of Bosch, one micron across the 
globe. Just to give you an idea, we had a difference of one and a half microns just in temperature, 
difference between summer and winter, and you can understand. In those days there were no mobile 
phones. There were no communication methods. We had to dial through operators in the beginning, 
I remember, and then after that we had to send faxes, etc, etc. But those were the days we managed 
that kind of quality. And why? I'm repeating this is because a lot of people mistake precision, 
machining, and engineering. They mistake it with a general automotive sort of situation. And I want 
this crowd out here to understand that precision is a very different world. There are very few real 
precision engineering companies and manufacturing companies, and I wanted to sort of say that the 
rest of the journey you can see we obviously, Mr. Singhania mentioned about JK. Files having started 
a long time ago. And then we've just inaugurated in our new plant in Sinnar, which we've added huge 
space and capacity to grow significantly over the next couple of years. So, we're quite well prepared 
to take on the growth. Here's another slide emphasizing exports. 62% on an average is exported more 
or less, the industrial and automotive average. But look at our markets. Our focus is Europe. And us, 
just to give you an idea, 50% goes to Europe, about 30%. 35% goes to the US. The rest is the rest of 
the world and us. I include Mexico because all the Mexico products actually get shipped into the US. 
But what you're seeing here is we do 500 plus containers a year. That's the leverage, and that's the 
synergy we're talking about. So, when this discussion came up and I visited all the plants, and I said, 
you know what? There's massive synergy. 
I can see it because all the businesses export. But we have different customers. All the customers are 
synergetic, as I will take you through a few examples, and therefore this business makes sense. Maini 
precision comes with the thought process of precision and how to make higher value products. And 
how could we take the tool and hardware business, add value to it and put it on a different pedestal? 
So, these were the thought processes that ran in my mind when I looked at this business together. 
Yeah. So just to give you a background of which you know. But I'm going to use these slides to also 
sort of tell you, what are these opportunities that are coming around? Let's take. Let's start with, let's 
say, ring gears, yeah, ring gears. We make 10 million ring gears like you heard. We'll probably make, 
you know, increase that. But the fact is that ring gears goes on to every engine, and at Miny precision. 
I will come back to that a little later. We make engine parts across several customers. What does that 
do for us? 
Clearly a synergy. Right? We cross-sell. We have hardly 3 or 4% common customers, which means we 
cross-sell all our products across this industry, across the world. And again, globe is our stage. So that's 
1 of the things I wanted to bring up out here. Let's talk about drills. 
We sell drills at the lower end of the market today, you know, at a much, much lower cost. We've 
already done trials, and I said one of the things 6 months ago, and Parag is here, and you can talk to 
him later about it, we said, I want high value drills. How are we going to do that? We make the most 
precision products. Our precision products need precision tooling. So, we started to educate what we 
need. 
And we started to do trials within our own factories. We are now going to be able to come into a 
position where we can 1st of all certify products that are far more valuable, and then take them 
through our distribution channels, but also 
go into the industrial market, which is the OEM market. So, we have big plans on how we are going to 
synergize and add value even to products that people had written off saying, oh, you know tools and 

6 
 
hardware. It's a low EBITDA sort of a business. And I said, no, it's a question of how you think about it. 
You think about files. 
There are files that exist at 5 times the price we're talking about jewellery files. So why aren't we in 
that business? We've got medical, you know, surgical files. We make titanium in aerospace which I'll 
come to? So why are we not in surgical files. So, question is, how are we going to add value to this 
business? And that's something that we've thought about very carefully before going putting these 
businesses together and the reason for putting them together. So, these are just some examples. Let's 
go to power tools. Power tools is one of the big products that tools and hardware sells across the 
country. We compete with Bosch and everybody else, and on the MPP side we are the biggest and the 
most and the supplier of the most complex parts for power tools to a brand called sandy, black and 
decker and Dwart, which is you know, with the standard of power tools in the world. And suddenly 
this place gives us a huge opportunity because they buy 50 to 60%. Not only them. But most of the 
people buy 50 to 60% of this from China. 
Why not India? And why not Maini? Why not? JK, Maini? You know the combination. So, this is 
something that, again, is massive synergy for us. We have all the channels, we have, the relationships. 
We have the OEMs, we make critical products. Why not make in India? So, these are just a few 
highlights of our thought process of how we're going to bring value into the engineering business. I 
haven't touched aerospace yet, and I'll get to it. 
But this is just the engineering business. So, coming to, let's say, the MPP side of the story. We are a 
completely opposite story from everybody else. Everybody else makes products. 
We focused on capability. We said we didn't focus on products. We said, Let's be the best in everything 
we do, what makes precision machining, what makes precision engineering, what makes precision 
parts. It's your ability and capability to build some of the most critical products in the world, using sets 
of processes, equipments, fixtures, tools, methods, and to bring out the best of that product right? 
And that's what we focused on. So, what did that do for us? That made sure that we could absolutely 
go into any segment. We didn't have to be stuck to a particular segment. So, we started with auto. We 
moved to material handling industrial hydraulics. Today we do EV Hybrid. So, there's no sector that's 
stopping us right because all of the machines and the investments that we make are completely 
fungible. Let's look at. When Covid happened, our industrial business went up. 20% aerospace 
business went down 60%. 
So, point is that there will be circumstances and situations in life where certain sectors will go down. 
So, when you have a de-risk sector like this, when you have de-risk geographies that you supply to, 
when you have a dearest plan for your assets, that you can use them across sectors. In a short period 
of time, you can move those assets around and go into different sectors. That's what makes your 
company strong and financially viable. So, this is what we did built that capability. And now we're 
using these capabilities to move into different areas. 
Let me take the next slide for you to give you a little bit few pictures, you know, we make thousands 
of products. But just to give you a little bit of a view, and let's talk about clean powertrain first. 
What do you mean by clean powertrain? I mean, you know, forget about the legacy. IC engine. If 
somebody is going to say IC is going to be finished. I think they're wrong. We made electric vehicles 
30 years ago, and I'm telling you it's not finished. Right? So, point is, we saw everyone so excited about 
the European market. You know everybody's going for EVs. Everybody's doing this. Everybody's doing 
that. And you know, we knew that that's not going to happen. When you go to Paris, you go to Italy. 

7 
 
There are cars parked on the footpath. Where are they going to charge? What are they going to do 
so. Everybody's in this whole political situation that by 2030 we should stop ice, and we should do this, 
and we should do that. It's great to speak about it, but there's no backup to it, right? So, what we 
decided at that time was, and I'll come back to a story of how and why we are focused in certain areas 
and certain commodities. I'll take the 1st one here which is called a GDI pump, which is a gasoline 
direct injection. 
We started to supply these to Morelli in 2013. In 2013, with the numbers we were given, we realized 
that there will be no Diesel passenger vehicles of the smaller size. This was 2013 when I came back in 
India, and I started to discuss with people. They wanted to invest hundreds of crores in Diesel 
passenger vehicles. 
And I said, I'm not investing. I'm going to invest in gasoline, direct injection, you know, because Diesel 
passenger vehicles will die, and sooner or later, in 2020, we saw that happen. So, the biggest 
advantage we've had is we've entered into markets which are global with the highest precision, and 
that tells you where the markets are actually going to go. 
So, we are in discussion now with hydrogen components. It may come 5 years later. But we're in 
discussions today, and we're making samples. And we're figuring out how to be in those businesses. 
So, for me, all of these businesses will coexist, and the company that's with all these businesses will 
decide how much market share is in which business. But you will have a market share in all businesses 
for us. It's prudent to be in these businesses as we project today. Clean powertrain, then, is an 
equivalent of what you call, let's say in diesel euro 6. That's sort of clean out here in India. But you 
know, we started making engines. Engine parts for Euro 6 engines in 2008, and was introduced here 
in 2019 right? We're the global suppliers to Volvo with 100% market share on everything we do, which 
means not a single engine in the world can be made without a part from us. And this all comes from 
Bangalore. That's how strategic we are, but that's how much trust our customers have in us. In our 
OEM business quality. We come back to that precision. We come back to that. Are we reliable, and 
for me reliability is a combination of quality, precision, delivery, and everything else. And that's what 
people are looking for. 
So that's what's happened to this business. Now, in coming to, let's say, electric and hybrid. So, we 
bet on hybrid. A few years ago, we said, you know what hybrid is going to be bigger than electric. So, 
while we still made parts for electric. We bet big on hybrid the bets paid off. We started 24 months 
ago and decided we'll do hybrid. We'll support the hybrid European market in 24 months, we've hit a 
run rate where we could. 15% of our entire business is hybrid with complex parts. You see, some of 
these parts are extremely complex. 5 axes, heat treated ground cold formed all kinds of processes, 
and like I said, the processes are not a problem because we built our strength on capability. So, for us, 
every drawing comes in is something we can do, and then we'll choose. Is this a part we want to make 
is this investment paying off with the ROCE? Do we get returns? Do we get EBITDA, etc, etc? And then 
we choose the playing field where we want to play and how we want to play. And that's what puts us 
in a very big advantages position to play in the field. We want not what our customer wants. So, we 
played that field and we've seen massive returns. We've seen our month-to-month improvements on 
these areas, and they will get only better. 
And you know we make this entire transmission. This is an EV transmission. If you see, part number 7 
is an EV transmission that we make for electric 3 wheelers, for instance, right? So, the complete 
transmission, including end of line testing, is now made by us. So, we will make products and 
components as we deem fit. If we see that the EBITDAs and the returns are in line with our 
expectations. So literally today. I say, if you're not making a ROCE of 25% in future products because 

8 
 
we have legacy products that have brought EBITDAs down, I mean, we have customers like Bosch for 
50 years, where, because of relationship, we still have to keep their parts a little bit pressure. Now 
that Raymond has joined us which I can manage but the future products. We literally aim for that kind 
of our Coc. So, over a period of time, we can expect those things to. You know the averages to improve 
just simply because we have a basket and a pipeline that is so large that we can choose. Now, this is 
why we can choose. 
We sell ourselves as a tier 1.5. You all know that today, if you look at all the tier ones, they're all in 
excess of probably 20 billion dollars, the ones that count. And just look at the tier twos in India or in 
other parts of the world. Your tier twos are all really small people. They average maybe 50 crores, 100 
crores. Look at the gap huge. Every time a good tier one goes and acquires a company, they acquire 
thousands of suppliers. What is the biggest problem that exists 
with sourcing heads all over the world? I mean, I've been on advisory boards of the top companies 20 
years ago, advising them on what their strategy should be as part of, because they found us innovative 
in our approach, etc. And then you realize that their biggest problem is to have reliable suppliers who 
can take on lots of work. you know, not just products, but capability. So, we did a deal with somebody 
20 years ago where we had to. 
You know, they wanted to get rid of 18 suppliers, and we gave them a strategy how we'll get rid of 
them over 2 years now that strategy. That's what I call 1.5 where you just don't go in and say, oh, I sell 
this product. But you go in and say, listen. I'm a solution provider. I supply anywhere in the world just 
in time. My products on a global level. You have 20 locations in the world. I'll supply you products 
across those 20 locations just in time every morning. 
So that's a solution that you provide globally to a customer, and I will make sure that I have your entire 
variety. You don't have to worry. I make machine castings, machine forgings, aluminium, black cast 
extrusions. You need something else. We'll do it for you. Right? So, the innovation in process and the 
ability to deliver that differentiates us. And that's how we talk about the 1.5 tier story which for me 
has been very successful. And now being part of Raymond, we can ask for large businesses, you know, 
real strategic, large businesses which I couldn't ask for with my financial strength earlier on, always 
had the vision to be global, you know, player, but didn't have that strength. And I think now, with that 
strength the confidence is there to go and ask for big businesses from these same people. We have 
the best customers in the world, you know. If you add up the revenue of all our customers, I think it's 
over 500 billion dollars. So, what is the problem in getting business market is not an issue. When 
people tell me, oh, market is going down. Market is going up. I said, listen, I'm not interested because 
the addressable market bias is so large. Why do you talk about market? If market's going down, go get 
more market share, make more products, make new product development, increase your market 
share through other means. Why are you worried about market going down? So, the thought process 
has to be very different when you want to play in this market. 
Let me now shift my focus a little bit to the aerospace side of the story, and I'll tell you I couldn't have 
built the aerospace story without the automotive, and that's why I feel we are in a very advantageous 
position, because a lot of companies that did aerospace never learned automotive. And I can tell you 
an automotive background and automotive fundamentals are still very, very strong and bring so much 
value. Right? 
Key thing is that all processes that you do in automotive are in millions, and what you do in aerospace 
are in hundreds. So just imagine the learning curve we run, GDI, which I showed you earlier. We make 
half a million GDI pump bodies most complex, tooling very hard materials. 

9 
 
Stainless steel, forging, more difficult to machine than inconel, which is one of the difficult materials 
to machine right now that learning curve, you have 40 operations on that part, and the learning from 
that that you get you can horizontally deploy to all the engine parts that you make in aero engine. So 
just see the just one small aspect and imagine the whole learning curve when you have a capability of 
processes across all of precision, machining the strengths that you have to deliver multiply market is 
huge. I mean, the addressable market is huge again, like I said, it's up to us, you know. For instance, 
whatever hard work we've done over 20 years. My pipeline today of RFQs is 2 X of all of that. That's 
the addressable market. It's up to us. How much can we chew? How much can we take? What should 
we take? You know? Where is the value? Add etc, and that's a choice we have to take. But the choice 
is there, and we are taking them. 
This is a quick summary of where we stand now. Unlike most aerospace companies that exist today in 
India, you know. Aerospace was a very late story for us, because everybody, you know, Hal was there. 
It was doing its bit, and aerospace was really, you know. Nobody was interested in it, you know. So, 
there's a lot of that thought process. Was there? So many people couldn't think of how lucrative this 
business was, and the entry barriers were very high, extremely high. So, we decided at that time that 
let's go with the most difficult part of aerospace. Let's start with the engine. 
Everybody starts with the structure and the system, which is easy. But let's start with the engine, 
because the engine is the most difficult part. That's what we did 20 years ago we went. We took on 
the challenge. We were able to sell ourselves to one customer, Safran, I told Safran, I said. Listen, give 
us whatever parts you want to give, and we'll make sure that we do a good job. They gave me 50 parts 
of an engine. 50 parts. They said, Okay, Gautam. if you can do these 50 parts for us, it's proof enough 
for us to start. Our relationship took me 6 months, only 6 months, and a lot of people think, wow, you 
know. And it's true today. And I'll come to that story. But in 6 months we delivered 50 parts. Everyone 
was 1st time right precision parts, and they were shocked and surprised. They couldn't believe me. 
They actually invited me to their 7th floor in the Safran headquarters, where only the biggest of 
customers are invited. I was invited there to meet with the number one guy, and say, Listen, we want 
you to partner us in India and build our ecosystem in India, I said, Sure, I'll build it for you, because, as 
9,100, no certifications existed. 20 years ago. There was not as 9,100. There was no natcap, nobody 
knew aerospace and forget about engines. Nobody had made parts for engines. So that is the 
innovation that we went with. We brought automotive suppliers into aerospace. We taught them 
what is aerospace. We built them today all these suppliers that we brought in are all approved by 
Airbus and Boeing, and the factories are full, but they had to believe in the story because not 
everybody believed in the story, right? But then that 20 years is the advantage we have today. When 
you want to go to a new customer, it takes 2 years to get approved. You go to a GE. You go to a Safran, 
you go to a Honeywell, you go to a roll. 
All these processes take 2 years. So, what I decided 20 years ago was that we won't be happy with just 
one customer. We will get approved by every engine manufacturer in the world. We'll go after that to 
structures. We'll go to systems. We'll go to fuel. We'll go to hydraulics because we had built capability 
in automotive, and I was very confident we can build capability in aerospace. And that's where we 
were different. 
So, a built on the most complex part. So, start with the most difficult thing, not the easy thing. And 
then it's very easy to build your reputation. And that's what we did. So just to give you an idea. We 
make 1,200 different part numbers for aerospace. Today, 75% of these part numbers are for engine, 
and just on the leap, 1 a, 1 b and 1 C, which is the main engine. All of you may be knowing the story 
of leap, and for those who don't it's a joint venture between Safran and GE. It's a very long-term joint 

10 
 
venture. They make the engines for the narrow aisle aircraft. So, you make airbus a 320 neo, and you 
make Boeing 737 max. Those are the high volume, narrow aisle aircraft. 
A stands for Airbus, so leap one A is Airbus leap, one B is Boeing Leap. One C is Comac, which is a 
Chinese aircraft. So indirectly, our parts also go to China. They're just starting. But all these engines 
we have 350 parts on that engine. Now, mind you, these are parts on every flying engine. If you sit in 
those aircraft, so we don't make parts that are on the ground. We don't make parts that are used in 
ground handling or in fixtures, or we make parts that fly. It's part of the engine now. We were the 1st 
also to make titanium forgings, which was never made in India. We made our 1st titanium forging 10 
years ago. 
Today, on every flying aircraft we have 17 varieties of forgings, and several of those forgings were 
done as a vav exercise to bring down their cost, and our market shares have doubled since we 
developed these parts. So, coming back to the growth story, what are the 3 things you need to actually 
look at that growth story right? And I'll come to that a little later. So when you look at, let's say the 
customer base, we have 25 plus customers, right? Everybody that you can think of in the engine 
business. You say their name. They're our customer, the entry barrier, is there. So, when people 
started 3 to 5 years ago, they may have 2 or 3 customers right? Because it takes time. And the point 
out here is, where's the market now? The market is huge, but remember, aerospace is five-year 10-
year contracts. They're not one-year contracts. They're not like pos you do something. There's a lot of 
development work that you do, and you need a minimum 5-year contract for it to pay back. 
You know, all the R & D and development we do in process which I'll talk to you about is written off 
that year, because that's part of your business model. You can't capitalize it. Because if you want to 
grow in this business, then new product development and process R&D is part of your part of life. And 
so that's the difference is, can you think that way? So let me get to a little bit on just giving you a little 
pictorial view of some of the parts that are made right? So, if you look at these parts, they're complex 
engine parts, the structural parts and the system parts 75% of our revenue comes from complex 
engine parts. Each one of these parts are intricate and I want to tell you that we make one new part a 
day. 
Now, how do we do? This is what I'll come to next. But that's the thing. How do you grow your 
business? You can grow your business in aerospace in 3 ways. Number one, you have a huge customer 
base, because customer is not always ready to give you business products are in contracts of 5 years 
10 years. So, when it comes up, are you his supplier? If you're not his supplier, you're not even on the 
bid list. So today, like I was telling you. Our pipeline is 2 x of our entire business that we built in 20 
years. That's the kind of opportunity that's coming our way. Now it's up to us to choose what those 
are. But the trick out here is very simple how to go up the value chain it took us. So, let's talk about 
engines. So, the way engines are defined in that language is, you start with N. 4. Criticality. Then you 
go to N. 3. Then you go to N. 2, then you go to n. 1. So, n. 1 are the real complex parts that actually 
move in the engine, which are not that many a lot of parts in a jet engine are actually stationary, and 
the main shafts and those kind of things move. The N. 2 is very complex parts, but they don't move. 
So that 1st part out there is a turbine vane. It's a very complex part, made out of material called Rene 
77. It's so hard you can't even machine it. So again, the processes that you need. So, all of the 
technology was transferred from Safran to us because they believed in us as a partner, and they 
needed such critical parts made out of India. So that's the advantage you get that if you're able to 
build the trust of these customers. They need you earlier. It was, I'm cheaper earlier. It was, I'm giving 
you value. Add, today it is I need you. I don't have a supply chain. I can't ramp up. I want you. So that 
is the difference I have seen in the last 3, 4 years, especially after Covid, right? So, we did structural 

11 
 
parts again to increase that envelope because we didn't want any vacuums in our growth process. So 
therefore, we would take RFQs from all parts, but you know the margin is in the engine. 
So, we take more of engine parts. But if we come across a situation where, at a particular point. In 
time we think we'll have more capacity than we have. We'll take some structural parts. We'll take 
system parts. So, we'll integrate all of this into our plan. 
Literally, because the kind of growth we have, right, we literally map our capacity on a monthly basis. 
So, this is not a business like a process. You put a cement plant, and then you wait for it to fill up. This 
is a business which you operate on a monthly basis. You calculate capacities on a monthly basis, you 
forecast which are the parts you will develop over the next 6 months. We have a pipeline of 200 parts 
to develop. Hopefully. It takes us 200 days to develop them. We're trying to increase the speed of that 
development. Then each of those parts has a ramp up plan. When you ramp up, your 1st ramp up to 
a 35% market share. Then you wait. The customer sees. Are you good? Have you done your job? Are 
you delivered on time? Quality is great fine. Move the market share to 65%. So, all of this growth 
comes from a new product first, then you ramp it up, then you increase market share. 
But then you have a huge customer base, so you don't have to worry about somebody's contract 
getting over, or somebody not having the ability, even if you're very good. If there's nothing in the 
market, what will you do? And I think that's what's helped us grow our business, and which will further 
grow our business. So obviously, you need Capex to grow. The business aerospace is not free of Capex, 
but we've done our best to work it in such a way that we can increase our ROCE continuously. So, we 
are hoping that our strategy pays out. And not only we have the advantage of high EBITDA, but we 
also have the advantage of High Roce, and that's the whole idea of this business. 
This is what I'm talking about. So, we're probably one of the few companies that works our engineering 
department in 3 shifts. Engineers are difficult to handle, and even when I had to push them 3 years 
ago to go 2 shifts, it took a lot of effort from me but 3 shifts. They run 3 shifts. That's the reason why 
we can make one new part a day, because all of our new product development. 
We've dedicated 20 machines. And we said, we will only produce new product. And this is what we're 
talking about. It's a concept many people have to think man, I'm dedicating so many resources, you 
know. When will I make money? But you know, without this you can't be in the business. So therefore, 
fundamentals of growth, new product. Now we reached one new part a day, you know, I was 
struggling with let's say, 10 a month, 5 years ago, 4 years ago before Covid. But we've achieved it now. 
And now we're pushing those limits as to what else we can do, because we've seen that we can do it 
with complex parts. But that's the key. So, right from the core engineering, and how we run the 
business is very critical. 
Yeah, I'm just showing you this one part which I talked about a little bit earlier. 
We have a capacity of 8,000 units. This is one of the high-volume parts in Aerospace, which is really 
interesting because it adds value. And that's what we're looking at. So, we're talking to our customers. 
We are identifying high volume businesses within the engine. Now that our customers have 
confidence in us. We're saying, hey, listen! Why don't you give us this business instead of the customer 
sending us an RFQ. We are going into their plants and picking parts, and saying, why don't you give us 
this? Why don't you give us that? Why can't we assemble this, etc, etc, etc. So, a little bit of reversal 
in how we can pull what we want and what is valuable. That's what we started doing. So just to give 
this example. Complex machines, 5 axis machining, Edm vacuum brazing. This technology you'll find 
in Etl. You won't find generally in the country. 

12 
 
That's the kind of stuff we are doing. And then the horizontal deployment of these kind of technologies 
is huge in the aerospace industry, and therefore puts us at an edge. 
This is to give you an understanding of how complex it is on the supply chain. 
You know you're buying materials from all over the world. You buy critical materials like in Cornell, 
titanium, aluminium, and steel. You buy it in every form and shape. We've started to localize castings. 
We've localized forgings very successfully in the plans and look at the varieties. 
We have 110 varieties of material. So, like I said, there's a lot of people that look at verticals. Somebody 
is going to look at titanium and say, I'm going to be an expert in titanium. Somebody says I'm going to 
be an expert in veins. Somebody said, I'm going to be an expert in a certain section. We go horizontal 
because of capability. We want to build expertise across the chain, select where the money is, and 
then make those volumes. So, we have a choice. We're not restricted, because one fine day I said, I 
want to do only this, and that is what's going to give us the edge going forward. 
So, this is a quick summary of everything I've spoken just to put a few numbers in perspective. Of all 
the 3 companies put together, and the huge strength that automotive has brought to aerospace can't 
be undermined, and I think many companies that only have aerospace and never have run through 
the automotive cycle, are definitely at a disadvantage on high precision products. Because whatever's 
said and done, automotive precision is very high when you're in the high end, like fuel, injection, and 
stuff like that, you really are very, very precise. 
More precise than some of the aerospace parts, and therefore, when you do them at volume, you can 
become very good at aerospace. So, this is a quick summary. 
These are some numbers that that you can see from last year, and this year. 
Obviously, the MPP side of the story has been added. So, if Jatin wants to explain a little bit of that.  
Yeah. So that's just to we had the earnings call already on numbers. Yeah, we've already had the 
earnings call. But of course, I mean people as we get into Q&A, and a people will have more questions. 
Sure. Sure. Okay, good. So, this is on sustainability, you know. Today, no customer finishes their slide 
without sustainability, and that's been our passion for over 30 years. So that's something we will 
obviously do. So, with this. You know, the stage is open 
Jatin Khanna: if somebody wants to ask some questions. Thank you if I may. Yeah. So, we'll open the 
floor for Q. And A. I think we have some questions already submitted by. You know the participants, 
so maybe I can. So we've already received some questions from the participants, whilst most of them 
are on engineering business. But there are some on lifestyle and real estate as well, so we will try and 
address, you know, together. 
So, question really, first, Gautam is for you. Now, what is your growth? Strategy for next 5 years? And 
what are your competitive advantages. I mean, what is the base of that growth strategy? I mean, how 
do you leverage your competitive advantages for that? I think I covered a lot of it during the 
presentation. But just to reemphasize 
Gautam Maini: vision is very clear. We go up the value chain on every one of our businesses. We 
synergize those businesses on every front, on marketing, on supply, chain, on logistics, on 
warehousing, we look at sustainability by trying and combining automotive and aerospace dispatches 
together. So, you move from sea to air, to sea, etc. So, there's a lot of plans out there. But I think 
overall in every segment. We go up the value chain. So, like, for instance, we are in engines. We are 
today on complex parts. We go up into sub-assemblies, we go up into modules in automotive. We do 

13 
 
the same. We're getting into hybrids and complex parts on new fronts of capability. We're looking at 
areas like medical, perfect synergies for us, because in medical. You have a lot of titanium machining 
in terms of your body implants. And for me it makes a lot of sense. So, we will continuously look at 
areas in the precision machining segment that will bring value to us. We will grow definitely, I would 
say. You know, as far as expectation is concerned, we'll do a 15% growth in revenue. Obviously, the 
aerospace will probably go higher than probably the rest. 
But we would definitely average a 15% and a 20% EBITDA growth over the next few years. So that 
could be a vision. 
Jatin Khanna: Okay, so now, how do you see the geopolitical tensions impacting the growth prospects 
of our businesses. 
Gautam Maini: Well, you know, I mean, it's very difficult. It's like, you know, anybody getting up in the 
morning and saying what will happen. But, luckily for us right now, most of our market is in Western 
Europe and in the US. And it's quite far from some of the conflicts that are taking place. So  far, we've 
seen that even though there's been a conflict in Europe and on the borders for so long, nothing's 
impacted us. What's impacted us is, yes, it's taken longer for our ships to reach. You know you had 
some Red Sea stuff going on, but then those are all areas which you can act upon. So, I don't really see 
unless something really crazy happens which nobody can forecast. 
But otherwise, I only see a lot of opportunity happening across the globe. 
Amit Agarwal: And actually, you see, it is big advantage with this reciprocal tariff, because it is very, 
very clear that compared to China, India's duty will be obviously lower. It is very, very clear. He has 
given all the clear hints, and we, as an engineering business, have almost 2 thirds as export and if you 
have 2 thirds of export, your ability to supply into the American market becomes larger and larger, 
and since you are in a precision engineering, which is also a little manpower, intensive to that extent 
we stand to gain significantly more. And the other thing, what China was trying to do by sending the 
goods into Vietnam and other countries, and doing a little bit of a value, add, I think the Trump 
Government has realized it very clearly that we should charge the duty based on the value addition. 
So, therefore, a big value addition happens in China, so the tax reciprocal tariff will be based on 
China's. Whatever rate is so, therefore. 
We believe India and our mining JK. Mining stands a very, very good opportunity in terms of 
expanding. Second thing, the era is over where multilateral trades used to happen. Now it will be 
purely bilateral trades like India signed FTA with UK. Now we have certain customers in Uk. It will 
continue to grow so like that you will see many more bilateral trades will happen between the 
countries which will benefit companies like us. 
Jatin Khanna: Okay, so next question is on Q. 2 q. 2 and Q. 3. Guidance. So, we don't get into quarter. 
Wise guidance. I think. Directionally, Gautam has already said 15% revenue growth and 20% EBITDA 
compounding for the business, you know. But one thing I must say, that relative to last year, and this 
year I think there are 2 critical trends which have changed. One is that you know, we had Boeing going 
through its own issues. I mean, it was really a Black Swan event for Boeing. It started with 737 Max. 
Then their door fell off, and then the strike. So, I guess that overly impacted the business last year. 
We've seen a smart recovery in quarter 4. As Boeing has come back, and we really hope to build on 
that. I mean, Boeing's already made a statement to say they'll make 38 aircraft this month and they 
are wanting to submit for an approval to make 42. So, I guess they're back with the bank. So, I think 
that's 1 thing which has changed which should help the business in the coming year. I think the second 
thing which has changed is that we had a lot of inventory issues in Europe because of which the 

14 
 
automotive business suffered. Because, you know, I mean, there are some of the suppliers who cut 
their supply schedules by as high as 50%, so that impacting impacted the business also last year. Now 
that trend is also behind us. Now, I think we've already more or less in quarter 4, you know, caught up 
to last year, slightly lower still, but by the time we get to quarter 2. Certainly, all of that will be behind 
us, and therefore you know that in some sense downside on the numbers which impacted. Our last 
year's number on the engineering side will not be there with us as well. 
So clearly, unless and until something new comes up we are all set for growth for the coming year. 
 
Jatin Khanna: The next question, Gautam, is on the technological capabilities that we have. And how 
do those technological capabilities position us in defence. 
Gautam Maini: Yeah. So, I think you got a good brief on technological capabilities. And the reason I 
didn't spend too much time on defence is because none of the numbers that I've incorporated this 
year are actually in defence, but they make an entire story is very big. To be honest, there are 2 parts 
to the defence story. One is connected to flying machines, aircraft. One could be land systems and 
ammunition and arms. Right? So, we have some projects going on, but they have to fructify. We have 
the technology for those products. One of the things that we are trying to do is to combine civil and 
defence. And we're talking to a lot of our customers to say, hey, listen! If you want us to do some of 
the defence work. Then we'd like you to give us a similar civil part, so we don't have to spend time 
and efforts on only low volume. So, these are the negotiations we're having. I believe our negotiations 
are going in the right direction and over a period of time. I think that they'll make a lot of sense. So, 
the scope is huge. The technology is ready. And I think we're one of those players that actually could 
be one of the ideal partners for any in India program. In the mechanical assembly area, and we're 
talking to several partners. 
The future looks good, but we have nothing on the plate right now. It's all work in progress. 
Jatin Khanna: and we've broken into some of the players as well, so I'm sure we'll build on it as we go 
forward. The next question Gautam is on the main competitors in our tools business and how do our 
margin compare with them? But what's not asked? And I will add that question is to say, how do you 
see the future of this business as well? So, I was explaining to you the value addition on tools. Right? 
So, if you look at cutting tools. For instance, you've got Edison you've got, you know, others that are 
players in the market that we look at. But we want to go actually ahead of them by 
Gautam Maini: adding what we wanted to add. Right? The industrial segment of the business, and 
especially in aerospace. That's where our focus is going to be, how do we add value? And how are we 
going to go up the value chain? So, Parag is here, and whoever asked that question can spend some 
more time with Parag, who heads our BU for tools and hardware, and he will be able to explain to you 
whatever you need to know clearly. You will see a change come in into the segments as we progress 
on the tools on the hand tools side. We're going to expand our portfolio again. So, we are looking very 
strategically. We are also looking at the industrial side of hand tools because we have OEM customers 
all over the world who need hand tools who need power tools. And we are trying to cross leverage 
just like we are doing on the engine side. We're trying to cross leverage global customers and going 
into the OEM side rather than just focus on the distribution side. So far, our focus has only been on 
the distribution side, and that's a whole industrial side that we're going to bring in with value adds. 

15 
 
So obviously, you know, the retail business is going to keep increasing. The branding is going to 
happen. We are moving into from just HSS tools into, you know, carbide tools. So, there's a lot of value 
add happening at that end which will ultimately get us results. 
 
Jatin Khanna: So, I'll side-track a little bit. There are a couple of questions on lifestyle, so maybe Amit 
you can address those. So how is Raymond adapting to evolving consumer preferences? 
Amit Agarwal: Absolutely. I think. You see, Raymond, the lifestyle business has been in business for 
100 years, if one would not have evolved with the consumer changing behaviour, we could not have 
survived. You look at the kind of fabrics which we used to make 30, 40 years back. And what we make 
today, we have the innovative technology, and where we got into linen, silk blends. And these kinds 
of blends, which are very, very popular in the youth, which is sustainable, that is one. 
If I look at the apparel business once again, we were primarily into a formal. We have launched a lot 
of casual, and, as you know, in India there won't be a wedding without a Raymond suit. 
What used to happen previously. The wedding used to be for one day or 2 days. Now it has expanded 
to 3 to 4 days. Where people wear ethnic. Now, ethic is one thing which we have launched in a big 
way. We have already got more than 150 stores all across the country which has picked up well, our 
products are very well accepted. So very clearly, we are catching up with the trends, and as the trend 
continues to evolve, and fashion is one thing which evolves very fast, and let me also add that we have 
a large garmenting business which we supply to the big brands overseas be to the US, Europe, UK. 
Now we get also a lot of good trends from them, and that we are in a position in a similar manner to 
implement in the Indian system and bring that fashion to the people. That's what we are doing. 
Jatin Khanna: I'll also, you know, encourage you to look at your back, and, you know, just walk around 
a little bit. Once we finish the Forum you will see some of our cutting-edge designs in form of the 
chairman's collection. I saw some of you taking pictures as well before we started, so you know, you 
can look at the made to measure store, where you'll find the latest chairman collection which is totally 
cutting-edge designs from Raymond's table. 
Jatin Khanna: So now Amit the second question on the lifestyle side is the traction in the sleepwear. 
Yeah. 
Amit Agarwal: So actually, you know, this is one thing we define Raymond with a complete man. What 
used to happen was, if you see the journey of a man from the morning till evening, we were able to 
cater, dress them, and there was one category which was missing, which is more than discretionary, 
was the sleepwear, because every day you have to wear it, wash it, get it so. It was more like a 
consumption category. And if you see in this category there is not even one player who is in an 
organized segment. It was all unorganized segment, and that is why we saw this as an opportunity to 
be looked at. Second, what we introduced our products was at a very, very attractive price point, and 
the price point is, if you take an Indian wear like a kurta pajama, it comes up ₹1,000 for Indian wear, 
coming from the house of Raymond. ₹1,000 is a great price. Similarly, the Boxer shorts and T-shirts 
also come in the range of ₹800- 900. 
I think that is what we are trying to make and democratize this and we strongly believe. And this is 
once again, if I take the 1st question that how we are evolving with the trend, as the affluence will 
keep coming into the country. The sleepwear category, which used to be not a prominent category on 
its own will start to be exist there, and we want to be the leaders in that category, and pioneers in 
that category. We have seen a good traction. Our products are available in more than 3,500 counters 

16 
 
all across the country, and it is a journey where you will see where you live. Around you, mom, and 
pop stores will have our products over the next few years. 
Jatin Khanna: Okay, now, Harmohan over to you. How would you define the long-term strategy for 
real estate business? 
Harmohan Sahni: Well, the long-term strategy is pretty clear. We want to be one of the significant 
players in the country. As far as residential play is concerned. It's a very, very large market primarily, 
if you see India the way it is structured a home. Everybody needs a home. So that's not a secret. And 
the large markets which are there in the country about 6 or 7 large markets in value terms. They are 
about 70 to 80% of the entire Indian market. And Bombay is one of the largest ones. In fact, MMR, so 
our strategy basically is to 1st get our roots very strongly embedded in this market. And it constitutes 
roughly about 25 to 27% of the Indian market in value terms out of all the large cities. So, it's almost 
1\3rd you can say just under 30%. So that's the market we want to play. In additionally, we would look 
at Pune as another market. So that's the geographical end of it in terms of the price point and the 
ticket size. We want to look at deep ends of the market strong locations. So, we are not looking at the 
bottom of the pyramid. We are not on the affordable segment. We are not in the luxury segment, the 
ticket size and price points are going to be for the masses, so it's affordable luxury. It's the premium 
segment that we are targeting towards the Raymond Brand itself lends to that. And that's a strength 
that we have. And within the team also, the execution capability is very high on that segment, and we 
have demonstrated that in the last 5 years, so that strategy is playing out quite well for us, and in 
terms of product. The products are going to be premium in their look and feel, and the way consumer 
experiences them, and yet they would be affordable in that segment. So, it is not the affordable 
segment, but in the premium segment you would find our product rightly priced. So that's essentially 
the strategy that we are playing on, and it's been working for us for the last 5 years. We've seen 
tremendous growth in the business. We are already one of the top 10 developers in the MMR Region. 
By turnover. Of all the listed players we have already entered the top 10. 
I mean this, the march 25. We closed the year at 23-2,400 odd top line number, which is what people 
have taken almost 2025 years to reach that milestone. We've done it in 5 years. So naturally the brand 
is very well accepted in the market. The strategy has worked and we want to continue playing that 
game. 
Jatin Khanna: The second question is, what is your sales? Expectation in light of the current sector 
trends 
Harmohan Sahni: Well. I don't know what you mean by current sector trends, the trends are actually 
varying, depending on which product line that you look at so, and also depending on which newspaper 
you read and which reporter that you subscribe to. Some of them are saying, markets are slowing 
down. Some of them are saying, markets are doing very well, and it's been the record month and 
record quarter. My personal view is that on the luxury side there is definitely some kind of tiredness 
in the market, because that's not the deep end of the market lesser number of players. The inventory 
is quite high in the market today and but the good news is that it's in strong hands. So, nobody is really 
panicking there. As far as the other part of the market is concerned. The premium, the segment that 
we are playing in that continues to be extremely strong, and we are playing in deep markets, so 
volumes are very, very strong. They continue to grow for us even in saturated markets, where the 
competitive intensity is very high. The market just continues to grow, I mean, in a highly competitive 
market like Thana. Also, the market has expanded, and so has our share. New competition has come 
in. New players have launched substantial size projects, but we continue to grow. The market 
continues to grow because it's a deep market. Its actual user driven, and prices have not run away. So, 

17 
 
the affordability is there. Affordability in that segment is probably at its highest level, that it has been 
in the last 1015 years, I mean as a multiple of income. So that's pretty  strong. And even in the Bombay 
market other than Thana, where we have taken positions. There also the markets continue to be 
strong. Volumes are pretty good and robust. So yeah, I mean, that's  my take on the market. 
Jatin Khanna: How would you define the future course of action for real estate business? 
Harmohan Sahni: I really don't know how to answer that. So, I mean, we are already doing whatever 
we have planned for. So, when we started this business, we put a 5-year plan in place, and then we 
roll it every year. And so, any given point in time. We have a 5 Year plan in mind looking at the current 
conditions and how the market is playing out so that we are nimble on our feet, and we take current. 
Let's say circumstances into account. So far, whatever the plan has been, we are actually we have 
stayed ahead of that. We started off by saying that we will have a 25% CAGR in this business for the 
1st 5 years, and we are already ahead of that. 
Harmohan Sahni: In the last 2 years we've been promising a 20% growth on the top line on the 
business. We've every year. We have stayed ahead of that. In fact, last year, March 25, that we closed, 
we gave a 45% growth on the top line. 
This year also looks quite promising. So as a general guidance, we look at a 20% growth on the top line 
and the general strategy I stated in the 1st question which was there. So, we will continue to play that 
game. I don't think there is any need to significantly change that. It's working for us. The markets are 
also strong, so we've got a big boat in the waters. Our sales are up, tailwinds are strong. 
So, we continue to cruise along. 
I just want to add one small thing. So, on the land sourcing strategy. So, my colleague Amit rightly 
pointed out that that's something which I can address that on the land. Sourcing strategy. Principally 
we are looking at JDAs to grow and that's been our stated intent. It doesn't mean that we say No to 
every other means of getting land. So, if some sweet deal or something really lucrative comes our way, 
we are happy to look at other means of getting outright land also. But we will continue to navigate 
the waters through JDAs, because we feel that that's something which is you know, very capital 
efficient. And also, it gives us the kind of ROCE that we have targeted. We've been maintaining an 
upward of 25% return on capital employed, and I don't see that changing in the current year or the 
year after that. So that's going to be our stated strategy. 
Jatin Khanna: Okay, Gautam, the question for you. What is your current order book and expected 
execution? Timelines? 
Gautam Maini: Well, like, I said to you that most of the time we have 5 year to 10 year contracts. So, 
therefore, you have very good visibility in the let me talk about 1st the OEM side of the story. Right? 
That's where you have all the visibility. So, you know what products are going. But the markets could 
go up or down. There could be incidents in the world. So, you have to keep a watch on your schedules, 
but in general you know what products you're going to make, for what period of time and in general 
are those market shares expected by the customer to go up so like we talked about the, you know 
hybrid case that we launched the customers 18 months ago said that you have to be at 50,000 a month 
in 18 months, and we are at 50,000 a month, and they're using 50,000 a month, and now they want 
to go to more, so it will always be dependent finally on the market. But the visibility is given by the 
customer. The customer backs up any huge investment that you have by having volume contracts that 
are flexible. So, if you generally have a 5 year contract and you haven't finished the volumes. You push 
them to go for the 6th year or the 7th year, and not to source that business unless the business itself 

18 
 
goes away, so I think there'll always be some market dynamics to it. But in general, you have a very 
clear visibility on long term in the Oem side of the business, obviously on the b 2 c side of the business. 
A different story, you know. If you're talking about files and tools, your brand's established, you have 
a certain market share, and so overall, I would say it's a fairly high reliability when we say that we're 
going to do something. There is a high factor. 
You rightly pointed out, execution is the main thing like, I said. If we can execute well. 
And make sure it's 1st time, right? That's what will differentiate.  And we are putting a lot of resources 
in systems. So, for instance. 
1st thing I'm doing is I'm getting sap. Hana organized across the company. So, I'm making all the 
companies really integrated in a real manner, not just for namesake. So, we will actually have the 
companies have a common brand common management. 
Resources at the top. We've hired a new CFO. We've hired a new Chro. So, I'm building the 
organization of the future. You know, products. One side, you need systems. You need organization. 
And you need technology. And you have to build on all fronts. And that's what we are doing to make 
sure that we have a stable growth going forward. 
Jatin Khanna: The next question cuts across businesses. We already said. 
You know, 15% revenue and 20% EBITDA growth. Of course, business went through its own difficult 
time. So therefore, I mean last year because of Boeing and supply cut, and also this year can be a 
higher growth rate. Same way, lifestyle. You know, our stated growth rates have been 12 to 15% on 
revenue and 15 to 18% on EBITDA. But again, lifestyle had difficult year last year. So, this year can be 
better than that because obviously, you'll pull back from a lower base same way for real estate. You 
know, we've said that you know, 20% sales growth, 20% margin and 20% IRR. So those are our stated. 
you know, long-term growth objectives or medium to long term growth objectives for each of the 
businesses. Then the next question is, I think, on the engineering side, because it doesn't save its 
space, that what will be the revenue and profit contribution from the remaining business after the 
demerger. So clearly, engineering business is what will drive the future of Raymond Limited, which 
will list tomorrow morning. There we've already done 1,800 crore revenue and 240 crore EBITDA last 
year. Approximately, so say about 15% margin. We see because our growth outlook is higher growth 
on both revenue and EBITDA. So obviously, you know, you will see that number growing faster, and 
the margin expansion also happening in the business going forward. 
But that will be the core business, for Raymond and Raymond will own two-third ownership of that 
business. So that's what will define Raymond Limited going forward now, as Raymond. Reality lists 
separately, then it'll have its own future. And Raymond lifestyle, as we all know, is already listed 
separately. 
Jatin Khanna: The next question, Amit is on the lifestyle business. So maybe you can take that, the 
wool and polyester. How does it impact your margin in terms of the raw material prices changes for 
wool and polyester. 
Amit Agarwal: Yeah, actually, you know, for a brand, the raw material component, if I look at the 
price, is very, very small, it is not more than 1518%. Second, as we see the way things are happening 
in China, all the raw material prices are coming off. So, we will have that advantage, and when you are 
a domestic brand player. 

19 
 
The raw material price increase or decrease is something which you do not have to pass on from today 
to tomorrow whether it is increased, and once you increase the product prices, it's not that when the 
prices drop, you reduce the prices of the product. So therefore, it keeps on building into the margin, 
and that is what we have seen. If you look at the simple is the cotton shirting. 
Cotton candy prices used to be ₹32,000-₹33,000 candy. It went all the way to ₹70-80,000 a candy, and 
did we increase the price at the same point of time, in the same breath. Answer is no. We did increase 
in a very small bits, and there was a little bit of a margin pressure for very small period of time. So 
today the prices have come down to 55, ₹56,000. And now we are taking the benefit of it. So actually, 
if you see on a long-term basis, the raw material prices do give any major volatility on a positive 
increase side helps us to improve our margin. 
Okay, the next question is on currency, volatility, and its impact on our exports. And are we hedged? 
I think this is relevant for both engineering and lifestyle. So maybe you can Amit. Cover that. And then 
so look. 
Amit Agarwal: I think, currency volatility. Except for the last 4 to 6 weeks. Rupee has been 
continuously depreciating against dollar. If I look at the business primarily in the garmenting business 
as well as in the aerospace, it is primarily dollar denominated so. We have been always getting the 
benefit of it, as far as some businesses are concerned, in the European countries, in the auto 
components, where it was linked to euro. So, we have seen in last year. The euro has been 
strengthening. 
I'm sorry euro has been weakening against the rupee, so there we saw a little bit of a pressure. But 
over time you get it. 
Okay? And I think as a business, we tend to believe that currency is not the way to earn money for us. 
It is good if it depreciates, the rupee depreciates. But can we say that is the only basis on which we 
are going to make money? Answer is no, our focus is on productivity. Improvement cost 
rationalization, and whatever the benefit comes out of a currency, depreciation should be added, and 
we normally hedge our businesses. We when we get the orders, like in b 2 b businesses, we book our 
currency well in advance so that we don't have a speculation on the currency. 
Jatin Khanna: The next question is, what's a rationale behind? Maybe acquiring many precision 
products? So maybe I can address that. See? The reason we did that is because, you know, we were 
already in automotive and engineering consumable space. What many brought in was a 
complementary automotive business, which was clearly, you know, one plus one becomes 11, and 
there are lots of synergies which Gautam spoke about in his remarks. 
In say businesses when we look at you know Raymond Maini combined, and then it also enabled our 
entry into a sunrise sector of aerospace. I guess that also, you know of our conversation and discussion 
today has been on aerospace. I think it was a big strategic move to really change the trajectory of our 
engineering business, which is why we did what we did, and the results of that are for all of you to 
see. 
The next question is, will you acquire 100% of Maini precision consolidate? So, we don't need to 
acquire 100% of Maini precision to consolidate because we've already consolidated, I mean, for some 
of you who don't know. We acquired 59.25% of Maini precision. But at the same time, we are merging 
our existing auto and engineering consumable business with the businesses that came from many 
precision to create one large consolidated entity with engineering businesses, which is auto 
engineering, consumable, and then at the same time simultaneously demerging the aerospace 

20 
 
business, because sunrise sector, its own growth trajectory can grow very sharply, needs a lot of focus. 
So simultaneously we are demerging the aerospace business into a separate company, so that it has 
its own board. So, you know, as we, as we finish this corporate restructure, which we hope to do soon, 
because the Court. 
Jatin Khanna: You know the High Court has reserved for order, so I mean, it's a matter of time, I guess. 
Sorry the NCLT Has reserved the order, so it's a matter of time, and you know you will see that for 
both the businesses we will have a separate board and a focus board to drive the growth trajectory of 
these 2 verticals. Of course, Gautam will be the common MD. Given his, you know, vintage and his, 
you know, legacy and experience in the engineering business. but that really what we are trying to do 
through this consolidation.  
when is the listing of aerospace and engineering business expected? So, these businesses are already 
quasi listing through Raymond Limited, because these are the main businesses where Raymond 
Limited will have now, whether we tomorrow list them separately or do any other corporate this thing, 
you know. Let's park that for now we will come back to you at the right time. Okay, sorry. Amit has to 
say something on this. I think you have seen. The group has very clearly demonstrated. 
Amit Agarwal: When the businesses become matured, reach a certain scale and size, they tend to 
stand as a separate listed business. Then at that point of time we list those businesses you saw lifestyle 
we demerged at that same point. We had the capability to demerge also the real estate business. But 
why we did not do was very simple, because it was just operating on the Thane project, and had only 
signed one Jda. At the Nirmal Nagar, and we had not launched. 
Why did we do in July? Because by that time we had launched the Bandra we had already signed 2 
more, 3 more JDAs, so it can, had the possibility to stand on its own basis, had certain liquidity in order 
to fend for themselves. Therefore, it is very, very important as a group philosophy, that the businesses, 
when they become mature and right, have a scale, then you should list, and that is exactly what would 
happen even for these companies. 
Jatin Khanna: the next question is on opportunity in defence expansion, which I think we have already 
addressed. So, I'll skip it. The next one is on, you know the impact of global tariffs, which also, I think 
has been addressed. So, I'll skip that one. 
Yeah, I guess the question that we received from all of you have been responded to. But now we'll 
open the floor for any more questions that you may have. 
Can somebody just move the mics around, please. 
Participant: So, Gautam! Hi! Thank you for a very detailed presentation, and very insightful. You have 
a couple of decades of legacy in this business. My question is, how are you addressing some of the 
potential constraints. Clearly you have the capital, the group, the brand, the technological knowledge. 
Now the issue is now scalability and execution. So, areas like talent, grooming, sourcing, expanding 
the management base. That is one area, and second, is the vendor ecosystem. You talked about raw 
material, which is, you know, the best mills around the world. We're sourcing. But there may be a 
supply chain aspect that you may be dependent on. So, if you could address talent and the ecosystem 
of supply chain. Thanks. 
Gautam Maini: sure, no like, I said. I picked up a little bit on it. But let me expand on the organization 
first.st So basically, we're going to create a structure where we have a team that is very core. And 
that's overseeing both the companies, right? Because it doesn't make sense to add overheads in each 

21 
 
company at this stage, and since I'm looking after both, it makes sense for me to have a corporate 
team. So we have a new CFO in place. He's here, Naveen Sharma, so if you want to meet him, has 
great experience. You can have a chat with him. We have our CHRO. He's not here right now. Again. 
New has a background from Mahindra has joined us. Abhinav. 
He's on board already. We have several other positions that maybe once they join, we'll tell you, but 
there are at least a couple or so we've clearly looked. If there's somebody internal, we've made them 
happen. But if there's not. We've brought from outside, right? The scale and size are really large. And 
I really need a set of people that can take on that level of business. So, we have been very open on 
this. 
We spend a lot of our Saturday Sundays interviewing and hiring people, because those are the days 
on which senior people are available. So, I can tell you. For the last, I would say 6 months. We've 
probably covered almost 90% of every Saturday Sunday goal is to really have a very strong professional 
team to run. While I'm doing that on the organizational front. 
Jatin and team, we are continuously looking for the right board members whom I'm also talking to, 
and we want to really bring people that can add value, you know, and I can tell you and vouch for it 
that the independent directors that we are having and that I'm talking to it's really exciting, because 
these people can really bring some big time value. So, I would say, we'll have a very strong board, very 
strong organization structure. 
But we're also focusing on the bottom end, because, you know, it's not just at the top. The 
organization has to be very solid and middle management plays a very big role. And our problem also 
is that our training is of such a nature that people like to hire from us. 
So, we have to see that I was at a recent Airbus conference about a year ago. I won't say recent. At 
the C 295 launch, you know, to localize the 295, and we are part of that whole business structure as 
well, and I was sitting at dinner at a table with 10 other people. Every one of them was Ex-Maini, all 
trained by us and a lot of them trained by me. So, point I'm saying, is that we are at that cutting edge 
where there's no other company. We think that trains the way we do and because of that we will lose 
people, and therefore our training is extremely robust. So, I say, listen, it doesn't matter to us. We will 
train somebody in the country will benefit, and I'm happy about it. But we will train at the best levels. 
Whoever comes to us. So, we have to focus on that level. And we have to focus on the top set the 
direction and the passion so that covers organization. Your second question was around the supply 
chain. And yeah, so I would say, basically what we've been very used to in the automotive. And thanks 
to our automotive and industrial experience. We actually got our tier 1.5 concept from the fact that 
we built supply chains. So, if you look at, let's say, let's take forging or casting or die casting right. We 
have about 20 sources over the last 20 years. So, we have built supply chains and relationships over a 
period of time as the mining group before we got into this relationship. If you look at it, there's nothing 
we really don't do. We built everything to a car electric car. We've done technology. We've done 
battery swapping. We've done so. There's nothing we haven't done. We built material handling. We 
had powder coating plants which were 18 meters long. So, there's very few processes. Whether it's in 
sheet metal, fabrication, painting, technology, electronics, you know, there's very little that we haven't 
done. We have supply chains across everybody. So, I'm not afraid. Today when we have to say, oh, 
there's a new project that comes your way. It's very easy for us to sit down and say, is this worth doing 
or not? You know, because we have opportunities that will come our way, which are much larger in 
nature, and we'll have an opportunity to take them or not to take them. So, I would say, supply chains 
are very strong. We were the 1st to develop. If I go back to the 1994 s. We were the 1st to supply 
General Motors products for their transmissions in Romulus, in the Us. And at that time a simple grade. 

22 
 
I still remember, like 1144, the simple grade of alloy steel didn't exist in India. We developed that steel 
so many stainless-steel grades didn't exist in India. So, I'm saying, over the last many years we have 
developed so many grades of steel, and we're just going to repeat the same in aerospace. So, we've 
been very strong. Our goal will be to localize material. Yeah, you have some players who are already 
focused on titanium. I don't have to tell you, and I'm working closely with them to buy titanium in 
India. But there are. There are other mills that I'm encouraging. My customers want me to help them 
localize. Right? We're localizing castings. We're localizing forgings. We're going to localize raw 
materials. Just imagine that today, we make 25% EBITDAs, after importing raw material, spending 2 
months on the sea, or 3 months, having 3 months of safety stock paying for all of that, then we add 
value. Then we fly these parts, the logistics cost and everything else, and we still save them. And we 
make 25% EBITDA. So just imagine the story when phase 2 unveils. And we've actually developed all 
these materials in India over the next 2 to 3 to 5, 4 years. Just imagine the margins, the future of the 
aerospace industry. 
Participant: Thank you very much for your detailed thoughts and all the best to the entire team. Thank 
you so much. Thank you. 
Participant: Yeah. Good evening. My questions on Raymond lifestyle, while I see our sales dipped by 
around 4 to 5% in Fy. 25 compared to the year before. Margins also took a hit, and we reason that it 
is because of the slowdown in discretionary spends. How do we see that play out in Fy. 26, with, you 
know, even inflation. Now, slowing down, income tax rate cuts announced in the budget. How do we 
see that? 
Amit Agarwal: I think you have answered yourself. These 2 are big factors automatically, for a 
discretionary spend. People wanted to spend 1st on the food which was taking big share from the 
because of the inflation and everything. Second thing, the inflation has come down. 3rd thing you 
have to also understand. 2425, the 1st half in the summer there were no weddings. Second, there 
were elections, incessant heat, so all that put together people very apprehensive, and the 
consumption Slowdown has been there for last 18 months. So, what has happened is 2 or 3 good 
things have happened in the second half of the year. If you see the secondary sales have picked up, 
seeing very, very clearly. And as we speak today, we have seen very recently that the bookings which 
we do for our fabric business has shown a growth, anything between 1214% compared to the last 
year, and that clearly reflects that the inventory pipeline has dried or has reduced. And now people 
are restocking, and I think that is a very good sign whenever it sees happens that the booking 
increases. 
You know that the pipeline is empty, decent level of stocks. People want to come back, and they are 
anticipating a decent demand. And, as you rightly said, the one lakh crore is not actually the one lakh 
crore. It gives you a trigger to go to a supermarket, to a store to buy, and if you have made one lakh 
of rupee saving. You are not going to spend and spend only one lakh. You may spend 1.2 lakhs also 
and I think it is a trigger required for the individual to go for the consumption, and I think these are 
some of the big factors, plus. 
We believe there is a cycle of Capex which is going to come back from the private side. 
The Government Capex, as to which was supposed to done 11 lakh crores has not happened, so I think 
those things will trigger more and more consumption. 
Participant: Thank you 
 

23 
 
Jatin Khanna: Any other questions. I'm sorry. Good evening. Very nice presentation by you all. My 
question is for Gautam sir. 
Participant: Sir, you have identified defence aerospace as couple of new exciting products where you 
will foray. So, my question is, you already have 20 complex machines already bought. So do you see 
any more, Capex, in terms of executing those new capabilities 
Gautam Maini: with respect to the order, flow in next 5 to 10 years. So let me correct you. The 20 
capex that we have is only for new product development. So, you saw the number. We have 1,500 
machines in aerospace alone. We have more than 180 machines. Our machines, can, you know, take 
a wide spectrum, whether it's milling, turning, grinding, broaching all the different processes, right? 
So, having kept that in mind now, as we go up the value chain, the Capex also gets more expensive, 
and that's where you'll see at a certain point in time where the ratios start to get tight. And that's what 
we're keeping close watch on. So, your aspiration is to make the most complex part, but you must find 
how you can do it with the right Roce, and that's the challenge that we are trying to look at. 
Question ultimately comes down to how much engineering knowledge you can put in with a 
combination of your fixtures, tools, etc. In the end it's going to be down to cycle time. 
Everything in our business converts to ours right standard hours. So, if you have a machine and and 
you can make a product in 20 min versus your competition in 30 min that you make money, and that 
is core engineering, of how you make the part, how you make the tool. How you select the machine. 
What's the capex of that machine? I can make the same part in a Capex which is worth one crore, or 
in a capex which is worth 5 crore. 
Right key is, how do you select that machine? Now? This is where I said. The automotive advantage 
comes into play, right? Because in aerospace people have 5,100 200 machines in automotive, you 
have 1,000 machines we have. I would say there's a very few brands. We haven't tried out Japan, 
Korea, Taiwan. 
Europe. We've tried out brands, we have excel files to tell us what kind of product will fit best. What 
is the costing, and I can tell you the costing can be twice as expensive as you choose the wrong 
machines. So that is the edge we have with our automotive experience, how to choose the machine, 
how to choose the method, how to choose the tools, how to optimize that whole process. And that's 
the key. 
Participant: Am I audible? Yes, yes, so I have 2 questions. 1st is in terms with growth. We have 3 
divisions; one is many and aerospace. Second is ring plus aqua, and 3rd is the file. You have talked 
about 15% growth in the top line and 20% growth in EBITDA for next 5 years. where the growth will 
become among the 3 segments where the actual growth will come. Second question is for Amit sir. 
Now we have long term contracts. And obviously we'll be exporting something to us also, especially, 
and on the long-term contract side, even if the 10% tariff duties are there right now are the clients 
who is paying those duties? I want to understand? And are the clients slowing down, or just wait and 
watch both the question, and if you can clarify it, thank you very much. 
Gautam Maini: Good. So yeah. So, I would say, we have more or less 4 different businesses if you have 
to say right? Even though we have 2 companies, we have the whole tool and hardware Bu, we have 
the traditional bus where we have product driven bus like the sinner Bu, which is making ring the ring 
plus aqua. It's a very differently structured BU, because there you have high volume, few products. 
Right then you have the MPP Auto BU which does horizontal. So, you have many products and 
different volumes and different complexities, and then you have the aerospace business. So, from my 

24 
 
perspective, the aerospace business in the defence business will grow the fastest, but it also has the 
smallest base. So, therefore, in order for it to be at an average, you have to produce a lot more there. 
So, there will be more growth. Typically, in the aerospace, in the automotive and the other sides. We 
have fixed some very tight conditions to get new business, because now we have an option that I could 
invest in aerospace, or I could invest in any of this business. So, we are raising the bar that unless we 
get certain EBITDAs and certain Roc returns will not do the business. I'd rather invest in aerospace, so 
we'll follow where it makes the company much stronger, and where the investment can get me the 
best return. So overall, aerospace and defence will grow faster and will compensate a little bit, but 
this will also help margins grow, because we will only take the cream rather than try and take 
everything in the automotive side. The markets are also very huge there, so it'll bring a great balance 
between top line and margins all to grow together. So that's the strategy. 
Participant: Okay, I think it's a very simple answer. US has to face inflation. 
Amit Agarwal: Nobody. No vendor is going to absorb anything of this nature and say, I will bear, 
because if you do a b 2 b business in general like an automotive, or I'm not talking aerospace where 
you get very high margin or a garment. You don't make this kind of a margin so that you can say I will 
pass on, or I'll share the cost. I think this tariffs, in my opinion, is a way to get people on board for 
discussion. I'm sure you have seen as late as yesterday. 145% has come down for a 90-day period to 
30%. So, if somebody can negotiate so quick in 2 days, 145 to 30%. I think the future of tariffs. You 
and me all know what is going to happen so effectively. I will give you very simple in the us for the 
automotive companies. What they have done is if you are importing up to 15% of your component 
where the duty could be anything, the government has gone out and given a 3.7 5% incentive for the 
year, one going to 2 and a half percent in year 2. So, they also understand that this cannot be passed 
on to the customers, and if it cannot be passed on to the customers, either the Us. Company absorbs 
it because vendors hardly any possibility for them to absorb. 
Jatin Khanna: So, I'll tell you a very interesting example. Sorry just to supplement Amit. 
I was talking to one of our customers about 3 weeks ago. So, he said, a very interesting thing. He said 
that you know when we source garments from India we pay $10 for labor, he said. No way under the 
earth it can be manufactured in us, because it's the same cost is $125. 
So where is the question of, you know, tariffs and stuff like that, and moving business back to us ain't 
going to happen. 
Participant: Thank you very much, sir. I was talking to one of the garmenting companies, and they 
said, some of the customers have slowed down their procurement. Are we facing the same kind of 
Amit Agarwal: yeah. So, in any kind of this turmoil which happens, you will always see people become 
apprehensive. However, the big point is that till 9th of July night you can ship all your goods at a 10% 
reciprocity. So therefore, what is happening is, people are interested, and you would be amazed to 
hear, because we talk to many customers. 
I don't want to name these 2 large retailers in that country have told China you ship out the goods. 
We will keep it at the ports in the Us. Will not custom clear it, because most likely it will take by 9th 
or 10th of July, whatever that it should come down, and if they order at that point of time the supply 
chain will be lost, because today some of the large retailers in the US an offline, largest retailer and an 
online largest retailer depend on the supplies from China to such an extent that they will go practically 
shelves will be empty. So therefore, what they are doing is, they are saying, bring the goods into U.S.A. 
Keep it at the port, and we believe there will be some kind of a supplement. So, I think you will see 

25 
 
some bit. We have seen also 2 of our customers did differ but again, they also know, you know 
countries like us, and all have a very clear season by which the garments will go on for sale, and at that 
point of time it is just not possible to bring it all everything together. So therefore, they keep this. They 
get the inventory will keep it and find a way. And I'm telling you  will see if these continues inflation 
will grow in the US. And people are very scared of that. 
Participant: Thank you very much, sir. Thank you. 
Participant: Hello, thank you for the opportunity. So, I just have 2 questions on the aerospace 
business. So currently that you make you said you make close to 350 parts for the leap engines correct. 
So, what would be the wallet? Share in terms of those 350 parts that you would be having in terms of 
the number of total parts that goes into that engine, and in terms of the capabilities that you have. 
how  big can this wallet share can become going forward in the future. And my second question is 
regarding the leap engines only is that you are currently supplying. Are you currently only supplying 
to the leap engines? Or are there any other engines where you supply to? And going forward, what 
engines you will be adding up there? 
Amit Agarwal: Okay, we. After this, we'll take one more question because we have got another 
meeting tied up today with 2 other people. So, we'll be able to take one more question after. 
Gautam Maini: Yeah. So, on the leap engine, roughly, we have about $35,000 content, right? So that 
every engine that's made. We have $35,000 in it, just to be on an approximate basis. So, it gives you 
some idea of what we have in the last, let's say, 2 years ago, our market share on about 95-part 
numbers went up from 35% to 65%. There's a host of parts of another 17 forged titanium that will go 
up now that has just gone up from April. We're also getting into other contracts where volumes are 
going up. So, on one side we make more parts on the other side, we get more market share. So these 
are the 2 ways in which it can go up, and 3rd is to go up the value chain which we are continuously 
working on. Now, what is the scope? I think the scope is how much we can chew, how much we can 
look at, but definitely a very large scope. Now, whatever we make for the Leap engine, we can 
horizontally deploy on every other engine. So today, I think we are on at least 8 or 9 different engine 
platforms. Leap is the main one. So, I emphasized on it, but we will. The idea for us is to get the volume 
from leap and then we become very competitive on all the other engines, because the volume is really 
on leap. So, it's like, you know, in the Indian Automotive context. If you supplied to Maruti, and then 
you went for the smaller volumes. You already had the technology and the leverage, and then you can 
accommodate higher pricing across other players. And that's what we're going to do is leap has taught 
us massively, and we will leverage that across several engine platforms, because, like I said earlier, 
every engine manufacturer is our customer, so we will grow it and go up the value chain. When we 
started, we were at 5 or $10 items. Then we made 500. We've gone up to $500, then $5,000. So the 
whole idea is, how can you make parts that are highly valuable? And that's what's going to get you 
more and more value as you progress, the more value you get the longer it takes. So, one would ask 
question, how would you balance this? The balance is you continue to make simpler parts, complex 
parts, and very complex parts, because all of them have different timelines. So, the idea is, if you want 
to have a constant growth. You must work on all of the sectors and across the product portfolio. 
Participant: Just a follow up on that. So, you said, in terms of parts edition. So, like. 
Gautam Maini: then what would be the number of parts that you developed last year? And what 
percentage of that would go into commercial production? Or you have received commercial orders 
for that going forward for this year or another year. So, it's a continuous process, like I said, we made 
150 new parts last year. Now we are trying to make one new part every day. So, let's say you make a 

26 
 
part today, and you ship it to the customer depending on. If it's a medium complex or very complex, 
or needs validation, you could have different timelines. But let's look at a medium part that doesn't 
need validation. Probably in one month you get a clearance from the customer, saying, start shipping, 
and then he gives you a shipping schedule. The shipping schedule will be in a way where you slowly 
ramp up because he has to ramp down the other customer so it could the other supplier, so it could 
happen over a 3- 4 month period. But typically, this is something that is happening every day. Every 
day there's a new part every day. There's a new schedule and strategy of how to ramp up that part, 
and that's how we are able to calculate capacity well in advance when we know a part is being shipped. 
We know when the ramp up is. We plan our machines accordingly, like I said, we do a monthly capacity 
plan. Because of that. That's how we are able to ramp up. 
Participant: Thank you. 
Participant: You have the last question. I got them, sir. My question is on the precision side, which is 
wanted to understand where we stand. With respect to our peers. 
Participant: Are we in the space of the tier? One player, like, for example, Sona, or on the tier, 2 side 
like degree, and my second question is, with respect to the margin profiles on the 3 business segments, 
that is, the tools and hardware, the precision, the auto and the aerospace. 
Gautam Maini: Sure. So, I like, I explained to you. We are 1.5. We are in between, right? Because we 
have a large variety of products, right? And to become a tier one. Typically. you have to have massive 
R&D budgets. If you want to be a real tier one. I mean, look at the real big global tier ones. Right? 
They're all $15-20,000,000,000 companies. So even a 1 billion dollars company at a tier. One stage is 
not really in the big play, and therefore, being a tier 1.5, we're very happy with that position, and we 
believe that's the right placement for us to answer that question. The second question was on the 
margin profile. Right? 
So, like I said, aerospace is the highest margin profile, which is 25% automotive with a mix of the Arpal 
strategy and the MPP strategy, we will be in the 17-18%. Mix over a period of time and the tools and 
hardware, we will be in the 1011%. But I think Parag out here, and I have plans of seeing how we can 
improve that. And we gave you a lot of examples about the future. So that's a basic overall margin 
profile that we are looking at. 
Participant: So, can we? Can I have a follow up to that? Do we then see margin improvements for the 
coming year on the overall business? If we take the tools business absolutely. We'll see margin 
improvements in across all the businesses. Yes, thank you. 
Jatin Khanna: That's where the 20% compounding will come from, because the revenue will 
compound at 15%. So, you know, you have to have continuous margin improvement on that note, you 
know.  
Thank you so much for your time. I mean very engaging discussions. Some of us are here, so if you 
have any more questions, you know you can ask over dinner. We have cocktails and dinner. Following 
these conversations, so please join us for that. Thank you so much, and really look forward to a 
spectacular listing tomorrow. 
 
