 
 
 
Greenlam/2025-26 
June 09, 2025 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Fax No. 022-2272-3121/1278/1557/3354 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
BSE Scrip Code: 538979 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Fax No. 022-2659-8237/8238/8347/8348 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
NSE Symbol: GREENLAM 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Call (Group Conference Call) held on June 02, 2025 
to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for Q4 & FY 25. 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
PRAKASH KUMAR BISWAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – LEGAL 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
PRAKASH 
KUMAR 
BISWAL
Digitally signed by 
PRAKASH KUMAR 
BISWAL 
Date: 2025.06.09 
16:55:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Greenlam Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors and readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 02/06/2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SAURABH MITTAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHOK SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SAMARTH AGARWAL – VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE – 
GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Greenlam Industries Limited Q4 and FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saurabh Mittal, Managing Director and CEO. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Greenlam Industries, I would like to extend 
a very warm welcome to all of you joining us today. We are pleased to have you on this call to 
discuss our performance and business update of Q4 FY '25 and FY '25. I'm joined today by our 
CFO, Ashok Sharma; Samarth Agarwal from our finance team; and the SGA team, our Investor 
Relations advisor. 
 
I hope you've had the opportunity to go through our financial results and investor presentation, 
which are available on the stock exchanges as well as our company's website. I'll give you a 
slight update on our business performance for this year and for the quarter. 
 
FY '25, we closed with a top line of INR2,569 crores, showing a growth of about 11% on a year-
on-year basis. We had projected the growth to be about 18%, 20%, but growth really slowed 
down for us in the second half of the year. And this was largely driven by steady performance 
from the laminates business and complemented by addition of new products in our portfolio. 
 
I must also say the growth here was done with complete discipline on pricing. We managed to 
maintain pricing and improve value mix also. The net working capital cycle also reduced by 7 
days in FY '25. Debtors were also down by 1 or 2 days. The profitability was impacted in FY 
'25 and Q4 FY '25, largely on account of increased costs, primarily which is stemming from our 
initiatives on the expansion. 
 
As many of you know, we commissioned 3 new plants in 2 locations, a plywood factory in Tamil 
Nadu, a laminate plant in Andhra Pradesh and a chipboard plant in Andhra Pradesh over the last 
2 FYs. With this, we've nearly capitalized about INR1,300 crores of capital, and this has 
increased our depreciation costs, our interest costs. And we've also seen increase in costs on 
salaries and marketing and sales as we've had to build teams for plywood and for particle board. 
 
That said, this is a strategic investment built for long term. As we ramp up utilization across 
these units over the next 3 years, we see a significant improvement in revenues and profitability. 
With the investments we've already made, we can generate a revenue of about INR4,500 crores 
over the next 3 years. So we don't need more capacities to bring up these revenues, which we 
hope we can achieve over the next 3 to 4 years. 
 
On the segment-wise updates, in laminates, we've done well despite the demand challenges. 
Domestic showed a slight growth. Exports grew reasonably okay. And our sense is we won 
market share on the domestic front as well as the export front, considering the feedback we have 
from the markets. 
 
On the international front, last year, despite -- with our growth, we also had significant 
expansions in new geographies, and we opened offices and companies in Spain, Germany. We 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
expanded our warehouse in Italy. We also added a warehouse in Malaysia. We also added a few 
team members in various parts of Africa. 
 
So significant developments and efforts have been built -- have been made to build more market 
size and more market share, which I think will reflect over the next few years. The veneer 
business, we had a small degrowth last year. In floorings, we turned EBITDA positive in H1, 
but H2 was a bit slow on the flooring business. 
 
In the door business, H2, we did well. We became EBITDA positive in the door business. For 
the full year, although on a small base, the business grew 40% plus. Plywood too, we nearly 
doubled our revenues. So we hit INR120crores (120 crores stated mistakenly actual number is 
122.6 crores)  in FY '25, which is our second year of operation, actually, 1.5 years of operation. 
We've got good feedback from the market in terms of our product quality and secondary 
working, and we're looking at adding a few more states in FY '26. 
 
On the chipboard front, the plant was commissioned successfully in Jan 2025. The plain board 
production has stabilized and most of the machines have been tested to near full capacity. The 
demand environment and dealer response has also been quite encouraging. We're hoping to 
achieve about 30% to 40% utilization in FY '26. 
 
On the way forward, on the capex front, as you are aware, most of the capex we had announced 
have been completed. We have some balancing capex, some pending civil works, finishing 
capex, which still remains, which should be done over FY '26. So really, from a company and 
from a team's perspective, with major expansions behind us, all factories up and running, product 
quality is established in the market. 
 
Our focus is on execution and building revenues now. And clearly, I think FY '26 will be a year 
of execution for our company. With improved revenues and profitability, we also hope that our 
balance sheet will get strengthened over a period of time. Our debt has peaked in FY '25. And 
going forward, we hope to gradually reduce it with improved cash flows. 
 
So that's it from my side, and I'll be happy to take your questions post Ashok's feedback or 
announcements on the financial performance. 
 
I'll hand over the call to Ashok now. Ashok, over to you. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, friends. I'll take you through the financial performance. For the 
quarter 4, on a consolidated basis, net revenue grew by 9.2% on a year-on-year basis and grew 
by 13.2% on a sequential basis to INR682 crores in Q4 FY '25 as compared to INR624 crores in 
Q4 last year. 
 
Gross margin degrew by 230 basis points to 50.7% in Q4 from 53% in Q4 last year. On a 
sequential basis, gross margin degrew by 430 basis points. Gross margin in absolute term grew 
by 4.5% to INR346 crores as compared to INR331 crores quarter 4 last year. 
 
EBITDA margin was down by 400 basis points at 9.4% in this -- in quarter 4 as compared to 
13.4% in quarter 4 last year. On a sequential basis, EBITDA margin degrew by 120 basis points. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
EBITDA in absolute term degrew by 23% to INR64 crores as compared to INR83.5 crores in 
Q4 last year. 
 
This is due to lower gross profit and higher operating cost of chipboard, which we have started 
towards the end of June this year -- sorry, towards the end of January this year.  
                                                Net profit for the quarter stood at INR1.5 crores as against INR40.8 crores in Q4 last year, mainly 
on account of interest and depreciation of chipboard and lower EBITDA margin. 
 
I'll move on to the FY '25. Consolidated net revenue for the FY '25 grew by 11.4% and stood at 
INR2,569 crores in comparison to INR2,306 crores in FY '24. Gross margin was down by 50 
basis points to 52.3 crores -- 52.3% in FY '25 from 52.8% in FY '24. Gross margin in absolute 
term grew by 10.2% and stood at INR1,343 crores as compared to INR1,219 crores in FY '24. 
 
EBITDA margin was down by 210 basis points at 10.7% in FY '25 from 12.8% in FY '24. 
EBITDA in absolute term also degrew by 6.8% to INR275 crores as compared to INR295 crores 
in FY '24. Net profit was down by 50% to INR68.3 crores as against INR138 crores in last year. 
 
Moving on to segmental performance.  
                                                Laminate revenue grew by 7.2% on a year-on-year basis and grew by 10.7% sequentially to 
INR575 crores in Q4 from INR537 crores in Q4 last year. Domestic laminate revenue grew by 
2.6% on a year-on-year basis and grew by 7% on a sequentially basis in value terms. 
 
International laminate revenue grew by 11.7% on a year-on-year basis and by 13.9% on a 
sequential basis in value terms. EBITDA margin stood at 13.7%, a degrowth of 290 basis points 
on a year-on-year basis and growth of 50 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Production volume for laminate was at 4.43 million sheets with a utilization level of 72% in this 
quarter.  
                                                Sales volume for the quarter was 4.93 million sheets, a degrowth of 5.7% on year-on-year basis. 
Our average realization for the quarter was INR1,113 per sheet, up by 13% on a year-on-year 
basis and 6% on sequential basis. 
 
Moving on to the annual performance of laminates. Revenue grew by 9.2% basis to INR2,226 
crores in FY '25 from INR2,040 crores in FY '24. Domestic laminate revenue grew by 4% in 
value terms. International laminate revenue grew by 14.2% in value terms. EBITDA margin 
stood at 13.9%, a degrowth of 210 basis points from last year. 
 
Production volume were at 19.99 million sheets with a utilization level of 82%.  
                                               Sales volume for this year stood at 19.74 million sheets with volume growth of 4.1%. Our average 
realization for this year was INR1,085 per sheet. 
 
Now I'll move on to another segment, veneer and allied segment, which comprises decorative 
veneer, engineered floors and engineered doors.  

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
                                                First, in the decorative veneer business degrew by 4.4% on a year-on-year basis and however, it 
grew by 33.8% on a sequential basis to INR35.2 crores in this quarter from INR36.8 crores in 
Q4 last year. Revenue on an annualized basis, on an annual basis grew by -- degrew by 9.6% to 
INR114 crores from INR126 crores in FY '24. 
 
Sales volume for this quarter stood at 0.4 million square meters and 1.22 million square meters 
for the full year. Capacity utilization for the quarter 4 stood at 40% and for the FY '25 stood at 
31%. Average realization for quarter 4 was INR869 per square meter and for the full year was 
INR919 per square meter. 
 
Moving on to engineered wood flooring.  
                                                Revenue for the Q4 degrew by 9.5% on a year-on-year basis and degrew by 14.6% on a 
sequential basis to INR12.9 crores as against INR14.3 crores in Q4 last year. Revenue for the 
full year grew by 8.6% and stood at INR55.6 crores as against INR51.2 crores in FY '24. 
Capacity utilization stood at 12% in this quarter and 13% for the year as a whole. 
 
Moving on to engineered doors. Revenue for the quarter 4 grew by 46.5% on a year-on-year 
basis and grew by 39.1% on a sequential basis and stood at INR14.2 crores as against INR9.9 
crores in quarter 4 last year. Revenue for the year grew by 44% to INR46.1 crores as against 
INR32 crores last year. Capacity utilization for the quarter 4 was at 27% and for the year, it was 
25%. 
 
Moving on to another segment, plywood and allied segment.  
                                                Revenue of plywood business grew by 46.9% on quarter-on-quarter and grew by 26.8% on a 
sequential basis to INR38.6 crores as against INR26.3 crores in quarter 4 last year. Revenue of 
plywood for the full year was INR123 crores, grew by 112% as against INR57.9 crores in FY 
'24. 
 
Sales volume for the quarter stood at 1.51 million square meter and 4.83 million square meters 
for the full year. Capacity utilization for the quarter stood at 31% and for the whole year was at 
26%. Revenue realization for this quarter was INR250 per square meter. And for the full year, 
it was INR249 per square meter. 
 
Moving on to the newest segment, chipboard and allied segment, which was started towards the 
end of January '25. So revenue in this quarter stood at INR5.1 crores. Sales volume for the 
quarter stood at 2,395 cubic meter. Production volume was higher, 12,979 cubic meters with a 
capacity utilization of 24% on an annualized basis. Average realization for the quarter stood at 
INR21,151 per cubic meter. 
 
In the current quarter, working capital cycle improved by 12 days to 55 days as compared to 57 
days (57 days stated mistakenly actual number is 67 days) in quarter 3 this year.  
                                                Net debt as on March 31 stood at INR989 crores as against INR1,012 crores in Q3 this year. 
Board has declared a final dividend of 40%, that is INR0.40 per share for a face value of INR1 
each. 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
That's all from my side. Now I would like to open the floor for the question and answer. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Firstly, what is the reason for 450 bps dip in gross margin for laminate segment? Is it change in 
mix? Or is it a cost increase? How should we read it? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Keshav, it is a mix of price in some segments. And if you can -- if you see in this quarter, there 
is a lot of I will say the stock has been stock a lot of -- our sales was more than the production. 
So a lot of material was consumed from the stock. So that is also one of the reasons in terms of 
which the gross margin was slightly lower. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Sir, can you give us a sense about the raw material cost, Kraft paper and decor 
paper, how is it in the market in Q4 and in April and May? 
Ashok Sharma: 
We will share with you. So it is mostly the stable. But as of now, I'll share with you. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Got it. Now coming on the particle board business side. So we have anticipated 
INR875 crores capex for this business. Is the capex amount increased or decreased? And how 
much we have already incurred? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So it will be in that same range as far as also mentioned that still some of the work is going on. 
So we have incurred close to around INR775-odd crores in the last year and some of the work 
is going on, but it will be within the INR875 crores. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. And what sort of ramp-up you are planning and margins in FY '26 and FY '27... 
Ashok Sharma: 
So ramp-up since this will be the first year, even though our intention is to do maximum and do 
the breakeven in this year. But seeing the current scenario and the large capacity which we have 
created, we presume this year, the breakeven may not happen in the particle board. And in next 
year, the particle board breakeven should happen. 
 
So around 35%, 40% maybe may reach the capacity utilization in this year, which will be slowly 
ramped up into the next year and going and after that. We have -- earlier also, we have told that 
in third -- after the completion of 3 years or in the fourth year, we should reach the optimum 
level of the capacity utilization. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. normally, the company used to guide optimum utilization, the margin would be 24%. But 
looking at how the particle board industry have changed in the last few quarters, in fact, your 
peer who has a small particle board business is making a 5% margin, and he is guiding 15% kind 
of a margin in a steady state of business level. So you think 24% now looks sort of unachievable, 
which amounts to relook at the number? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So it really depends, Keshav, on the raw material cost and the product mix and the kind of 
equipment you have, which determines your cost of production, your consumption of power, 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
your wastage of materials. So I think if you -- if you talk about a 3-year time frame, traditionally, 
this has happened in the industry. 
 
If RM costs are extremely high, then obviously, in that year and that quarter, we probably will 
have pressure. So I'm not so sure how this will pan out. But clearly, as far as we are concerned, 
the product quality feedback is very good from the market. Our plain board production has 
stabilized very well, and we are moving in a certain direction. So hard to give a figure at this 
moment. I think it will probably be some more time before we can kind of recalibrate this and 
come back with a figure. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. Got it. And laminates margin guidance for this year? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Margin guidance  
Ashok Sharma: 
 So laminate, the last year also, we have achieved around 13.9%, 14% of the margin in terms of 
that. We believe that it should be in the range of close to around 14%, 15%. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. One last question from my side. Particle board -- sorry, ply we are expecting breakeven 
in which quarter of this year? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So ply, my sense is to -- for the full year basis, we probably will be very close to breakeven. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, last time we had breakeven in the floors business. And this time, 
we are seeing that into the doors business, while floors has gone back to loss-making business, 
what is happening with these niche segments like engineered floors, doors? What's the progress 
are we seeing in these businesses? And is there any strategy of turnaround that we have come 
up with? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So we are like -- it's a strategy we are already working on. So floors, like I said earlier, in the 
second half of the year, the market kind of slowed down and we had less business. And doors, 
we have a good backlog of orders as we talk. So I think we look pretty okay on the door business. 
So from a strategic point, I think it's just execution, and we are at it. So obviously, on an 
annualized basis, the losses in this vertical has reduced. And nothing specific actually. We're on 
a routine business here. 
Sneha Talreja: 
And second part is on the particle board side. What are the reasons for delaying the breakeven 
side? If I heard it correctly, you have said that this year, of course, there won't be any breakeven 
utilization rates of about 30%, 40-odd percent. But next year, now we'll be looking to close to 
breakeven, which I believe is a slightly delayed breakeven versus our initial commentary. So 
what are the reasons here? And is there any BIS on particle board as well, which has come up? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So we said -- I'm not sure if we didn't speak clearly or you misunderstood. So we said this year, 
breakeven seems hard. We are looking at a 30%, 40% kind of utilization for this year. The way 
we see things now, I think next year, FY '27, we should be able to breakeven. And obviously, 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
profitability will come on a full capacity, which probably will happen over a 3, 4 year period. I 
think this is what we said. I hope we are clear on that. 
 
And Ashok, do you want to add something. 
Ashok Sharma: 
On the BIS part, yes, so QCO has got implemented in the particle board business also. 
Sneha Talreja: 
And despite that, we expect a slow ramp-up of this year at about 30% to 40% utilization and 
breakeven going up to next year is what I wanted to understand -- because our initial thought 
was that... 
Saurabh Mittal: 
No, we're not seeing slow ramp-up. On a full capacity, the chipboard plant can be like a INR720 
crores, INR750 crores kind of a run rate. And even at a 30%, 40% utilization means you're 
talking of what INR240, 250 crores kind of a revenue. And if you see the players in the market 
already, I'm not sure if anybody is at that figure in the industry as one company. 
 
So I wouldn't say slowly because the sales have started in the month of March. So it's like 1 full 
year. So -- and because the model is all largely laminated boards and not plain boards, although 
we'll be selling plain boards also in the initial period. So it may not be right to say slow, but 
anyway, it is what it is, Sneha. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood, sir. And just wanted to get a sense on the raw material pricing for particle boards. 
How is it at this point of time with respect to timber pricing? And how do you expect going 
forward? Will that be another lever for you to improve your margins? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So currently, whatever we're talking to you all is on the costs we have for, let's say, Q1. What 
we know is that there has been a bit of a softening on the wood costs, and that might impact us 
in Q2. But we still want to have a full year of operation to see if there are any impacts of 
seasonality and how costs kind of move. But yes, we don't expect cost to go up. The feedback is 
that costs are gradually coming down. That's the feedback. 
Sneha Talreja: 
And lastly, if I may, on the realization front, this particular quarter, we have seen a sharp 
improvement in realization, especially on the export side. Is that related to the freight rates going 
up? If that's the case, when do we see those freight rates normalizing? And is that also impacting 
sales in any manner? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So that's not reflective of freight rates despite our volumes coming down, it's also the mix of 
orders, and we also opened a larger warehouse in Italy. So there are some European sales there. 
So it's just value mix improvement. It's not related to freight costs going up. Freight costs are 
not going up as we see things now. It's gradually softening unless there's a specific route or 
something of that sort. But in general, we are not seeing freight costs going up in our export 
business. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from Ithought PMS. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the production cost differential between India, USA and Europe for 
laminates? 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Saurabh Mittal: 
I don't think we'll be able to provide that at this call. I think it's a conversation you'd have to see 
a later point. I don't know if they can also provide -- they can only give you a general feedback 
on how costs are in these various geographies you asked. But I'd appreciate if we have this 
conversation offline with our team, please. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
Yes. Sure, sir. But any general feedback that you could provide? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So in general, like obviously, people costs are higher, energy costs are higher there. Paper costs, 
maybe similar decor paper costs, Kraft paper, we believe there's a little bit of a difficulty 
obtaining the right quantity of Kraft paper in many of these markets, many Kraft paper producers 
have moved to the packaging business. 
 
So clearly, production costs will be higher. How much higher, I can't quantify at the moment. 
But generally, cost of production in the laminate space will be higher in Europe and US because 
until now, the industry has only been able to do so much automation. So unlike the chipboard 
and MDF business where automation, wood costs are different in India and those geographies. 
And laminates, the cost of production is higher in Europe and America. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
Got it, sir. Sir, in global laminates market, apart from India, which countries are like serious 
threat in terms of quality and the prices that Indian players can match in the global market? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So in the international markets, our competition is with the regional producers in those 
geographies. So there are producers in America, in Europe, in Southeast Asia. So it's with the 
local producers there. The Chinese producers are also present in the market, but their presence 
is mostly in the lower end of the market. 
 
So I think from a product perspective, I think we, as Greenlam Industries and in general, Indian 
producers stand in a very good position for the quality they offer, for the certifications they have 
and at the price point they offer. So if you see at that point, are there many comparable regions 
or countries, the answer would be no. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Just a couple of questions. One is on the domestic laminates. So overall, going ahead, how do 
you see your laminates volume growing? And if you could split it into exports and domestic? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. So this year, the overall laminate value goes up by 4% and export was 14%. And in terms 
of quantity value, it was like 2.8% growth in domestic and 5.8% in export. Overall growth was 
4% growth in the volume terms. 
 
Going forward, we believe that this should be better in this year because in the last year, as 
Saurabh has also mentioned, especially H2, as to the growth was slowed down, which we believe 
that in this year, we will see a better growth in comparison to previous year. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Understood. So it will be more export driven or domestic? 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Saurabh Mittal: 
It will both -- we believe it should be both. Both segments should grow. Last year, the export 
growth was slightly -- it was better than the domestic, but we believe in this year, both segments 
should grow. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Understood, sir. And lastly, if you could let us know that if this is a peak debt, then what kind 
of a debt reduction we should expect in, say, coming 2 years? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So if you see in this year, there is still some more amount of capex spending on account of 
project. So debt reduction in this year may not be very -- may not be to a large extent, but we're 
hopeful that in next year -- from next year onwards, when the -- most of the capex is being done, 
so the entire cash will be used to bring down the debt. So this year, we are expecting in the range 
of around INR950-odd crores the debt. However, from next year onwards, it should keep coming 
down. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, two bits of questions. First is, if you could indicate some pricing trends, specifically for 
decor paper and Kraft paper. Is there any incremental cost inflation that we are looking at in 
forthcoming quarters? That's the first question. 
Ashok Sharma: 
So in terms of decor paper, we are not expecting any price hike in the foreign currency terms. 
Obviously, whatever changes happening in dollar or euro that may be reflected on the cost. In 
terms of Kraft paper, we use various grades of Kraft paper. So these prices are a bit fluctuating. 
It goes up and it come down also, but nothing specific is expected in this quarter. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, my second question was on distribution. Just wanted to understand, I think there's a 
lot of local competition, which is actually coming up in laminates. Our distribution has been like 
pretty robust historically. To what I pick up last, we have like 17 RDCs, which are there. Has 
there been any changes over here? Anything on the distribution side, if you can speak about, 
say, fill rate, --that would be quite great? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So there haven't been changes, and we don't have 17 RDCs. We have 10 -- 12 RDCs, if I 
remember right away. So there haven't been much changes on the RDCs front. But clearly, our 
reach in the market has increased across Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, number of counters. So I think 
that's clearly happening. 
 
Now as you know, we have products across price points, starting from the liner category to the 
mid-price to 1 millimeter. We also have premium of 1 millimeter of 1.25, 1.5. So I think the 
distribution -- the expansion of the distribution and strengthening of the network is a continuous 
process. So I think that's going on. So no major changes on the RDCs front, but the secondary 
push is continuous. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, would you like to give some data points on how many distributors, dealers that we have? 
And if you have any targets in place, how should we look at this number, say, over the next 2 
years? 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So we cannot give you a data point at the moment on what the target will be in the next 2 years. 
So I think that's something we cannot give, but we can share separately on how many distributors 
we have. And we already like mentioned publicly to 30,000 dealers, retailers, distributors. But 
very specifically, where will the reach happen in 2 years. So obviously, we have internal targets, 
but we'll not be able to share that, please. 
Ritesh Shah: 
No worries. And sir, just last question. I think have we already implemented SFA in DMS? Was 
it done sometime this year? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So we implemented DMS about, if I remember clearly, 3 years ago. And SFA has also been 
there for what, 3 years maybe? 3, 4 years only. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. So the benefits of that is already there. We are already reaping the benefits. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Well, it's still work in progress, to be honest, yes. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. But would it be possible for you to comment on whether it has been launched on a pan-
India basis? Or is it only in certain regions that has been implemented? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
It's on the pan-India basis. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bhavin Rupani from Investec. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
My first question is related to particle board. Sir, at what utilization we expect the plant to 
breakeven? 
Ashok Sharma: 
So Bhavin, it is depending upon the product mix in between -- near about 45%. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
So somewhere in Q1 next year is what we're expecting? Is that right understanding, sir? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes, should be in the next year. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Got it. Also, new plant of one of our competitor is expected to be commissioned in South India 
soon. So do we expect this should lead to some demand-supply imbalance for chipboard raw 
material and hence, should impact the prices going ahead? What is your sense on that, sir? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
I won't say much on it. But clearly, if one more capacity does come up, there would be more 
competition in the market. Would it impact raw material costs or not? I'm not so sure on that yet. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Sir, next is on plywood. As you have specified earlier, we are chasing more of premium over 
mid and mass category, and that is the reason why our utilizations are very, very low since last 
2 years. So I just wanted to understand at what point in time we decide or we even think of going 
into mid and mass category? Is there any situation where you think, no, now I will move to mass 
and we won't be focusing more on premium? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So currently, as you saw last year, we've doubled our revenues in about 1.5 years of operations, 
1 year 9 months to be more precise. That's INR120 crores. And now we're adding a few more 
states. So just to be clear, we haven't even gone pan-India as yet on the segment we are present 

 
Greenlam Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
in. So this year, we're adding more states. And then we still have several more states yet to be 
added to the premium category. 
 
So I think currently, as I see things now, I'm not sure that we'll be even going to a mass segment, 
at least for the next 2-odd years or 2, 3 years. I think we have enough room in the space we are 
in, and we are gradually settling our distribution network and building in more secondary sales 
and building more demand in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Dear friends, thank you for your time. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Greenlam Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
