 
 
02nd June, 2025 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544320 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CARRARO  
 
Sub.: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, 28th May, 2025 in 
respect of the Company’s Audited Financial Results for quarter and financial year 
ended 31st March, 2025.  
 
Ref.: 
1. Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”); 
2. Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated 29th April, 2025 (Earnings Call 
Intimation”); and 
3. Intimation of Audio recording of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, 28th 
May, 2025 dated 28th May, 2025 (“Audio Recording Submission”). 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to above-referred Listing Regulations and in continuation to Earnings Call Intimation and 
Audio Recording Submission, we are pleased to submit transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on Wednesday, 28th May, 2025 in respect of the Company’s Audited Financial Results for quarter and 
financial year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
The transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.carraroindia.com/investors/investor-information/announcements-and-notices.  
 
You are requested to take this intimation on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Carraro India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nakul Shivaji Patil 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A39990 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Digitally signed by Nakul Shivajirao Patil
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=4079, OID.2.5.4.65=
714540752603480a9efe98348c806d1a, Phone=
1fb3bd24d8179a8bdfbc429185cd07fd986a5798b54
1226129641c6cbf9d7a5f, PostalCode=431002, S=
Maharashtra, SERIALNUMBER=
062047731a524973c558db3644217f1833721407c9
c2301259ecc7cd18b785fc, CN=Nakul Shivajirao 
Patil
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2025.06.02 13:59:18+05'30'
Foxit PDF Reader Version: 12.1.1
Nakul 
Shivajirao 
Patil

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Carraro India Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
Stock Exchanges on 28th May, 2025 shall prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. BALAJI GOPALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CARRARO INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. DAVIDE GROSSI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CARRARO INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. SUDHENDRA MANNIKAR – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – CARRARO 
INDIA LIMITED  
MR. ASHOK RAI – DIRECTOR OF SALES – CARRARO 
INDIA LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Carraro India Limited Q4 and FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Balaji Gopalan, Managing Director of Carraro India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Gopalan. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Thank you very much. A very good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us for Carraro 
India Limited Q4 and Full Year Financial Year ‘25 Earnings Call. I am Balaji Gopalan, 
Managing Director and it is my pleasure to welcome all of you especially as we close out our 
first full fiscal year post IPO.  
This is a defining milestone in Carraro India’s journey. I am joined today by Mr. Davide Grossi, 
our CFO and whole-time Director, our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sudhendra Mannikar, Mr. 
Ashok Rai, our Director Sales, along with other members of the leadership team and Strategic 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relation partners. I would first start with something which is 
very positive and we look at the dividend today. 
At the outset, I am pleased to share that the Board has recommended a final dividend of INR4.55 
per equity share of INR10 face value for financial year 2025 subject to shareholder approval. 
This marks our first dividend post listing, a significant milestone that reflects our commitment 
to create shareholder value while ensuring sustainable and profitable growth.  
Looking ahead, we continue to prioritize strategic growth and capex initiatives. We remain 
focused on maintaining a prudent and consistent dividend policy in alignment with our long-
term capital allocation framework. Coming to financial year 2025 performance highlights, it has 
been a year of strategic execution, resilience and laying the foundation for accelerated growth.  
We are very pleased to report that we have successfully met our top-line and EBITDA guidance 
despite operating in a challenging macro environment, particularly with global softness in export 
markets and muted demand in some segments during the election phase in India. While the total 
income for the year was relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. 
We achieved a 24% year-on-year growth in EBITDA with the same revenue of previous year, 
underscoring the strength of our business model, operational efficiencies and the ongoing benefit 
of product mix optimization. On the margin front, ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to share 
that we exceeded our guidance of 10% EBITDA margin, delivering a full-year margin of 10.2% 
up 192 basis points from the previous year, with a PAT at plus 29% from (Errata: Actual number 
to be read as 41%) INR62 crores last year to INR88 crores this year.  
This margin expansion was driven by a stronger contribution from our high-value four-wheel 
drive product portfolio, increased localization which reached 77% up from 67% about four or 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
five years ago, tighter control on costs and supplier collaboration, early traction from high-
margin segments like engineering services. Our domestic business, excluding indirect exports, 
continued to gain momentum driven by consistent demand in the agriculture and construction 
equipment sectors. 
OEM partnerships continue to strengthen as customers increasingly rely on Carraro for 
integrated technology-driven solutions. We continue to see long-term growth potential in our 
export segment, supported by recent new business wins despite ongoing global uncertainties. In 
the near term, however, export performance has remained under pressure, primarily due to 
macroeconomic headwinds and cyclical softness in key developed markets such as Europe and 
the United States.  
Importantly, this softness is entirely demand-led. We have not lost a single customer or contract, 
underscoring the strength of our relationship and competitiveness. While the timing of recovery 
remains uncertain, we are actively engaged with global OEMs and are well positioned to ramp 
up as the demand normalizes. 
Let me walk you through some of the key strategic highlights for financial year 2025. In 
construction equipment segment, the teleboom handler recorded our first export shipment in Q4 
of financial year 25. Though volumes were modest, this represents a strategic entry into a high-
potential export segment.  
Domestically also we secured two projects with local customers for the teleboom handler axle 
platform. Backhoe loaders – business remained stable across both domestic and export markets. 
We mitigated export softness by securing a new series order from an existing customer, 
dispatches of which began in April this year.  
Additionally, one of our local OEMs secured a back-to-back supply agreement with a global 
player, supporting future volumes for Carraro India. Coming to agriculture equipment, we go to 
four-wheel drive axles and gears. Domestic growth continued driven by wider four-wheel drive 
absorption. 
However, our gear business saw a slight dip in the last two quarters and is expected to remain 
stable with limited near-term growth. High-horsepower transmissions beyond 100 horsepower, 
we successfully developed and piloted a new prototype for export customers. Series production 
is scheduled to begin in Q2FY26.  
We have also won projects with two tractor OEMs, one for export, one for domestic, for more 
than 105 horsepower transmissions with production starting in financial year 26-27 and 27-28 
respectively. Encouragingly, we are seeing rising interest in this category of high-horsepower 
transmissions from Indian OEMs as well. Engineering services business is witnessing a growing 
number of enquiries for higher horsepower and advanced technology configurations.  
Some of these are currently under active negotiation. We expect this business to contribute some 
revenue in FY26 as well as we got it in the past. Customer addition- We added six new customers 
during 2025, including two very recently in Q4. Out of these customers, two are in the domestic 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
construction equipment segment for axles and transmissions and one for electric tractor 
transmissions.  
Export business- Overall, demand remains muted, particularly in the agriculture segment. While 
near-term recovery is not evident, we are proactively engaging with customers to be ready when 
volumes improve, probably during the last quarter of the year. Capex - In FY2025, our total 
capital expenditures stood at INR515 million.  
This investment was primarily directed towards supporting new product introductions, including 
the launch of a new axle line for telescopic boom handlers and a high-performance transmission 
range tailored for agriculture applications, both aimed at enabling incremental capacity to 
support our FY2026 sales.  
Additionally, we allocated capex towards process upgrades and maintenance in our plant to drive 
efficiency improvements and integrate state-of-the-art technology across all our operations. 
Product development - We developed nine prototypes during the year, with five moving into 
production. For us, prototype is a bellwether for future revenue because we develop prototypes 
only when we get a concrete order or contract signed with the OEMs.  
Nine prototypes is an indication of how inorganically we will grow in future. This reflects our 
strong focus on technology-driven product development and deep customer engagement. While 
revenue conversion from these efforts takes time for a period from two to three years, they form 
a critical part of our market seeding and long-term customer stickiness strategy.  
Recognition and Customer Trust - We are very happy to share that we were honoured with 
multiple customer awards during this year, including recognitions from Mahindra and Mahindra, 
Caterpillar and Escorts Kubota. These are proud moments that reflect our relentless focus on 
quality and delivery excellence.  
In particular, I am very delighted to share that in April 2025, Bull Machines awarded us the Best 
Supplier Award for Strategic Excellence. This reflects not only our operational strength, but also 
the deep trust we have built with customers who view us as strategic technology partners and 
not just as suppliers or vendors. I will now move briefly to the FY26 outlook.  
Looking forward to FY26, we expect top-line growth in the range of 8% to 12%, so we are surely 
going to add revenue in the current financial year. We are targeting continued progress towards 
our medium-term goal of increasing EBITDA margins by at least 1% year-on-year for the next 
three years, building on our financial year 2025 margin EBITDA of 10.2%.  
So, we are looking at growing 1% EBITDA. We will add 1% EBITDA hopefully year-on-year 
for the next three years. Margin delivery may fluctuate quarterly due to product mix, but we urge 
all our stakeholders to kindly focus on full-year profitability. Key levers such as localization, 
operating leverage, value-added product contribution to the product mix remain central to our 
strategy.  
Growth drivers in financial year 2026. Stronger domestic demand across agriculture and 
construction sectors. We see a ramp-up in teleboom handler axle volumes. Revenue contribution 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
from engineering services seems to be very much on the finalization of the contracts. Enhanced 
localization targeting around 86% to 88% over the three years. These are directions that were 
taken as strategy one year ago. 
And we realized that our strategy that we took on, the journey that we took on is giving us results 
that were anticipated by us and hence we are continuing the same strategy for the next year as 
well. We are also enhancing operating leverage through productivity improvements in our 
operations.  
As part of a recently signed wage agreement with our labor union, we have secured a 
commitment to an increase of 20% in our labor efficiency enabling us to support margin 
expansion without adding to our headcount. In conclusion, ladies and gentlemen, Carraro India 
is well positioned for sustained profitable growth built on the pillars of technology, leadership, 
OEM trust, deep localization and customer-centric innovation.  
Our pipeline is robust, our foundations are strong and our confidence in our strategic direction 
has never been higher. With that, I now invite Mr. Davide Grossi, our Whole-Time Director and 
CFO, to walk you through our financial performance. Davide Grossi. 
Davide Grossi: 
Thank you, Balaji and good morning to everyone. Let me take you through our financials for the 
quarter 4 and the full year 2025. I will quickly walk you through and then we will leave some 
space, of course, for your questions. Starting with Q4 2025, our total income stood at INR4,479 
million, INR448 crores, up by 13% on a year-on-year basis.  
Our EBITDA was INR489 million with an EBITDA margin of 10.9%. Our profit after tax for 
the quarter came at INR237 million. When we look at the full year FY2025, we recorded a total 
income of INR18,234 million, approximately EUR200 million. We registered an EBITDA of 
INR1,864 million, INR186 crores, up by 24% compared to the last year.  
The EBITDA margin, as already mentioned by Mr. Balaji was at 10.2%, up from the 8.3% of 
the last year, with a 24% increase year-on-year. Our profit after tax was at INR881 million, 
INR88 crores, from the INR62 crores of financial year 2024. Segment-wise revenue for FY2025 
are as follows.  
In agriculture vehicle segment, we recorded INR8,565 million, contributing 47% of our total 
revenues. The construction vehicle segment registered revenues for INR7,491 million 
contributing 41% of our total top line. The other segment, which includes gears, spare parts and 
other tools, reported INR2,019 million of revenues, contributing at around 11% on the total 
revenues.  
When we look at the split by geography, our domestic sales were INR12,155 million, 
contributing for 67% of the total top line, while the export segment with INR5,921 million, 
contributed 32.8% of our top line. As you can see, we maintained a healthy balance sheet 
throughout the year, ensuring sufficient liquidity to support operations and strategic investments. 
Capex was directed towards product development, capacity enhancement and process 
automation.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Looking ahead to FY 2026, we expect improvement across key financial metrics, supported by 
higher value product sales, engineering service growth and localization gains. This is all from 
my side. Balaji, back to you. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Thank you, Davide. I will just take 30 seconds to summarize, after which we will have the 
question and answer session. To summarize, financial year 2025 was a year of consolidation and 
margin recovery. Financial year 2026 will be a year of acceleration across core, new and 
emerging segments.  
We remain focused on our long-term roadmap of reaching EUR350 million in revenue and 
enhancing our EBITDA by 1% each year in the medium term. We deeply value the continued 
support of our investors, customers and partners. Thank you for your trust and for joining us on 
this journey. We now welcome your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Raghunandhan with Nuvama Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Congratulations, Balaji sir and Davide for strong margin 
performance for both Q4 and FY25. A few questions. Firstly, the outlook for domestic tractor 
industry is positive for FY26. How do you see the underlying industry growth, especially for 
four-wheel drive tractors? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Good morning, Mr. Raghu. Thank you for the question. It is a very valid question. You have 
rightly touched the point that the four-wheel drive market has been the strategy for growth of 
Carraro in India. This is the field that we entered just about four years ago and we have been 
capturing significant market in the four-wheel drive segment.  
And we are still continuing to acquire more business and grow, but what is relevant and 
important is to understand that the absorption of four-wheel drive technology in the Indian 
tractor industry four or five years ago was just in the range of 1% to 2% of the total tractors 
being sold in India. One year back or one and a half years back, it had reached around 14% to 
15%. 
And I am very happy to share that it has already reached close to 20% in this financial year and 
it is very important that the global four-wheel drive tractor market stands in developed countries 
at 99%. So we are at a nascent stage. Carraro’s strength in technology is in four-wheel drive 
axles and that segment is growing and you have seen it has grown beyond what we had 
estimated.  
During our earlier calls and during the roadshow, we were estimating it to become around 17%, 
17.5%, but it has grown much faster. This is very normal when it comes to any new technology 
absorption in the market. So the initial seeding takes a little bit of time, but when the threshold 
reaches, then it just shoots up the absorption. 
So we are hoping for it to reach about 40%, 45% in the next two to three years, which will all 
be a favorable direction for Carraro in India. Have I answered your question? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Yes sir. Thank you very much. That provides a very optimistic outlook. Sir secondly, the 
company started small supply for teleboom handler in Q4. How do you see the ramp-up in FY26 
and FY27? Also, would this order have higher margins compared to the blended level of margin 
of the company? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
See teleboom handler is at a nascent stage in India. It is occupying no more than 1% of the total 
construction market industry at the moment and it is inching forward. So it is at the infancy 
stage. All other similar vehicles and technology which already entered India in the last five years, 
initially were 1%. Today, they are at about 8% to 9%.  
So we are expecting teleboom handler also to grow in the similar direction, but we have a big 
advantage that the initial small step that we took has turned out to be very significant because of 
one global customer who is one of the largest players in this world. We have been able to secure 
that order that we had spoken in the past.  
And I am very happy to share that the OEM is pushing us to ramp up much faster than what they 
estimated because the product that they launched with our axles has been very well received by 
their global final customers. For that reason, the ramp-up is growing and we are in a position 
where we will be required to do a plant expansion to cater to their requirements in the next one 
to two years.  
So we will be able to manage with our improvement in efficiencies. We are trying to keep our 
fixed costs the same, not investing too much and maximizing the capacity that we have. So that 
is bringing in the operational efficiencies, plant efficiencies, is helping us in ramping up the new 
volumes that are being demanded. But very soon, in about six to nine months, we would be in a 
position where we have to do the ground-breaking ceremony for expansion of our plant.  
And we will do it keeping in mind the ramp-up. So it will be done in at least three steps. The 
expansion, which we are expecting ultimately to be around 25,000 square meters, which is 
around 2.5 lakh square feet, will be the extra expansion for these kind of axles, but in a phased 
manner so that we don't have to put in all the investment in one go.  
Coming to the margins that you had asked about, I will rope in Mr. Davide Grossi to give you 
insight.  
Davide Grossi: 
Yes, good morning. So when we talk about margins for teleboom handler, we can say that the 
current set of orders that we have will be in the midterm, accretive in terms of margins, compared 
to the average of our portfolio. However, in the very short term, you will not be able to appreciate 
that because whenever we introduce a new product, there are a number of efficiencies that we 
need to develop in terms, of course, quantities that need to be produced.  
And also and this is a bit of a paradox, but whenever you have a new product, your localization 
components will be lower. So you first start producing, start manufacturing and once the 
volumes ramp up, you are able to produce with a level of efficiency that you want and you are 
gradually able to localize the components that at the beginning you have to import.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
So long story short, this project, yes, will be improving our margins, but it's something that you 
will see in due course. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, let me come in again. Any new product, because of quick time to market, we get available 
parts probably from our global sources to launch the product. Then after we start stabilizing and 
the volume increases, it becomes interesting for local vendors also to become part of that, then 
we localize. So that is when the margin will start growing. To answer your first question also, 
let me give some numbers for your satisfaction. 
The expected volume for this year is roughly 6,000 axles. This will move to 9,000 next year and 
then go beyond 14,500 in this third year. This 14,500 translates to a revenue of EUR35 million, 
which is roughly around INR300 crores. So we are getting from one customer a single product 
growth of INR300 crores in the next three years. So I hope you people will realize and 
understand the magnitude of this business that we have got. And this is largely or I would say 
more or less export business that has come into India. 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Thank you, sir, for the detailed answer and wonderful to know the magnitude of work you're 
doing. Sir, on the localization part, 77% is the share of Indian suppliers and raw material. How 
do you see the share increasing in FY26 and how do you see it going over say the next three 
years? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, localization is a focus. We had explained this during the roadshow. We have put a special 
team that is identifying not just localization. Now we have fine-tuned it to identify high-runner 
products in our order book and focus our localization on that so that we are able to see the benefit 
in our numbers. Otherwise, localization remains on paper. It doesn't reflect in my performance.  
So we are now focusing on high-running components and we are focusing on that. We have 
looked at a total of 46 components that qualify for cost optimization and we have already closed 
20 of them in that 46 basket. So our estimation based on the product mix for that particular year, 
we are expecting to touch 80% localization for the current year.  
So this also depends, as you all know, the order mix can change quarter-to-quarter. So if it is as 
per what we are anticipating now, looking at the order book, we will be 80% this year. 
Raghunandhan: 
Thank you very much, sir and wishing you all the best. I'll fall back to the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sonal Gupta with HSBC Asset Management 
India. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Hi, good morning, sir and thanks for taking my question. So just continuing with this localization 
bit, while you said we have touched 77% localization, I would have imagined that we will see – 
do you think that benefit will also flow through or we will see the benefit of this localization 
more in cost terms next year?  
I'm just trying to understand, like we are – and I think Davide also mentioned that some of this 
will flow gradually. So I'm just trying to understand that have we reached optimum from a 77% 
or we just touched 77% and the benefits are yet to come? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, you are very right. This localization is kind of a sun and cloudy season. So when the product 
mix is good, we get a good benefit into our numbers. When the product mix is going towards 
existing products or it is too much of the new technology products, then although I have the 
localization, those components are not going into the products that are getting dispatched for 
that month or for that quarter.  
Hence, answering your question, the consolidation of all this localization will take place at the 
end of 1.5 years, 2 years, 2.5 years depending at which stage we have started the localization. 
So we assume that with the growing volumes, the absorption will be better and we will get the 
benefits.  
So to answer your question, the localization benefit accruing directly into my financial numbers 
will be on a staggered basis, but it will keep getting consolidated between what was in the past 
and what is emerging in the future. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And sir you also talked about on the backhoe loaders, we have won orders and you 
said we have added two customers on the construction equipment side and the domestic. So, I 
mean, like construction equipment because of this CV5 norms, I mean, we understand that there 
is some amount of a slowdown.  
So, I mean, just from your perspective, how do you see, I mean, even if the industry is sort of 
more flattish this year, how do you see construction equipment growing for you? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, see, the model of Carraro business, we are at a stage where we are not dependent fully on 
the organic growth in the industry. So, we are beating the industry estimation because we are 
growing in this segment that we operate. So, I always tell everybody that please look at the big 
in the small. 
We are part of a larger market, but the whole market does not affect us because we operate in a 
smaller segment and we are big in that small segment. So, keeping that as the background, for 
us, for example, in construction equipment, teleboom handler, I have given the reference of the 
contract that we have got, which is leading us to INR300 crores in the next 3 years or rather 2-
2.5 years.  
Similarly, in backhoe loaders, there are new orders that are coming. And one of very big 
significant backhoe loader player in India, who is in the top two in the market has got a contract 
manufacturing for a big global OEM. And he will be assembling it in India and using it for their 
global requirement for export. And he will be taking the transmissions from us. So, I don't want 
to take the name of the big brand for which he will be doing it.  
But the fact is, he has got an order for branding it. So, it's like a white good manufacturing white 
label. And he is able to sell it to that global player. And he, in India is in the top two, top three 
of the backhoe loader market. So, these are the kind of projects and wins that we get with our 
customer that is helping us grow in a very challenging market, where the market itself is showing 
growth between 3% to 5%, 3% to 6%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
We are beating that and growing. And to that reason, even in the last financial year that we 
closed now on 31st March, we have shown a significant increase in our revenues as we projected, 
we crossed that estimation. For this year, we are looking at growing to about EUR215, EUR218, 
EUR220 million. 
So, there would be about 8% to 10%, 8% to 12% growth coming into our revenue. That is why 
we always suggest to all the analysts that don't gauge us by the growth projection of the market 
itself. In the market, our segment is growing. Our customers are taking more products from us. 
Our export is also growing, although we are saying in general, the export market is soft.  
So, our storyline is a bit different, which is very specific to our products and the customer 
penetration that we have in those segments. 
Sonal Gupta: 
No, that is well understood. I understand. I mean, that's what we like about the story that, I mean, 
it will grow faster than the market. So, and just on the domestic, I mean, sorry, just on the export 
side, do we see any impact from the US tariff situation? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Okay. US tariff is a very interesting discussion everybody has. But for us, this is a hanging 
sword, to be very honest. At the moment, we have limited exposure to the US market. We have 
done a kind of analysis. We don't have a reliable, direct, validated number because we supply to 
the OEMs. And from that stock, the OEM can decide where to dispatch their finely built vehicles.  
But looking at whatever information we have gathered from the market, it seems like we are in 
the range of 4% to 7% or I would say we are in single digit exposure to the American market. 
So, it's not a very big concern for us, number one. Number two, we dispatch from our factory 
and our responsibility is over. 
The customs duty, the import duties are paid by the OEMs who are buying from us. So, we don't 
pay any of the duties or we are not affected directly by any of the tariffs. We have a price contract 
and we get it based on that. Number three, the nature of our business we have explained, it takes 
two years to three years for replacing any of our products. We are mission critical.  
20% to 25% of my transmission axle cost, is the cost of the, I would say is the cost compared to 
the cost of the vehicle. So, it is very important and it takes 2 years to 3 years to do the testing, 
validation and then replace us (i.e. Carraro India). So, very honestly speaking, they (i.e. our 
Customers) have no choice. They have to continue taking it (i.e. our Products). They have to 
manage the impact of any type, but they have very limited choice in the next 2 years to do 
anything.  
And there is nothing better they can get because they are sourcing it from India to then develop 
it in another country and source it from there. It's a long shot for them. So, all in all, we feel we 
are very well protected and we are insulated from any negative effect because of the U.S. market. 
Davide Grossi: 
And maybe Balaji, we could just add that as of now we have not seen any, let's say, red flag. 
None of our customers have reached out to us trying to open a discussion on this point. So, of 
course, it can happen in the future, but as of now we don't see this happening. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. So, yes, that's where I understand your point. I was more concerned, like, say, I mean, we 
have deemed exports also like supplying to customers domestically within exporting or to 
exports to parent who is potentially then exporting. So, we're not directly impacted by the tariffs, 
but if the end demand sort of slows down, then that will sort of. So, I'm just trying to understand 
from that point? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
It could happen, but also consider the fact that the indirect sales from Indian OEMs abroad is 
not to most of the developed economies because there are emission norms that could kick in 
over there. So, they are more for the developing countries and the unregulated market. So, we 
don't see a very big impact.  
None of the OEMs have reduced their volumes or anything. We are going steady. And that is 
the reason we are giving a guidance of 8% to 12% revenue growth in my current financial year. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Okay. Great. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Thank you very much for your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mahesh with LIC Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahesh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, I mean, most of my questions have been 
answered. You mentioned about the 8% to 12% of growth current year. So, this is assuming that 
exports are going to remain soft. So, next year, if exports come back, is there any case we will 
be able to grow more than 15% for next year? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
See, I'll put it this way. There could be setbacks. We are in an environment where things are 
uncertain. So, we will not say that there are no risks. But we have to look at an optimistic and 
realistic situation. And being in the business, we have all the data points with us. We have the 
market intelligence. We are directly dealing with all the OEMs.  
In India, all the tractor manufacturers are our customers. So, we have a better database and an 
evaluation of how the market is moving because it is not a single source of input that comes to 
us. We get inputs from all the OEMs. So, we are able to validate it. We are able to normalize it. 
And then we make our estimation. So, it doesn't matter. Last year, the exports were low. 
But we compensated it by domestic. So, we are always in a position and we have that 
maneuverability to ensure that we are meeting our targets. In business, we say our strategy is 
that we adjust our sales rather than trying to control the wind. So, we don't have to really worry 
about what is going to hit us.  
What is more important for the business is are we prepared to handle the storm if it comes. And 
let me assure you, we are well protected. We are well strategized to handle any ups and downs. 
We will go steady. This is the strategy of Carraro. Consolidation and sustainability is the key 
words that we use for our business.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
So, answering your question, we will still achieve 8% to 12% irrespective of how the export 
market will behave. 
Mahesh: 
And sir, you mentioned about 100 basis point margin expansion every year and for the next 3 
years. So, if the growth comes back, I mean, I understand there is uncertainty in the environment. 
I mean, no one knows what is going to happen, but as things stand now, if the growth comes 
back and in FY27 more than 10%, is there an upside to this 10% margin expansion every year? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
See, it's a very difficult question for me to answer today because I am not an astrologist or I 
cannot predict anything. But the fact remains that with the current situation, we are talking of 
1%. Now, why do we give this kind of guidance is to give a kind of a flavor to our investors that 
we are working on our marginality and our profitability will keep increasing year-on-year.  
We have different strategies in place. It is not because of one extraordinary income that we are 
showing an increase in EBITDA. We are structurally strengthening ourselves to ensure that we 
are sustainable in the EBITDA that we are giving to our investors. So, this will keep increasing. 
We have plan A, we have plan B. And you are seeing in the last one year, we have lived up to 
what we are saying.  
So, we do what we say and we say what we do. So, please be rest assured that yes, if there is a 
holocaust or a nuclear war, then you and me won't be even having this call, but if the business 
goes on in its normal way, fluctuations are there. It is part of our business strategy. Setbacks 
could be there, but we have to reset our sale and we have to ensure that we deliver to the market 
what has been committed.  
We are working for ensuring that we deliver what we say. And the numbers that we say and the 
guidance that we give are all realistic. We don't want to come back and give excuses. This is not 
the storyline that Carraro would take now or in future. Every call will only strengthen that we 
have achieved what we have committed. 
Mahesh: 
Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashok Shah with Eklavya Invesco Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Shah: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I must congratulate you for excellent results. Sir, you told 
in your presentation and talk that four-wheel drive is around 99% except India. So what is the 
addressable market in India? Can you just give the approximate size of it? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
See, we are looking at roughly 1 million. 10 lakh is the industry. And in that 10 lakh, we are 
looking at 2 to 2.2 lakhs. 1.9 lakhs to 2.2 lakhs will be the four-wheel drive market. And that 
will inch up slowly, moving to 40%. And we feel that the 40% could be a pivot point, deflection 
point, where from 40% it can start shooting up and going to about 60%, 65%. 
Ashok Shah: 
Sir, that is actually size-wise. Sir, I want it in monetary form? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Monetary form as part of our revenue? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Ashok Shah: 
Yes. It could be -- no, as a market addressable size whether it could be a INR300 crores, INR500 
crores, INR1,000 crores. What is the size if it is we reach around 70%, 80%? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
This is a good question. Actually, it is out of syllabus for us now. But we will try to work on 
these numbers and probably you can reach out to us and we will give it to you.  
Ashok Shah: 
So what is our current sales and size? We are around 20% and what are sales in 20% four-wheel 
drive? 
Ashok Rai: 
We operate in 41 horsepower and above market. So in 41 horsepower and above market, the 
market size is approximately 170,000, 180,000 tractors this year. Now in that, in the non-captive 
segment, we have almost 60%, 65% market share. But when you ask about the number or the 
value on the crores, probably we will prepare this answer for you and we will answer you offline. 
Because there are different sizes of the axles in the market, so it is very difficult to immediately 
answer as the value of the market. 
Ashok Shah: 
Could it be 40% of our sales? Sorry to disturb you, sir. Could it be 40% of our sales currently? 
Ashok Rai: 
Yes, in case of domestic agricultural, if we talk about it could be in that band. 40%, 45% would 
be the band in which we are selling. 
Ashok Shah: 
So what is the value of the 40%? 
Davide Grossi: 
40% of our domestic sales more or less. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
So roughly about INR400 crores to INR500 crores. 
Ashok Shah: 
So definitely it is a more than addressable market, more than INR2,000 crores for India if it 
reaches 60% over the next 3 years to 5 years? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, that can be an inferred value. Why we were reluctant to give numbers was we have not 
calculated it, but the way you are doing it, you are quite spot on. 
Ashok Shah: 
Are we have a capacity to supply such a market over the next 5 years? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. We have a land bank of roughly about 30 acres still available for the expansion. And even 
in the current 53 acres that we have, we are able to expand our existing plant also. So we can go 
up to EUR500 million to EUR600 million, around INR5,000 crores, INR5500 crores. The land 
is available. The land bank is already with us. 
Ashok Shah: 
No, sorry. Sir, I am not talking about land bank. I am talking about actual plant's capacity to 
supply? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Sir, we explained to you that even this current teleboom handler business of INR300 crores 
requires expansion. So we will be investing in three steps starting the last quarter of this year 
and ending it in the next to next financial year. So it will be an investment that has been planned 
and it will be invested in a phased manner depending on the ramp up.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
So we first get the order, by then we start ramping up. Till then we squeeze our existing capacity 
to cater to the market. So answering your question, we will have to invest periodically to reach 
that figure of INR5,000 crores. The next expansion immediate that will happen will take us to 
EUR350 million, which is roughly around INR3,200 crores. 
Ashok Shah: 
So we have lots of confidence in four-wheel drive. So why we are planning for expansion at the 
end of a year and not just starting just now because we have cash and everything with us? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Sir, it is a strategy that we use. The requirement for the four-wheel drive will come more or less 
from the efficiency and other improvements that we are doing. The expansion is largely required 
for the teleboom handler business, which is basically the construction equipment segment, that 
is going to grow and our capacities will be tuned in for that.  
The four-wheel drive market, we already have installed that capacity. We just have to keep 
increasing the number of ships, increasing the number of people in the line. We have to plan our 
supply chain. So these are more practical things for which we have already factored in 
everything. So infrastructure is existing. I have to increase the headcount, increase the number 
of ships, and I will be able to get the output. 
Ashok Shah: 
Sir, I have one suggestion. Since this is the first year, you organize a plant visit for the investor 
analyst and also do the annual general meeting in physical format. So everybody can visit the 
Pune and have a look at it and have a good discussion. Thank you. That's all from my side. I will 
fall back in queue. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
We will be very happy to host any of the investors who are visiting. It could be done in a set of 
small groups through our Strategic Growth Advisors. You can contact them and we are willing 
to open the factory for investors as many days as they want. So it may not be convenient to have 
it on a single day. We are open to have it over a period of time on pre-fixed days. So all are 
welcome.  
We will be very proud to showcase our facility. And trust me, investors will get more confidence 
when they see the world-class facility that we have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Anish Rankawat with UTI Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Anish Rankawat: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. Sorry if I missed this. The others segment is down about 10% 
on a full year basis. Can you highlight what comes under the others business and what could be 
the reason for this decline, that’s my first question? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
So the others is -- yes you got a valid point. Others is basically our gear business that we have. 
We also have engineering services over there. We also have spare parts over there. 
Davide Grossi: 
We have also some loose components which we provide.  
Balaji Gopalan: 
Some assemblies that we provide to our other plants globally. So those are the others business. 
Anish Rankawat: 
And what's driving the decline? I mean, what's the key reason? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Balaji Gopalan: 
The gear business is a little bit down. So to that reason, because the gear is not going directly to 
construction or to agriculture sector. We supply gears to other industries as well. So the offtake 
of gears has gone down a bit. Like even Cummins is our customer. So they use it for engine 
timing(51:25) gears. So the drop is largely on the gears. 
Anish Rankawat: 
And what's the outlook for FY26 for gears? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
It is more or less stable. We are looking at protecting what business we are doing in the last year. 
And we are getting similar indications that it will bottom out. So it is already at the lowest. And 
they are also looking at some growth in this year, but people are being very conservative and 
saying that growth is going to be flat. And in that environment, I am giving all of you the hope 
that we are looking at 8% to 12%.  
So you could sense what is giving me that confidence based on our product portfolio, which is 
very balanced. Agriculture, construction, domestic, export. So the revenue basket that we have 
is very balanced. So when one pulls down, we are able to work on the other and bring in the 
stability that is required. 
Anish Rankawat: 
Secondly, last year I think the capex number was INR 515 million if I am not wrong and how 
much are you envisaging for FY26? 
Davide Grossi: 
So we have budgeted for FY26 INR70 crores of fresh capex. And this is not including any 
possible addition that we might deliberate related to the expansion. Since Balaji already 
mentioned about expanding our plans, we are currently assessing some options. We have not 
finalized yet the final plan. Whenever that will be done, we will also communicate the same. 
But as of now, we can take a number of INR70 crores for the financial year. In case of any 
update, we will also communicate. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
We don't want underutilized capacity in our operations. When you people will come and see the 
plant, you will see that every corner of the factory, every machine in the factory is being utilized. 
You will see that flow that is happening over there. So our investments for expansion will be 
need-based. Only when we have a confirmed order will we invest so that it will help us in our 
ramp-up, but no investment based on anticipation. We don't want to do that mistake. 
Anish Rankawat: 
Just to confirm, the expansion that you are looking for is for the teleboom itself or any other 
product line? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
We will be expanding as a concept of assembly lines. So when we move from the current 
assembly line and we set up a new one for teleboom handler, the existing one also gives me 
some capacity. So largely the expansion is for construction equipment, that's it. So it could be 
used for teleboom, it can be used for something else, it could be used for mobile cranes, but the 
family is largely construction equipment.  
When I do the expansion for construction equipment, I will get the residual benefit of moving 
the current line to a new line. So my agriculture line gets more capacity. They are all interlinked. 
You get my point? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Anish Rankawat: 
Understood. Yes. Very well. Just lastly, if you can quantify what could be the overall utilization? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
See currently for the industry which we operate in, that is gearbox and axles, anything in the 
range of 80% is considered adequately utilized because sometimes there are spikes from our 
customers. So they get some new tender. They win some contract for, say, developing countries 
or for Africa.  
And they would give us a requirement of, say, 500 axles and gearboxes to be supplied within 45 
days. So it is important for us to keep that. It is also important to keep a little bit of a buffer 
backup in case of any failure of a particular machine or something. So all machines will not be 
at 100% capacity. We will collapse if that is done. So we are at the right level, optimum level of 
around 75% to 80% is our utilization now.  
And we will continue. It may go up to 85%, 88%, 87%, but we will not be keeping it at that. The 
moment expansion happens, it will probably come down to 70%. And then as we ramp up the 
numbers, it will go to 80%, 85%. To answer your question, we will consciously not fill our 
capacities beyond 80%, 85%. 
Anish Rankawat: 
Understood. That's all from me. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aabhas Verma with East Green Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Aabhas Verma: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning, sir. Yes. I just have one question. Could you please share your R&D 
spend as a percentage of revenue for FY25 and how do you expect this number to evolve going 
forward? 
Davide Grossi: 
So this is a bit of an articulated answer, but you can take the fact that at Carraro level, R&D 
expenditure is usually in the range of 3%, even higher than that in some years. In Carraro India, 
the situation is a bit more complicated than this because R&D comes in two different ways. 
There are some R&D services that we buy from our exporters sometimes as needed and they are 
very erratic depending on the projects on which we are working.  
The other chunk of R&D expenditure comes from our subsidiary, Carraro Technologies. Carraro 
Technologies is a company that sells R&D also within the group and it is a kind  of a profit 
center for us because it's a company that operates with a profit. It sells services to Carraro Group 
as well as Carraro India.  
So we do not have a specific number that I can give you and also please keep in mind that this 
setup that I just mentioned is something that saw the light of the day less than one year ago. So 
it's a number that will have to stabilize over the year. So we will probably be able to create a 
history and tell you exactly what are those figures, but as of now we do not have a reliable 
number. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
In any case, it's a profitable subsidiary that we have. We are making profit in that, although it 
could be small because it is basically services, human capital, but it is giving us a positive bottom 
line. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Aabhas Verma: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sriram R., an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sriram R: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. Could you please share the 
domestic revenue split between agri and construction? 
Davide Grossi: 
Yes. Just give us a second. So domestic, we have 42% in construction, 50% in agri and 7% in 
others. 
Sriram R: 
Okay. That's helpful, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashok Shah with Eklavya Invesco Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Shah: 
Thank you for giving me again an opportunity. Sir, you stated that we would be increasing 1% 
margin every year. So how it will be done? So can you just elaborate? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. So there are a couple of factors that will add into our EBITDA. One significant is the 
localization. Whenever we localize any part, we save roughly, if not more, at least 15%. So the 
range is between 12% to 15% because we save on the duty, transport, everything, but if it is 
from a low-cost country like China, then my savings are probably close to 10%.  
So this will add. Today, we are at 77%. We are moving to 80% in the current financial year and 
our target is to reach 88% in the next two years. So this will add to my margin significantly. 
Number two, plant efficiencies are being increased on a daily basis. For example, the revenue 
we will grow by 10%, but my headcount goes down by 100 people.  
So we are using manpower and our plant and machinery more efficiently and more effectively. 
And all other fixed costs, we are controlling so that as the revenue grows, I am not having a 
model where my costs are also growing along with the revenue. My costs will be capped at the 
current level of EUR200 million to EUR210 million and I will try to push my revenue by keeping 
the costs under control. 
All these three things. And it is a strategic concerted effort where even with the union, we have 
got a 20% improvement in labor efficiency over the next 1.5 years, 2 years. And they have 
signed, as a very special case, a 4 year wage agreement, which normally in India, all agreements 
are for 3 years.  
Carraro India is one of the, probably 1% of the companies in India have a 4 year or a 5 year 
agreement. We are very fortunate we have signed a 4 year agreement. So the plan, the journey 
for reaching EUR350 million, that is more than INR3,000 crores is already charted out. 
Everybody has the buy-in in it and we are all going together as a team to achieve it. So there will 
be no surprises because we have tied the knots wherever it is required for them to contribute to 
our EUR350 million journey. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have lost the line. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we have reached 
the end of question and answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Dr. 
Balaji Gopalan for closing comments. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Thank you very much. We hope we have addressed all your questions satisfactorily. We 
tried to be as transparent and as open to share the situation with us because we feel the situation, 
the reality is in our favor and we have got into the right track of the journey to reach the EBITDA 
numbers that we have been planning to achieve and the revenue that we want to achieve in the 
next 3 years.  
So you're all in a company that is very stable, sustainable, realistic, transparent and 
professionally run. So please, I thank all of you again and I hope I will have the continued support 
of all the investors. And lastly as suggested by one of the investors, I open-heartedly welcome 
all the investors to our plant. Please come and spend a couple of hours with us. It will be our 
pleasure and our honor. With this, I would like to end this call. Thank you very much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Carraro India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
