 
07th May, 2025 
 
The Manager - Listing 
BSE Limited 
BSE Code: 501455 
The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
NSE Code: GREAVESCOT 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter and year ended 31st 
March, 2025 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated 22nd April, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2025. The transcript 
is also available on the Company’s website at www.greavescotton.com  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
 
 
Atindra Basu 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Membership No: A32389 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
  
 
 
Atindra 
Nath Basu
Digitally signed by Atindra Nath Basu 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7671, 
2.5.4.20=738bbb4dae14d7a194488652559
14e549b258b83e2220e1134a8fbac705403
72, postalCode=400610, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6a739644895d9b71ab90dd
ae772bf6e6c81895bc67767c20ff2ca9a6862
3f8a4, cn=Atindra Nath Basu 
Date: 2025.05.07 14:21:43 +05'30'

GREAVE 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
GREAVES 
 
 
  
 
 
Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
Karan Thapar – Chairman of the Board, GCL 
Parag Satpute – Managing Director & Group CEO, GCL 
Akhila Balachandar – CFO, GCL 
Narasimha Jayakumar – CEO, Greaves Retail 
K. Vijaya Kumar – ED and CEO, GEML 
Alwan Deivanayagam – Deputy CFO, GEML 
 

2 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Greaves Cotton Limited's Q4 & 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Karan Thapar – Chairman of the Board, Greaves Cotton 
Limited; Mr. Parag Satpute – Managing Director & Group CEO, Greaves Cotton 
Limited; Ms. Akhila Balachandar – CFO, Greaves Cotton Limited; Mr. Narsimha 
Jayakumar – CEO, Greaves Retail; Mr. K. Vijaya Kumar – ED & CEO, Greaves 
Electric Mobility Limited (GEML) and Mr. Alwan Deivanayagam – Deputy CFO, 
GEML. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. Further, as you are aware, Greaves 
Electric Mobility Limited has filed a draft red herring prospectus with the capital 
markets regulator SEBI, to raise funds through an IPO. All discussions in this call 
with regard to this entity may be read in conjunction with and be limited to the said 
DRHP. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the management. Thank you, and over to you. 
Akhila Balachandar 
Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to have you all with us today. I am joined 
by our Chairman, Mr. Karan Thapar, and I would like to invite him to share a few 
words. 
Karan Thapar 
Thank you, Akhila. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining the call. Akhila is going to 
present the financial performance but before she does that, I wanted to take a 
moment to welcome Mr. Parag Satpute sitting here with me on the table as our new 
Managing Director and Group CEO for Greaves Cotton. Parag will be responsible 
for overseeing the strategic direction and operations for Greaves Engineering, 
Greaves Retail, Greaves Technologies, and Excel Controlinkage with a clear focus 
on driving growth and delivering on our core purpose of empowering lives. Parag 
brings an impressive 29 years of leadership experience within the mobility and 
manufacturing sectors, and we value that expertise in Greaves. We are confident 
that his leadership will not only accelerate our growth trajectory but also propel us 
towards achieving our strategic ambitions with a greater impact and speed. I am 
delighted to officially welcome Parag to lead us to our next phase of growth.  
I might just add that the Greaves Board had set itself a vision to achieve Rs. 15,000 
crore topline on a group basis by 2030 through a blend of organic growth and 
strategic acquisitions and the management of Greaves Cotton and Greaves Electric 
Mobility remain committed to the same. Over to you, Parag. 
Parag Satpute 
Thank you very much for the welcome, Mr. Thapar, and good afternoon to everyone 
on the call. I am truly honored to join Greaves Cotton at this very pivotal juncture in 
its journey. I have long admired this organization due to its commitment in driving 
positive impact through sustainable engineering technologies and fuel agnostic 
solutions. All of these initiatives deeply resonate with me. 

3 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Let me give you a brief introduction of my professional background. Like Mr. Thapar 
said, I have more than 29 years’ experience across the mobility and manufacturing 
sectors, and I have worked in India and in global markets. My most recent 
assignment was with Bridgestone Mobility Solutions, where I served as the President 
of the fleet business, running business across North America and Europe. I have 
now relocated to India, and I am really excited by this opportunity. Prior to this 
assignment, the one in Europe that I mentioned, I was Managing Director for 
Bridgestone in India, and I led a comprehensive business transformation for the 
whole organization. And before Bridgestone, for over 2 decades, I worked with 
Sandvik. I started out in India as a sales engineer and over these two decades, I 
worked in multiple assignments in India and abroad and was eventually the 
Managing Director for Sandvik in India. 
Now, as I step into this role, I look forward to working with the leadership of Greaves 
Cotton, all the teams and the stakeholders, like Mr. Thapar said, to accelerate the 
growth, to drive innovation and to deliver on our customer-centric, future-ready 
solutions. The Company's legacy in empowering lives through sustainable and 
accessible solutions really resonates strongly with me. I look forward to advancing 
the Company's vision and to drive a strategic business outcome. 
Over to you, Akhila, to take us through the results. 
Akhila Balachandar 
Thank you, Chairman sir, and once again welcome to Mr. Parag. Good afternoon 
once again and a warm welcome to all of you on this call. 
I am pleased to share that Greaves Cotton has delivered a very strong financial and 
operational performance in Q4 and also across the full Financial Year 2025. This 
performance reflects the successful execution of our transformation strategy, 
diversification of our portfolio and a disciplined approach to financial management. It 
also validates our continued focus on sustainable growth, operational excellence and 
capital efficiency. 
Let me now take you through the key highlights, for Q4 FY25, we reported 
consolidated revenues of Rs. 823 crore with Greaves Cotton's standalone revenue 
rising by 19% on a year-on-year basis to Rs. 573 crore. Excel Controlinkage, our 
strategic acquisition, continued to perform exceptionally well, recording Q4 revenues 
of Rs. 75 crore, reflecting a 15% year-on-year growth.  
Our profitability profile improved. Standalone EBITDA for Greaves Cotton was Rs. 
84 crore with margin at 14.7%. The combined Q4 EBITDA for Greaves Cotton and 
Excel is at Rs. 107 crore with margins at 16.4%, highlighting our improved cost 
structure and operating leverage. 
Moving to the full Financial Year 2025, consolidated revenues reached Rs. 2,918 
crore, backed by strong contributions across all our business verticals. Standalone 
revenues for Greaves Cotton grew by 12% year-on-year to Rs. 1,988 crore, while 
EBITDA increased to Rs. 260 crore. Excel contributed Rs. 268 crore to the full year 
revenues. The combined EBITDA of GCL and Excel stood at Rs. 338 crore with a 
margin at a healthy 15%. 
Each of our core businesses make strong progress: 
• 
Engineering and Retail divisions continue their growth trajectory with 
revenues growing annually by 14% and 7%, respectively.  
• 
The integration of Excel Controlinkage has strengthened our capabilities in 
motion control systems and components, enabling deeper penetration into 
key high growth sectors. 

4 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Our Electric Mobility division posted revenues of Rs. 659 crore for Financial Year 
2025, driven by the launch of new models, improved channel efficiencies and 
growing consumer demand. 
As you are aware, our mobility division has filed the DRHP and we await the 
regulatory approvals. FY25 marks strong growth for Greaves Engineering and Excel, 
reinforcing our position as a diversified Engineering group. At Greaves Engineering, 
the non-automotive applications continue to dominate the growth. The Company 
achieved strong growth in gensets and industrial engines while expanding into 
sustainable mobility with CNG and showcasing hydrogen technology concept at the 
Bharat Mobility Global Expo in Jan 2025. In gensets, we improved our market share 
to around 4%. Excel, our strategic investment in line with our diversification strategy, 
continues to deliver strong performance, ensuring that our investment is both 
revenue and margin accretive. 
Moving to Greaves Retail, we ended FY25 on a positive note with significant growth 
in the second half. We are building a scalable tech-enabled business across three 
core verticals, auto, non-auto, and EV components, with a focus on three-wheeler 
CNG, energy solutions, and EV aftermarket. A nationwide network of 10,000 plus 
Retailers and 21,500 plus mechanics ensures strong service delivery while digital 
tools enhance the operational efficiency. Looking ahead, we aim to expand in high 
potential categories and pursue strategic acquisitions, maintaining our asset light 
tech-driven growth model. 
From a financial health perspective, we are in a very strong position. We continue to 
operate with a near zero debt balance sheet supported by standalone cash reserves 
of Rs. 379 crore. Our return on capital employed for FY25 stands at a healthy 19% 
each, underscoring our capital efficient growth approach. We remain optimistic about 
the future while acknowledging external uncertainties. Our strong balance sheet 
cash flows and focused strategy equip us to seize opportunities and create long-term 
value for stakeholders. 
With this, I would now like to hand it over to my colleague, Mr. Vijaya Kumar – ED & 
CEO of Greaves Electric Mobility. 
Vijaya Kumar 
Thanks, Akhila. Very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining 
us today. 
Let me begin with a brief update on Greaves Electric Mobility’s performance and 
some key developments from this past quarter and financial year before we open the 
floor for further questions. 
GEML has delivered a resilient and forward-moving performance in this quarter. The 
overall electric two-wheeler industry saw a decline of 8% from Q3 FY25 to Q4 FY25. 
As per the Vahan data, which is the government portal data, Greaves Electric 
Mobility delivered a strong performance. 
Our Vahan registration grew by 15% quarter-on-quarter, resulting in an increase in 
our electric two-wheeler market share from 3.4% to 4.3% in this quarter. This growth 
was led by the successful launch of the new Magnus Neo this quarter, a generational 
upgrade of the popular Magnus EX. With enhanced styling, improved performance 
and a safer LFP battery platform, Magnus Neo has resonated strongly with 
customers seeking value, safety, and reliability. In the L5 three-wheelers, we 
continue to gain traction across fuel-agnostic L5 solutions reflecting the strength of 
our diversified product portfolio. We are building this future by leveraging our 
Engineering DNA and rapidly evolving product portfolio. 

5 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
In terms of annual update, our revenues in FY25 grew by 7.4% year-on-year, driven 
by volume growth in the e2-wheeler at 10% and L5 segment at 61% year-on-year. 
This is driven by a strong growth in fuel agnostic segments. Also note our market 
share increased from 1.2% in FY24 to 3.7% in FY25 in the L5 diesel segment. This 
year, we introduced three electric two-wheelers, new two-wheelers, Ampere Nexus, 
Magnus Neo, and Ampere Reo, each engineered to be safe, smart, stylish, and 
affordable catering to the diverse needs of India's evolving EV consumers. In 
addition, I am also happy to announce that Ampere Nexus has been awarded as the 
Electric Scooter of the Year by Bike India, a leading automotive publication. 
This quarter also saw a strategic milestone, our partnership with Indofast Energy to 
enable battery swapping for fleet operators and shared Mobility platforms. The newly 
launched Ampere Magnus SW.S, the way we call it, which is swap enabled, 
integrated with Indofast swap infrastructure will help reduce downtime and enable 
faster turnaround for the last mile delivery vehicles. Continuing our commitment to 
affordability and access, this quarter we launched the Ampere Reo 80 at Rs. 59,900, 
an electric scooter designed for mass market in India - students and senior citizens. 
This is a key step forward in realizing our vision of Har Gully Electric. We are among 
the very few players who are offering EV solutions across both two-wheeler and 
three-wheeler segments, alongside our diesel and CNG offerings in three-wheeler, 
which helps us cater to a diverse customer base. We have also made meaningful 
strides in customer service support with 600 plus touchpoints, our own EV financing 
platform, evfin, and a growing digital infrastructure that supports both consumers and 
channel partners. 
As you are aware, we have filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 23rd, 
2024, for a proposed initial public offering, which is subjected to receipt of regulatory 
approvals from the SEBI, market conditions and other commercial considerations. 
We remain grateful to our two investors, Greaves Cotton Limited and Abdul Latif 
Jameel, whose continued support strengthens our foundation and future 
investments. We remain committed to investments in product innovations and in-
house battery capabilities. 
With that, I now hand it back to the moderator to open the Q&A session. Happy to 
take your questions, please. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures.  
Tushar Bohra 
Yes, congratulations to the management for a good set of members. My first question 
is to Mr. Parag. Sir, given your own longstanding track record and also given 
Greaves' overall pedigree and lineage, as an outsider coming into the firm, where do 
you think the firm is in terms of the overall journey and how comfortable you are 
taking on this target which I think was hit maybe a couple of quarters by the Board 
of a 6x increase in revenues over the next 6 years. So, I just want to understand the 
qualitative aspect and how do you look at the firm as preparation and as to what 
further needs to be done to really achieve these outcomes? 
Parag Satpute 
Thank you, Tushar, for your question. Yes, like I said, I am really excited to join this 
Company. I started my assignment just two weeks ago. But like you pointed out, the 
recent track record of the Company has been really strong. And when I was 
considering this opportunity, I was really excited by the vision set out by the Company 
and what I could see in the track record. As I have come in, I have started interacting 
with the management. I started looking into the business plans. And while it is too 
early to give you a view now, I can confirm that I continue to be excited by this 
decision I have taken and the opportunity to work with the Greaves team. 

6 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Tushar Bohra 
Sure. My question is from a business standpoint. So, first and foremost, the 
Engineering business, the fourth quarter growth is significantly higher Y-o-Y 
compared to the full year growth Y-o-Y for us. So, should we take it that the fourth 
quarter is a more sustainable benchmark going forward? Should we be able to 
deliver with this as a new base? Do you see that substantial traction in the 
Engineering side of the business, also given that we have a lot of new initiatives that 
we have launched there? 
Akhila Balachandar 
Thanks, Tushar, for that question. As you know, Q4 is generally our best quarter. We 
always put our best foot forward in the last quarter of the entire financial year. And 
we have really done that in this year also. Point number two, over the past 6-8 
quarters, we have been undertaking various initiatives which have been in progress 
for some time and some of those initiatives have materialized and therefore and 
these are building blocks for our growth journey and also to the vision that we have 
set out and which was your earlier question of going 6x by 2030. So yes, some of 
the building blocks are beginning to show the green shoots and the results and 
hopefully the endeavor of the management is to continue on this journey going 
forward also. 
Tushar Bohra 
Thank you, ma'am. Also, on the EV side of business, just to bunch up couple of 
questions. First, the volume growth looks substantially higher than the revenue 
growth for the past quarter and year, for EVs. If you can just set that in context. And 
also, if you can comment on the profitability of the EV business, are we already 
profitable ex of subsidies on a gross margin basis? And when do we aim to be 
breaking even in this business at an EBITDA level? 
Vijaya Kumar 
Yes, Tushar. Thank you for your question. So, one is from a revenue and the 
realization standpoint, because where we started, we had a non-subsidy scenario in 
the first two quarters. Later on, we got approval on the subsidy, and then it got 
passed on. From that standpoint, if you see our revenue numbers, that benefit has 
got passed on to customer and hence it has an impact on the overall revenue 
realization. Going forward on the profitability part, as you are aware, we are waiting 
regulatory clearances from SEBI on our DRHP. So, I think I would constrain myself 
from giving any forward-looking statements as we have already mentioned it in our 
DRHP in detail. 
Tushar Bohra 
Sure sir, if I may quickly check one last question on the Retail side, last 2-3 quarters 
and also in the auto expo, there's been a lot of initiatives, lots of new product 
launches and lot of announcements related to the Retail part of the business. But 
somehow, and given that it's a low or a negative working capital business, what is 
constraining us to let us say grow this business at 25%-30% kind of CAGR given that 
the base is still relatively small? Can we expect that kind of momentum in the next 
few quarters? 
Akhila Balachandar 
So like we have said over the past few quarters, we have been investing in this 
space, and this space has lot of opportunities, and we are excited with it. And we 
continue to remain so. Yes, some amount of growth has not kicked in. If you see H1 
last year was particularly impacted because of the heavy rains, the long-drawn 
elections, but we have bounced back in the second half of the year. We are 
continuing in our journey there. There are new product launches. There is work 
happening and we expect to gain momentum in the coming quarters. I hope that 
answers your question. 
Tushar Bohra 
Sure, thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures.  

7 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Krisha Kansara 
My first question is slightly related to what the previous participant had asked. So, 
we saw very impressive growth of 30% in our Greaves Engine segment. So, could 
you help us understand the drivers which drove this growth? Was it gensets or was 
it other complementary segments that we cater to? And if the growth came from 
gensets, can you please pinpoint what sectors, what end user industries are we 
seeing the major demand coming from? This is my first question. 
Akhila Balachandar 
Thanks, Krisha. Essentially, Greaves Engines, if you recollect, we have been on a 
transformation journey for the last 3 to 4 years. We have tried to diversify our portfolio 
from a single engine, single application Company to multi product, multi-application 
Company and we continue on this journey. As we are growing, the contribution of 
our non-auto applications, especially gensets, has been a dominant piece of our 
growth. And this is what we will be driving going forward also. In gensets, our market 
share had been in the region of approximately 2.7% some time back. And we 
currently are below 4% or around 4%. While we are not a very big player now, and 
therefore, we are not very, very specific as to which segment we are targeting. We 
are trying to be very customer friendly, develop solutions which the customer is 
demanding and therefore building a niche for ourselves. I think going forward for 
some more time, this is the strategy we will be adopting. Secondly, what we are 
working on is trying to also see if we can build a solution as a service around the 
gensets where our RFIDs are embedded in the gensets that we sell were able to 
monitor the performance of these gensets and do preventive maintenance and do 
post maintenance. So, this is something we have been working on, and some 
progress is made, and the rest is work in progress. 
Krisha Kansara 
So ma'am, would you be able to tell us at what growth stage our genset segment 
was during this quarter or in the year? 
Akhila Balachandar 
Yes, a dominant growth has come from the gensets. We have not really been sharing 
what is the specific growth in gensets. As I said, our market share has improved from 
approximately 2.7% last year or a year before that to around 4% in this year. And 
that is the journey that we have covered over the last 6 to 8 quarters. 
Krisha Kansara 
Right. Ma'am, my second question is regarding Excel Controlinkage. So, in the 
previous concall, you had hinted that we are undertaking some kind of de-
bottlenecking initiative in order to expand our capacity there. So, it would be very 
helpful if you could give us some details on this – such as what kind of amount we 
have spent to expand that capacity, when will this expanded capacity come online 
and what is our current utilization level? Something on this, ma'am? 
Akhila Balachandar 
Sure, so Krisha, basically we have outlaid almost Rs. 100 crore capex plan when we 
invested in this Company and this was something that we were planning to undertake 
over a 3 to 4-year period. Over the last two years that we have invested in this 
Company, we have undertaken multiple initiatives in de-bottlenecking our processes. 
So, it is not just about one specific part or area, it is over the entire manufacturing 
processes, the assembling and the process improvements. We also continue in this 
journey, and we have some capex plans outlaid even for the forthcoming year. 
Krisha Kansara 
Okay, can you tell us the current utilization level at our Excel plant? 
Akhila Balachandar 
So, again, as I said, there are multiple parts to the entire plant. There are pieces 
which would be 60% or 70% utilized. There are pieces where our utilization would 
be 90% plus. And this is where we would focus on the de-bottlenecking initiatives. 
So, this is an ongoing journey, but we would be approximately at an overall level 
more than 80% of plant utilization. 

8 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Krisha Kansara 
Right. And if you can tell us in percentage terms as to how much capacity are we 
adding? Let's say you mentioned we are planning a capex over the next one year. 
So, what kind of capacity addition can we see in this segment? 
Akhila Balachandar 
Okay, so when we invested in this Company, the turnover of the Company was 
approximately Rs. 187 crore. And we had set out an ambitious target of investing 
around Rs. 100 crore. The idea was we should be able to do 3x turnover with this 
kind of an investment. And obviously, that is what is currently work in progress. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Darshan Jhaveri from Crown Capital.  
Darshan Jhaveri 
We have had an excellent Q4. So, moving on, we said that Q4 is usually the best 
quarter. So, what kind of seasonality we should see going forward? And we have 
had some launches last year. What kind of launches are you planning for next year? 
Akhila Balachandar 
So Darshan. Yes, as I said earlier, we have the best quarter in Q4, but otherwise we 
are not really seeing that level of seasonality or cyclicality, but the nature of the 
business and we see the best quarter in Q4. Going forward and again I continue from 
what I said earlier, we have been undertaking multiple initiatives both on the revenue 
side, on the optimization side and the cost controls. So, all these are work in progress 
and will therefore play out in the coming years. I hope that answers your question. 
Darshan Jhaveri 
Fair enough ma'am. And so just like we have a very really great vision of reaching 
Rs. 15,000 crore by 2030. But just wanted to know in the near term, how do we see 
the next two years planning? Is it that this is the investment phase, where we’re 
focusing on cost control and getting all our ducks in a row, followed by a phase of 
strong growth? Or will the growth be more linear? I just wanted to understand that. 
And how would that impact our margins? 
Akhila Balachandar 
Sure. Darshan, again I will go back when we started this journey around 3 to 4 years 
ago where we are trying to diversify our dependence on diesel products, on our auto 
applications. And today, we are fairly well diversified in terms of auto and non-auto 
applications, in terms of being fuel agnostic in our product offerings. It is in line with 
this philosophy that we did a strategic investment in Excel, which is definitely fuel 
agnostic, but in the same industry. This has added Rs. 268 crore to our topline in the 
current year and will grow further. Going forward, we will definitely grow both 
organically and we are also looking for opportunistic investments in the adjacencies 
that we are strategically looking forward to. And the ambition that the board has or 
the vision that the board has of Rs. 15,000 crore by 2030 is an all-encompassing 
vision which includes both organic growth as well as the strategic investments that 
we will definitely make. And as you are very well aware, we are a completely debt-
free Company. We are sitting on Rs. 379 crore of cash. And therefore, we are well 
funded if we want to undertake inorganic and strategic investments. 
Darshan Jhaveri 
Very fair, ma'am. And just one bookkeeping question from my end. We have some 
accumulated losses, so going forward, will we have a nil tax rate for some time, or 
how will that play out? 
Akhila Balachandar 
So Darshan, we have losses in the subsidiary Company, Greaves Electric Mobility, 
and they will be able to take any tax benefits that will be available. At the Greaves 
Cotton entity level let me clarify, we do not have any losses in the standalone books. 
Darshan Jhaveri 
Oh okay. Fair, that is in the subsidiary. Okay. Yes, that is it from my side ma'am. All 
the best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company.  

9 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Saket Kapoor 
Firstly, please correct me, in your presentation for the Electric Mobility part, have we 
not provided the P&L separately in the division part or where have we subsumed that 
number sir? 
Akhila Balachandar 
If you go to the presentation, we have shared the E-Mobility financials in the business 
division disclosures. Sorry, I do not know the exact page number because these do 
get changed out. In the financial disclosures, we have put it under the business 
division financials. 
Saket Kapoor 
Okay, I will just go through it. Because separately, when I was going through the 
division disclosure, I could find Greaves Engine, Greaves Retail, GCL, Excel, and 
GCL plus Excel. But for the e-Mobility, GEM, that part of the slide, I could not make 
out where you have provided the disclosure for the same in the same pattern. 
Secondly, considering the current subsidy framework, what have we factored in 
regarding the growth trajectory and quarterly burn rate for the Electric Mobility 
division? Also, following the proposed IPO, who will hold the majority stake in the 
existing company? And from a consolidation perspective, will this line item continue 
to appear going forward? It would be helpful if you could shed some light on that. 
Akhila Balachandar 
Yes, I will request Vijay to take the first question and maybe I will then add to the 
second one. 
Vijaya Kumar 
Yes, Akhila, thanks. So, Mr. Saket, the way we are looking at it is the electric two-
wheeler industry last year has grown by close to 20%, reaching 1.3 million units, and 
we expect that growth trajectory to continue. Greaves Electric Mobility is one of the 
founding members of Electric Mobility, with over a decade of experience, and we 
have been among the leading players in providing electric mobility solutions. We are 
excited to continue participating in this growing sector. We have a strong brand 
presence in terms of two-wheelers, particularly with Magnus and Reo, and we have 
recently launched the Nexus. On the electric L5 segment, we have Eltra, which we 
had launched this year has been received well, and it holds the largest kilometer on 
a single charge certificate across all the competitors we have. Additionally, in the 
two-wheeler segment, we are seeing strong market share in certain states, 
surpassing 10%, with key markets like Tamil Nadu where we hold a 15% share. 
While I can't provide all the details due to our current status with the DRHP and 
awaiting approvals from the government, we do have our own plans in place. We are 
focused on improving our product quality, advancing our technology, and expanding 
our reach across the country through our distribution and service network.  
Saket Kapoor 
My question was more particular to the subsidy part of the story, the type of 
uncertainty that is there in the subsidy. I think some recent changes were also made 
a couple of days ago. So, what are you factoring in going ahead in terms of the 
subsidy part of the story? And when will this burn ratio start falling? I mean to say, 
we have posted higher turnover for the year but so have the losses. 
Vijaya Kumar 
So, let me answer one by one. So, the subsidy presently is at Rs. 2,500 per kWh on 
two-wheeler which is capped at Rs. 5,000 per vehicle. And on the L5 three-wheeler 
it is at Rs. 5,000 per kWh capped at Rs. 25,000 per vehicle. So as far as the 
government policies and the documents which has been released by the 
government, this is extended for the full financial year this year, given the budget and 
the utilization resultant to the sales. Going forward, there are no indications from the 
government. So, we are working towards a subsidy-free environment where it is the 
value proposition  of the product and the consumer connect which you build through 
your quality, reliability and after sales service, where we will be able to compete. So, 
we are looking forward to a non-subsidy scenario next year, this year as I explained 
to you presently. 

10 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Coming to the burn part of it, again, I do not want to make a futuristic statement given 
our DRHP, but as an organization belonging to Greaves, we are very highly cost 
conscious and I would say our path to profitability is something which is relatively 
much better. I don't want to give exact numbers on it, and  the new products we have 
launched – Nexus, Magnus, Neo, and Reo have been received very well. And they 
are all profitable at a standalone basis. We are building our volumes to meet our 
fixed and variable expenses. 
Akhila Balachandar 
On our shareholding post the IPO, I think we will need to wait for the final RHP, and 
other such structures and the approvals concerned. So, at this point in time, I would 
not like to comment on that any further.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Vineet Bansal from Pinnacle Securities.  
Vineet Bansal 
I have one question, you are sitting on a considerable amount of cash. So how do 
you plan to use that cash in the next couple of years? Do you plan to do any capex 
in the standalone business? 
Akhila Balachandar 
Yes, thanks, Vineet. So, over the last 2-3 years, we have been consistently deploying 
around Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 100 crore of capex into the business. All these have gone 
in adding new production lines, working on automation, improving our efficiencies, 
de-bottlenecking and we will continue on this journey. We will outlay approximately 
Rs. 100 crore capex even in the coming year for our internal growth purpose. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Sushant Agarwal, an individual investor.  
Sushant Agarwal 
I wanted to know what components of the electric powertrain are manufactured by 
the Company. And what are the gross margins that can be expected going forward 
in our electric business considering the battery assembly line that is going to be set 
up? 
Narasimha Jayakumar Thank you for your question. I think we are very excited about the electric powertrain 
business. As Akhila, my colleague mentioned, we are actually looking at this vertical 
for significant growth. By electric powertrain, we specifically refer to both the motor 
and the motor controller. The motor, as you know, is a very critical prime mover, 
critical component for the entire e-powertrain. And we do these for both the L3 
segment as well as for the L5 segment. These are being manufactured at 
Aurangabad. And we have also secured a number of OE clients. 
Moderator 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures.  
Tushar Bohra 
So the EV market share, we see substantial market share in two states, Tamil Nadu 
and Bihar. So, what is constraining us to have a higher market share, let's say in 
other states or on a pan India basis, versus the 15%-16% in these two states, we 
are at about 4% pan India? 
Vijaya Kumar 
You are right. Our market share in South India and Eastern India are relatively higher 
than in the North and West. So, that's part of our action plan in terms of developing 
these markets. This is also one of the objectives of our DRHP, where we intend to 
spend a substantial amount of money on building our brand and visibility in larger 
cities outside Southern India. So, there is an action plan we are working on to build 
our brand and visibility in those states where we currently have less than 10% market 
share. 
Tushar Bohra 
Got it. Sir, can you also highlight some of the qualitative initiatives in the areas of 
maybe defence, aerospace? I think in one of the slides, we mentioned Electric 

11 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Mobility, Excel rather, we are doing some work for defence as well. Just if you can 
highlight any initiatives around these areas and also on the hydrogen powertrain or 
hydrogen retrofitting engine that we are developing? If you can highlight more details 
around that. 
Akhila Balachandar 
Yes, sure Tushar. On the hydrogen, that was more a concept which we had launched 
in the Bharat Mobility and that we will be looking at an incubating project and also 
will work with other players in the market. So that is something work in progress, and 
I think we will have some more journey to cover before we can really come back and 
see commercial revenue in that space. Aerospace and defence, this is something 
that we have initiated. Excel does some work in both these areas and that is a focus 
area for us in the next year to continue. 
Tushar Bohra 
But that would be for just the Excel offerings or are we looking at developing new 
offerings on the Engineering business for these verticals’ ma'am? 
Akhila Balachandar 
On the Engineering side, if you remember some time back, we had got the approvals 
that are required and we are now certified to start supplying as a tier two supplier to 
the aerospace components, and therefore, some work has been done. But these are 
long gestation projects and long gestation contracts as and when we get. So, this is 
something that we are going ahead with. But as of now, it's not something substantial 
for me to report back. 
Moderator 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule 
Ventures.  
Krisha Kansara 
I had one follow-up question. So given our target of, let's say, 5x revenue in the next 
5 or 6 years, that I understand that it is organic growth as well as some strategic 
acquisition, inclusive of all this, my question is more on our existing business. 
Organically speaking, how can we look at the next two years let's say for our main 
three businesses, which is the Engine business, the Retail business, and the Excel 
Controlinkage? What kind of growth can we expect organically from these three main 
divisions of our business? 
Akhila Balachandar 
So Krisha, first and foremost, I would not be able to share a forward guidance, say 
for a 1-year or 2-year period. What we have shared is the Board's ambition and vision 
of achieving Rs. 15,000 crore by 2030. If you take our last 4-5 years journey, where 
we have really moved on from being a single product Company to now having 
multiple applications, auto, non-auto, being fuel agnostic, we now have products 
catering to diesel engine, CNG, and we are doing work in hydrogen space also. We 
also have products catering to the e-powertrain for the three wheelers in L3 and L5 
segments. So, the idea has been to diversify the product portfolio, the application 
portfolio, and also focus on the export markets. And this is really what has been 
propelling our growth over the last 6-8 quarters. So, a lot of the building blocks are 
in place, and I think we should start seeing better results over the next few quarters. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Akhila Balachandar 
Thank you all for attending this meeting and wish you all a very good afternoon and 
a good evening. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Greaves Cotton Limited, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 

12 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. 
This transcript contains statements that contain "forward looking statements" including, but without limitation, 
statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to Greaves 
Cotton ("Greaves" or the Company) future business developments and economic performance. While these 
forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of 
our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments 
and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general 
market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest 
rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties 
dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial 
performance. Greaves undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
GREAVES ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite approvals, market 
conditions and other considerations, to make an initial public offering of its equity shares and has filed a draft 
red herring prospectus dated December 23, 2024 (“DRHP”) with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. The DRHP 
is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in , on the websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE 
and NSE at www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com , respectively, on the website of the Company at 
www.greaveselectricmobility.com  and on the websites of the BRLMs, i.e. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors 
Limited at www.motilaloswalgroup.com, IIFL Capital Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities 
Limited) at www.iiflcap.com  and JM Financial Limited at www.jmfl.com , respectively. Any potential investors 
should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. For details, potential investors 
should refer to the red herring prospectus which may be filed with the Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu 
at Chennai in the future. Potential Bidders should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI and the Stock 
Exchanges in making any investment decision. 
This announcement does not constitute an invitation or offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction. The 
Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
("U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and 
applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are only being offered and sold (i) within 
the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in 
private transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act, and (ii) outside the 
United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction 
where those offers and sales occur. There will be no public offering of the Equity Shares in the United States. 
 
 
