* . 
Asah1Songwon 
Ref: ASCL/SEC/2025-26/ 12 
May 15, 2025 
1. To, 
2. To, 
The General Manager 
The General Manager (Listing) 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
}st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Plot No. C / 1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532853 
NSE Trading Symbol: ASAHISONG 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON MAY 12, 2025 
WITH 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ANALYST 
ON 
THE 
FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE OF Q4FY25 
REF: REGULATION 30 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of 
Conference Call held on Monday, May 12, 2025 at 11:30 a.m. (1ST) with 
investors and analyst on the financial performance of Q4FY25. 
The said transcript will also be made available at the website of the Company 
at www.asahisongwon.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
SAJIJOSEPH 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Asahi Songwon Colors Ltd. 
CIN: L24222GJ1990PLC014789 
Regd. Office: "Asahi House", 20, Times Corporate Park, Thaltej - Shilaj Road, 
Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380 059, Gujarat, India. 
Tele : 91-79 48239999, 29617815 • Fax : 91-79 6832 5099 • Web Site: www.asahisongwon.com ~~ 
1SO14001:2015 
OMS 004 
Rogistered 
A MEMBER 
IMS-OE/JAS.C0061/0403 
OF IAF KLA 
® 
JOSEPH SAJI 
VARGHESE
Digitally signed by JOSEPH SAJI VARGHESE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=382421, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=F662E94FE05F3094D34A3BA45CC3264
4EB51DD9912AF9095FC526D2D0BBCA361, 
cn=JOSEPH SAJI VARGHESE 
Date: 2025.05.15 15:28:09 +05'30'

 
 
“Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
Q4&FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GOKUL M. JAYKRISHNA 
JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO  
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARJUN G. JAYKRISHNA  
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. MITESH PATEL 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. PRATIK SHAH 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJI V. JOSEPH 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
 
---= 
~ 
Asahtsongwon 
' 
---
til 

Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
Q4FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Asahi 
Songwon Colors Limited Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes.  
 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sayam Pokharna from TIL 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
 
Sayam Pokharna:  Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 
Welcome, everyone, and thank you for taking out the time to 
join this Q4 and FY25 earnings conference call of Asahi 
Songwon Colors Limited. The results and investor updates have 
already been emailed to you and are available on the Stock 
Exchange and company website.  
 
To take us through today's results for the quarter and the 
whole financial year and answer your questions, we have with 
us from the management team, Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna - Joint 
Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Arjun Jaykrishna - Executive 
Director, Mr. Mitesh Patel - Executive Director, Mr. Pratik Shah 
- Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Saji Joseph - Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer. We will be starting with a 
brief overview of the quarter and financial year from Mr. 
Jaykrishna, which will be followed by a Q&A session.  
 
Before we proceed ahead, I would like to remind you all that 
anything and everything that is said on this call reflecting any 
outlook for the future which can be construed as a forward-
looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the risk 
and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties 
have been entailed in our annual reports. Thank you. Over to 
you, Mr. Jaykrishna.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Good morning, everyone. I'm very happy to welcome you all to 
Asahi’s FY25 conference call. Being a specialty chemical and 
API company with reasonably large overall export exposure, we 
are generally a proxy to the global economy. As we all know, we 
have witnessed and are actually witnessing very turbulent 
times with uncertainties and lots of volatility from Trump tariffs 
and the tariff wars to huge currency fluctuations such as 
which we haven't witnessed in a very long time. Wars across 
the world including in India as well with Pakistan recently. So, 

there is enough in a lot of volatility I personally like volatility. 
Volatility, turbulence and uncertainties invariably spring up 
opportunities which are unusual, time will tell how our side 
and our team stands up to take advantage of these 
opportunities but it is definitely a springboard, a quick 
springboard to future growth if we play our cards right.  
 
As we navigate these uncertain times, I am very happy to 
report that this year Asahi and our team has stood up well to 
these challenges and turbulent times and emerged stronger 
than ever before. I hope that we have created a platform from 
which we can scale up and go in a reasonable manner and take 
advantage of the changing global dynamics. With this, I would 
like to give you a very quick snapshot of the consolidated 
results. All of you, most of you would have already looked at it. 
So, I would not go into the details of it, rather I'll give a 
snapshot and then we'll move into a Q&A where you can ask 
the question.  
 
For the year, our revenues have moved from 429 crores in 2024 
to 566 crores in 2025. This is a 32% increase. Our EBITDA has 
increased from 21 crores in 2024 to 60 crores in 2025. This is 
a 185% increase in EBITDA. Our EBITDA margins have 
doubled from 5% to 10% this year. PAT we were negative and 
now we stand at about 17 crores positive. Our total debt, which 
stood at 200 crores in 2024 March stood at 160 crores this 
March, we continue to deleverage as our cash flows show a lot 
of strength. Our cash flows from operations which were 9 
crores positive in 2024 have come out to 57 crores positive. In 
2025. This improvement is on account of four factors, 30 crores 
from pockets and 25 crores, a combination of improvement in 
payables, receivables and inventory levels.  
 
Looking forward to the coming year with these turbulent times, 
there is a lot of consolidation that has happened within our 
company. We are coming towards the end or have already come 
to an end of a three-year CapEx cycle. Now we have to as a 
team Asahi, improve our utilization levels in our new segments 
of businesses, which are the AZO pigment business and the 
API and continue to do well with our dominating position in the 
pigment blue business. Going forward, we look forward to a top 
line growth of about 15%, EBITDA growth of about 25% and 
PBT growth of about 65% for the next year.  
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions.  
 
Moderator:  
 The first question is from the line of Yashvi from Molecule 
Ventures. Please go ahead.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

Yashvi:  
Thank you for this opportunity. So, my first question is, in the 
last call you had mentioned about the delay in the capacity 
expansion due to shipping delays due to the Chinese New Year. 
What is the update on the new line for yellow pigment? What is 
the incremental capacity that is added or will be added and 
what is the investment which is made for the capacity 
expansion?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So that delay is now over the Chinese. The Chinese equipment 
is already on its way and it should be fully operational within 
about three to four months. So, they should add about 40 tons 
to our existing capacity of yellow and what was the other 
question you want to ask on this account? 
 
Yashvi:  
 
What is the investment which is made?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: The Capex is about 5 crores.  
 
Yashvi:  
 
OK.  
 
Yashvi:  
 
Which has already been done now.  
 
Yashvi:  
 
OK. 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 5 to 6 crores. I don't remember the exact number. Mitesh or 
Pratik Bhai, can you throw light on the exact number?  
 
Management:  
So, it is around 4 crores 80 lakhs.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yeah, so 5 crores. I was right on 5 and this is more or less 
completely over.  
 
Yashvi:  
OK. And in the commentary, you had mentioned about the 
tariff opening up an opportunity to scale up the AZO business. 
Can you please explain what sort of positive momentum you 
have started seeing? Are there any fresh inquiries that we are 
that we are witnessing and also on the profitability front, we've 
been trying to become part positive and AZO business for the 
last few years, do you think these tariffs in place we will finally 
be able to achieve it?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, I will let Arjun answer this question in detail, Yashvi, but 
basically 
the 
tariffs 
have 
certainly 
thrown 
up 
some 
opportunities. The blue business remains unaffected because 
there is no competition from China in the blue business. So 
that largely remains unaffected because India has a very 
dominating position in the blue business as far. As the AZO 
business is concerned, Arjun would like to take that question.  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. Thanks, Yashvi for the question. As our CEO said, the 
blue business will largely be unaffected as all the players are 
already Indian. So, the tariff is equivalent on all competitors. 
So, there we hope to maintain and continue the good business 
we've been doing in the US. For the AZO, it's a pretty good 

opportunity. The way the AZO landscape is built as we have 
said previously and it's very well known that China dominates 
the global share for AZOs. So even when we talk about the US, 
the large majority of imports of AZOs were Chinese. That is 
where the opportunity for all Indian makers is thrown up, we 
feel that we are in a very good position to be able to take some 
of this opportunity because as we know the largest pigment as 
a player from India, Sudarshan is very well positioned, they are 
in a good place to take up this opportunity. Barring that, we 
feel we are the best positioned out of the remaining azo players 
from India, we feel that we are in the right position with the 
available capacity as well as the thirst for growth. So, we have 
already started engaging with some people in the US. We are 
working hard to get the products there and take advantage of 
this tariff. We are already seeing inquiries and what we feel is 
that for certain large customers where we have discussed in 
the past that due to sensitive applications and several holding 
periods, we see that the approval period takes six months to a 
year even, but the advantage through this tariff, what I have 
felt is for some of our key customers, we are going to be able to 
expedite that since it is in our and their interest to get 
approved quickly and we are hoping that we will be able to 
reflect that into performance for the AZO commercially by next 
quarter.  
 
Yashvi:  
I just want to understand like does this development profile or 
does it just have the top line growth?  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So again, a good question. I think it would very certainly 
and obviously help the top line, but also, we will strive for it to 
impact the bottom line as well. We in general are exports for 
the AZO have been only about 10% of our business. So, we will 
look over the next year in the US as well as other opportunities 
to grow that and double that out for this year, which will have 
a positive impact on the bottom line as well.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, Yashvi, quickly to sum it up, you know the export business 
out of the ATC basket, which is currently 90 domestic, 10 
export should look to about 20-25% coming from export for 
this financial year. And our top client should be growing at 
about 25% from 70 crores to roughly 90 crores and the EBITDA 
should also be growing substantially. We have had EBITDA 
positive year for the first time in the history of ATC since last 
three years we've been struggling a bit, but we've had a bit of 
positive year and now we hope to you know take it forward in a 
strong way and close our EBITDA should improve significantly 
going forward in this year.  
 
Yashvi:  
OK, Sir. And on the API business front, since the acquisition, 
the profitability of the business has always been subdued. 
Sales have even dropped to levels that are lower than when we 
made this acquisition. So, we're acquiring the assets we had 
planned to enhance the profitability day by doing the backward 
integration. That we have done that CapEx, we still can't see 

any impact on the financials. Can you please explain what are 
the challenges we have?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: I'll quickly answer this. So, the Backward Integration project 
has gone on well. We are at about good utilization levels and 
it's performing also well on margins as well the backward 
integration. What has not worked in favor of atlas performance 
is the prices of the products, particularly the main product 
Pregabalin have really crashed. So, the last whole year has 
been, we have seen about a 15% decrease in the prices of most 
of the products. So, despite that we have achieved 12% growth 
in revenues. So, our volumes have actually gone up by 25% 
and the backward integration has helped us navigate through 
this and you know, come out with a year which is not too bad. 
Our EBITDA have improved by from 5 crores to 10 and a half 
crores. But yeah, it should have been better. It is not because 
of the sharp increase in competition and drop in prices which 
will result in consolidation going forward as lot of the weak 
players in these products will stop making these products for 
sure. And the product itself has a very good future. I mean it's 
not going to, I mean, the next 5-7 years, 10 years look quite 
good for the product. So, we have to just sustain.  
 
Yashvi:  
 
OK. Also, it would be great if you could… 
 
Moderator:  
I’m sorry to interrupt you, Yashvi. There are others who are 
waiting for their turn. Can you please rejoin the queue for 
follow up questions?  
 
Yashvi:  
 
Yeah, sure. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. Thank you. We'll take the next question 
from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from Ithought financial 
consulting. Please go ahead.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. Congratulations on the 
great set of numbers. What is the current capacity utilization 
for Blues and can we sustain 35% gross margin in this 
segment?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So current capacity utilization Rudraksh is about 85-87%. 
Arjun, can you take the question on the gross margins, 
generally our team has done well. So, Arjun will take this 
question.  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So, to answer your question, I think our CEO gave the 
general utilization. We don't want to delve too much into those 
details. What I can tell you is that, yes, the from a gross margin 
point of view as we have said previously, we've had last year 
was not like we’ve wanted. We have given a stronger 
performance this year and we are confident that we will be able 
to replicate the gross margin and overall numbers of the blue 
business going forward as well.  
 

Gokul Jaykrishna: Rudraksh, to add to what Arjun said, the blue business itself 
remains extremely challenging and the general environment for 
the blue business isn't very robust. The demand is not that 
strong, but generally we have been able to do quite well 
because of some engineering improvements and efficiency 
improvements at high. So, we should be probably likely to 
sustain the gross margin.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Got it, Sir. Got it. And since we have done exceptionally well in 
all in the power and fuel front, if I'm looking at your numbers 
on a percentage basis, it is the lowest in this quarter ever, it's 
like 7% that we have done. I'm talking about the blue segment 
only. So, could you help us understand this? Is it only the 
crude prices in the commodity market that are low or we have 
done some internal cost saving measures? 
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Can I take that question?  
 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yeah, please.  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  So unfortunately, we cannot delve too much into this due to 
revealing, you know what we are doing even to competitors. I 
think you've noted it perfectly. We have consciously worked on 
this. We are as our CEO said you know the industry continues 
to not have that robust demand or yet the kind of impetus we 
would want. Yet we have been able to, through factors like this 
work internally and give the numbers that that we have done. 
So, I think we would refrain from giving exact details and I 
hope you can understand because of the competitive landscape 
that we can't share exactly, you know what we are doing to get 
the added benefits in this segment.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Just to clarify, but whatever we are doing that is sustainable 
for the long term.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Understood, Sir. Understood. And in the API segment, Q4 has 
seen some margin contraction versus Q3. And Sir, could you 
guide us the sustainable level of EBIT margins as we can 
expect. Last quarter, I think we saw some backward integration 
effect, but now margins are contracted again.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So generally, Rudraksh, the EBITDA margins for the API 
business have improved from 5% to 10%, QoQ basis, which are 
the fluctuations that you see are due to the decrease in the 
price of some of the products. So, this is the ongoing challenge 
that we are facing in the industry right now. We are not very 
perturbed about this because you know our position in the 
industry is that we have to be efficient and sustain this 
downturn. Automatically the weak players, the unorganized 
players, are going to fall out because the margins are for them. 
If we are having these low margins, they are having actually 
negative margins. So, what I can tell you is in this segment that 
we operate, the APIs in which we operate, we are better than 
most of our competitors if not all, in some of the products and 

this gives us the sustainability for the next few months or even 
if it takes the whole year to withstand that and see that the 
consolidation takes place, some of the unorganized sectors fall 
out and then automatically there should be an improvement in 
the segment. But going forward, the EBITDA margins we 
project would be in double digits, low double digits, so about 
10 to 11% for the full year for the consolidated atlas 
performance. And also, on the top line we should see a 
reasonable improvement about 25% on top line for the year so 
that means that the total overall EBITDA also should improve 
by about 25 odd percent if we are able to maintain 10-11% 
margins there. And then we will look for opportunities to get 
into other products which you know could give a scale in.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Understood. Understood sir. So, could you walk us through 
your plan for this year regarding new products and new 
markets expansion for API segment?  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So, for the API segment to achieve, generally the 
numbers that that our CEO mentioned, we are working as we 
have even described briefly in the past, I'll run you through 
what our plan is over the next two years. So, you know, we 
already since the last call we have been working quite a bit 
with our internal R&D team as well as closely tied with the 
marketing team as well on launching new products, we have 
made a statement. We are very much looking forward to over 
the next years moving from a single product company to a 
multi-product API company, so what we plan to do is that we 
plan to leverage the advantages of Odhav as well as Chhatral 
units and work as one. So, when I say that to be more specific, 
we are for one, we will be looking to add a new segment to our 
main product by applying for accreditations, for example, 
within the next year to give you a channel we hope to achieve 
CEP certification. We are in line to apply for it within the next 
few months, and we hope within the next year we will have got 
this certification adding that new level of customers and 
entering slightly more developed countries by increasing our 
exports to them. Apart from this and strengthening for a main 
product, we will also be adding new products. So, within the 
next few months we are already we have taken trials and we 
are launching some new products in the market. Obviously, 
this comes with a slight caveat that whenever you add a new 
product and try to gain volumes without being backward 
integrated, we may not immediately see the numbers we want 
but over the next year, we plan to launch these molecules and 
over the next two years, we plan to be making them even from 
a few stages backwards so that we can create a similar thing 
that we have created for pregabalin in the market for certain 
other molecules as well. So, we are working on those and at the 
same time as we have described in the past, we continue to 
leverage our advantages at Odhav where we have a very well-
functioning unit where we will be launching certain smaller 
volume molecules that will hopefully add to our bottom line in 
the next two years.  

 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Understood. Understood.  
 
Moderator:  
We'll take the next thank you, Sir. We'll take the next question 
from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Hi, good morning, everyone and congratulations for our very 
strong numbers. Sir, my first question is I think Gokul bhai, 
you guided that on the side you know we'll go from 70 crores to 
probably 90 crores kind of number and largely export the 
market will drive this growth. So, we were working with three 
or four large customers for various product approvals. So, is 
this growth contingent upon getting such approvals or do we 
already have those approvals in ways and you know we are 
waiting for commercial supply, some, some kind of an 
indication as to what gives us, you know, confidence for the 
strong growth on the side? 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you, Dhwanil. Dhwanil, is it ok if because Arjun may be 
more appropriately able to answer this question. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Sure, either of you.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yeah. Arjun, can you take this?  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. No, thank you for the question. I think as you rightly 
said, you know, we have been working with certain customers 
in the export region and to answer specifically, it is actually a 
mix of the two. So, there are certain global MNC customers to 
whom we have gotten approvals and sent trial orders as well 
and for those we would be waiting to for them to use the 
product in bulk and then move directly to commercial 
quantities and at the same time with the new opportunity say 
with the US as well as that, there is a few things you're working 
on in Europe where we are looking to get new approvals, but 
we are now in a position where we can confidently say that over 
the next year, we have certain approvals in place and hence we 
are confident that the numbers that CEO gave about what we 
plan to achieve with the export, we are confident of achieving 
that and we have certain approvals already in place and we are 
we are working on a few others as well. So, within the next few 
months we should be having enough to back up those numbers 
and statement.  
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Sure, sure. And we did incremental growth is going to be driven 
by largely the scale up on the yellow side or do you think that 
the red pigment also is kind of picking up and you know we are 
seeing increased capacity utilization on that side, more orders, 
some color on that?  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So, to answer the question, you know, we have 
historically said and we were faster in growth in the yellow, but 
the red side has definitely started to pick up. We have 

consciously worked on it both from the production side as well 
as the marketing side. And we are confident that the red side 
over the next six months to a year will also give good growth 
and performance. So, we feel that it will be driven by both the 
red and yellow side making a move and we are hoping that 
since we were a little slower in the red in the past, over the next 
year, we can we are confident with approvals and things in the 
pipeline and in place that we will work hard and we are 
confident that the red will make percentage wise even a faster 
growth in the yellow. So, we are we are going to use leverage 
both the red and the yellow over the next six months.  
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Sure, sure. Very helpful, Arjun. A second question on the API 
side. I think again, you know we are launching new products 
this year, next year. So again, at our strategy level, wanted to 
understand that in Pregabalin essentially what we did was we 
did backward integration and now trying to do the cost 
leadership model and thereby in higher market share, so in the 
incremental products that we are launching, you know product 
this year and next year, are we intending to follow the same 
strategy and I understand that backward integration may not 
happen immediately, but let's say over a period of next 2-3 
years do we see full backward integration? Is that a part of the 
product selection process? Some kind of an understanding on 
that would be helpful, Arjun.  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So, to answer your question very specifically, I think you 
pretty much summed it up perfectly in the question itself that 
it cannot happen immediately. But our goal at Atlas is that you 
know, we will launch molecules and this will the decision of 
when and how to go backward will obviously depend on the 
scale and the vision we have for the product, obviously when 
we launch several products over few months, we would not be 
backward integrated for all of them. But the idea remains and 
the thought remains that for products that we see good growth 
for products that we see can really add strength to a basket. 
Our eventual goal would certainly be to also be backward 
integrated. We feel that Asahi as a company, you know we have 
successfully done it with the blue. We have successfully done it 
with pregabalin and hence we feel that to really gain market 
share and do well in the market, we will be backward 
integrated for the molecules we launch and see good scope in 
the market for.  
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
And last question you know is Gokul by you gave a very strong 
guidance and we all know that the operating environment 
overall in the industry is quite challenging for all too many 
things going on in the geopolitical side. But still, we are giving a 
very strong guidance. So, at a broader level what gives us 
confidence to, you know, do such strong numbers. You know if 
you can expand on that? 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: This is a very good question. So, two things. One, as I said 
earlier and most of you know that we are coming towards the 

end of a Capex cycle, so the requirement of capital over the 
next two years is likely to not be, at least for the next one year, 
is not going to be there at all almost and at the same time, 
since we have just finished the Capex cycle, we are just coming 
off the peak of the debt deleveraging. So, we've started the 
deleveraging process, it's going on faster than even we had 
estimated and hopefully if we are able to do well and generate 
good free cash and deleverage, of course our bottom line will be 
impacted more than the top line. So that is 1 simple matter. 
The second thing is, as we have already finished, the Capex is 
on toward the new business segments, the AZO and the API. 
Now the challenge over the next two years is going to be 
utilization first, so has the utilization improves it will 
automatically add to the EBITDAs and also decrease our 
overhead cost. And then we could probably after those one or 
two years start concentration concentrating more on the 
EBITDA margins per say. So right now, you know if we do well 
over the next year or two years for utilizing our capacities and 
creating new customers and geographic markets for the AZO 
business and the API business, we even without dramatic 
improvement in the EBITDA margins, we should be able to see 
good improvement in the bottom line because the overheads 
will be coming down and also the leverage will be coming down. 
So that was the reason why you know, we are thinking that the 
top line growth will be decent at about 15%, but the EBITDA 
and the PBT growth would probably be much faster.  
 
Dhwanil Desai:   
It's very helpful. Makes total sense. Thank you. Thanks a lot, 
and wish you all the best.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you, Dhwanil. Thanks a lot.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from 
Simpl. Please go ahead.  
 
Nikhil:  
Yeah, hi. Congratulations on good improvement and very 
strong expectations or for the next year. Two three questions. 
Sir, I heard you like we are capacity is we have the capacity. 
So, in a way we are ready to meet whatever demand come. My 
question is more on the demand side. When you are discussing 
with your customers, what is the sense you are getting on how 
is the demand shaping up considering all this volatility? And 
secondly, if we look at our incremental share of whatever 
demand is getting generated, are we taking more share from 
and this increasing share is because of capacities which shut 
down in last one, 1, 1 and a 1/2 years, just some sense on how 
the industry is moving at the pigment side?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, the general demand scenario in the pigment business is not 
very robust. It's improved a bit, but again now with the 
uncertainties and the tariffs and all of course there may be 
some inflationary impacts and hence there could be slightly 
tepid demand going forward as well. It may be remaining 
similar to what it is. We had a terrible year or two in 23 and 

half of 24, in terms of demand from there, we have come a long 
way and demand has improved about 20 odd percent, but it is 
not back to normal demand levels. Now, given the uncertainties 
of the tariffs and possible increases in inflation, there would be 
probably not a huge expectation this year that demand will 
suddenly come back to normal. Eventually at some point it 
should because global consumption patterns should revert to 
its normal mean at some point of time, but I don't see it 
happening this year. So, then it comes to us internally what 
you ask the second part of it. So, it is coming more from what 
we are able to gain in terms of market share and that we do by 
better utilization and maintaining better efficiencies.  
 
Nikhil:  
 
OK. Thanks for that first part.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: If the demand comes through, if the demand comes through, 
then it is a bonus, but we are not going to sit and wait for that 
to happen because it's not happened. I mean it's improved a 
bit. Of course, inventory levels have come off a lot. So, the 
pricing has the pressure has come off a bit, but still the 
demand environment to be estimate will remain tipping.  
 
Nikhil:  
OK. And if we look at our pigments number for this quarter? 
Would you give a sense of how is the break up between volume 
growth and price growth like what would be the split? Is it 
50:50 or is it more tilted towards volume? Some sense if you 
can give?  
 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yeah, yeah, I would say there is of 50:50 divide between 
volume and price or maybe 65:35 because it depends on the 
product to product. But generally, I would say in that basket 
about 65/60 coming from volumes and about 35 from that.  
 
Nikhil:  
Which is a good indication on the price because I think barring 
last three 2-3 quarters, price was actually very bad.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yeah.  
 
Nikhil:  
If we are getting price increase So what is supporting this price 
increase? Is it RM inflation or is it because you said demand 
has come up by 20-25%? And parallelly what we have seen is 
that some level of further consolidation happened at the 
industry. So, is it like supplies have gone down like the 
capacities have gone down, that is giving better realization or is 
it RM inflation is just getting added with the getting reflected in 
better realization?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: I understood your question, so it is a factor of two things. 
Demand is not a key driver for this yet. As I said, it remains 
tepid. The environment is not that sexy for the business yet. 
So, it's not so much coming from demand. So, it is coming from 
1 the consolidation because you know we as well as many 
others, everyone not many other everyone was operating below 
cost actually to be honest. So now that scenario because of the 

inventory we're talking in the global pipeline that scenario is 
gone at least you don't have to operate at those levels and then 
the second one is that you know partially be due to the raw 
material input cost increase and partially due to some demand 
improvement we have seen some improvement in the prices.  
 
Nikhil:  
OK going forward when we mentioned when you gave the 
guidance that for FY 26, our sales growth would be good and 
EBITDA growth would actually be much better. If then there 
are two ways to look at it. One is year on year improvement in 
EBITDA margin and second way is a sustenance of the EBITDA 
margins at the Q4 level. So, because in many quarters Q4 has, 
we've now come to almost 13-14% margin, which was historic 
margin level. So, do you think ee can improve from this 13-14 
to 15-16 or is it like we believe that we will sustain at this level 
and look at more volume?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, I'll tell you basically what I think you know, the reason why 
we are expecting internally that the EBITDA margin should 
grow a little faster than the top line is because the EBITDA 
margins in the API as well as the AZO business which are you 
know which have improved from last year definitely, significant 
improvement, but they are far from what we desire. So, we 
expect that the EEBITDA there will increase faster than the top 
line, hence the overall console EBITDA will be better than the 
top line growth.  
 
Nikhil:  
OK. And just last question, in the initial discussion you 
mentioned that gabapentin, the prices had pressed and many 
of the players who were not able to operate are actually making 
losses. And following you mentioned that this product is still 
really attractive over a longer term, so you won't like to 
discontinue it, but probably just wait through and let this 
period go off. So, what attracts you to this product? And how 
do you see capacity consolidation happening in this?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So attractive is a relative term. I mean is this product going to 
be very attractive in that sense that it will be very what I meant 
is that the demand for the product is not going to disappear, 
it's not caught the, I mean it's not going to see obsolescence for 
the next day I didn't mean that there is going to be very 
attractive. So, the consolidation itself because right now the 
prices have gone down and a lot of the players, I'm sure are 
operating below cost. We have our advantage because of 
backward integration and we want to play upon this advantage 
to sustain the business and see when the opportunity strikes, 
how to take it forward. At the same time, we will continue to 
keep our eye out as Arjun has mentioned very clearly earlier 
that we would be looking at getting into over the next this is 
not going to happen in quarter or two quarters, but over the 
next two years getting into more molecules. So, our dependence 
on pre cabinet will decrease because it's not a very sexy 
molecule that it's going to suddenly become major weak. We 
are not expecting that it is going to improve margins by itself or 

we are going to triple our sales there. That's not the case. So, to 
utilize our capacities, we will look at other molecules while here 
we will consolidate and utilize our backward integration to 
create advantage in the space which makes the business 
sustainable. That is the best we can guide right now because 
yeah, it's not a very high margin business right now at all. And 
doesn't this not like that's going to change over the next couple 
of years. So, we don't see any new money or CapEx being spent 
behind this, even we won't spend any CapEx behind pregabalin 
and we would rather do that by finding other molecules which 
could, over the next three to four years, help us scale and 
achieve better at better EBITDA margin.  
 
Nikhil:  
 
OK, sure. Thanks a lot. Thanks for that.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sai Ganesh 
from Square 64 Capital Advisors LLP. Please go ahead.  
 
Sai Ganesh:  
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know about the 
anti-dumping duty rate imposed on as of pigments as of March 
29, 2025. What is the percentage?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: The AZO business has seen this anti-dumping on China. 
Mitesh, what is the percentage currently?  
 
Mitesh Patel:  
So, it's varied from 20 to 30%.  
 
Sai Ganesh:  
20 to 30% are we seeing any volume of peak after that duty 
imposed? Our volume of peaks.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yes, you should. I mean, it's just happened now. So, you know, 
we haven't seen any immediate uptick in our volumes, but will 
we see some opportunities and uptick in the volumes? Yes, for 
sure we are exploring this opportunity. Yeah, it takes a little 
time when they want to do the switch because these products 
are specialty products and very difficult for any user to switch 
immediately. But as you mentioned the anti-dumping duty is a 
reality and a 20 to 30% duty on China clearly means that they 
are not going to be able to they're eventually going to lose the 
business in India for this volume, whatever they had. So, we 
will hope to get part of that volume for sure.  
 
Sai Ganesh:  
OK. and my 0another question is regarding the CEP filing that 
we are planning. It is for the pregabalin molecule or there are 
other APIs included as well?  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So, the CEP would be per molecule and that is how the 
system also we will be applying for pregabalin at the moment 
and this is what you know to also a little bit to your previous 
questions and stuff, we will be doing internally. You know what 
is in our hand to get our products more globally approved in 
time, increase our market share through that fashion and that 

is the path we vision out for pregabalin so it would be per 
molecule, the application would be for pregabalin only.  
 
Sai Ganesh:   
Ok, thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar 
Shah from Sumangal Investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Vipul Kumar Shah: Hi. Congratulations Sir for very good numbers. Si, if I heard 
you correctly, you said you gave a guidance of 15% sales 
growth, 25% EBITDA growth and 65% PBT growth. Is that 
correct, Sir?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So yeah, we are we are hoping to have a 15% top line growth, 
25% EBITDA growth and about a 50 to 65% PBT.  
 
Vipul Kumar Shah: That is for 25-26, right?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yeah.  
 
Vipul Kumar Shah: And for that, so what you building that guidance, what type of 
capacity utilization you build in that guidance for your Azo 
segment and what was the capacity utilization last year?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, Vipul bhai, basically capacity utilization on the AZOs was 
about 64% for last year for the yellows and red put together 
and we are hoping to improve that to about 85 percent, 80 to 
85% this year, that is not a huge a top line growth, that will 
improve the top line from a 70 crores to 90 crores, which is 
about a 26-27% growth in the top line of the AZOs and the 
EBITDA of course should improve significantly.  
 
Vipul Kumar Shah: So, would you like to share the AZO EBITDA? What was that 
last year and what you're expecting this year?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: The last year EBITDA is there because we moved from a 
negative EBITDA in 24 to a positive, it's marginally positive at 
about one 1, 1 and a half crores of EBITDA and we would of 
course you know on 90 crores, we are looking to have an 
EBITDA of 8-10%, so we should be getting about 8 crores of 
EBITDA. So, in percentage terms, its large percentage, but that 
we can't, that's nothing great because our EBITDAs this year 
were low. So that is where the on a console basis, the EBITDA 
number is better than the top line.  
 
Vipul Kumar Shah: And lastly if you achieve the numbers which you are hoping 
for, then the increase cash flow, would it be used to retire the 
debt or what will be the use of the increased cash generation?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Good question, Vipul bhai. Very, very good question. So 
currently our cash generation is quite strong and the way we 
are thinking right now - short term, we are looking to still 
continuing to deleverage. Longer term, we would definitely want 
to grow. Does it make sense? I mean, am I answering that 

question for you for the for this year, I would say that because 
you have already guided that we're not going to do any major 
capex's so the cash generation would go into retiring some debt 
further. So, our total debt equity has dropped from it was 0.75 
total debt to equity, not long term, I mean long and short 
combined was 0.75 debt to equity which is currently standing 
at 0.55. So, this we are looking to see that it drops below 0.5 
and a EBITDA to debt, which was very high last year, has 
dropped to 2.5 times this year and likely to be dropping below 
2 in the coming year. Then of course, if you look at it from a 
three-year perspective, of course once we get utilization levels 
over the year, we will look to put the free cash into to work and 
you know do some CapEx to generate skin.  
 
Vipul Kumar Shah: OK, Sir. Thank you very much and all the best.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you, Vipul bhai.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer 
from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. 2 questions from my side. 
So firstly, if I see your operating cash flow, I see that in last five 
years, I mean this is the highest operating cash flow we have 
managed to make, ok. So, just to understand what was our 
networking capital days as on end of this year versus what it 
was in FY24?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Pratik bhai - our CFO will take the question on the net working 
days. I will again you know I said it in my opening 
commentary, but I'll just quickly touch upon it. Yes, we've had 
a very strong year in terms of cash flow. 30 crores have come 
from profits and 25 odd crores has come from a combination of 
improved 
payables, 
improved 
receivables 
and 
improved 
inventory levels, and we hope to maintain this efficiency. Pratik 
bhai, can you take Mr. Iyers question on the exact number of 
days.  
 
Pratik Shah:  
Sure. So, the exact days for 24 or the working capital turn was 
2.8 at the end of 24, which is stands at 3.65 at end of March 
25.  
 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Sorry. 2.? Sorry I didn't get it.  
 
Pratik Shah:  
2.8 and as of March 25, it is 3.65.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: The working capital turn.  
 
Vignesh Iyer:  
OK. I mean in terms of days; you're talking about the ratio to 
2.8 to 3.65. 
 
Pratik Shah:  
So, in terms of days, if you work out roughly for last week, it 
was around 130 days and currently it is around 102 days.  
 

Vignesh Iyer:  
OK, so I mean I got the number. Thank you. And secondly, 
more on the consolidated level, if I see for the entire year, our 
taxation stands at 33% roughly, can you tell me if you're going 
to opt for the 25% tax bracket in the coming year?  
 
Pratik Shah:  
Yes. So, it is 25% only, but because of the entity we have 4 
entities in the group or the consolidated numbers and the tax 
treatment is different as compared to the books consolidation 
and therefore you are seeing a higher rate of taxation.  
 
Vignesh Iyer:  
So, for modelling going at we consider for 30 days, right?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Mr. Iyer I'll add to this answer. So, see the generally from the 
taxation point of view, the lower tax entities currently are not 
PAT positive, which is why overall tax rate seems to be higher. 
Once the two entities which are PAT positive kick in then the 
impact on PAT will be higher than the increase in EBITDA.  
 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Got it, got it. Got it, Sir. Thank you. Thank you, Sir. That's all 
from my side and all the best.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat Sethia 
from Idot PMS. Please go ahead.  
 
Rajat Sethia:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. First of all, congratulations on 
great set of numbers. First question about CPC blue segment, 
what is the maximum achievable capacity utilization in this 
segment?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Rajat bhai, with the blue, we are already at pretty much 
maximum, so I would not expect too much more in terms of 
utilization on a sustainable basis out of that.  
 
Rajat Sethia:  
So, the growth in this segment will largely be driven by pricing 
growth or there are I mean the debottlenecking making 
opportunities that exist? 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, we are not forecasting too much growth coming out of this 
segment, honestly. As I said, it's not I mean we are doing well, 
but generally the industry is a very challenging times and you 
know there is significant capacity in the industry. So, we would 
continue to do what we are doing, but I would not see any to be 
very frank and honest, I would not see you know great growth 
or anything coming out of it.  
 
Rajat Sethia:  
Understood, Sir, thank you. On the API side about this 
pregabalin being categorized as a narcotic drug, do you see the 
major impact in the business because of that particular 
development or not here?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: I don't think we are having any impact due to that as of now. 
Mitesh, would you want to throw some light on this?  
 

Mitesh Patel:  
Basically, we are selling only to regulated customers. So, we 
hope we don't have any impact. Although we are selling to 
regulated customers, but ultimately demand may get impacted. 
We don't think we have any impact.  
 
Rajat Sethia:  
OK. And just finally, if you can comment on the pricing outlook 
for different segments for the whole year?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Going forward to comment on a futuristic pricing outlook 
would be very treacherous. You know the volatility is are very 
high and you know it would what I would say is generally 
across all three segments, generally we should be in a position 
to pass on any increases if we see them, but on conversely, if 
there is a decrease in the input cost also, we would have to 
probably pass that on as well. So, I would say very difficult to 
for, you know, kind of forecast whether the prices are likely to, 
you know, go up or go down. We at Asahi, we don't actually pay 
too much attention to trying to forecast that what our job is 
that whatever the environment is, in that environment, we 
should be able to maximize the opportunity. So even if the raw 
material prices were to go up, we would not be concerned if 
they go down, we would not be too excited.  
 
Rajat Sethia:  
Thank you so much. I'm sure its the best.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Agrawal 
from RC Business House Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
 
Ankur Agrawal:  
Thanks for the opportunity. What is the currently ROCE for 
this year?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: This year, ROCE stands at about ROCE is about 10 to 11% on 
a consolidated basis, which was much lower last year of 
course.  
 
Ankur Agrawal:   What will be your internal estimate for the next 1-2 years or 
see?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: So, this is a very good question. Difficult to you know kind of 
the number on it, but we would be we would be targeting 15% 
ROCE over the next couple of years 
 
Ankur Agrawal:  
And what is the maximum top line from current capacity that 
foresee?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: The maximum top line from current capacity should take us to 
about 750 crores.  
 
Ankur Agrawal:  
And after that you have to mix some catastrophe to add?   
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Absolutely, yeah.  
 

Ankur Agrawal:  
And in next 1-2 years that you can do that capacity utilize 
100%? 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Yes, that would be the idea. Over the next two years, we should 
be getting to that number.  
 
 
Ankur Agrawal:  
And what will be the possible numbers of EBITDA in next 2 
years? 14-15%?  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: EBITDA number over the next couple of years EBITDA, you 
mean in percentage terms or in?  
 
Ankur Agrawal:  
Yeah. Percentage consolidated basis. 
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Consolidated percentage EBITDA, we are targeting at about 
12%.  
 
Ankur Agrawal:  
Thanks. Thanks a lot.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you, Mr. Agrawal.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question 
for today, which is from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from 
Ithought financial consulting. Please go ahead.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Yeah. So, thanks for the opportunity again. Just one quick 
question on AZO. I think in our top line it doesn't include any 
of our bigger export clients, which was our initial cases when 
we expanded into this. Could you clarify where are we in on 
that stage like approval stage, can we get a big order in this 
year?  
 
Arjun Jaykrishna:  Yeah. So, you know, I briefly answered before. To be more 
specific, we have you know we have got approval from a few of 
those and we will hope to answer questions specifically yes, we 
do hope that certainly, in this year, not only one, but we are 
able to execute at least two large customers, and while it will be 
a step-by-step process in the sense that once we are even 
commercially approved, no company can just directly hand 
over the full capacity to us. So, through the year, through the 
next few quarters itself, we will look to start moving commercial 
and by the end of the year, yes, we should have commercial 
large quantity orders from one or two customers at least.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Thank you, Arjun.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: This is going. That's very good to be the work in process and it 
is going to be gradual. It is not going to be very sudden, but it 
will be continuously gradual.  
 
Rudraksh Raheja:  Thanks for the clarification, Sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last 
question for today, I would now like to hand the conference 

over to Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you Sir.  
 
Gokul Jaykrishna: Thank you everyone for attending this call. It is a pleasure for 
me and my team to be having interacted with you. We had 
some very, very interesting and very solid questions. I hope I've 
been able to answer them all, but more importantly, we at 
Asahi remain optimistic about taking opportunity from the 
current volatile global scenario and hope that we are able to 
fulfill some of the promises or outlooks that we have been able 
to share with you today. With that, I thank you and wish you 
all the best. Have a good day.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Asahi 
Songwon Colors Limited, that concludes this conference. We 
thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line. Thank you.  
  
 
