 
 
 
 
           Corp. Office: Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
 R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011   
                                      
 
 
 
 
      Tel: (022) 3001 6600 Fax: (022) 3001 6601 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
      CIN No. : L17100MH1905PLC000200  
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9   
Fax : (022) 2493 8388  E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com   www.thephoenixmills.com 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
 
Security code: 503100  
 
 
Symbol: PHOENIXLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
This is further to our letter dated May 01, 2025, wherein we had informed the exchange about the 
conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call on Thursday, May 01, 2025 at 04:55 pm (IST), with 
Analysts / Institutional Investors on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025, please find attached herewith 
the Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The enclosed Transcript is being made available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://www.thephoenixmills.com/investors/FY2025/Earnings-Call-Transcript.   
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Bhavik Gala 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8671 
 
Encl.: As enclosed 
BHAVIK 
MANILAL 
GALA
Digitally signed 
by BHAVIK 
MANILAL GALA 
Date: 2025.05.07 
19:08:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Results Conference Call 
May 01, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 & FY25 Results Conference Call of The 
Phoenix Mills Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Management of the Company is being represented by Mr. Shishir Shrivastava, Managing 
Director, Mr. Kailash Gupta, Group Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Varun Parwal, Group 
President. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this 
time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Good evening, everyone. We welcome you all to discuss the operating and financial 
performance for the fourth quarter and full year ended March 2025. FY25 was a strong year 
across our core businesses of retail, offices and hotels, which together delivered revenue of Rs. 
3,507 crores, up 16% year-on-year and EBITDA of Rs. 2,111 crores. This performance reflects 
the continued strength and cash-generating capacity of our core portfolio. Residential sales 
moderated compared to the previous year, and as a result, consolidated revenue from 
operations was down 4%  year-on-year to Rs. 3,814 crores, and EBITDA was flat at Rs. 2,161 
crores compared to FY24. 
Retailer sales across our malls reached Rs. 13,750 crores, which is a 21% increase over FY24. 
This impressive growth was driven by the ramp up of our new malls, particularly Phoenix Mall 
of the Millennium (Pune) and Phoenix Mall of Asia (Bangalore), both of which saw strong 
improvements in trading occupancy and consumption. 
Palladium Ahmedabad also stood out with a 65% increase in consumption. Reflecting this 
momentum in consumption, retail income for FY25 rose 18% to Rs. 1,951 crores, and EBITDA 
grew by 20% to over Rs. 2,000 crores for the year. 
We also made substantial progress in our commercial office portfolio with our offices Phoenix 
Asia Towers in Bangalore and Tower 3 of Millennium Towers at Pune receiving occupation 
certificates between January and April of this year and pre-leasing pipelines building up 
strongly across Pune, Bangalore and Chennai. We are excited about the high-quality future 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
ready office products being developed which are now attracting interest from reputed 
domestic and global occupiers for their regional headquarters. 
Our hotel portfolio too, delivered a strong performance with EBITDA up at 11% and The St. 
Regis, Mumbai crossed Rs. 500 crores in revenue for the first time in FY25. 
The strong financial performance of our core annuity portfolio has translated to strong 
operating cash flows of nearly Rs. 2,100 crores. These cash flows have been prudently deployed 
into strategic land acquisitions across Coimbatore, Chandigarh and Bengaluru and ongoing 
construction across several projects pan India. Densification across our existing assets 
continues to be an important value creation strategy for us. We are forging ahead at Phoenix 
MarketCity Bangalore with the addition of Grand Hyatt, expansion of the retail plus addition of 
approximately 1.2 million sq. ft. of offices. 
Continuing with this theme, we have secured additional development potential at Lower Parel 
during the quarter. We have secured FSI of approx. 136,000 sq. meters for a premium payment 
of approx. Rs. 586 crores during Q4 FY25. Varun, may I request you to take this forward? 
Varun Parwal: 
Sure, Shishir. So as Shishir mentioned, we have secured additional FSI of approx. 136,000 sq. 
meters at our Lower Parel development for a premium payment of approx. Rs. 586 crores 
during Q4 FY25. We have funded this through internal accruals and available liquidity on our 
balance sheet. Development planning for the additional FSI is currently underway and we will 
share further updates once the asset mix is finalized and as we progress towards securing the 
requisite development permissions. 
Let me also take this forward and share highlights on our Q4 FY25 performance and some 
highlights specifically from our retail business, including consumption trends, leasing updates, 
and how we are shaping the portfolio for future growth. 
During Q4 FY25, our retail portfolio recorded consumption of Rs. 3,248 crores, reflecting a 15% 
year-on-year growth. Importantly even excluding the newly launched malls in FY24, like-for-
like consumption growth across the portfolio stood in excess of 8% underscoring the sustained 
strength of our discretionary retail ecosystem. Retail income for the quarter was Rs. 482 crores 
which is up 8% year-on-year while EBITDA stood at about Rs. 499 crores reflecting a 11% 
growth. 
We have received a few questions regarding the gap between our consumption growth and 
rental growth in quarter four. This gap in my view is largely attributable to the ramp up phase 
of our newly launched malls, particularly Phoenix Mall of the Millennium and Phoenix Mall of 
Asia, where consumption is scaling up sharply. Now our lease structure typically provides for 
the higher of fixed rent or revenue share offering downside protection from day one. However, 
rental income begins to reflect the upside only once the store level exceeds the minimum 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
guaranteed threshold, at which point revenue share component also kicks in. As more stores 
mature and scale up in these malls, we expect this to translate into stronger rental growth over 
the coming quarters as well. 
Additionally, at Phoenix Palladium, we are also in the process of revamping part of the 
Courtyard Retail Zone, which led to the temporary shutdown of about 100,000 sq. ft. of 
leasable area in Q4 FY25. This zone historically has contributed about Rs. 200 crores in annual 
consumption and about Rs. 40 crores in rental revenues. The impact attributed to the 
shutdown of this store during Q4 FY25 was approximately Rs. 40 crores on consumption and 
about Rs. 7 crores on rental income. 
Moving on to within Phoenix Palladium: One of the highlights of the quarter was the strong 
performance of the West Zone at Phoenix Palladium, which we launched in late 2024 with the 
launch of the biggest Uniqlo store in South Mumbai and the addition of new age anchors such 
as Lifestyle. For Quarter 4, a remarkable standout moment was the launch of Bershka’s first 
store in India, which incidentally also achieved the highest single day sales globally for this 
brand on opening day. We also welcomed flagship stores across categories including Nykaa 
Luxe, Tira, GAP, Levis, Celio, Navyasa, Masaba, etc. and we are also set to further enhance this 
zone with the upcoming launch of our Gourmet Village concept which is a two-level curated 
F&B and entertainment experience.  
We are also actively executing our premiumization and repositioning strategy across Phoenix 
MarketCity centers in Mumbai, Pune, Chennai and Bangalore. At Phoenix Market City, 
Bangalore, trading occupancy declined in Q4 FY25 due to the planned closure of a hypermarket 
spanning about 65,000 sq. ft. in chargeable area. Further, about 30,000 sq. ft. of the mall also 
underwent fit outs for new brands. Both of these, planned changes have in aggregate resulted 
in a 10% occupancy drop in Bangalore, but they also enabled us to create a space for a better 
tenant mix going forward.  
Further, at Phoenix MarketCity Pune, we saw a 2% dip in occupancy. This was following the 
planned exit of a couple of anchor stores in the home furnishing and fashion category, along 
with the planned churn of a few restaurants. Also, during the quarter, at Phoenix MarketCity 
Mumbai, we have about 5% of the leasable area, which is currently undergoing renovation and 
densification, and it's part of an ongoing brand churn for the repositioning effort. 
All our Phoenix MarketCity Malls are being revamped deliberately to improve brand mix, 
shopper experience, and long-term rental profile. While this has resulted in short-term dips in 
trading occupancy, we expect these interventions to unlock meaningful consumption and 
rental upside over the next 12 to 18 months. 
Let me also give you a quick update on April 25 and our outlook for FY26:  

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
April is typically a lean month, but we have continued to see strong momentum in retail sales, 
with retailer sales expected to cross Rs. 1,130 crores for this month. This reflects a 14% year-
on-year growth, and to our minds, it confirms the depth and consistency of consumer demand 
across our portfolio. 
Looking ahead to FY26, a key focus will be on strategic leasing and brand elevation across our 
portfolio. We are prioritizing right-sizing, relocations and churn aimed at bringing in new-age 
anchors while also creating space for premium categories across jewelry, watches, cosmetics 
and accessories as well as new fine-dining experiences. 
Overall, we remain confident of delivering strong double-digit growth across our retail portfolio 
in FY26 underpinned by sustained demand, proactive planning and the continuing evolution of 
our brand and experience proposition. 
Moving on to our commercial offices: 
I am pleased to share that our under-construction office assets have also made meaningful 
progress in FY25. For the year ended March 25, income from our operational offices in Mumbai 
and Pune stood at Rs. 210 crores, up 10% year-on-year, and EBITDA grew 19% year-on-year to 
Rs. 131 crores. 
Our office strategy is built on three pillars. The first pillar being strong regional leasing teams 
with deep tenant relationships. The second pillar being product design that prioritizes 
collaboration, wellness, and sustainability; and the third pillar being differentiated experiences, 
from arrival areas to integrated lifestyle offerings through our retail ecosystem. 
Millennium Towers, our prime office space in Pune has 3 towers in total aggregating to approx. 
1.30 million sq. ft. of chargeable area. As Shishir mentioned earlier in the call, we have received 
the occupation certificate for one of the towers and occupation certificates for the remaining 
2 towers are expected later in 2025. Pre-leasing activity is underway with an active pipeline of 
over 500,000 sq. ft. in discussions at this moment. 
Phoenix Asia Towers in Bangalore also received occupation certificate for 800,000 sq. ft. of 
chargeable area and we are seeing very encouraging leasing discussions here as well with a 
significant pipeline. 
Our next major delivery planned for 2025 is One National Park in Chennai, aggregating to 
chargeable area of 600,000 sq. ft.. Between Bangalore (Phoenix Asia Towers) and Chennai (One 
National Park), we have pre-leasing conversations ongoing for almost 800,000 sq. ft. 

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
With world class Grade A offices offering features that seamlessly amalgamate productivity 
with lifestyle now in place and institutional leasing efforts gaining momentum, we are 
confident of a stronger leasing outcome in FY26. 
Moving on to our hotel portfolio: 
The hotel portfolio has delivered a strong performance once again this year with income rising 
to Rs. 580 crores up 6% year-on-year and EBITDA is growing by 11% to Rs. 266 crores reflecting 
an overall healthy margin of 46%. The St. Regis, Mumbai continues to set the benchmark for 
experience and luxury in Lower Parel crossing Rs. 500 crores in income to reach Rs. 523 crores 
overall in revenue. This was driven by a 13% increase in revenue per available room and an 
impressive occupancy rate of 86%, up 3 percentage points over FY24. 
Courtyard by Marriott Agra had also a good year with EBITDA coming in at about Rs. 18 crores 
and a margin of about 32%. 
I would now like to invite Kailash to take you through the rest of the highlights. 
Kailash Gupta: 
Thank you, Varun. 
Let me start with the residential segment: 
Coming to the residential segment: Gross sales during the year was Rs. 212 crores with the 
collection of around Rs. 219 crores, so more or less same and in Q4 FY25, we have recognized 
the revenue of Rs. 96 crores. This is primarily coming from One Bangalore West and Kessaku, 
which are ready towers available now and the average realization was ~Rs 26,000 per sq. ft. 
This is a very strong reflection of sustained demand for premium products. This is something 
which is proved by this year's number and realization, especially.  
We continue to evaluate the timing and approach for future residential launches, including 
Tower 8 and 9 at One Bangalore West and our Alipore project in Kolkata, and both of these 
projects are scheduled to launch during  FY26, maybe in the Q2 and Q3 around that time. 
Quick recap on the consol and the standalone numbers: 
On the financial performance side, revenue from operations across our core businesses, which 
is retail, office, and hotel, was at Rs. 3,507 crores, up by 16% versus FY24. EBITDA also reflects 
a similar growth and it stood at Rs. 2,111 crores. At the group level, revenue from operations 
was at Rs. 3,814 crores down by 4% and EBITDA at Rs. 2,161 crores which is flat as compared 
to the FY24. 

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Consolidated net profit for FY25 was at Rs. 1,302 crores, down by around 2%, however, after 
adjusting for share of associates and minority interest, profit after tax for Phoenix Mills 
(consolidated) came at Rs. 984 crores which was down by around 10%. 
On cash flow CAPEX (capital expenditure) side, cash flow remains strong at Rs. 2,084 crores 
from the operations during this year. Our aggregate CAPEX in FY25 was around Rs. 2,600 crores. 
Out of this, around Rs. 1,600 crores has been invested in three land parcels, namely 
Coimbatore, Chandigarh, and Bangalore i.e. Mittal Land and the FSI, which we have bought 
recently in the Lower Parel area and around Rs. 1,000 crores we have incurred towards the 
construction at various places across the country and to densify our growth in the existing 
assets. 
Importantly, despite these deployments, gross debt at the group level remains at the same 
level as compared to last year. So, we are around Rs. 4,400 crores, which is lower than FY20 
levels, i.e pre-COVID levels. So, we are still fully in control in terms of debt and our net debt to 
EBITDA ratio is around 1.2x. I think one of the strongest in the industry. We are putting a lot of 
efforts to reduce the cost of the debt which has come down from 9.2% to 8.5% in the last few 
years. 
Overall, we have continued to maintain a prudent balance sheet and disciplined capital 
deployment which gives us a significant headroom to continue investing in high quality assets 
while maintaining financial flexibility. 
Let me take you toward some of the highlights for Phoenix Vision 2030: 
Over the past 2 years, we have secured key land parcels and commenced construction activities 
across our multiple sites, laying a strong foundation and visibility for our portfolio additions 
over the next 5 years. 
I will take you slightly in the past, our first wave of expansion came between 2011 and 2013 
when we launched the Phoenix MarketCity Malls in four cities. Then the next wave started in 
2020 to 2025, where we launched five new malls. Again, these malls are now able to see the 
strong consumption across and also establish the premiumness of our brand. We are also 
expanding retail at Phoenix Palladium, which (along with the malls launched between 2020 to 
2025) led to retail leasable area growth from 6 million to 11.5 million. So this is what the current 
situation in terms of the retail business. 
And today with new retail mixed-use developments underway in Kolkata, Surat, Coimbatore, 
Chandigarh and Thane as well as the further expansion at Phoenix Palladium, Lower Parel, 
Mumbai and (Phoenix MarketCity) Bangalore, we are looking to add around 7 million sq. ft. of 
leasable area to our operational retail portfolio by 2030. This will take us from 11.5 million to 
around over 18 million sq. ft. in the retail side. In parallel, we are also exploring opportunities 

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
to integrate complementary asset classes such as offices, residential and hotels, within some 
of our core retail sites to further densify our developments. Our focus remains consistent to 
build a high-quality destination and offer shopping experience, work environment, residential 
and venues for leisure backed by strong governance through design and disciplined capital 
allocation. 
This brings me to the end of Q4 & FY 25 updates from the management side. We can now open 
the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet: 
Thank you so much and congrats on decent performance. My first question is on the multiple 
interventions that you're doing on your mall portfolio. How long should we think the impact 
will last for those? And what kind of CAPEX will that entail? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi, Puneet. Varun this side. When you are asking about the impact, are you asking about the 
time it takes to reopen the new spaces? 
Puneet: 
Yes, correct. So, some spaces are gone, for example, in High Street Phoenix (Phoenix Palladium 
Mumbai), and (Phoenix MarkeCity) Bangalore also you alluded, some stabilization, (Phoenix 
MarketCity) Pune as well, some, I think change in occupancy is what you indicated. So how long 
will your rejig exercise take before we start seeing again, you decent growth there? 
Varun Parwal: 
Okay. I think in terms of some of these spaces coming back, (Phoenix MarketCity) Bangalore 
and Pune you will see the spaces coming back with new formats and new brands within the 
next 6 to 9 months. Some of them are already actively under fit out and some are kept ready 
and we are just finalizing the lease agreements for new tenants to move in and commence 
their fit outs. At the same time when we are talking about Bangalore, we are also adding and 
operationalizing the 3rd floor in Bangalore during this year, second half of this year which is new 
retail area of about 170,000 sq. ft. which will house an exciting mix of F&B and some new age 
anchors opening their first-time stores within our mall portfolio and that will also enhance the 
overall area and together with the planned churn and revamp that we have, I think FY27 should 
prove to be a very strong year for (Phoenix MarketCity) Bangalore in terms of consumption 
both on account of new brands as well as additional area. In Phoenix MarketCity Pune, at this 
point we are not adding any new area, but in Phoenix MarketCity Mumbai, for example, we are 
adding about 50,000 sq. ft. of new area which again is being added within the current 
development of the mall. So the time to make it operational is very quick and you should see 
the impact of it by the end of this financial year. 

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Now when we come to Phoenix Palladium Mumbai, there is the new zone that we have added 
which is Rise 2 (Phoenix Palladium West Zone) which is about 250,000 sq. ft. and which should 
become fully operational by June of this year. Currently retail stores are operational which are 
on the ground, first and the second floor and the F&B and entertainment floors are under fit 
outs, which would see a staggered opening between now and June-July for the various F&B 
village and entertainment destinations there. The Courtyard retail, which is undergoing 
revamp, that together with what we are doing in Rise 1 (Project Rise) in terms of retail and the 
revamp of the Lifestyle block, I think will in aggregate add about 450,000 sq. ft. of new retail 
area. 
Again, we will give more updates on it in the coming quarters, but I think you should see the 
new retail space coming through in the next 2 years, so 8 to 9 quarters from now. 
Puneet: 
So you said 100,000 sq. ft. down and plus 450,000 sq. ft. or is it 450,000 sq. ft. in addition to 
the 100,000 sq. ft. which has come back? 
Varun Parwal: 
So Rise 1 (Project Rise), Puneet it is about 200,000 sq. ft. as we have disclosed previously. And 
between the revamp of Courtyard Retail and Lifestyle block, we were at about another 250,000 
sq. ft. So it is, in aggregate, you would have another 350,000 sq. ft. of additional retail area in 
Phoenix Palladium. 
Puneet: 
Understood. That's really helpful. 
Varun Parwal: 
I would just add that new area as well as new age brands actually drive a significant upside in 
trading densities and consumption profiles across our malls and we are already seeing that 
with the addition of these new anchors in Rise 2 (West Zone) at Phoenix Palladium where (we 
have) Uniqlo and Bershka. 
Puneet: 
When does Rise 1 come, along with this 450,000 area, what is timeline for that? 
Varun Parwal: 
Puneet, two years from now. 
Puneet: 
Understood. That is helpful. Secondly, also if you can comment on Citadel and Palladium 
Ahmedabad which have done some bit of tenure, and have they achieved peak there in terms 
of near-term trading density or is there a significant initiative being taken out to further push 
up the momentum? 
Varun Parwal: 
I think Palladium Ahmedabad has done extremely well and the ramp up has been quite exciting 
to see in Palladium Ahmedabad and during the coming year we in fact expect occupancies to 
further increase from the current 95%. The entire area is leased up now and we have also given 
space to some exciting new brands. So, in the full year impact, I think you should continue to 
see double digit growth in Palladium Ahmedabad. Palladium Ahmedabad has established itself 

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
as a new modern premium destination for the city and with our brand mix and marketing 
programs, I think they should perform quite well in the coming year as well. Indore as well, 
while the growth has been a bit muted during this year, it has grown in double digits, but we 
would have expected the growth to be much stronger, but I think there are some very exciting 
infrastructure developments in Indore with the authorities constructing multiple highways on 
all sides of the mall. There is a bit of a constraint in access to the mall at this point in time, but 
with the highway activities scheduled to be completed in the next 12 months, we believe that 
access to the mall will improve multi-fold, and we should see very strong growth in 
consumption going forward in Indore in FY27 and beyond. 
Puneet: 
Understood, that's very helpful. And just last question, then I will come back in the queue. If 
you can also talk a bit more on the commercial office space leasing, should we expect material 
leasing to happen in FY26 or does it look like more an FY27 pickup event? 
Varun Parwal: 
I think in terms of leasing, Puneet, you will see material leasing happening in FY26, especially I 
think if I add the pipeline that are under active discussions between Pune, Bangalore and 
Chennai, we are talking about 1.2 to 1.4 million sq. ft. of leasing discussions going on across 
these three new offices and we should see significant conversions during this year. 
Puneet: 
Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saksham Mongia from Dymon Asia. Please go 
ahead. 
Saksham Mongia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have 2 questions. First is related to the consumer demand, 
moderation and rising competition in real estate. Are you seeing increased instances of rental 
negotiations or brand exits? How does this compare to the past cycles that you have seen? And 
what actions are you taking to protect trading density and the rental lease going forward? 
Second, with the global supply chain disruptions and macro risk, how are you managing 
exposure across international brands and domestic brands? And which categories or tenants 
appear to be most vulnerable in the current environment? These two questions from my end. 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi, Saksham. Thank you for your questions. I think to your first question, Saksham, I would say 
that our malls have established a very strong and a credible performance track record over the 
last several years. And we just don't create great malls, we actually create destinations where 
we engage deeply with tenants and consumers to drive a differentiated experience. We 
continue to invest in future-proofing our retail destinations by adding complementary asset 
classes such as offices and hotels and with improving infrastructure and brand profile, we 
remain confident that our malls will continue to do well going forward as well. 

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Saksham Mongia: 
Thank you and on the macro? 
Varun Parwal: 
I think on the macro, Saksham, at any point in time we retain a very balanced approach. We 
don't have overexposure to any one particular category or group. We maintain a balance 
between both exposure to domestic brands as well as international brands. My view is that 
India is a retail market of significant size and scale, and it remains quite under-penetrated. So 
it is a market which is going to remain in focus for all tenants, both global as well as domestic. 
And in fact, if any, there are better placed people to comment on it than us, but impact if any, 
think it's going to be limited and restricted for a short term. We also believe that the consumer 
catchment across our mall portfolio is significantly densifying and with improving 
infrastructure, governments are increasing the development of vertical residential and 
commercial buildings, which actually increase the addressable population within the very 
immediate catchment for us and this is a story that's playing out across cities in India. So, from 
that perspective, if the catchment profile is strong and India macro story remains intact, we 
believe that consumption impact, if any, would be transitory in nature. 
Saksham Mongia: 
Thank you for the detailed answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Thakkar from FYERS Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Thakkar: 
Hi sir. So I just wanted to better understand the leasing agreement structures you have in your 
retail portfolio, I mean specifically how the revenue share component is structured and at what 
threshold it typically kicks in? So that will be my first question. 
Varun Parwal: 
Sure Varun, our leasing agreements are typically structured as fixed rent or revenue share, 
whichever is higher. Revenue share for any particular retail brand is actually driven by the 
margin economics for that particular category and it could vary across fashion categories as 
well as say gold or jewelry or watches which tend to be high trading categories, but they have 
a lower margin profile. You can connect offline with Karl and Madhurima for better clarity and 
granularity on this topic. They are in a great position to explain this to you. 
Varun Thakkar: 
Alright, I just like had a follow up. I mean, when does this typically kick in , know, like is it when 
the total sales threshold is crossed or is like you have escalated thresholds and like what 
proportion of your tenants are currently paying revenue over the minimum guarantee in your 
top performing malls? 
Varun Parwal: 
So, Varun, typically about 70% to 75% of the tenant mix hit the revenue share threshold. Now 
revenue share is payable when the revenue share component crosses the fixed rent 
component. So from that perspective, I would say that about 75% of the tenants are right now 
hitting the revenue share threshold at this point in time. And how operationally it works is that 
on a monthly basis you test based on the audited sales figures given by the retailers, whether 

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
the revenue share is payable or not. And if any is payable over and out of fixed rent, then there 
is a separate billing that happens for that. 
Varun Thakkar: 
Okay, thank you sir, I'll just join back the queue. Thank you. 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi team, congratulations on a decent quarter. My first question is on consumption. So now if I 
see a matured mall, so Phoenix, Palladium, Mumbai, consumption is almost flat, trading density 
is negative. Bengaluru, again, we seeing mall consumption is again negative, minus 1% further 
here. Pune there has been some growth, about 7%. So the malls are not even delivering 
inflation. So what is happening in these malls and what are we doing to improve the 
consumption here? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi Parikshit, Varun this side. I think in the opening remarks, Parikshit, we had outlined reasons 
for some of the impact that we saw in Phoenix Palladium, (Phoenix MarketCity) Bangalore and 
Pune. So Bangalore, in particular for example had a trading occupancy dip of about 10% and 
that is because strategically we have taken over the area from the hypermarket and we are 
creating a new anchor zone in here. Now as you are aware hypermarkets typically have a low 
trading density and fashion stores typically will end up doing a trading density which is 3x to 4x 
higher than that of a hypermarket. So, the revamp of this space along with some other areas 
that are under-fit out overall should help us revive and demonstrate very strong consumption 
and rental growth FY27 onwards. I also spoke about you know, Bangalore getting new area in 
the form of an expansion of the third floor, which would add about 170,000 sq. ft. of additional 
leasable area, which again should become operational by the end of this coming financial year. 
Similarly, in Pune, we have taken space from our home furnishing anchor as well as a fashion 
anchor and we have replaced a few of the older restaurants. This is all with the perspective of 
revamping and elevating the brand experience and the consumer experience at these centers. 
They remain flagship centers, and they are catering to the best city center locations in each of 
the cities that they are present in. So, with the introduction of new age modern anchors and 
densification of brand stores across high-performing categories such as gold, jewelry, watches, 
cosmetics and accessories, we will remain confident of delivering strong growth from these 
locations going forward. As far as Phoenix Palladium is concerned, Parikshit, we have also 
undertaken some revamp of the retail area in the Courtyard section of the mall. This includes 
the Hamleys store, Nike and some other prominent retailers. So about 100,000 sq. ft. of the 
area is currently being redeveloped and revamped into a modern new age ready destination. 
That had a negative impact of about Rs. 40 crores directly in consumption and about Rs. 7 
crores in rental income for the quarter. Annualized impact would be about Rs. 200 crores in 
consumption and about Rs. 40 crores in rentals. 

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The only question here is that the traditional consumption format somehow has slowed down 
and which is the reason you are revamping towards more new age consumption formats. But 
do you think you have enough to fill in because you'll have to keep re-engineering this and then 
there will be a period of.. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
If you look at historically any mall which has been operating, any of our malls have been 
operating for the last 15 years, you will see that it is very routine in our business to go through 
a significant change where we have enhanced these assets, right? So the addition of retail 
space, taking back older formats, these malls are evolving, customer aspirations are evolving. 
Varun touched upon in the opening statements about the performance of some of our fantastic 
stores, Bershka highest performance in the country, I mean globally ever in any store since 
they've launched, right? So, the customer aspiration is changing; we have to keep enhancing 
the asset to accommodate for these newer brands which are more relevant in today's time. So 
you go through these cycles and that is exactly what's happening at Phoenix Palladium, 
Mumbai. That's exactly what's happening at Bangalore and also has happened in Pune. So this 
is very routine in our business. Because we do these things, it's like a machine, right? You have 
to keep optimizing it and that's exactly what we're doing. Because we do this, we continue to 
see consumption growth high for a relevantly long period of time and then again you undergo 
this churn, you undergo the asset enhancement, again for a little while you will see for maybe 
a period of two quarters you'll see a decline or flattish consumption, then again you will see 
growth. This is very routine in the mall business. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Got it, Shishir. My second question is on, as we are ramping up and renewing the format or the 
pattern of consumption towards new age, they are also increasing competition in the vicinity 
with at least two new malls, large malls coming in by Prestige and Oberoi. It'll take 3-4 years 
for them to come, but so how do you read into the competition and do you think that that 
micro market has enough consumption pool that will continue to grow on sustainable basis of 
high single digit? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
I would like to address this in two parts as you identified. One is the market, there is substantial 
demand and with the improving infrastructure in that area, I think a lot more people will come 
to this part of the city, even from places like Bandra and beyond, right. So, it's becoming very, 
very convenient. We have always taken the same approach that we have always executed in 
the past and that has worked for us, where we want to have a great variety and we want to 
compete with size and scale and hence we have undertaken this significant asset enhancement 
at Phoenix Palladium, Lower Parel. What we are building there, what kind of brands that are 
likely to come there are going to be one of a kind and we hope to be in pole position with all of 
these actions that we are taking in that market. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just lastly on the Thane asset, what are the plans? I think you've put a slide out there, but 
when does the work start and when do you expect the mall to become operational? 

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Varun Parwal: 
Sorry, Parikshit, may I just ask you to repeat the question? Were you asking about Thane? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes, Thane. So what do you want in Thane, and when do you really break the ground on that 
asset? 
Varun Parwal: 
So, Parikshit, it's going to be a retail-led mixed-use development with a retail mall in size of 
about 1.2 to 1.4 million sq. ft. We have secured most of our approval permissions at this point 
in time and in fact, the demolition of the old factory structures is currently underway, and we 
will start preparing grounds for commencing excavation very soon. In terms of operations at 
this point in time, I would say that launch should be somewhere towards end of FY29 keeping 
enough safeguards in terms of board approval timelines and construction timelines. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Murtuza from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Murtuza: 
Yes. Hi, Varun. Hi, Shishir. Just a question on the commercial piece. In the more near term, 
you've got a lot of commercial real estate which is getting its OC. You talked about the leasing 
pipeline, but is there any agreements which have been signed which could start contributing 
to rentals this year or a lot of that pipeline still needs to convert to formalized agreements. And 
so the rental contribution from the commercial piece would only start more in FY27. Just a 
clarification on that? 
Varun Parwal: 
Sure, if I may take that question, Murtuza, maybe I should have mentioned it in my remarks. 
We have done leasing of about 120,000 sq. ft. and those spaces are currently under fit-outs 
with a couple of the smaller spaces commencing their rent payments in quarter four. It's a 
smaller contribution at this point in time, but from second half of this year, you should start 
seeing a more meaningful contribution both from the area that we have leased as well as the 
new discussions that are underway right now. 
Murtuza: 
Okay, so it's going to be more towards the end of the fiscal in terms of the incremental office 
spaces contributing to rentals and a full year benefit should be more in FY27, is that fair? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes, I think considering the both agreement timelines and the fit out timelines, I would presume 
that you should see a more meaningful contribution from quarter three of this financial year. 
Murtuza: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Good afternoon, Varun and Shishir. So two questions. First, it would be great to get some more 
details on the additional FSI purchase that we have done in Lower Parel? And second, excluding 
this FSI purchase, if we total up all your other plans over the next 5 years, by FY30, what is the 
total CAPEX which will need to develop all those assets? Thank you. 

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Varun Parwal: 
Sure, Parvez. Varun this side. I will take the question on the FSI and Lower Parel and then I will 
hand it over to Kailash to comment on the CAPEX part. I think overall as we mentioned we have 
acquired development rights of about 136,000 sq. meters which is at a consideration of about 
Rs. 585 crores. At this point in time, we are currently in our design development stage and 
finalizing the asset mix that we intend to add to the Lower Parel's development. We are still in 
early stages, so as we progress on our designs and plans, we shall more debate in the coming 
quarters. I would now ask Kailash to come in and comment on the CAPEX part. 
Kailash Gupta: 
Parvez, as you have seen in the past for last three years, on an average we are doing around 
Rs. 1,000 crores to Rs. 1,200 crores annual CAPEX. I think this will be maintained even for next 
five years for sure. I mean of course this will, I mean any other acquisition or a bigger FSI 
purchase will be over and above that but on a construction side the number should be 
restricted to around Rs. 1,200 crores every year for next 5 years. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. With that, we conclude 
today's conference call. On behalf of Phoenix Mills Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect the lines. 
