 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/ Analysts Call - Audited Financial Results for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Scrip Code: BSE - 543952; NSE - NIITMTS 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith Transcript of Investors/ Analysts Call organized on May 14, 2025, post declaration of 
Audited Financial Results of the Company (Consolidated & Standalone) for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025. 
 
The same is also available on our website i.e. www.niitmts.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For NIIT Learning Systems Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak Bansal 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
Deepak 
Bansal
Digitally signed by 
Deepak Bansal 
Date: 2025.05.20 
19:23:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“NIIT Learning Systems Limited 
Q4 & FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIJAY THADANI - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
VICE CHAIRMAN 
 
MR. SAPNESH LALLA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –  
 
MR. SANJAY MAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  
 
MR. KAPIL SAURABH – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to NIIT Learning Systems Limited Q4 and FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay, Vice Chairman and Managing Director. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Vijay. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome, everyone. On this call today, where we are going to 
discuss NIIT Learning Systems Limited quarter 4 and FY '25 results. First of all, thank you for 
your continuing interest in NIIT Learning Systems Limited and for joining the call today. I do 
know you had other options, but we thank you for giving us your time, and we will be sharing 
the details, as I just talked about, for quarter 4 as well as for FY '25 results of NIIT Learning 
Systems Limited, trading similar NIIT MTS. 
We will be discussing not only the performance of the business, but also the outlook for the 
business, a certain update on the inorganic activity as well as certain profit actions like dividend, 
etc. But I'll come to that part towards the end. 
 
To start with, I am inviting our CEO, Mr. Sapnesh Lalla, to make the opening comments and 
briefing based on which we'll open it for Q&A. I have in the room with us the rest of the top 
leadership team, including our Chairman, Mr. Pawar, the CFO, Mr. Sanjay Mal; Kapil Saurabh, 
Investor Relations; and all our senior finance and business leaders. And we'll be very happy to 
all join in, in answering your questions. 
Sapnesh will lead the call, and he will start with the briefing. Over to you, Sapnesh. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Thank you, Vijay, and thanks, everyone, for attending this call. Good afternoon to all of you. In 
our prepared comments, I will review the performance and also share expectations of the path 
ahead. First, let me set the context. In a challenging and volatile environment, our growth in Q4 
was 3% quarter-on-quarter and 8% year-on-year. In constant currency terms, it was 0.7% 
quarter-on-quarter and 6.2% year-on-year. 
 
When we announced our Q3 results in this past January, we had expected higher sequential 
growth in Q4, driven by continued ramp-up of new customers and a partial recovery in spending 
from existing clients. However, as we are all experiencing, there has been significant increase 
in the volatility and economic uncertainty the world over. This led to significant impact on 
volumes in our North American real estate training business, for which Q4 is typically a very 
strong quarter. 
We had slower-than-expected ramp-up from a large new customer, which has spilled over to Q1 
and is now on track to be completed in Q1. And then in a handful of our customers, we've had 
deferrals or cancellations more than deferrals, cancellations of scheduled training activity in the 
second half of the quarter, predominantly in February and March. The sudden nature of this 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
revenue impact, combined with an unfavorable shift in product mix resulted in disproportionate 
impact on the margin, which came in at 20% for the quarter. 
 
I also wish to point out that despite the challenges we've had owing to the current environment, 
our business has continued to outperform our competitors, demonstrating strong resilience with 
industry-leading growth and profitability. The business continues to see strong customer wins, 
3 new MTS customer contracts comprising of 2 new logos and 1 expansion. In addition, we had 
1 renewal. 
The visibility is now at $390 million. We maintained a 100% track record across all customer 
segments, the track record of renewals across all customer segments. We continue to expand our 
share of wallet with most existing customers. The revenue for the quarter was INR4,297 million. 
It was up 8% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter, as I pointed out earlier. Constant currency 
revenue was up 6.2% year-on-year and 0.7% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA for the quarter was 
INR857 million, was down 14% year-on-year and down 9% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA 
margin was at 20% for Q4. 
 
In addition to adding new customers, as I pointed out, we had 1 contract renewal and scope 
expansion. The company continues to maintain a track record of 100% contract renewal, 
reflecting continuous improvement in our long-term competitive position. The number of 
managed training services customers at the end of quarter 4 stood at 93. The visibility, as I 
pointed out, is at INR390 million versus INR335 million when we closed Q4 last year. 
 
Coming back to our financials. The depreciation was INR167 million. The net other income was 
INR3 million. The treasury income, this includes the treasury income of INR118 million, 
strategic growth and acquisition-related expenses of INR55 million demerger-related 
nonoperating transitionary expenses of INR5 million and other expenses of INR56 million, 
including Forex loss of INR36 million and net other miscellaneous expenses of INR20 million.  
The tax was at INR206 million. ETR stood at 29.7%. The tax was a tad bit higher in Q4 due to 
certain notional expenses on consolidation, which were not included in the tax computation. I'll 
request Sanjay to spend a minute on the ETR or the increase in ETR in Q4. 
Sanjay Mal: 
So we have a tax charge of INR 206 million, which is higher than the quarter 3, which was INR 
195 million. However, this is lower from the last year same quarter, INR294 million. So the 
overall impact has been typically for the inadmissible expenses, which is the notional expenses 
on consolidation, which are not admissible for tax. And to that extent, there is an impact 
primarily relating to fair value in future acquisition liability and the year-end true-up, which we 
typically see in the quarter 4. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Thanks, Sanjay. The profit after tax for Q4 was INR487 million. The EPS was at INR3.58 per 
share versus INR4.54 previous quarter and INR4.02 last quarter -- same quarter last year. For 
the year, -- the revenue was INR16,533 million. This is up 6% year-on-year. The revenue is up 
4.8% on a constant currency basis. The EBITDA was at INR3,763 million versus INR3,762 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
million in the previous year. The margin was 22.8% versus margin of 24.2% last year. The 
depreciation was INR619 million versus a depreciation of INR592 million last year. 
Net other expenses were INR80 million as compared to INR200 million last year, primarily due 
to higher treasury income this year. The treasury income was INR411 million as compared to 
INR279 million last year. The strategic growth and acquisition-related expenses were at INR267 
million. Demerger-related nonoperating or transitionary expenses were INR 29 million as 
compared to INR 115 million last year. 
Other expenses, which include foreign exchange expenses and miscellaneous expenses were at 
INR196 million as compared to INR90 million last year. The PAT for the year was INR2,275 
million. This was up 7% year-on-year. The EPS was INR16.75 per share versus INR15.82 last 
year. 
 
The balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong. The DSO stood at 56 days as compared 
to 62 last quarter and 53 same time last year. Cash and cash equivalents are at INR7,742 million. 
These include the earn-out payment to St. Charles earlier this past quarter as well as a minority 
investment in a company called Strivr that Vijay will talk about after I complete these comments. 
The capex for the quarter was INR145 million versus INR118 million previous quarter, 
reflecting continuing and increasing investments in using generative AI to build transformative 
products. The net cash stands at INR7,036 million as compared to INR 6,999 million previous 
quarter, INR5,659 million last year same quarter. The return ratios continue to remain robust.  
We ended the year with 2,410 employees. This was up 54 quarter-on-quarter and up 14 year-on-
year. So as we exit this year, our employee base is more or less what it was when we exited last 
year. 
 
As I mentioned when I started the call, the market uncertainty is driving significant focus on 
costs, resulting in conversations around large cost takeout and cost transformation opportunities. 
We think we are very well positioned to take advantage of such opportunities because 
organizations when they look at cost or cost takeout, look for reliable partners who can both 
advise them as well as operate their business. And I think we have reached that position with 
most of our customers. 
 
With our investments in AI, consulting and advisory services as well as disproportionate 
investments in sales and marketing, along with the reputation as a trusted and reliable market 
leader, we believe we have an opportunity to gain a larger share of the upcoming opportunities 
and to accelerate growth. Our deal pipeline continues to be strong, including large outsourcing 
opportunities across different market segments, including technology, professional services, 
automotive, life sciences, BFSI and others. 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited continues to make different disproportionate investments, as I 
mentioned, not just in sales and marketing, but also use of generative AI across the different 
parts of our business. Generative AI, as we found at our Confluence event that we conducted 
earlier this year in Orlando, generative AI is part of almost every conversation. A number of our 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
customers are evaluating the use of Gen AI in transforming L&D, though I would say there is 
still some hesitation in large-scale adoption of Gen AI solutions. 
 
I would, however, report that in Q4, we did win our first significant customer managed training 
services customer which is where the work that we would do for them will be purely driven by 
the use of Gen AI in every aspect of the work that we do for them. We continue to make rapid 
progress in leveraging AI across multiple aspects of our work, and we expect that over time, we 
will have higher adoption across a larger percentage of our customers. 
 
I would like to reiterate that the rapid transformation in the industries we serve owing to digital 
transformation, use of AI, decarbonization, acceleration in biopharma present large and 
significant opportunities for NIIT learning systems. We see a number of organizations 
transforming and restructuring to improve their cost structure and achieve higher variability in 
cost structure. 
We're starting to see acceleration in outsourcing opportunities. And owing to this trend, I feel 
we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of these upcoming and emerging opportunities and 
continue to lead the industry in terms of growth and profitability, specifically as some of our 
competitors are distracted and others are focused on other parts of their business. We also have 
an active pipeline of inorganic opportunities that we are pursuing. We will report more on this 
as we reach closure on any of them. 
 
Like I mentioned earlier, during this quarter, we announced a strategic minority investment in 
Strivr Labs USA. I'll spend a minute on the company and then let Vijay talk about Strivr as well 
as cover some of the other points that he mentioned. Strivr was incubated at Stanford University's 
Virtual Human Interaction Lab. Strivr was founded in 2015 by Derek Belch, then a graduate 
student and assistant football coach for the Stanford Cardinal, along with Jeremy Belsnan, 
Stanford Professor and BHIL Founding Director. 
The company offers customizable content, data analytics to track user performance and realistic 
simulations to develop practical skills. By leveraging virtual reality technology, Striver enhances 
engagement, improves skills and reduces training cost making with a leader in XR-based 
immersive learning space with clients ranging from top sports teams to professionals in banking, 
retail and health care industries and other Fortune 1000 companies. Strivr reported a revenue of 
$18.2 million in the calendar year 2024. 
 
I wanted to spend a minute on our guidance. We see, as I mentioned earlier, a robust contract 
pipeline and ramp-up in a number of customers Revenue growth during the year would, 
however, be moderated by the completion of the North American real estate contract, as I pointed 
out previous quarter in January. 
For the full year, we expect a 10% plus growth in constant currency revenue with the goal of 
achieving 3% to 4% Q-o-Q growth in the first quarter. We expect the margins to be in the range 
of 20% to 21% for the full year. I would now request Vijay to take you through some of the 
corporate actions that we have taken. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Vijay Thadani: 
Thanks, Sapnesh. I have just 2 points to talk about. One was the investment in Strivr. So I just 
wanted to state that this is a strategic investment for NIIT MTS. The company believes that the 
investment in Strivr is in line with our stated strategy of investing or taking positions in strong 
innovative companies, which are going to contribute very significantly to the training landscape. 
Extended reality learning solutions is a very, very important component of that as we go forward, 
and we think that this will position us very well. In fact, it is already beginning to position us 
very well as we speak in customer situations. This XR-driven immersive learning, combined 
with our Gen AI capability and Gen AI competence that we are building in building very 
efficient and effective solutions, I think, will position us very well competitively and help us 
lead the L&D transformations the way our consulting teams have envisioned. This is one of the 
many that we would - or a few that we would talk about in times to come. 
 
As mentioned before, we have a strong inorganic funnel, but obviously, there has to be an 
agreement on terms as well as the value addition that each partner will bring on the table. And 
as and when these will materialize, we'll be sharing them with you. 
The second part which I wanted to talk about was the dividend. The dividend is, as you know, 
NIIT Group's dividend policy has been to be a consistent dividend paying company and pay a 
consistently improving dividend percentage as well as amount in line with the overall growth of 
the company and not get governed by a single or a few events on the way. 
 
And other than some very, very significant dividends, NIIT has always been consistent in paying 
dividend in its 30-plus years of being a public company and for NIIT MTS for the last 2 years. 
In line with that, last year, the dividend that we had paid was INR2.75 per share. This year, after 
deliberation, the Board has recommended a dividend of INR3 per share. And this obviously is 
subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM, and that will then get formalized and get 
distributed accordingly. So these were 2 statements I just thought I will share with you. I would 
now suggest to Sapnesh that we open the forum for Q&A. Operator? 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Siddhant from Goodwill. 
Siddhant: 
My first question is regarding the 500 bps margin fall this quarter. Any reason why outsourcing 
expenses have shot up? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
There were a couple of reasons, and I mentioned these in my prepared comments. The first one 
is the significant reduction as compared to expectation that we experienced in the real estate 
market. That was first. Second, as I mentioned, the real estate business, a) is a high-margin 
business; and b), it normally experiences very significant growth when we move from Q3 to Q4. 
Typically, Q4 is a shoulder quarter for us. We have a high quarter in Q3, and then we see 
typically a dip in Q4. 
 
We were, however, expecting to do significant growth Q-o-Q, predominantly on account of the 
ramp-up of a new customer that we acquired late last year. Some of the outsourcing expenses or 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
the increase in outsourcing expenses that you saw was in accordance with the ramp-up of a new 
customer. This customer was likely to get to steady state in Q4. 
However, it is taking a little bit longer to get to steady state, and we think that it will achieve 
steady state in Q1. So from a revenue perspective, we did a little bit less than what we expected, 
which also had a margin impact. 
And the last one really was that we had a number of program cancellations in the second half of 
the quarter, which resulted into unexpected schedule changes where classes got canceled and we 
were unable to recover from the expenses that were already scheduled for these classes. 
Siddhant: 
Okay. And does the 20%, 21% margin guidance include this slowdown? Or if there is a ramp-
up of these customers, again, we can expect it to be on the higher end like previous years? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So in this coming year, like I pointed out, we are expecting a 20% to 21% margin. We think that 
we have opportunity to do better than that, and we will continue to strive to do better than that. 
But I think as we look ahead, a fair part of this coming year, we will not have the advantage of 
the North American real estate business. So that will, to some extent, bring down the margins. 
And then over the latter half of the year or towards the end of the year, we will have through 
internal efforts, we will have opportunities to improve margin. 
Siddhant: 
Okay. A follow-up would be, so if the Ontario contract is over, the North American real estate 
one, and should I assume the 100% renewal rate is gone? Because I'm unable to understand that 
metric, to be honest. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So our contract renewal rate continues to be 100% for all contracts that come up for renewal. 
Like I had pointed out earlier, there was a legislative mandate in the province of Ontario in 
Canada that expected the regulatory body to move the contract from an exclusive provider to a 
nonexclusive model. And so from a legislative perspective, this contract was not available for 
renewal. 
Siddhant: 
So in what situation does it become -- the 100% rate goes below, let's say, 99% or 95%? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
No, like I pointed out, if a contract is available for renewal, we have always been able to renew 
it. However, if a contract is not available for renewal, which means it's out of neither we are 
going to get nor anyone else is going to get, then we don't count it in our computation. 
Siddhant: 
Okay. Understood. Another question is we've asked this on this call before. We understand the 
policy of the dividend payout of being consistent and increasing it every year, but the base itself 
seems very low. And considering the very low capital requirements and the excess cash we 
already have on the balance sheet from the demerger, would it not be better to have a higher 
dividend payout at 50% of profit? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. So no, you are absolutely right on one observation that you made. The second is also the 
Board takes a call on what all is involved in the coming years. And I think the fact that we are 
looking at intense inorganic activity, we are also looking at volatility in the environment where 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
there will be sudden need for cash inflows. There are specific opportunities for investing very 
significantly in generative AI. I would say at this point of time, we are at the early stage of that 
curve. 
 
Today, in the Board meeting, we were also discussing about how do we accelerate the 
investments in compute activity, for example, and not that we would like to get into setting up 
large data centers, but definitely, there are opportunities of various kinds, which are in the play. 
And I think keeping all this in mind, we would make sure that the overall yield that our 
shareholders get is balanced in terms of a dividend as well as an appreciation. And I think the 
combo is perhaps the way to look at it. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
And from a more selfish perspective, I would add that when our prospective customers evaluate 
NIIT to outsource L&D, which is critical to their business, they look for companies who have 
strong balance sheets and have strong money in the bank to handle the ups and downs. To handle 
ups and downs to handle ramp-ups and so on and so forth. 
Vijay Thadani: 
So it's a balanced call, Siddhant the way I would like to say. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Janish Shah with Investment Professional. 
Janish Shah: 
Sir, two three questions, one. First, about the growth visibility which you have been giving at 
10%. However, if you look at the pipeline and also the visibility on the revenues, which is the 
numbers which you have given is at least like a 13% to 14% higher and assuming that the 
pipeline is remaining strong. 
What is holding you back from -- I mean what are the thought process for giving that 10% 
guidance, especially that till last quarter, you were guiding for a visibility more closer to like 
20% on a very reasonable time frame. That's the kind of a sustainable growth of this business. 
That's one part. 
 
Second is on the expenses, basically the outsourcing expenses. If you can just give us a little bit 
of an understanding how the execution generally, and how should we expect or how the revenue 
recognition and how the expenses have been classified, especially in a sense that when we are 
also looking at the number of employees has also increased for the year-end, which I mean 
generally it has been flat for the last couple of years, but you started increasing. 
So that also is a little bit of a contradicting data point where gives a confusion about how the 
expenses or basically the growth outlook looks like. And the third is probably on the outstanding 
on St. Charles. How much is the balance to be paid now for? These are my questions. Thank you 
very much. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Okay. I can start with the first one. So I think your first question was on the quantum of growth. 
If you look at our guidance of 10-plus percent, what you will notice is that there is a netting 
that's going on for this coming year. And that is compounded by the uncertainty in the 
environment. So compression of spends with our existing customers. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
So while our pipeline of new customers and prospects continues to be strong. We are continuing 
to sign new orders, but the netting because of the sunset of the North American real estate 
contract which takes away from some of the growth is one factor. The second factor really is 
uncertainty where in times of uncertainty, the consumption of training gets impacted.  
Now if things improve, that should go up, though with a little bit of a lag. So that's really why 
you are seeing the 10% plus guidance from a revenue growth perspective. In terms of number 
of employees, like I pointed out, we are flat year-on-year. We have added about 14 additional 
employees on a base of approximately 2,400 employees. So it's 14 employees up year-on-year. 
I would say that our ratio of offshore versus onshore has improved favorably. 
So from an overall perspective, we are trying to control expenses or direct expenses. In terms of 
your question of outsourcing, like I pointed out earlier to the previous caller's question, we are 
in the ramp-up process of one of our large customers, and we are increasing the variability in 
our cost basis. 
So you do see a little bit of a higher outsourced expense predominantly, that's our way of 
improving variability in our cost basis so that we have a better response to uncertainty. I think 
your last question was on St. Charles, and I would request Vijay to respond to your question on 
St. Charles. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. So I'll simplify it for you. The maximum amount that they could have earned if all the 
projections had been met at the highest end would have been $65 million. And there are 2 
tranches left still. And in these 2 tranches, they have an opportunity to do that. And that's how 
we would like to state it, and that's how it has been stated in the contract. We have already 
processed 2, 3 earn-outs in the past and now 2 more... 
Janish Shah: 
Allow me. Yes. If you allow me one more, can I go with one more question? Yes. I mean you 
clearly said that the generative AI is transforming this industry. I mean that also creates the 
demand and also the way you are going to deliver. Can you give a little bit more understanding 
about the future and investments, how things are going to shape up for your industry in general? 
And would it also lead to a change in the margin structure since you already have one customer, 
significant customer who is already you've onboarded on a full AI delivery model. If you can 
just give a little bit of an understanding about how the transition is going to happen in a little bit 
of a detail that will help in getting a sense of how the business is going to shape up in next 2, 3 
years, that will help. Thanks. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I could go on for a few hours trying to answer that question, and I might still not do great justice 
with the answer, but I'll do my best. See, I think generative AI is going to fundamentally change 
how training is practiced. The profession of training is going to go through a very profound and 
fundamental change over the next few years. 
I think we are at the tip of that iceberg and that iceberg will start revealing itself over the next 
few years. I think we are going to see substantial changes in both the efficiency of delivering 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
education and training, but more importantly, we'll see very significant changes in the 
effectiveness of training. 
 
So at the most advanced stage, you could potentially foresee an AI tutor who is the personal 
tutor for each and every employee in an organization. You may even have more than one tutor -
- just like -- I mean, imagine if you were an elite professional athlete. So let's say, you were an 
elite professional tennis player or a golf player, or a cricket player, you would typically have 
about 5 or 6 coaches. 
You would have a coach for conditioning, you would have a coach for stroke play, you'll have 
a coach for mental wellness and so on and so forth. You would have coaches for all of that. And 
you can do that because your earnings allow you to do that. And there are very few people who 
can afford it. 
 
With generative AI, I think personal coaches of very high quality and caliber are going to become 
more easily and more affordably available. And that's going to change very significantly how 
training is done. It will get done very much more in the flow of work. Imagine if you were going 
into a meeting where you had to give feedback, hard feedback to somebody and what if you 
could practice with an impersonator who represents the person that you were going to talk to, 
you could have a practice meeting ahead of that meeting. 
So the point I'm trying to make is that training is going to become significantly more personal. 
Training is going to become more coaching oriented and training in AI is going to be all 
pervasive. Now will that happen tomorrow? Probably not. But will that happen over the next 
few years? I'm certain it will. 
 
How are we looking at business going forward? I think the significant changes that we are hoping 
to drive is to bring to our customers very different, very value-adding learning experiences, 
which accelerate learning for our customers. What used to take -- so for example, if you are fresh 
out of college and you're getting into pretty much any profession, today, it takes 3 to 6 months 
to get you onboarded into that profession. 
We think that with AI, we have an opportunity to significantly shrink that onboarding time. 
Likewise, we think that we'll have an opportunity to help reduce the mistakes people make when 
they do their jobs and make them more proficient in a shorter period of time. 
So I could go on, on this for a long period of time. I think it's going to be profoundly different. 
And I think companies who do not embrace it soon enough will not be relevant going forward. 
And I think the reason why we are making such investments is because not only do we want to 
be relevant, but we want to lead. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ganesh Sethi an individual investor. 
Ganesh Sethi: 
Our previous acquisitions like Eagle Solutions and where we have bought controlling stake, 
significant controlling stake. But now in recent investment like Strivr and Inno Energy, we are 
investing in a very small proportion. Is it that we are using our capital very judiciously or we are 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
just trying to understand the uncertainty around that? Or is there any change in our inorganic 
expansion strategy, sir? Can you please throw some light on this? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. So I'll give you one high-level answer. It's a coincidence that the last two have been 
minority investments and the previous were controlling stake. When we make most of our 
inorganic activity is for acquiring controlling stakes, and that's why we have the quantum that is 
allocated in our balance sheet or capital allocation as the Board has done. In these two cases, 
coincidentally, these have been minority investments. 
And we do make minority investment, when the overall business of the target company is not 
core to us, but a specific capability or a specific part, which can make a big difference to us. And 
their overall business may or may not be in training alone. It may be beyond training. 
 
So I think Sapnesh will explain to you Inno Energy, how in InnoEnergy we took a minority 
stake. And by the way, how it is helping us. And similarly, how Cyberlabs as a minority 
investment we have made, how it is not exactly a full core activity where we would like to bet 
our full bank on that, but take a positioning so that we have access to that technology in a 
competitive manner. So I think, Sapnesh, you can explain that. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Thanks, Vijay, and I would completely agree with what you said. I would echo it. See, Ganesh, 
our thesis for acquisitions is around 3 dimensions. The first dimension we consider is are we 
going to be able to get a new capability by acquiring the company. The second thesis is, are we 
going to be able to get access to a new segment of customer? 
And the third is, are we going to be able to get access to a new geography. What we try to do is 
in a full acquisition, ensure that at least 2 out of these 3 are checked. So if you look at Eagle, we 
were able to get new capability in life sciences as a market segment as well as a new capability 
in doing application rollout. If you look at St. Charles Consulting Group, we were able to get 
new capability in consulting and advisory services as well as access to a new market segment 
where we were not present, which was the management consulting and professional services 
companies. 
 
There are, however, a number of companies who may not check 2 or 3 out of our key criteria. 
However, still represent investing opportunities where we may have intersection with some of 
the customers that they might have or we may have intersection with some of the initiatives that 
they might have. 
However, it may not make sense for us to make a full acquisition. So for example, the minority 
investment that we made in Inno Energy. Now as you know, Inno Energy is really a large fund 
that invests in early and mid-stage start-ups that are around renewable energy. We have energy 
as a key segment. 
 
And I think renewable energy is a key transformation that is going to drive a lot of what is going 
to happen connected to energy in the future. And we think that this transformation will succeed 
if and only if there are enough trained people to service that transformation or transition. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
For example, this will lead to manufacture of electric vehicles. It might result into setting up of 
hydrogen plants. It might result into setup of a large-scale setup of wind energy or solar energy. 
And all of this will require a lot of people who will need skills to be able to bring the dream of 
renewable energy to life -- and having taken a minority investment in InnoEnergy will get us a 
seat at the table with companies who are driving this transformation. 
 
Likewise, as I mentioned, artificial intelligence, different ways of learning, virtual reality as it 
connects with artificial intelligence, create new modes of learning that will drive how students 
learn in future. And by taking a minority stake in this organization, it will give us a seat at the 
table with organizations who are pushing the boundaries of how learning happens. 
So we make minority investments where the investment does not check all 3 boxes that we have 
for full acquisitions, but are still interesting because either we can learn or we can get access to 
customers or we can get a seat at the table that's very desirable. 
Ganesh Sethi: 
And my second question is earlier, we have guided for 20% growth at 20% EBITDA margin. 
And in spite of difficult macro, we have 20% EBITDA, but the growth is not coming. So do you 
think that in near term or in the medium term, as many acquisitions are lined up, we can achieve 
plus 20 trajectory in the near future? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Thanks, Ganesh, for asking that question. I think like I pointed out earlier, we are seeing a little 
bit of pullback in growth to some extent because of the uncertainty, but also because of the 
netting effect that I pointed out earlier. Our medium-term, long-term point of view continues to 
be a 2020 point of view, and we will do our best to get to the 20% growth mark as soon as we 
can. Some of the inorganic activity will certainly help in that... 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sankarnarayanan S from thought PMS. 
Sankaranarayanan S: 
My first question is regarding the health care and life science vertical and tech and telecom 
vertical. So if you could see the recent job employment report, specifically in the U.S., we could 
see a strong hiring momentum in health care and life science vertical, but that's not reflecting in 
our quarterly numbers in this quarter. 
So if you could throw some light of what happened in that vertical? And also regarding the 
technology vertical, tech and telecom, we could see news regarding layoffs in Microsoft, Google 
and amazon etc. And how can we expect this vertical to be a growth vertical in upcoming 
quarters? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So I think I couldn't quite understand your second question. Can you say it one more time, 
please? 
Sankaranarayanan S: 
Sir, we have seen news regarding the layoffs 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I get it now. Okay. So let me answer the second question first, and then I'll come to the first 
question. I think your second question was that a number of technology companies are laying 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
off people and how do we expect to grow in an environment where a number of technology 
companies are laying off people. 
I would say if you go to the core of the issue on why technology companies are laying off people 
is, to one extent, uncertainty and the second extent is the rapid change that's going on with the 
technologies. And so as technologies change, there is obsolescence of skills. And I think when 
there is obsolescence of skills, people who do not keep up with the skills end up on the short end 
of the stick. 
 
I think this this rapid change in technology will create actually more opportunity for us because 
while organizations will end up with fewer employees, the employees who are left will need to 
be continuously trained, and we will see an opportunity of increased training consumption for 
the employees who are left at the organization. 
So I think also as cost becomes important, large technology companies will resort to outsourcing, 
which will be beneficial for us. And I think while we have seen significant growth this past 
couple of quarters in our technology segment, we should see continuous growth as we start doing 
more with technology customers. That continues to be a focus segment for us. 
 
Your second question was that there is increase in hiring in health care and life sciences. I guess 
you're saying you're seeing that happen because the world is getting older and requires more 
help from a health care perspective. We've seen year-on-year growth in health care over the last 
few years. The top 8 or 9 out of the top 15 pharma companies are our customers. 
And over the last 2 years, we ramped up in a significant way. Even as I look at the year that went 
by, we saw 4% growth in our business in life sciences. We have some of the largest pharma 
companies as our customers. And I think our business will grow in pharma. In fact, one of the 2 
contracts that we signed this quarter was with a large pharma company. 
Sankaranarayanan S: 
And my second question is regarding one of your service - content creation. So with regards to 
generative AI, it could be able to generate the content without or with lesser human assistance. 
So how could we see the content creation vertical? I know that generative AI can leverage this 
segment. 
But how you could see because eventually, you are needing lesser human assistance so that will 
customers ask for a price discount or even see a pricing pressure in this segment because that's 
what many industry analysts like even Jose B, he was saying regarding this content creation. So 
just your thoughts on this. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So I think it's a very good question and a very appropriate question. See, like I pointed out, if we 
kept doing the same thing that we've been doing, AI will be able to do it for almost for free. 
However, I think the opportunity we have is to create more effective training that results into 
better outcomes. And I think this is really what we are hearing from our customers. 
Our customers don't want to dramatically reduce their spend on training. I mean, there are times 
when it's tough for them and the budgets go down marginally. There are times when the budgets 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
go up marginally. If you look at data for the last 20 years, and L&D has gone through many 
transformations over the last 20, 30 years, the average spend on training per employee has 
hovered around about $1,100 over the last 30, 40 years. 
 
So organizations do believe in the value that training generates, and they don't want to very 
significantly lower the training. However, the expectation on outcomes from training are going 
up and should be going up because we should be able to leverage generative AI to improve the 
outcome. 
We classify content in level of complexity or level of interactivity or outcomes it can generate 
as Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3. I believe that going forward, our opportunity in Level 1 content 
creation will diminish significantly because you really don't need to create that training content. 
If training was just informational, you could just as well go to Gen AI, not have to go to a training 
class at all. But training will specifically focus on higher-level outcomes, and I think that's where 
our opportunity will shift. 
Sankaranarayanan S: 
And my last question is regarding your long-term guidance of achieving $400 million to $500 
million. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Shankar, there are a large number of participants. I'm going to request you to rejoin the queue. I 
request everybody else to limit their question to one. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shradha with AMSEC. 
Shradha: 
So just on the guidance for FY '26, we saw that in FY '25 because of macros through the quarters, 
we had to cut down the guidance. So what is the confidence level in terms of FY '26 guidance? 
What have we baked in terms of macros? Is the guidance baking in any deterioration in macros? 
And any cancellations that might come up, given what is happening at the macro and how our 
existing clients are talking of in terms of their spending patterns? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So pulling together this guidance was really hard this quarter. It's been harder than it's been for 
the last several quarters. We've tried to do as good as a job as we can, but our ability to base on 
the crystal ball is only so good and things seem to be changing on a daily basis. So we will 
continue to reevaluate our guidance on a quarterly basis. We have baked in what we know. We 
know that our contract with the North American real estate business will end in June. So we 
baked that in. We baked in the pipeline and our expected probability of winning from that 
pipeline. We've baked in some conservative estimates of what our existing customers will spend 
with us. 
 
So we've tried to be as data intensive as we can be, and we've tried to be as transparent as we 
can be and what the guidance reflects is our view today. Will the world change as rapidly as it 
has changed over the last 3 months, time will tell. But we've tried to do as fair and as objective 
a job in coming up with the guidance as we could. 
Shradha: 
So the guidance does build in that whatever we have in pipeline, some deal closures would 
happen and ramp-up of that will take care of the guidance of 10%... 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
That is correct. 
Shradha: 
Right. And on the margin guidance, sir, on the 20%, 21% margin guidance that we have for this 
year, should this be treated as a new normal for margins? Or this is just a '26 guidance on 
margins. And going forward, we should look at some improvement and coming back to the 24%, 
25% average level of margin of 23%, 24%? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
See, like I pointed out earlier, both for revenue and margin, this year will be a little bit of a 
transitioning year. I think things will settle down by the time we get to the fourth quarter of the 
year. And I think then on, we will get to a steady state. So the first few quarters of this year will 
be transitionary in nature. 
Like I pointed out, long term, this business is a 2020 business. We hope that we'll be able to get 
to 20% growth as certainty comes back. And from a margin perspective, we think that it should 
be in the 20% to 22% range this year, this coming year, given the netting effect, we think it will 
be 20% to 21%. But over time, we may have an opportunity to go beyond 20%... 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ankur Shah with Capital. 
Ankur Shah: 
Sir, just one question on the business. Sir, when we mentioned about cancellation of contracts -
- or sorry, cancellation of training, like what do we mean that it is a scheduled training, which 
has been canceled and the related outsourcing cost, which we had committed, we have to pay 
them or our costs are also variable subject to the cancellation or the scheduling of the training. 
That is something I'm a little unsure. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So the part that you mentioned about cancellation of training is accurate. So in times of 
uncertainty, a number of organizations have to give up their budgets. And in turn, that results 
into cancellation of classes that are scheduled or that are on the calendar. Now in terms of 
expenses, all training that we deliver is not outsourced expense. It is not variable expense. A fair 
part of our expense is variable. 
However, a large part of our expense is also fixed. The part that we cannot recover is the fixed 
expense. The classes that have fixed expense allocated result into lower utilization of headcount 
as compared to what was planned and therefore, results into margin depletion. 
What was to be outsourced often does not need to be outsourced and therefore, there isn't margin 
depletion. And that's the reason why I made the comment that as we look ahead, we will have 
higher variability in our business given the uncertainty. 
Ankur Shah: 
And sir, is that variability component driving slightly lower guidance in margins? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Well, fixed costs when utilized to the maximum result into lowest expense. Variable costs come 
at a premium. So variable headcount, variable staff come at a premium. And if 100% of our cost 
basis was variable, then our unit cost would be higher because you would have to pay a premium 
for that. 
 
We have time for maybe one or two question. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Venkat with Mirabilis Investment Trust. 
Venkat: 
My question is regarding on the RE real estate deal again. You mentioned that the deal is 
converting into nonexclusive basis. Are we planning to bid for the deal in this nonexclusive 
basis? Or will the deal ramp down to 0 from next quarter? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So we have assumed that in the guidance that we have provided, we have assumed that it will 
ramp down to 0. We are in conversations with a number of players who are likely to participate 
in the deal. Just so you know, and this was true when we won the contract 7 years ago as well. 
To be able to be a partner, you have to be an accredited college. We partnered in our first go 
around, we partnered with one of the accredited colleges, and that's how we were able to 
consummate the deal. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, it's going to move from exclusive to nonexclusive. So a number of 
colleges are going to be in the fight. We have discussions on with some of those colleges. And 
if we get selected, we may have some participation, but we have assumed that it will come down 
to 0 when we provided the guidance. 
Venkat: 
Okay. And on your long-term guidance of USD400 million to USD500 million by FY27, do you 
think that goal is far fested? Or do you believe we have enough acquisitions in the pipeline to 
reach anywhere close to that? 
Vijay Thadani: 
So our goal is to get to $400 million to $500 million by FY’28. And given that we have not 
grown at 20%, 25% year-on-year over the last 3 years, the climb has become harder. But I think 
with the strong balance sheet we have, the opportunities we have, I think we still have a chance. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pranay Jain with Pan Tree Advisors Private Limited. 
Pranay Jain: 
So when is the Ontario contract getting over? 
Vijay Thadani: 
June of '25. 
Pranay Jain: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly, so you used to give out top 5, top 10, top 20 customers revenue mix. 
So can you please share that with us? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes, we'll be happy to to share it with you. 
Pranay Jain: 
Okay. Okay, sure. And thirdly, so -- like are the margins for the AI-related contracts at same 
levels as that of company level margins? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So we don't comment on margins for specific customers, but we believe that the AI contracts 
will generate same or better margins for us. Hit in our results data sheet, those numbers are 
provided already. If you could have a look at that. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Janish Shah with Investment Professional. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Janish Shah: 
Just to get some understanding on this AI, I mean you clearly mentioned that a lot of part of 
commodity or repetitive training is going to get replaced with the machine. In this transition, 
how do we see -- so generally, today, if you're talking about the cost advantage, which you have 
been mentioning is around like 40%, which is making the outsourcing more sensible with the 
client. So in an environment where the AI transition is going to happen, what choice does the 
customer will have? Do they have this -- I mean because the cost advantage is going to evaporate 
or reduce significantly. 
 
And as you mentioned, that there's going to be a level up, which is going to happen from your 
side. But does it mean that the opportunity, client budget basically will get shrink because of the 
AI or the cost of training per employee, as just mentioned about $1,100 has remained for a 
decade. That's going to change. 
And I mean, profitability you mentioned, but I'm just trying to understand the outsourcing. I 
mean, do you tend the clients to go for an outsourcing, especially when the industry total 
outsourcing is fairly minimum right now. And do you see that the transformation for the client 
from being an in-house to an outsourcing, it still makes sense in a changing environment that 
will help in understanding the landscape? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
I think you had 2 or 3 questions mixed up in one. But what I would say is, one, people don't 
outsource because they are looking at somebody else to do the same thing that they were able to 
do internally. People outsource because organizations want to achieve better outcomes as 
compared to what they are able to create internally. 
And that's the reason why many organizations choose to outsource what is not core to them. And 
when I say what's not core to them, our customers in oil and gas, what's core to them is 
exploration, what's core to them is drilling, what's core to them is refining, what's core to them 
is distribution. Training is not core to them. And therefore, to be able to become the best in the 
world at training is not very advantageous for them from an investment perspective. 
 
So what do they do? They look at organizations who can reliably support them for training, and 
be able to bring the best in the world to their employees so that their employees can get the skills 
that are so important for them. 
While they are doing that, they also are able to get benefit from the scale that their partners have 
and therefore, save money. But it's not the cart before the horse. The reason why organizations 
outsource is because they don't want to invest in areas that are not core to their business. 
 
Now AI will fundamentally transform training just as 30, 40 years ago, advent of electronic 
training or e-learning or digital training transform the training industry. So industries go through 
multiple transformations over their life, but that doesn't affect them. Like I pointed out, 
organizations have been spending about $1,100 per employee for many, many years. Sometimes 
it goes down to $1,050, sometimes it becomes $1,150, but it doesn't change to $300. 
Vijay Thadani: 
I think we should now focus on the last question. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next that is Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Deepak: 
Yes. Sir, I had just one question regarding your sector performance. So if I look at this quarter, 
the management consulting and professional services vertical has shown a good comeback, 
right? 
On a Q-o-Q basis, we have almost did a 25% plus revenue growth. So just wanted to understand, 
has the volume in management consulting has come back, which was kind of subdued due to 
business environment and push for cost reduction? Or is it that the volumes in management 
consulting still remain subdued, but because there could be a one-off which we booked in this 
quarter because of our advisory and strategic consulting revenue? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So there are 2 parts to my answer. See, there is a seasonal impact to our consulting and advisory 
practice. It typically does better in Q1 as compared to Q4, predominantly because a number of 
the customers that we work with take vacation time in our Q3. Now this is contrast to several 
other customers who try to consume their budgets. 
As you might know, for a number of big 4 and management consulting firms, they don't follow 
a calendar year as a fiscal year. They have midyear fiscal years, whereas a large majority of our 
customers have calendar years as fiscal years. So consequent to that, we have a seasonality in 
the consulting and advisory business. And we see a quarter-on-quarter increase when we go from 
Q3 to Q4. So that is one reason. 
 
But I would also say that while last year, we saw budget cuts across most of our customers, this 
coming year, it looks like we are turning the bend, and we are likely to see growth. 
Deepak: 
Okay. So there is an element of season and there is also you are seeing some green shoot in terms 
of L&D spending by the big 4s. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
That's correct. 
Deepak: 
If you allow -- one more question. Okay. Sir, just to double-click on one of the earlier participant 
question as well, this cancellation part, you explained that there is a fixed component to it and 
there is a variable component to it, right? 
And wherever there is fixed component, obviously, if the new customer doesn't ramp up his 
contract and you have fixed expenses for that contract, obviously, your margin gets pulled down, 
correct. But if I look at your P&L, most of the spike in expenses has come from this professional 
technical outsourcing expense, right, which is mostly variable in nature, if I'm not wrong. 
So I'm not able to understand where is the fixed part coming from this professional and technical 
outsourcing expenses, which is impacting our margin because of slower ramp-up of new 
customer and cancellation of existing training schedules? 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
So it will be hard for you to discern it from our P&L because there is netting. On one side, we 
are seeing ramp-up of our customer. And as we ramp up the customer, we have higher 
outsourced expenses to ramp up this particular customer. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
And like I pointed out, as we ramp up the customer until we get to a steady state, we like to keep 
our costs variable so that we get to fixed costs once we have realized the consumption patterns. 
So that's one part of the answer. And that's why you see a spike or an increase in variable costs. 
 
On the other hand, we had allocated fixed costs to a number of classes, which got canceled. And 
those fixed costs could not be utilized given the cancellations. So we had utilization problems 
or we had idle time issues because of cancellation on one side, and we had ramp-up costs, which 
were variable in nature on the other side. 
Now the reason why we can't net off each of these because, I mean, an easy question could be 
that if you have people who have utilization issues on one side, why the heck would you spend 
money on outsourcing? That is because there are different skills that are needed to address 
different customer needs. 
One customer might need Red Hat skills, another customer might need AWS, somebody else 
might need some other skills. So it is not like-to-like. So we couldn't exchange folks who had 
utilization issues with folks who we were outsourcing. Did that make sense? 
Deepak: 
Sir, just to clarify on that. So for example, let's say, the new customer who was supposed to ramp 
up as expected in Q4 didn't ramp up, right? Is it that the trainer whom you have recruited as an 
outsourced agent to teach your customer, you paid that trainer in advance and that is where one 
of the elements.  
Sapnesh Lalla: 
We did not lose on outsourced expenses. Our margin is not local because we had unutilized 
outsourced expenses. The reason why we have variable cost is if we don't have utilization, we 
don't have to incur the expenses. Like I pointed out, we had one customer who was ramping up. 
They did ramp up quarter-on-quarter in a significant way, but did not reach the peak that we 
were expecting them to reach. 
However, from a cost perspective, that is not what hurt us. It's not like we were paying 
contractors for not doing work. We paid them and they did the work. However, the outsourcing 
expense was higher compared to previous quarter because we saw that customer ramp up. 
Deepak:  
 
Thank you so much. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
This time if you need more clarification, do get in touch with Kapil, and he'll be happy to have 
another discussion with you. And thanks for taking the time, everyone. I know it's a busy 
schedule for you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sapnesh Lalla: 
Thank you. Thanks a lot for joining the call, even though it went on for a little bit longer than 
we had planned. We learn a lot from your questions, and we get a lot of insights, and we would 
love to continue this dialogue as we look ahead. 

 
 
NIIT Learning Systems Limited
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of NIIT Learning Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
