 
 
EL/SEC/2025-26/ 41 
 
July 07, 2025 
 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda  
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
"Exchange Plaza", C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Script Code: 543533 
 
Symbol: EMUDHRA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call post the acquisition of Cryptas International GmbH, Austria 
 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, read with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) 
Regulations, 2021, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings call held on July 02, 
2025, post the acquisition of the Cryptas International GmbH, Austria. The audio recording of the 
Earnings Call, along with the Transcript, is available on the Company’s website at 
https://emudhra.com/investors.jsp. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
For eMudhra Limited 
 
 
 
 
Johnson Xavier 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A28304 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above. 
 
 
 
JOHNS
ON  
XAVIER
Digitally signed 
by JOHNSON  
XAVIER 
Date: 
2025.07.07 
16:44:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“eMudhra Limited 
Acquisition Update Conference Call” 
July 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENKATRAMAN SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. RITESH RAJ PARIYANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. KAUSHIK SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT – PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, EMUDHRA 
LIMITED  
 
 
MR. ARVIND SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT – INTERNATIONAL SALES AND 
STRATEGY, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the eMudhra Limited Conference Call for the 
update on acquisition of Cryptas International. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Executive Chairman. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you. Welcome all of you to this conference call. We are 
very happy to announce and inform you that eMudhra B.V., a subsidiary of eMudhra Limited 
has entered into an agreement dated June 27, 2025 for acquisition of 51% controlling stake in 
Cryptas International GmbH, Vienna, Austria. 
 
Cryptas is a prominent European provider of encryption and trust services and Cryptas 
International GmbH owns 100% of the following companies, PrimeSign GmbH, Austria, which 
is a Qualified Trust Service Provider in Europe, Cryptas IT Security GmbH, Austria, engaged 
in Cyber Security business in Austria, Cryptas International GmbH's holding company, these 
are subsidiary companies doing business in their respective areas, and Cryptas Deutschland 
GmbH, Germany, which is engaged in Cyber Security business in Germany. And Cryptas 
Nordics AB, Sweden, engaged in Cyber Security business in Sweden. And again, Cryptas 
International also holds 49% in another company called European Trust Service GmbH, Vienna, 
where balance 51% is owned by an Austrian government owned company. 
 
The acquisition of Cryptas International GmbH will expand eMudhra's global digital trust 
footprint, particularly in the European Union, because as all of you know we have good presence 
in Middle East, good presence in Africa, and over the last two years we have established good 
presence in USA, now we need to establish presence in Europe, so this acquisition will 
complement and enable us to establish a presence there. 
 
And then from a consideration perspective, immediate cash consideration of 5 million is being 
paid, and then on the basis of, for this 51%, then on the basis of 10x EBITDA multiple for 2026, 
the upside will be paid for the same 51%. 
 
Then from 28 to 30 there will be a put or call option in favor of the promoters as well as in favor 
of eMudhra for the balance for 10% to put call at the same valuation multiples of 10x EBITDA. 
So, at that valuation this can be done. And again, the transaction we have already signed the 
agreement and the money remittance and the closing of the transaction everything is expected 
to take three to four weeks' time. 
 
And the main rationale is main thing is expansion into Europe, which I already explained to you. 
Then enhanced solution portfolio. The key thing is up to now we are only web trust accredited, 
we are not IDAS accredited or European accreditation is not there, so we are not able to provide 
the digital signature and other trusted signature services in the European region. 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
So now with this Cryptas acquisition, because PrimeSign is already accredited, we can provide 
this digital services business in the European region also. So, this is one area of complementarity. 
Another area is on this certificate lifecycle management side. 
 
While we offer certificate lifecycle management from a server side, this company Cryptas offers 
from a client side. So that product we can take globally. So, this is another synergy which is 
there. 
 
And then at present in the European region they are selling third-party product. For example, for 
the CA system they are selling another US company solution into the European region. Instead 
of it they can market our solution. 
 
So that way both sides complementarity is there and also the new to that they have a very good 
customer base in the banking segment, financial service segment, government segment and other 
enterprise segment into which they can sell our CA solutions, authentication solutions and all 
that and also the paperless solution also can be sold. So that way mutual complementarity is 
there in terms of our ability to sell their solution and their ability to sell our solutions. 
 
And then the third rationale is they can do everything more cost effective. At present they have 
50 employees. Everybody is based in Europe. So now for additional employment they can create 
offshore some of this low-end work and also offshore some of the other work into India so that 
the cost base can be effectively reduced so that the profitability can be improved. 
 
Then on the new innovation side on cyber security, jointly both companies can apply our mind 
and bring out new innovative products into the market so that will be another synergy. So that 
way this company has very good synergy with eMudhra and eMudhra's product and services and 
also from a region perspective they are present in the region where we are not strong so that way 
that also offers lot of complementarities. And again, though as indicated by us in the stock 
exchange update though the current profitability they are EBITDA positive but the profitability 
is slightly less. 
 
So, from there with all these synergies we hope that we can improve the profitability 
considerably over the next two to three years and also increase the top line. So, this is the broad 
picture about this Cryptas acquisition.  
 
So now we can have question and answers. So, any one of you want to ask question you can ask 
and then we can answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Surbhi from Bellwether Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surbhi: 
Hi sir. Congratulations on the acquisition. I wanted to understand the importance and the 
advantage of being a Qualified Trust Service Provider given the IDAS regulations. I believe that 
there are a few Non-Qualified Trust Service Providers also in that region. So what significance 
or what added advantage does being a Qualified Trust Service Provider provides? 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Yes, thank you for that question. So, to quickly answer there is no concept of Non-Qualified 
Trust Service Provider. Anybody that has to basically issue digital signatures that are in legal 
compliance with the European identity law which is eIDAS essentially has to be a qualified trust 
service provider. 
 
So, this company, one of the subsidiaries called PrimeSign is a qualified trust service provider 
serving the Austrian German market where they have a lot of customers, both the enterprise 
segment as well as the small and medium business segment. Over time the plan is to obviously 
take it to the other parts of the European Union. That's number one. 
 
Number two, Europe has been somewhat of a forefront in terms of global standardization as far 
as many things are concerned. A lot of these standards that today we are dealing let's say in 
telecom, internet etc. is a consequence of European standards. 
 
So eIDAS as a framework is being adopted by many countries globally in the Middle East, in 
Africa, in Latin America and many other geographies that we operate. So even here the 
importance of having a trust service provider that we own is quite significant because to many 
of these markets now we are able to position that we are not only accredited for instance in India 
and web trust but also in Europe. So, in essence, coverage will be significant. 
 
So, we will be accredited in India, we will be accredited in the Middle East, we will be accredited 
in Europe. We will also be web trust accredited which allows us to offer certificates in many 
other parts of the world. So as a player it puts us in a very unique spot when we sell digital 
signatures in many markets and we also sell solutions that are largely backed on European driven 
standards. 
Surbhi: 
Got it, got it. And just a follow up on the CLM side. Sir mentioned that Cryptas offers from the 
client side. Could you just broadly explain that a bit in detail? What do you mean by client side 
and on the CLM branch? 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
So, in Europe there is a heavy or rather a huge market for digital signature certificates to even 
authenticate into your laptops, desktops and those kind of, even for instance mobile devices and 
stuff, which is what we call clients. As again servers which are typically devices that are used or 
machines that are used to host websites. 
 
So, a lot of the customers that Cryptas deals with are fairly large banks, sort of energy companies 
etc. who use their solution and the associated digital signature certificates to log in to such 
devices and there is heavy usage of digital signature certificates driven both by voluntary 
adoption as well as compliance mandates.  
So now when you are looking at a large workforce that are using digital signature certificates 
on, let's say, thousands or hundreds of thousands of laptops etc. You need the ability to also 
manage the certificate life cycle similar to what we do on the server side with the websites. 
 
So that's the solution that they have in terms of managing the clients, not only being able to issue 
these client certificates for enterprise authentication, but also to manage their life cycle. So in 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
my sense it's very complementary to what we do because we are more on the server, they are 
more on the client. So now we'll have a much more comprehensive offering. 
Surbhi: 
Got it. And could you also give some more flavor on the client profile of Cryptas and the length 
of relationships you've had with them? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes, so broad client segments one is BFSI, government is there, then energy sector and other 
enterprises and a lot of them are very large clients and in the retail they have almost 55,000, 
60,000 clients who use their digital signature and these clients have been there almost for last 10 
years, 8 to 10 years and mainly in the Austria, Germany and also some little bit of clients in the 
in Switzerland some clients and also in Sweden. 
Surbhi: 
Got it. I have one more question. So, I believe Cryptas is using key factors acquired PKI solution 
EJBCA and we have our own PKI solution as well. Is there a possibility to replace that solution 
with ours and in that process, what would be the complexity involved? How would the transition 
take place at the customer end and over what length of period of time would you be able to do 
that? If that is a possibility in the first place? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes, it is a possibility. That's right, but wherever already they have sold immediate replacement 
may not come, but wherever new sales are happening in that instead of pitching the other people's 
product they can pitch eMudhra product and whenever the replacement comes for the existing 
product where that key factor CA solution is there, there again they can propose the eMudhra 
solution. So that way over time this replacement can happen. 
 
Then we have also estimated in a year what can happen. So, in a year whatever they sell one is 
this and the other including our other what Kaushik explained certificate life cycle management 
and all that almost a million dollar of saving plus incremental revenue will be possible as of now 
immediately. 
Surbhi: 
Understood. And one last bookkeeping question, is there a debt in the books of Cryptas? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Debt is not there, small debt is there, but otherwise the promoter himself has funded by way of 
a Mezzanine Capital. So that Mezzanine Capital is there, but that Mezzanine Capital is being 
counted as part of the overall equity of the promoter which when we buy it will within the 
valuation it will subsume, but other than that the other debts are not so high. 
Surbhi: 
Okay, sir. Okay, I'll get back in the question queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Santosh from Viansh Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Santosh: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. My question is regarding the services which Cryptas is providing. I 
think they have trust services and cyber security. So, what is the percentage between them? And 
the second part of the question is that in the previous calls also we have said because of the 
increase in the service business the margin has come down a little bit. So, will this will be a 
margin accretive or it will impact the margin? 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No, that service business what we were saying is not this trust service business. That service 
business was for doing the cyber security and digital transformation related people-based 
services. Trust services are similar to eMudhra. 
 
So, in eMudhra also if you see almost 20% of our business come from the trust services where 
we issue digital signatures. Like that for them also almost if you see 18% to 20% come from 
their trust service business. Other thing is more solution business. It is not a service in the sense 
services of providing people relating to digital transformation. It is a service of third-party 
implementation and then consulting and those kinds of services. 
 
So today the profitability is lower predominantly they operate fully from high-cost region. So 
now with taking our product and then pushing some of the operation back to India for the growth 
purposes and all that the profitability can again be back to our at least some 20% EBITDA kind 
of margins. 
Santosh: 
Okay, understood sir. So, what is the size of opportunity you are looking for in eMudhra with 
the acquisition of like in long term when the integration happens between both eMudhra and 
Cryptas in long term 2, 3 years what is the kind of opportunity we are looking at in Europe? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Currently they are doing around if you see EUR9.7 million, EUR9.8 million revenue. So, we 
have made optimistic projection and then reasonable very conservative projection. On the 
conservative projection in 4 years, we are thinking of EUR15 million, EUR16 million. On the 
optimistic projection EUR20 million. 
Santosh: 
Yes, understood. And sir, last question. So, we can expect the similar kind of margin profile like 
eMudhra the combination which you have Trust services and Cybersecurity similar to the 
Cryptas also or will have it is a better margin profile? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No, it will have similar margin profile but not currently that will take maybe another 2 years to 
come to that. Because cost saving and all that. 
Santosh: 
Sure, understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surbhi from Bellwether Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surbhi: 
Yes, hi. Thank you again for the opportunity. From a positioning point of view of Cryptas could 
you give us an overview of the competitive landscape there in terms of the other players that are 
there that we are competing with their size and scale or some sense around from a capability 
perspective how are we competitively positioned in this? 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
In the trust service space, they operate again in two segments. One is trust service and then the 
solutions. In the trust service space, there is only two of them in the Austrian market and Cryptas 
and the other player pretty much have a equal share. 
 
On the solution side Cryptas is fairly niche because they solve a unique need in the German, 
Austrian and the Swiss market in terms of the client side authentication using PKI where there 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
are not a lot of competitors that are basically having capability set that they have which is why 
the kind of client profile are all very large banks including some key for instance energy utilities 
companies and so many other sort of large names in that market. 
 
So, on the trust service while there is a local competitor on the enterprise solution, we feel they 
are somewhat uniquely positioned in those, because they are also the focus is not pan Europe. 
They are largely restricted today to the German, Austrian, Swiss and the Swedish market. 
Predominant revenue coming from German, Austria. 
Surbhi: 
Understood. What would be the broad revenue split between trust and the services business? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: So, the out of EUR 9.7 trust will be around EUR 1.8, EUR 1.9. The balance will be the other 
solutions. 
Surbhi: 
Got it. And just wanted to understand the cost structure of Cryptas better. How much of that 
could be this ballpark the employee cost? How much of that would be sales and marketing? How 
much would that be for the product or the platform cost? 
 
Just if you can give a broad cost structure of Cryptas and like you mentioned that there is an 
opportunity to outsource some of the work to India and improve the margin. How do you see 
that playing out in the next 2, 3 years? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Almost 55%, 60% is the employee cost. So that is where lot of scope is there to outsource 
something and then one is on that. The second thing is the whatever they are buying the third-
party component like the other CA solution they are buying that can be replaced by eMudhra 
solution. So there also cost can be saved. So, both ways cost can be saved. The main thing is the 
55%, 60% is employee cost on the total cost. 
Surbhi: 
Got it. Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: So, I once again thank all of you for joining this conference. I hope we have answered your 
questions satisfactorily. Even if you have any more questions later on you can contact us so that 
we can answer you and with that remark I would like to close the meeting and thank you once 
again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of eMudhra Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
 
Notes: 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of 
the proceedings. 
                                                2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
                                                3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of eMudhra Limited. 
 
