 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000 
f: +91 120 4680330 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
 
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Audio recording of the Conference Call held on April 22, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
enclosed please find a copy of the transcript of the Audio Recording of the Conference Call 
held on April 22, 2025, post the announcement of the financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The is also available on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations. 
 
 This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
Manish 
Anand
Digitally signed 
by Manish Anand 
Date: 2025.04.25 
17:44:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HCLTech's Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. C. Vijayakumar – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Senior Vice President & Head - Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HCLTech's Q4 and Annual 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing "*", then "0" on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta – Investor Relations. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Mohta. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, Renju. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very warm 
welcome to HCLTech’s Q4 and Annual FY25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and Managing Director, HCLTech; Mr. 
Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer; along with the broader Leadership Team to 
discuss the performance of the company during the quarter, followed by a Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-
looking, which involve a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such 
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made herein are 
based upon information presently available to the Management, and the 
Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that 
may be made in the course of this call. 
In this regard, please do review the safe harbour statements in the formal 
investor release documents, and all the factors that can cause the difference.  
Over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Nitin. Good evening, good afternoon, and good morning to everyone. 
Thank you for joining us for Q4 and FY25 Earnings Call. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Let me get straight to the business performance: 
At the beginning of the fiscal year, there was cautious optimism regarding 
growth considering the market situation, in the backdrop of reduced 
discretionary spending and a slowdown in certain industry verticals.  
In FY25, we demonstrated resilience and growth, supported by our diverse and 
all-weather portfolio, despite uncertainty in the global economy. I am pleased 
to share that we have delivered superior growth with good control over steady 
profitability during this period. 
Our razor-sharp focus on clients during this period of uncertainty helped us 
achieve results that matched our guidance. I sincerely thank all HCLTechies for 
their dedication and performance during this especially tough year for the 
industry.  
In FY25, we reported a consolidated revenue of $13.84 billion, an increase of 
4.7% in constant currency. All growth rates I would refer to, would be in constant 
currency. This growth is attributed to both Services and Software business. Our 
operating margin was at 18.3%, a 7 basis points increase over FY24. 
FY25 marks the third consecutive year of our Services business outpacing our 
similar-sized peers. In FY25, our Services business achieved a growth of 4.8%. 
This performance was driven by IT and Business Services, which reported an 
increase of 4.6%; and Engineering and R&D Services, which recorded growth of 
5.5%.  
HCL Software also demonstrated strong performance with a growth of 3.5%. 
HCL Software's Annual Recurring Revenue, ARR, is now at $1.03 billion. This also 
marks a growth acceleration in HCL Software compared to FY24. 
Now to provide a snapshot of our Q4 performance: 
Our revenues declined 0.8% sequentially, due to the seasonality in the Software 
business. It grew 2.9% on a year-on-year basis. Our operating margin for the 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
quarter stood at 17.9%. Our Services business grew 0.7% sequentially and 2.7% 
year-on-year. 
In terms of geographies: 
During the financial year, all 3 grew. Americas, the largest IT Services market 
grew 5.3%; ROW followed with a 4.7% increase; and Europe grew 3.5% year-on-
year. Shiv will later comment on geo-reporting going forward with some 
changes that we have coming up. 
In terms of verticals: 
This year our leading vertical was Telecom, Media and Publishing, which 
exhibited a very strong growth of 43.4% in FY25; Retail & CPG achieved a 10.7% 
increase; Technology and Services grew 6.7%.  
Further to capitalize on the large spend of public sector, and in line with the 
strategy to expand our market participation, we recently established HCLTech 
Public Sector Solutions, a subsidiary dedicated to serving state and local 
government, and education organizations, as well as federal, civilian and 
defense agencies in the United States. 
We continue to focus on and add G2000 clients or equivalent and emerging 
enterprises even during this period of relatively slow industry growth. Overall, 
we have added 6 customers in the $50 million category, and 1 in the $20 million 
category on a year-on-year basis.  
In terms of booking: 
We had a very strong quarter. In fact, the second highest after the September 
2023 quarter, which was on the back of a mega deal, which all of you know. This 
quarter, we did $3 billion of net-new booking. At the fiscal year level, the total 
new booking TCV stands at $9.3 billion. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
During the quarter, the strong booking was well balanced across service lines, 
geographies and verticals. Our Engineering and R&D Services business had a 
record high booking, which is a 75% growth in FY25. This demonstrates the great 
execution of our integrated GTM organization. 
A couple of deals that stand out in Engineering Services include a US-based 
global high-tech company, who selected us for a mega engineering Services 
deal to serve the rapidly growing AI-powered silicon and software-defined 
vehicle segments. The client will leverage our industry-leading capabilities in 
semiconductor space to bring cutting-edge solutions to the market.  
We announced a collaboration with ChargePoint, a leading provider of 
networked charging solutions for electric vehicles, to accelerate innovation in 
EV charging software and to deliver scalable and customizable EV charging 
experiences. We have established an advanced R&D centre for ChargePoint in 
Bangalore. 
As I mentioned, our deals were balanced across verticals this quarter. For 
example, in Financial Services, the Western Union has formed a strategic 
partnership with HCLTech to drive innovation and transformation. 
As its largest preferred partner, we will enable the Western Union's transition to 
an AI-led platform operating model, driving agility and scale in the market. We 
continue to see good traction in Telecom, Media, and Technology sectors. A 
Fortune-50 telecom company expanded its partnership with us to enhance its 
high-density network performance and customer experience. We will guide the 
implementation of client’s customer experience services portfolio.  
A US-based global media company expanded its partnership with HCLTech to 
establish an AI Centre of Excellence for direct-to-consumer platforms, media 
supply chains, enterprise systems, and brand experiences. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Geographically, we are well-diversified globally as we are winning deals across 
our focus on new frontier markets, apart from our core markets like US, UK, and 
Nordics.  
A Middle East-based real estate company selected us to modernize and 
manage its entire technology operations, leveraging our cutting-edge AI Force 
and CloudSMART solutions to drive its digital transformation and improve 
customer experience.  
A Europe-based global technology major selected HCLTech as a strategic 
infrastructure partner for its rapidly expanding enterprise applications, cloud 
platform, and customer base.  
I will talk about some of the other interesting deals in AI, when I discuss the 
progress around our AI initiatives. 
In terms of pipeline: 
We are very pleased with the health of our pipeline. It continues to be near all-
time high, even as we saw healthy conversions in Q4. The pipeline is supported 
by multiple deals across ITBS, ERS, and HCL Software. Notably, AI and GenAI are 
now integral components of almost every deal. Both Americas and Europe have 
shown considerable growth in the pipeline during the last quarter.  
In terms of people: 
As of 31st March 2025, our count was 223,420 across 60 countries and includes 
167 nationalities. Our IT Services voluntary attrition on an LTM basis is at 13%, one 
of the lowest in the industry. As the revenue grew 4.7% this year, we had a 1.8% 
reduction in our employee base. This was well supported by acceleration in our 
AI-led automation efforts. 
It's directionally aligned with our intent to drive non-linearity in our business. We 
have made significant strides in AI and GenAI impacting both clients and 
internal operations and processes. Our 4 flagship AI offerings- AI Force, AI 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Foundry, AI Labs, and AI Engineering, have seen substantial adoption and 
scaling in FY25. 
AI Force has gained significant traction with 57 deployments among 22 clients 
in this financial year. These service transformations have created a significant 
business impact for our clients, such as a billion-dollar impact for a large 
insurance company by accelerating their policy modernization using GenAI. We 
have integrated the AI Force platform with leading technology providers, 
including NVIDIA, Intel, Google, Anthropic Claude 3, Amazon Bedrock, GitHub 
Copilot, SAP, Azure, OpenAI, et cetera. 
We are driving agentic capabilities for a variety of use cases. AI Force has built 
50-plus pre-built recipes across requirements, development, testing, DevOps, 
technical support, and supporting commercially off-the-shelf products.  
AI Engineering has been pivotal in this transformation, offering solutions such 
as vision-based inspection, predictive equipment failure analysis, silicon 
engineering, data and AI transformation, and more. 
We launched:  
- 
Assure AI, a comprehensive suite of testing Services, to ensure the quality 
and trustworthiness of LLM-powered applications.  
- 
3D IIP, which is 3D Industrial Inspection Platform, for AI-powered 
autonomous inspection in asset-heavy industries.  
We are also focused on driving industry-focused and horizontal repeatable 
solutions, including AI-powered safety and security solutions, through multi-
modal edge awareness; and insight for defect detection and classification for 
manufacturers; trade-compliant solutions in financial Services; clinical advisor 
solutions; intelligent regulatory platforms in Life Sciences; Netsight for 
improved telecom network performance; and enhanced customer experience 
for telecom and horizontal offerings. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Our AI Labs continue to help clients in their AI journey. It has delivered 500 AI 
and Gen AI engagements for 400 clients. We are investing significantly in 
driving agentic capabilities across our offerings, AI Force, AI Foundry, and AI 
Engineering. 
We are a premier partner to Google, Microsoft, AWS, ServiceNow, Salesforce, 
and SAP on agentic technologies. We released 50 agents on Google 
Marketplace across multiple industries, transforming various business 
processes, including IT, HR, customer relationship management, finance, and 
sales. We are partnering with Salesforce to bring agentic AI to PenFed Credit 
Union, America's second-largest federal credit union, accelerating its journey 
towards enhanced member engagement and operational efficiency. 
We used Google Cloud's Cortex Framework, manufacturing data engine 
platform- Vertex AI, and agentic framework to build HCLTech Insight, an AI 
agent that helps enterprises by identifying product defects and other 
anomalies.  
HCL Software is adopting AI and Generative AI into various aspects of its 
business. We launched UNO, our agentic AI orchestrator, to strategically target 
the rapidly growing agentic market for next-gen process optimisation and 
transformation. 
With the focus on talent transformation, we have trained more than 100,000 
users and 4,000 developers in AI / Gen AI in 2025. We're also partnering with 
ecosystem providers such as NVIDIA, IBM, Microsoft, and Google for training 
and certification programs.  
Some of the deal wins in AI space include Carrix, the world's largest independent 
marine and rail terminal operator, who selected us to improve its global port 
operations with the advanced suite of AI engineering and AIoT offerings. 
We will leverage our experience in automation, AIoT, and Vision AI to unify 
Carrix's various terminal management tools into one optimized system. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Children's Minnesota, a non-profit and one of the largest pediatric health 
systems in the US, chose us, and we will use AI Force platform to optimize 
Children's Minnesota systems, reducing manual tasks and enable data-driven 
decision-making.  
A Middle East-based financial Services firm selected HCLTech's AI Lab offerings 
to build COEs for key technologies like Generative AI and data, enhanced IT 
capabilities, and drive operational efficiencies. 
A very important feature of our wins is that we have now had several instances 
where we're winning higher wallet share with existing customers, even as we 
bake in Generative AI-induced productivity gains in our bids.  
In terms of business outlook: 
Enterprises are expected to accelerate the adoption of AI into their digital core, 
to address technical debt and modernize legacy systems. This will require cloud 
migration efforts, updating infrastructure frameworks, and developing a solid 
data foundation. 
AI-led efficiency ambitions of clients will continue to drive demand, 
emphasizing vendor consolidation and technology transformation.  
In this period, discretionary spending will continue to be subdued. New 
technology projects will need strong ROI justifications, with client organizations 
amidst macroeconomic challenges. However, geopolitical factors like tariffs 
and deglobalization are expected to impact IT Services. It may lead to budget 
cuts and contract renegotiations or delays. In the coming months, it will be 
important to observe and monitor the evolving developments. 
It can also play out differently, where quick decisions are made to optimize costs 
and diversify supply chains. We will be nimble enough to capitalize on 
opportunities. We remain committed to collaborating with our clients, 
supporting them in achieving their primary objectives as a trusted partner. 
Together, we will navigate through these uncertainties.  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
As I look beyond the uncertain short-term, we strongly believe there are strong 
growth opportunities emerging out of the market uncertainties. We are well 
positioned to capitalize on them, as we continue to diversify and expand our 
portfolio to address the needs of enterprise clients in the AI era. I think it’s 
important to make those strategic decisions and the right investments, both 
organically and inorganically, keeping the long term in mind.  
With respect to our guidance, as mentioned in our Investor Release, our 
guidance for FY26 is as follows. The revenue growth guidance for the full year 
is 2% to 5% in constant currency. EBIT margin guidance is at 18% to 19%. The 
guidance is the same for Services and Company.  
Now I would request Shiv to walk you through more details on the numbers. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to all of you. 
Thank you for joining our Q4 FY25 Earnings Call. 
Let me walk you through our financial performance for the quarter first: 
Starting with the revenue performance: 
Total revenue for the quarter is at $3,494 million, a 0.8% degrowth quarter-on-
quarter, attributed to the software seasonality with a growth of 2.9% year-on-
year in constant currency terms. 
Coming to the Services side: 
Services revenue came in at $3,163 million, which is an increase of 0.7% quarter-
on-quarter, and a growth of 2.7% year-on-year in constant currency terms. We 
are pleased with the positive sequential growth despite tactical headwinds in 
our portfolio that we had talked about in January.  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Software revenue for the quarter is $348 million, a 12.9% degrowth quarter-on-
quarter due to the usual quarterly seasonality. This represents healthy growth 
of 4.9% year-on-year in constant currency terms.  
Moving on to the profitability metrics: 
Our EBIT is at $627 million at 17.9% of revenue, which is a year-on-year 
improvement of 34 basis points. Net income for the quarter is $496 million at 
14.2% of revenue. 
Just to give you some color on how our margins have moved quarter-on-quarter, 
seasonality in Software business caused 124 basis point drop in margins at the 
company level. Services margin dropped by 38 basis points quarter-on-quarter 
due to second cycle of increments in this quarter, which had an impact of 50 
basis points and Forex had a positive impact of 46 basis points. A balance drop 
in margins is contributed by investment in sales and marketing. Project Ascend 
continues to help us to deliver to our margin goals, even as we continue to make 
investments in sales and build our Gen AI capabilities.  
Now moving on to our Financial Performance for the full Financial Year 2025: 
Again, starting with the revenue performance. Total revenue for the year is at 
$13,840 million, a growth of 4.7% YoY in constant currency terms. 
Coming to the Services side. Services revenue came in at $12,462 million, a 
growth of 4.8% YoY in constant currency terms. Software revenue for the year 
is at $1,424 million, a growth of 3.5% YoY in constant currency terms.  
And the profitability: 
Our EBIT for the full year is at $2,531 billion at 18.3% of revenue, which is an 
improvement of 7 basis point year-on-year basis. Net income for the year is at 
$2,041 million at 14.7% of revenues.  
An update on return on invested capital: 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Our ROIC continues to improve. Thanks to our ongoing focus on profitability and 
efficient capital management. The LTM ROIC is at 37.9% for the company, up 411 
basis point YoY. And Services ROIC now is at 45.5%, up 376 basis points YoY. 
Software continues to improve with ROIC at 19.9%, up 370 basis point year-on-
year.  
Our cash generation is another highlight I would like to focus your attention on. 
Cash generation remains strong this year also. Over the last 12 months, 
operating cash flow is at $2.63 billion, while free cash flow is amounted to $2.5 
billion for this year. Our Operating Cash Flow to Net Income conversion is at 
129%, and Free Cash Flow to Net Income is at 123%. Our balance sheet continues 
to strengthen with Gross Cash at $3.62 billion and Net Cash at $3.35 billion.  
Our DSO has significantly contributed to strong cash generation for the 
company. Our total DSO, including unbilled, is currently at 80 days, a three-day 
improvement, YoY basis.  
EPS and dividend for our shareholder: The diluted EPS for the last 12 months 
came in at Rs. 64.09, which is up 10.8% YoY. The board has declared an interim 
dividend of Rs. 18 per share for the quarter. The record date is 28th of April 2025 
and the payment date of the same shall be 6th of May 2025. That brings our 12 
months payout to Rs. 60 per share, effectively distributing 93.5% of our net 
income.  
As CVK mentioned, I just wanted to take a moment to address some of the 
questions that have come up regarding the difference in our geographic 
revenue mix between our Investor Release (IR) and Annual Reports. There are 
two main reasons for this difference. First, the geographic revenue mix in IR only 
covers the Services business while the Annual Report disclosure is at the 
company level. Secondly, historically the IR disclosure was based on the 
location from where the relationship was managed for a particular account, 
whereas the annual accounts disclosure is based on the location of the billing 
entity.  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Starting Q1, we will align the IR disclosure with our Annual Report approach. For 
comparison purposes, this IR release includes the geographic revenue mix 
according to both approaches. Hopefully, this will address your queries.  
That's all from my side for now. And I would like to hand over the session to our 
moderator for a Q&A session. Thank you very much. Over to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Ravi Menon with Macquarie. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks for the opportunity, and congrats on good guidance for next year. I want 
to ask about your performance in North America this quarter. We have seen a 
decline of 128 million quarter-on-quarter, but when we look at the verticals, it 
doesn't really seem to be showing up as a sharp decline in the near time for BFSI. 
Telecom, I think if I have not mistaken, organically it has shown growth, we have 
seen some weakness in Life Sciences and in Manufacturing and Retail. But 
overall, can you talk a bit about what you are seeing in North America and there 
is also some material weakness compared to your expectations going in to the 
quarter?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, Ravi, thank you for your question. If you remember last quarter, we had 
called out that there was one large program which got completed in the Retail 
CPG segment. And we did call out that that will have an impact in Q4. And that 
impact is probably playing out in the US business. And even I called out the 
specific number during the last quarter. That's the only reason. Across the board 
we saw the quarter proceed as we had envisaged. There weren’t any major 
surprises during this three months.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you, CVK. And so the caution that you are making into your guidance, or 
assuming probably slight deterioration, that's something that you have not 
really seen yet, but you are thinking that it might happen, looking at one of the 
deal deferrals that you referred to in the press conference. Is that right?  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think that deal deferral was not directly related to the tariff. It was based 
on general environment. The client decided not to go forward on that. And we 
did not see any cancellation or any specific rundown during the last three 
months. And our guidance, the lower end, we believe the environment will 
deteriorate from where we are. And that's what the 2% represents. And obviously 
the midpoint also we assume that the environment will deteriorate, but it 
assumes that a couple of large deals, which were in the pipeline, we are likely to 
close in Q1. That’s the assumption for the midpoint. And at the higher end, we 
believe the environment could remain the same and we will do well in Q1 based 
on the pipeline and the deals which are expected to be closed.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you for the detailed explanation. One last question on the ER&D side. I 
mean, last year we had seen decline in ER&D. So, how is the environment looking 
for that segment?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, it's good. And we are very happy to report that our year-on-year booking in 
ER&D has grown 75%. Our joint go-to market across most verticals are delivering 
very good results. A lot of client relationships where we could significantly 
create a mindshare on our engineering capability. And we think it's going to be 
a good growth year for our ER&D Services purely based on what we have done 
and what we have seen. Obviously, the macro might have some impact, but as 
we see it now, we feel good about how ER&D will play out in FY26.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli with Kotak 
Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead.  
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Yes, hi, CVK. Congrats on the good numbers and a couple of questions. So, if 
you look at the general consensus of the economists, we are almost in a 
recessionary environment with median odds of US recession pegged at around 
50-60%. However, that kind of gloom is not reflecting in your guidance or the 
outlook shared by a couple of your competitors. So, what is driving this 
disconnect? Is this because of the fact that industry is now coming off to back-
to-back low growth years, and we might be at a stage where the business cycle 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
and easy comps, sort of put a floor on the extent of growth deterioration this 
time around?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I mean, obviously, so far we haven't seen any impact, but I mean, I think  we 
are all reasonably certain that the environment will deteriorate. And yes, as you 
are referring to the recession is the most likely outcome. And that's what is 
baked in a lower end of our guidance, which does not assume any meaningful 
growth from our exit. I think our forecast is also driven by the Q4 bookings and 
we have had a good booking and it will definitely convert into revenue and we 
have analyzed each of the deals. We believe it's very important for clients to 
continue and some of them may not really have an impact due to tariff. So we 
feel confident of the ramp up of the Q4 bookings. And it is one of the strongest 
bookings that we have had in the recent past.  
 
So, I think that's where we are. I guess it's very dependent on where you are in 
the business and what has been the performance on booking in the recent 
quarters and how your pipeline looks and things like that. I mean, 2% to 5% is still 
a very modest kind of guidance because we were used to much higher numbers 
in the past. So, I think we will see how it evolves. We have factored, as I have 
explained, the two, three scenarios which kind of advises our guidance.  
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
CVK, thanks for that color. So, at the bottom end of the band, just for clarity, 
when you say macro is assumed to deteriorate further, is this a scenario where 
the US may actually go ahead implementing the reciprocal tariffs announced 
on 2nd April after a 90-day pause?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
I mean, I am not trying to take a guess on how exactly this will play out. A general 
assumption that the discretionary spending environment will deteriorate. It 
could be due to various factors. I mean, obviously, what you are saying is 
possibly the first trigger. But I am not like specifically saying only if this happens, 
this will happen. Generally, due to various reasons, the discretionary spending 
could deteriorate. And, I mean, recession and all of that, so that's the 
assumption.  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure, sir. And when Ukraine war and Fed hiking cycle started in February - March 
2022, the most real-time indicator we had seen was deterioration in deal-
bookings by April or May months. So, how has been the deal-booking and 
pipeline discussions this time around in March and April months compared to 
December ‘24 or January ‘25 months? And are you seeing any similar pattern of 
deterioration in deal-bookings even now?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
It may be contrary to what everybody expects. 50% of our $3 billion booking 
happened in March. So, we did see a very good closure. There is a sense of 
urgency. As I said, one of the comments, is quite possible this environment 
might make people make decisions faster, especially on efficiency-led, AI-led 
and AI and efficiency-led opportunities. So, it could play out either ways. So, we 
don't know how it will really play out.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Pathak with Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Pathak: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. CVK, just a clarification on the upper end of 
guidance. So, as you said, right, I mean, if you end up closing the large deal and 
the demand environment remains the same, in that case, should we assume an 
upside kind of risk to this number? That's one. 
 
And the other question I had was slightly nuanced around the nature of demand 
this time. You did mention that discretionary spend will again be subdued. And 
if we again go into kind of cost takeout sort of scenario, do you think this time 
the cost takeout will be AI driven? And if yes, are organizations even ready to 
sort of scale AI enterprise wide, which means, should we kind of, you know, be 
expecting accelerated spend around data and cloud and stuff like that in which 
scenario again, what exactly is discretionary anymore, right? So, any color on 
that will be helpful because cloud and modernization ideally would be 
considered discretionary, but in the scenario that we are talking about, all of 
those spends might actually be fast-tracked. So, any perspective on that, that 
will be helpful. Thanks.  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Okay, right now, our guidance is 2% to 5% and as you clearly understood the 
assumptions for the upper end of the range. I mean, based on Q1 bookings or 
how the Q1 pans out, we will give you an update. Right now, 2% to 5% is our 
guidance. The nature of demand, see, today it's very difficult to think of a pure 
play cost optimization deal, which really means using global delivery and 
shifting labor and things like that. They are far and few of that nature.  
 
It's always led by some transformation, which is going to drive a reduced total 
cost of ownership over a longer period of time. And in this aspect, Generative AI 
is a huge positive trigger, like modernization of applications. They are not, I 
mean, obviously they are modernizing for many reasons, but one of the very 
important reasons is to simplify the landscape and reduce the cost of ongoing 
management of these platforms.  
 
So, I do believe there will be good modernization type of programs. Like in 
Engineering Services, there is obviously a lot of development work that 
happens. These are not just cost take out, but it's really creating higher capacity 
to innovate by leveraging a lower cost solution, right? And I think the large 
engineering, the mega engineering deal that we signed is really in this category. 
And we plan to ramp this up fairly quickly as we go through the first two 
quarters. Cost take-out in isolation does not exist. It's more modernization, 
transformation through AI, and then an outcome of that is what the efficiency 
benefits the clients get.  
Abhishek Pathak: 
Thanks, CVK. And just a very small follow-up. Do you think the cost pressures 
will kind of put a little bit of a break on the GCC expansion story? Do you think 
vendors now become, I mean, they again become the first go-to solution for 
clients in this scenario?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
It is very difficult to kind of respond to that. I mean, what you are saying is 
logically right, but I don't have a strong view on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Surendra with Citi. Please go 
ahead.  

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Surendra: 
Yes, good evening, everyone. CVK you made a point on higher wallet share in 
clients where you pass back AI-led efficiencies. So, just three points on that. 
Could you share, firstly, the level of deflation you are seeing for existing business 
in those situations? Secondly, what happens to your revenue run rate in 
absolute terms on an ongoing basis with the higher wallet share gains? What 
are the trends you have seen so far? And third, who are you getting this wallet 
share from? Thanks.  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so the level of deflation is something which is very dependent on what 
services are we delivering. If you are looking at software development, then I 
think the AI Force adoption is a journey. And if it is fully adopted, in fact, there 
are four clients who are looking at not just our portfolio of SDLC. But all the 
vendors in their ecosystem are expected to leverage the AI Force platform. So 
efficiency is a little broader.  
 
And in software development, we are looking like 20% to 25% when we are able 
to implement and the maturity picks up. And we have a number of recipes which 
helps drive maturity in the whole SDLC life cycle. In digital process operations, 
agentic solutions are very real. We believe there can be a significant reduction. 
And I mean, obviously we have a very modest book of business in DPO, but we 
are obviously going after a large installed base, both insourced and outsourced 
to drive this. There it can be anywhere between 20% to even 50%. And obviously 
this is not happening on day one. There is a roadmap, and it also requires clients 
to do a lot of things. So it's more of a joint journey, but with a clear vision and 
proof points on what can be achieved. The wallet share gained, in fact, most of 
the renewals that we have done. This quarter was also a very strong renewal 
quarter. There was incremental business from almost all the renewals that we 
signed. It was more than the deflationary impact. I wouldn't be able to call out 
anything more specific. And I hope this was able to address your question. 
Surendra Goyal: 
And the third part was who are you gaining this wallet share from? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
From all our friends in the market. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
That's what all our friends tell us, all your friends. And just one, sorry, go ahead. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Eventually that should reflect in the growth, right, Surendra? 
Surendra Goyal: 
No, no, fair enough. And just one last point, you shared the ACV YoY last quarter 
at 23%. Could you share the same data point for this quarter? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
The last quarter was unique because there were a lot of questions around our 
ability to meet the guidance. So we were sharing the ACV data point. We are not 
planning to kind of share the ACV metric on an ongoing basis, Surendra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Gaurav Rateria with Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the net new deal wins. 
Has there been any bunching up of decisions which led to significant increase 
in the deal win this quarter? Or is this something that you expect more as a 
regular phenomena based on the kind of pipeline that you're seeing? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I don't think there was a bunching up. I mean, these were deals which are in 
the pipeline, which have been cooked for many, some of them many quarters. 
They converted during the quarter. And I mean, as I said, our aspiration was to 
significantly increase our booking from the two billion kind of range that we 
have had for a long time, except a couple of quarters where we had some mega 
deals. And as I called out last time, our pipeline was near all-time high without a 
deal of whatever we delivered in the last year. So it was more well-spread, and 
this deal was just above our threshold of mega deals. So in spite of, even without 
the mega deal, we would have delivered a very strong booking in this quarter. 
And the pipeline is strong. We have good number of opportunities which we 
think will close in Q1 or H1. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Second question on, from a guidance point of view, what are you 
envisaging from a 1Q perspective, the usual seasonality that you see or do you 
think that will be covered up because of the very strong ramps from the mega 
deal that you talked about which is going to come in the next two quarters? 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Maybe Shiv, you can respond. 
Shiv Walia: 
So Gaurav, we do expect the Q1, it's going to be better than what it was last year, 
but we will have a usual seasonality again playing out. So that's what we expect 
in Q1. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
It wouldn't be like last year, last year was an outlier. We would revert back to the 
normal small seasonality that will be there in Q1. 
Shiv Walia: 
Basically, what we have signed that takes usual rhythm of ramping up, so it's 
going to take some time. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
And it's not like a people transfer type of opportunity and we need to ramp up 
and that will start like a couple of weeks from now, the ramp up. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Lastly, from AI perspective, you have been talking about the aspiration of 
getting to a higher revenue productivity or revenue per employee. Basically, that 
means for the same revenue, you would have a lower workforce to deliver the 
same. So this reduction would be more from an offshore perspective, more 
onsite perspective. I am just trying to understand that fundamentally, will that 
mean any change on the delivery model that we have? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think if you see this year FY'25, revenue grew in Services 4.8% and headcount 
declined roughly 2%. So that's the nonlinearity that we want to build on an 
ongoing basis. And we envisage this execution model to be less location 
agnostic as we kind of get to a mix of 50% people and 50% agentic resolutions. 
So that's a direction we will move. It's a journey and we have seen some good 
use cases. There are clients who were keen to adopt it. I think the location thing 
will become less important, at least for half of the work. That's the way it should 
evolve based on what I am seeing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vibhor Singhal with Nuvama 
Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. CVK, just wanted to get some color on the 
vertical distribution. What is the conversation that we are having? I think some 
of your peers have called out specific weaknesses in the Manufacturing and 
Retail verticals. Because here the companies are expected to be impacted more 
by tariffs if at all they come in at some point in time. Given that we had called 
out weaknesses in the auto segment, probably falls in the industry. What are we 
hearing in these verticals and do we also see these verticals to be at the brunt 
of the entire market also really to begin with and then maybe spillover to other 
verticals or is it anything different that you are seeing there in your conversation 
with clients? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So Vibhor, we did not see an impact in the last quarter, but we do see Retail and 
Manufacturing, including Auto to be impacted. But this impact is going to spill 
over to all the verticals very, very quickly. That is a sense we have based on just 
doing some analysis on how each customer is impacted and what will that 
impact mean to both upstream and downstream in their value chain. I think it's 
something which is going to be broad-based. It might show up in Retail and 
Manufacturing to start with, but it's only a quarter lag before it has an impact on 
other verticals. So this is just how we are foreseeing this to happen, though we 
did not have anything specifically in the last quarter. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. I think the conversations that you're having with clients, say the 
uncertainties that they're talking about, I mean, are we able to make out that is 
it like a kind of a temporary uncertainty that they are waiting for the final listing 
of the tariffs at the end of the 90-day period? Or do you believe they are in for 
a longer store and they're still not able to make up their mind about the tech 
spends and the way forward their business is going to be? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think from a discretionary spend, the little bit of thinking is to wait and watch 
because they don't have clarity on how this would play out. That's the way I think. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. But nothing on the talks of this being a temporary thing. We are just 
basically waiting and watching and whichever way it will happen. 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, that's right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal with HSBC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Hi, have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the quarter, was March weaker than 
Jan and Feb? Did you see any kind of weakness generally in business activity or 
in deal momentum? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So in fact, as I said, we had a large part of our bookings happen in March. 
Obviously, these were programs that we have been working on for a long time. 
So we didn't see anything specific reflective of the upcoming uncertainties that 
will impact this business except one large deal which was delayed or deferred 
or whatever not directly related to tariffs but due to the broader environment. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Okay. Secondly, the guidance in the beginning of the year was 3% to 5%. And I 
think on organic CC terms, you are just about closer to the lower end. So were 
there things during the year which happened unexpectedly or were you 
expecting this performance to be more closer to the lower end? 
Nitin Mohta: 
Yogesh, we had very clearly articulated in January, 50 basis points is what 
inorganic is. So if you look at even from the start of the year, we are above the 
midpoint of the guidance that we gave. So I hope that answers. I can discuss 
this more with you later. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
No, I get it. I think we were, I was adding the inorganic component from FY24, 
which was a spillover. So I get it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, please restrict yourself to two 
questions. Next question comes from the line of Sumeet Jain with CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, just wanted to understand what is the 
organic growth guidance for FY26 given that the HPE asset acquisition closed 
on 2nd December and in this quarter you had a significant increase in your 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
telecom vertical on the back of it. But there will be practically a nine-month 
impact or eight-month impact in next year of this acquisition. 
Shiv Walia: 
So, Sumeet, we expect an additional ~1% impact on our next year's guidance 
because of CTG acquisition. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. And secondly, in your ER&D side, I mean, we can see very strong growth 
in this quarter. And you also mentioned that order booking had a 75% growth in 
FY25. So can you just highlight what's happening in your ER&D business? 
Because generally, when we look at the automotive or the Manufacturing space, 
and ER&D is considered to be discretionary in nature. So what is the difference 
what you are seeing in your end markets? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think of course 75% increase in booking, a big part of the increase happened in 
Q4 because we had one large deal and then the Western Union was also, there 
is a significant digital engineering component. Now, of course the current 
growth is a lot influenced by the full quarter impact of CTG integration. I think 
what we are seeing is, I mean, this whole thing, platform engineering, 
modernization, that's one thing. The second one is there is existing work that's 
happening in some of the semiconductor and other firms. And obviously, to 
enhance capacity or really do more with less, they are looking at providers like 
us. And then it's more widespread as well. We had some success in telecom. We 
had some success in tech vertical. We also saw some success in a couple of 
Manufacturing clients on the PLM side. So these are some of the examples. I 
won't be able to give you a macro trend which drives this. 
Sumeet Jain: 
No, thanks, CVK. That's very clear. And lastly, on the GCC opportunity, I can see 
some of your deals mentioned are around setting up GCCs in India. So can you 
just highlight the kind of margins you are seeing in these deals? Are they very 
similar to the corporate average? And how do you see this ecosystem shaping 
up going forward? Is it a loss of opportunity for you, or is it sort of a new 
opportunity getting developed? 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So Sumeet, we have had very good success in GCCs in the last six months. A 
very large company out of Germany has chosen us to build their entire digital 
capability. And these are at company level profitability. And we are also working, 
we have enough opportunities in the pipeline where it's a GCC, which is pretty 
much starting from scratch for a large firm and we become the partner. And 
obviously they may insource a percentage of it and we have made sure that the 
long-term for us is very meaningful in these opportunities. So we are not really 
focused on, I mean, completely transitioning is not something which we are 
looking at. We should have a meaningful long-term value from these 
opportunities. 
Sumeet Jain: 
And maybe just a follow up to that, I mean, given that this insourcing can happen 
at any point in time from the GCC, does that reduce your annuity revenue 
visibility in the medium to long run from that particular client? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I don't think the constructs are insourcing anytime. That's not the construct that 
we are working on. So we have various models where it is meaningful at least 
three year or five year and a percentage that can get in source and things like 
that. Net-net, I think it is going to be a positive impact so far. Positive and when 
I say positive, we are constantly looking for is it long-term positive and the 
answer is yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashwin Mehta with Ambit 
Capital Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. CVK, one question in terms of your software 
business. This is 3.5% this year improved margins by around 200 bps. And 
looking at the guidance, it seems to be growing almost similar to what you think 
the Services business would grow at? So what is fundamentally changing in 
terms of your software business for it to start growing at par with Services and 
also improve margin? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I mean, the Services growth has come down, so software has become on par 
with this. And software has also accelerated, which means from broadly like 1% 

 
HCLTech 
 
April 22, 2025 
 
to 2%, now it is 3.5%. I think we have done tremendous amount of work in 
modernizing, repositioning our analyst ratings for a number of products where 
in the lower quadrant, now most of them are in leaders quadrant in most of the 
analyst reports. And we are also significantly expanding our software business 
in India, Middle East, and a lot of emerging markets where we see a strong 
demand for these products. And there are products like marketing automation 
where we are the best solution available for large scale customers. In fact, 
several banks in the emerging markets, our existing clients and we are enabling 
them, we are migrating the existing base to cloud. So number of things and all 
of this will create a good momentum in the long term. But obviously there is 
some headwind due to conversions to term and other things. We feel good. I 
think our strategy is working. Things are moving in the right direction and we will 
keep you updated on progress. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the 
end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and MD, for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you everyone for joining. In FY25, our business has remained resilient due 
to a portfolio which is an all-weather portfolio which will deliver in the upcycle, 
which will deliver in the downcycle and we are being cautiously optimistic about 
the road ahead. We are acutely cognizant of the upcoming macro impact on 
the client's IT spending, and we are being nimble to capture opportunities. I 
think it's a great time to find opportunities to help our customers and be their 
trusted partner. Thank you for your support. Thank you for joining and look 
forward to talking to you during the next quarterly call. Thank you and good 
evening, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HCLTech, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
