NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
NSE Symbol: ELGIEQUIP 
May 30, 2025 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 522074 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
Subject: Transcript of Q4 2024-25 Analyst/ Investor Concall held on May 29, 2025 
In furtherance to our earlier inƟmaƟon dated May 29, 2025 regarding the presentaƟon of Q4 
2024-25 Analyst/ Investor Concall and pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 read with Para A of Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 
(“LisƟng RegulaƟons”), please ﬁnd enclosed herewith the transcript of the Q4 2024-25 
earnings conference meet for the analysts/ investors held on Thursday, May 29, 2025, at10:00 
AM (IST) through MicrosoŌ Teams MeeƟng.  
The aforesaid informaƟon is also being made available on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://www.elgi.com/in/analyst-conferences/.  
The above is for your informaƟon and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
FOR ELGI EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
DEVIKA SATHYANARAYANA 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Encl.: as above 
DEVIKA 
SATHYANARAYA
NA
Digitally signed by DEVIKA 
SATHYANARAYANA 
Date: 2025.05.30 15:47:22 
+05'30'

Q4 2024-25 – INVESTOR MEET CALL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR. 
MODERATOR: MR. KAMLESH KOTAK – ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES LIMITED  
 
 
MODERATOR:  
Good morning, everyone on behalf of Asian Markets, we welcome you all to the Q4 and FY25 
earnings Conference Call of Elgi Equipments Limited. We have with us today, Mr. Jairam 
Varadaraj, director representing the company. I request Mr. Jairam to first take us through 
the. Overall financials for the quarter and for the year and the business updates to be followed 
by Q&A session. Over to you sir, Thank you. 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
Thank you very much, Kamlesh. Thank you. Asian Market Securities for hosting our Q4 call. 
It's always a pleasure for me to be with all of you and thank you very much for taking the time. 
To go through this presentation with me. As always, I will focus on the Q4 results and then 
give you a sense for how the business is and what the challenges are. Some sort of view of 
how we look at the next year and then we will have QA and session. Now. If I let me go through 
the next. So this is starting with the reconciliation of EBITDA. Considering the current 
operating ratios and cost structures. Considering that sales grew by almost 15%, our EBITDA 
should have been about 1724 million, against that we did about 1500 million. 
 
And the primary reason is increase in employee cost. And there was a significant increase in 
other expenses, some of it I will explain to you. Most of the increase in other expenses is one 
time in nature. So, we took one is the, you know the increase in variable cost which is not 
captured in our contribution where contribution is only. At a material cost level so close to 
about 25% is the increase in the variable cost associated with the increase in volume. We 
cleaned up some of our books in India in other parts of the world. We cleaned up some 
inventory and we cleaned up some receivables, not so much as a loss, but as a prudent 
accounting thing. So that is to the extent of about 8 crores, we did that, but this is not just for 
the quarters, for the whole year. Going forward, we'll try and first of all, I don't expect it to 
continue this way. Secondly of all we will do this on a quarterly basis so that there are no 
yearend shocks that we can see. 
 
So these are one time in nature that I don't see anything happening significantly. We have a 
CSR which we do depending on a given year normal as per loss, 2% of PAT. But actually we do 
4% of PBT in a given year depending on our project. A Project for educating very poor children 
has moved forward and it is progressing well. So as a consequence we are increasing our 
contribution this year towards that. So this is really the reason why the fourth quarter is not 
as it should have been, but as far as the fundamental ratios of the business are concerned, 
they're pretty sound. 
 

Moving forward, if you look at the revenue profile except Southeast Asia, all the other regions 
have grown for us at very, very levels. India has done very well. For us, North America is 
coming back. Our industrials is very strong. Our medical business is very strong. Distribution 
operations, which was most hit by the issue with our ERP as stabilized. And we look forward 
to a positive number there. Portables is a more a market structural thing. You know for three 
years there is a big growth and since the last couple of years there has been a significant 
almost a 30-40% drop in the market and we are feeling the effect of it and we expect this this 
portable to remain subdued in the current year as well. 
 
Europe is finished quite strongly in Q4, but I'll come back and talk about Europe. Australia is 
also coming back from you know, significant challenges post COVID. A few years after that, 
Middle-East has done well for us and Brazil has done well for us.  
 
Moving forward, if you look at our revenue highlight, we have grown 15% over the previous 
year in, Q4 of last year compared to Q4 of this year. So overall, I think it's been good and PBT 
growth has been also pretty strong considering the revenue growth. So our profitability ratios 
remain quite strong. 
 
The split between automotive and compressors remains pretty much the same. Automotive 
had a very strong year, but the compressor business also had a strong year. So the balance 
between the two remains. There's been a slight shift between India versus the rest of the 
world as far as compressors are concerned for the quarter, because India had a very strong 
fourth quarter and the corresponding increase was not there in the other parts of the world. 
So, there is a 2-3% shift, but I don't see this as a permanent thing. It'll come back. 
 
So this is our consolidated uh financials for Q4 as well As for the financial for the full year 
comparing it with the prior year. So overall we have done well, profitability could have been 
significantly higher, but for the one-time expenses that we have, we have voluntarily claimed 
certain expenses just as a prudent accounting the reported. Numbers are little lower than 
what we would have otherwise liked it to be. So overall, a good story. 
 
Our net cash position also has been quite strong. We've generating close to 97 to 98% of our 
Profit we are generating every quarter. We have put in very strong. Processes for receivables 
control that is beginning to show its impact. We have been working on a very large project to 
bring in better controls over the inventory worldwide and I expect to see good results coming 
out of it in the second and third quarter of this year so the cash position will continue to 
improve in the company. 
 
So, this is really what I wanted to say as far as the performance is concerned. Going forward, 
I think as a business, you know obviously the tariff is something that everyone keeps talking 
about. You know, we started off with 26%. Which is a pretty challenging number to manage 
it from a cost point of view. It's been reduced down temporarily to 10%. We don't know where 
it will finally land, but we have done some scenario at 10%. We have done some cost 
calculations. 

Some of the cost reduction initiatives that we started almost 2-3 years ago are bearing fruit 
now and that's going to help us, one of the biggest aspects of that cost reduction initiative is 
our motor plant. This financial year close to 85 to 90% of our motors globally will be 
manufactured by us and that's going to give us a significant advantage to be able to absorb 
the impact of the tariff without any compromise on profitability in the US market. Obviously, 
it's going to help us with profitability in the other markets, but I'm not talking about that so. 
You know, when we analyse what could all be the possibilities? Is where tariff could land. 
 
I think the best-case scenario would be 10%. The way we are reading it is the US government 
is not going to remove 10%, although for some countries they seem to have done. But 
assuming that's a best case 10%. And if we look at import of compressors from the US into 
India and that is. At currently about 16 and 1/2 percent. And assuming they are going to make 
it in the worst-case reciprocal to that same percentage in this range, we are pretty much ok 
with all the cost reduction initiatives we can sustain our current pricing and our profitability. 
 
So that's the good news. So, we are not too worried about the challenge on because of tariffs 
from our pricing point of view now. The rolling global impact economic impact of tariffs and 
the impact on other economies are going to be significant depending upon where it finally 
settles down. So Europe was already fragile. And it was recovering after the Ukraine war and 
all those issues, and we were beginning to grow slowly. We've all broke broken even last year. 
Now there is going to be a challenge in Europe and we don't know how it is going to be. So 
far, the indications continue to be positive, but we need to anticipate if US takes a very strong 
position on tariffs against EU that could be a big impact. So we'll have to wait and see. We've 
got some thoughts and initiatives that we have kicked off. We're not going to be able to see 
the results of those initiatives this year, but in the medium term, in the next couple of years, 
we should be able to Moderate for that impact if that we anticipate as a consequence of that. 
 
So overall, I think we are in good shape and we are hoping that India continues to maintain 
its story and the results. So we've got some exciting new products. The stabilizer has gone 
into the field. In terms of Pilot test machines, Multiple machines have been put very good 
results. 
 
Our machines for competing with the Chinese Imports are already working in the field and we 
are confident that by the third quarter both these products will be out in the market full-
fledged and our earlier initiative called Project Everest for increasing our share of the market 
is going very well. And we are beginning to see the result every quarter and we'll continue to 
expect that performance to continue. So, India will be assuming the economic Structure 
remains solid. We will have good growth in India and we are confident of that. US is going to 
come back because it really hit the bottom. So we're confident that it'll come back from the 
past. Europe is a question mark at the moment, it is still showing signs of positivity. Australia's 
coming back. 
 
So overall, I think we should have a good 25-26. So I will stop here and then I will wait for your 
questions to further clarify our performance and our future. Thank you very much. 

 
MODERATOR:  Sure. Thank you, Sir. Just as a mandatory announcement of participants, you 
may use your raise and option to be part of the Q&A Que. Also, participants who are on 
unclear line may use the Q&A or the chat option for to put your questions forward. I'll wait 
for a minute, Sir, before I, you know, take in the first couple of participants who have come 
in so that the queue can assemble. So the first question I have is from the line of Harshit.  
Harshit you may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL: Hi Sir. Thank you very much for the opportunity. The first question is on the 
US market. So could you explain how was FY25 for us in terms of profitability? Were, we able 
to break even in this market and given your 10% tariff as a base case, how will our profitability 
look like for FY26? 
 
MANAGEMENT:  So barring the one time clean-up cost that we had did on inventory and 
receivables, even in the US besides other parts of the world Harshit, the operations was 
actually profitable, right? So US has from a loss in the prior year has actually become 
profitable on a steady state basis now. For 26 the assuming, 10% tariff we have like I explained 
to you, we will be able to absorb that 10% without any impact on our profitability, because 
the savings that we have from our motor plant and a few other initiatives that we kicked off 
almost couple of years ago for cost reduction is more than enough to absorb it.  
 
And like I explained to you up to about 16%, which is the reciprocal tariff 
and assuming that us imposes the same reciprocal tariff and we're not able to arrive at any 
understanding, we should still be able to do it. But if they move to 26% like they originally did, 
then that could be we need to make a decision in terms of either increasing prices or finding 
other ways as we speak all our competitors. In US have already brought in the condition that 
there is going to be a surcharge for tariff not only the foreign companies, but also the local 
companies. So everyone is going to be impacted in some way or the other by the tariff.   
 
HARSHIT PATEL: Understood. And yes out of US, overall industrial compressor consumption, 
what is the share that they manufacture in US itself and what they procure from countries 
like China, India, maybe some amount from Europe, So could you give some flavour on that. 
So I'm just trying to assess how much is that import dependence and whether they will be 
able to manufacture more compressors in house or not.  
 
MANAGEMENT: So it's not should be looked at a compressor level harshit it should be looked 
at a component level, right. So even if you take a company like which has a factory in America, 
quite a few of their components are imported from all over the world, right. Whether it is 
India, whether it is China, whether it is the EU right. So in Ingersoll Rand in one of the in one 
of their calls has said that the estimated annual impact on because of tariffs is $150 million. 
So it's very difficult to make an estimate exactly how much of it by is going to impact which 
company, right. Almost every company has a significant import content in their 
manufacturing activity in the US. 
  

HARSHIT PATEL: Understood so that's what so just lastly only vacuum products front. So could 
you share the update for the last quarter? I think you had elaborated previously on our 
localization plan. Our sales team was in a build-up stage. We had already started receiving the 
orders. So where are we right now and how do you foresee FY26 to plan out in this business? 
 
MANAGEMENT: So the plan is progressing as per our schedule. We have the full sales team 
and service team is in place. A localization as is progressing well. We have almost all the 
products that we wanted to the parts have been developed that we wanted to localize. The 
parts have been developed. So we are progressing as per schedule there. Sales is, you know, 
we can't report, give you specific number for sales, but the growth has been good and really 
speaking you know in compared to the overall numbers of and the standalone basis, they're 
very, very significant. Insignificant so but. Moving well. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL: Perfect. Thank you very much for answering my questions and all the very 
best. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah, yeah. Thank you. 
 
MODERATOR:  Thank you, Harshit. Moving on, Sir, we have the next question coming from 
the line of Ravi. Ravi, you may unmute yourself and go ahead. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Hi Sir. Very good morning. Congrats on a good set of numbers. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you, Ravi. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: My first question is with respect to the standalone or the India 
business. In terms of outlook and demand across various sub segments, how does panning 
out last couple of calls, you had mentioned that there seems to have been some bit of dip in 
inquiry levels. Has there been a recovery in terms of inquiry. So your thoughts on how India 
business is likely to pan out. 
 
MANAGEMENT: So, Yes, I think I mentioned that inquiries are continuing, but the finalizations 
are getting delayed, yeah. That is, continuing inquiries are still healthy. There is no problem, 
but people are. There is a wait and watch approach. There are certain industries that are 
progressing well, like textiles for instance. They're coming out of a very, very bad couple of 
years. So there is overall positive impact. With or without tariffs, because there is an issue in 
Bangladesh, there is an issue in China. So there is a certain positivity there. So sectorally there 
is good stuff happening. But overall, I think there is no concern in India yet, but it’s early days 
to figure out what the tariff impact is going to be. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Yeah. So is there a possibility or is there a very high likelihood that the 
revenues can grow in double digit or it's like you would expect the entire India business to 
grow by like a high single digit kind of growth. 
 

MANAGEMENT: So assuming India remains whole economically and there is no impact of 
tariffs globally. I expect India to grow double digit, but I would probably say low to mid double 
digit. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Understood, Sir. And in terms of mix and profitability, how to think 
about it. So at a standalone level, we are at a end of a lifetime high of around 21% in terms of 
margins and the mix, if you see if you could do a broad contour, what is the mix in terms of 
Let's say the piston, compressors and the screw compressors and how is it likely to change 
after sales service. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. So I don't want to get into the specific breakup of products Ravi, that 
would be too competitively sensitive. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: OK. 
 
MANAGEMENT: But you know right now if you look at the profile of our India business, the 
shift in profitability is going to come from the mix between products and aftermarket. Right. 
The profitability shifts within products. Is not going to materially alter it. Maybe quarter on 
quarter kind of shift in variation, but if you shift in product mix stuff, but if you annualize it by 
and large, it is at a stable structure. So that real shift in the profit structure will come when 
the aftermarket starts moving up and that's one of our initiatives to really. Improve it, right 
and we will continue to work on it. And that's really the logic of this business. You know, the 
logic of this business is to sell machines so that you're able to get a steady stream of after 
market which is more profitable than selling just equipment. We are on track there, right. So 
you've seen that shift happening in India over the last probably 10 years. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Understood, Sir. Yeah. Thanks a lot. I'll come back.  
 
MODERATOR: Thank you, Ravi. Sir, the next question is from the line of Mr. Khush. You may 
unmute and go ahead with your question. 
 
MR. KHUSH: Yeah, I'm audible, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yes, sure. 
 
MR. KHUSH: Yeah. So just couple of questions. So one, it was more of the industry side. So I 
know that you know we're more on the air compressor side. So if you can elaborate something 
on the industry, for example, you know what kind of imports we are facing today in terms of 
percentage or quantities. And how are we placed for our India business. And who are 
competitors are, and do we see the shift of, you know, India sourcing more locally rather than 
imports, NEBIS regulations etc. So first question was on that. My second question was on a 
consolidated basis, what kind of revenue targets we are coming up with. What kind of revenue 
growth and sustainability margins on a consolidated. Say in the next three years. 
 

MANAGEMENT: Yeah. So Let me try and answer your first question in terms of import 
content. That is, you know where the, we are probably the only significant player that has the 
highest local content, right. So what we import to make our compressors is less than 8% of 
our total manufacturing, I mean our buying content right. So it's a very, very small part as far 
as our competitors are concerned, they also manufacture the significant ones. They also 
manufacture in or at least assemble in India. Their percentages are significantly higher than 
ours. Then there are the third category, which are fully finished machines. That are coming in 
primarily from China. We think that the size of that market is anywhere between 25 to 30% 
of in volume terms. If they sell primarily on the low end of a low kilowatt machines, not in the 
high kilowatt, now what we have done is basically you know our standard machines, the 
performance and cost points are significantly higher and we can't compete with these the 
cheap Machines coming in from China. So what we have done is developed a range of 
machines. Which are compatible in terms of performance with the Chinese machines, but 
quality is to our standard, right. So we have not compromised on our quality, but just looked 
at lower performance. So that's a segment that seems to be evolving all over the world and 
we want to be, we want to use India as a opportunity for us to respond to it. I think we have 
done a great job because initially, when we looked at the prices it looked almost impossible, 
but as we went deeper and more granular into understanding what exactly those machines 
were delivering, we were able to almost meet those price points.  
 
So we're quite optimistic about taking on a big share of that 30% where none of the players 
are really playing because it's the prices are ridiculous. So that's where we are. So in terms of 
giving you a guidance, I would not do that. I would wait for the next investor conference right 
now. Five years ago, we gave a guidance about our top line 450 million. And the EBITDA of 
16% and the return on cash capital employed of 30%. We will be able to achieve these 
numbers in 25-26, so that is really what I can give as a guidance now. Next investor call. I 
mean investor meet in February, we will renew our forecast for the next either three or five 
years. 
 
MR.KHUSH: Fine, thank you for the detail answer. Just one last question on the competitive 
landscape, moving wish to enter other segments apart from air compressor with one of our 
comps is into other segments too like refrigeration, gas etc. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. So, we have consciously stayed away from refrigeration and gas. We 
explored that opportunity many years ago, and it's not that there is no opportunity there. But 
we found that the opportunity in air is significant enough for us to focus on that and that's 
what we're doing. In terms of adjacencies, we've already launched our dryers, which is a 
pretty significant market. It's a great product that we have developed that's into the market. 
Already it's not only in India, but it's global. And we are expanding the range of our adjacencies 
by either looking at acquisition opportunities for specific adjacencies or in House 
development of these adjacencies, which is really what our growth path is going to be. 
 
MR.KHUSH: Right. Thank you. 
 

MODERATOR: So the next question we have is from the line of Manish. Manish, you may 
please go ahead with your question and unmute the MIC  
 
MANISH: Yeah. Thank you so much. I hope you're doing well. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Hi, Manish. I'm well, thank you. 
 
MANISH: Few questions. First on the guidance. So what probably we're looking at 10% growth 
on a consolidated basis.  
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
 
MANISH:  
So does it imply that international would probably grow single digits in the FY26. And also 
related question are on the margins front. That if India continues to do well and then we have 
guided for almost a percentage improvement in margins. We still don't see a significant 
improvement in international margins. This was the first set of questions. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Hmmm ok so, Yes. If you look at our numbers in 24-25 and the projected 
number that we had given five years ago, 450 million, that roughly converts to about 10% 
growth, you're right now. So, that is general direction Manish. In terms of the split between 
the two. I expect India to contribute a little bit more than the rest, but that's on a very 
conservative basis considering the current situation with the tariffs and especially Europe. So, 
as per our expectation, without all these concerns about tariffs, assuming the whole world 
comes back to a normalcy, we expect all the regions to grow. As much as India, you know in 
terms of double-digit growth. But this is a conservative view. As far as profitability is 
concerned, we will hit. We were already hitting close to 16% even this year manish. It is just 
that one-time expenses and clean up that we did that dropped out EBITDA. So what is going 
to happen is that is not going to get repeated. In next year. And therefore, we're quite 
confident that we'll be able to hit those numbers. 
 
MANISH: Sure. OK. No, Sir. I was probably looking more on the international side of the 
margin profitability improvement. So like we already achieving that even in Europe and in US 
as well and hopefully US should do well. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah 
 
MANISH: So probably I'm looking from a point of view that your guiding for a conservative 
sequential. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Rather that we are conservative under certain conditions of uncertainty, 
Manish. 

MANISH: Yeah. Yeah. OK and so on. How is the progress on the compilation order for Railways 
for Siemens and how is railway's business picking up and have you made any more 
breakthroughs in Metro Rail with probably references from supply to Siemens. 
 
MANAGEMENT: So the railway business that Siemens order that we won, we have supplied 
and you know our Prime Minister inaugurated the first locomotive. And if you actually see the 
video of that locomotive running on the tracks, you will see in the undercarriage of the 
locomotive. A device with a red band and that's an ELGI machine. That red band is our better 
band. That is there on all our machines. That's really our ELGI machine, so we have these have 
the machines have been validated, tested, gone through all kinds of high temperature, low 
temperature, vibration and everything. And now they're going into the field. So this is the 
start of the Siemens business. Overall, railways is a business. It's not a big contributor, but it 
is. It's something that we have always been strong. We have not had any big breakthroughs 
yet in the metro, but there are good, strong conversations that are going on with global OE’S 
because if we don't get homologated globally, it is very difficult to supply in the Indian metro 
market. So there are some strong conversations that are going on and with our experience 
developing the machine that we developed for, Siemens is an outstanding experience in 
terms of customer expectations and our ability to fulfil it. So we've learnt a lot from that and 
with that capability, we are quite confident that we can. Get into those relationship, but that's 
more a 5 year. Journey rather than you know, annual journey. 
 
MANISH: And how do we see the temper for the Siemens business execution. I believe 
recently in their analyst said that probably in couple of months they should be able to start 
commercial production. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Well. 
 
MANISH: Even they are going through homologation of their locomotive. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Correct. So I think we will see some movement of the business during the 
third and fourth quarter of this year. But I think next year we will see more of a significant you 
know improvement in the in that model of compressors and locomotives. But still, you know, 
we're still going through some, you know, uncertainties as to you know there are budget 
allocations and that's a function. So all that is there, you know. 
 
MANISH: Sure. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
 
MANISH: And on the motor side, you did mention that this year will be almost meeting 
internal requirements to the extent of 50 to 90%. So in terms of capacities, How are we 
positioned. 
 
 

MANAGEMENT: Yeah. Yeah, we started the investment in that a while ago, but unfortunately 
we were let down by the 1st supplier of the machine and then we switched to another 
supplier. Unfortunately, the supplier was from China and we got the equipment, but they 
couldn't come and install it because visas were not given for Chinese. So now that is opened 
up and the machines are getting installed. So we're quite confident. That we have the 
capacity. That's not an issue. 
 
MANISH: Thank you very much. And I'll get back. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you. 
 
MODERATOR: Thank you, Manish. Next question I have is from the line of Vipul. Vipul, you 
may unmute yourself and go ahead. Vipul. I think he has some technical issues, Sir, but 
probably what I'll do is I'll take a couple of questions from the chat window first. First question 
was around Siemens, which I think you've already answered. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
 
MODERATOR: The second question is, If you could point out the reason of why the why there 
was a higher growth in revenue and profitability in this quarter. And the second part of the 
question is also how the stabilizer product is doing. Have we received any revenues from it in 
Q4. Or is it still in early stages. 
 
MANAGEMENT: The see typically there is a hockey stick always in ELGI and in India in the last 
quarter. So that's one of the contributors for the increase in the in the revenue. The second 
is Europe did very strongly for us in the fourth quarter, so that is was a significant contribution. 
So and US also, by virtue of both the industrial and the medical business did very well in the 
fourth quarter. So it's a combination. It's not one particular thing. It's a multiple of things that 
contributed to the last quarter thing. That's always been a hockey stick there. Stabilizer, like I 
just explained, multiple machines are out in the field. I expect to see a full launch during the 
third quarter, and we will start to see some numbers. 
 
MODERATOR: That is what we have in the chat, Sir. The next question I'll take is from the line 
of Samyak Jain.  Samyak, You may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
SAMYAK JAIN: Good morning, Sir. Just one question from my side. We see that on a 
consolidated basis the cross margins are written 11 quarter low. So I understand that some 
part would be at can be attributed to the one time cost that you had, but if you could throw 
some light like what was the reason for the lower gross margin, that would be helpful. 

MANAGEMENT: So when you meet, when you are referring to gross margin at which profit 
level are you looking at Samyak.  
 
SAMYAK JAIN: The material margins reduce after reducing the raw material cost. 
 
MANAGEMENT: At material cost or contribution is actually good compared to the previous 
one, so I'm not able to connect with exactly your question. 
 
SAMYAK JAIN: Sir 49% in quarter four versus. 51% in the previous year. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
 
SAMYAK JAIN: And I'm taking all the raw material cost purchase of finished goods, etcetera 
to compute this cross margins. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. So some of the expenses that we have taken hit is inventory. And when 
you take it on inventory, it affects your material consumption, right. So it's only that otherwise 
business as usual, margins are quite constant and healthy. 
 
SAMYAK JAIN: Ok, It's just the one-time impact that has. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah, yeah 
 
SAMYAK JAIN: Got it, Sir. Thank you. 
 
MODERATOR: Thank you, Sir. We'll try the line of Vipul again. Vipul can you unmute yourself 
and go ahead with your question. Hi Vipul  
 
MANAGEMENT: I think it seems to have continuing to have that issue, yeah. 
 
MODERATOR: Yeah. So, we'll move ahead of it. one second. Not being able to see the queue. 
Yeah. Next question. We'll take it from the line of Prem Doshi. Prem, can you unmute yourself 
and go ahead with your question. Hi, Prem. Seems to be a problem again. 
So what I do is I'll take Ravi again. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yes. 
 
MODERATOR: Hi, Ravi. Can you unmute yourself and go ahead with your question? 

RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Yeah. Hi, Sir. Thanks for taking of this follow up question. So I am 
looking at kind of the numbers consol minus standalone and looking at the Subs number and 
taking it as a proxy for our international business.  
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: In terms of profitability? 
 
MANAGEMENT: Ravi. 
 
MODERATOR: Ravi. Ravi, you're you moved on mute again. Could you please unmute 
yourself? 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now am I audible? 
 
MODERATOR: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're audible. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: 
Yeah. So with respect to that international profitability, I mean it has been in that range of 6 
to 8% high single digit range and we have been, I think employ investing on employees, fixed 
costs, etcetera, across geographies. In terms of that, those investments which we have been 
doing across years. Is it likely to taper off in the next few years, which can start contributing 
to operating leverage for you from an international business angle, both in terms of head 
count and the associated infrastructure investments. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. So if you look at the profitability of the international business outside 
of India, the rest of the world business. You know what you're saying, What the arithmetic 
you're doing is correct. I mean, I mean, notionally correct, you're taking the console profit and 
mining the standalone profit and you're saying pretty much there is very little left. But the 
fact is there is a profit. In India, which isn't reflected in the standalone business on the sale 
from India to the subsidiaries, right. So that's one level of profit which is not readily visible, 
and it's not something that we would like to, you know, make a big disclosure on. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: OK. 
 
MANAGEMENT: OK. That's one part of it. But that's not a significant part. So if you look at, if 
you go back to the post COVID year and you look at Before our LN implementation, ERP 

implementation in the US. If you look at that arithmetic, the US contribution was pretty 
significant, you know. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: OK. 
 
MANAGEMENT: And there is no reason why you cannot come back to the same levels, right. 
So we are working on two things. One is to grow the top line. And towards that, we are 
focusing on only investing in revenue producing roles and we are trying to through shared 
services and offshoring some of the overhead processes. We are reducing the overheads in 
all these locations all over the world, so that's an ongoing exercise in the next couple of years, 
we will see some significant reduction in overheads by virtue of this process. So through a 
combination of both investing, I mean growing the business, investing in revenue, producing 
role offshoring some of the overheads that are there, we are structurally correcting some of 
these businesses so that we are able to, you know, eliminate costs and improve profitability. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN: Understood. Got it, Sir. Yeah, thanks 
 
MODERATOR: I'll take the next question from the chat room. Prem, whose mic wasn't 
working. So he's put up. So what is the guidance for the consolidated revenue growth. We are 
for FY26 both conservatively and aggressively. This FY we had a revenue growth of around 9% 
and Is there a better outlook going forward for the same. 
 
MANAGEMENT: So Prem, to answer your question, I think I answered it in the context of 
somebody else's question. We have given a guidance for 25-26 as part of our five year 
guidance that we did five years ago. We are quite confident that we will hit that that you 
know, I don't want to get into aggressive and conservative, but that's really our projection 
which is $450 million of top line revenue. 16% EBITDA and 30% return on capital employed. 
So we're confident that we will hit these numbers now we, yes, we have grown about 9 odd 
percent this year. Will next year be better than this. Again, I don't want to put anything on 
the ground because a lot of uncertainties at the moment with respect to the US tariff and its 
impact. Rippling impact on the various economies. Of the world, assuming it is, everything 
comes back to a steady state. Nothing negative, and India continues to be a good story. 
We should be able to do this. Minimum do this same growth as last year. 
 
MODERATOR: So the next follow up question from the chat is, does ELGI have any role to play 
in Indian defence manufacturing moving forward moving to India. And other products already 
there in offering or said to be introduced for the defence manufacturing industry. 
 

MANAGEMENT: No, we don't make anything that is directly related to defence, but we supply 
a lot of our compressors. In. For defence units in their maintenance. Plus, the joint venture, 
ELGI Sauer is a big supplier of compressors for submarines, aircraft carriers and destroyers. 
Frigates. We are one of the largest suppliers in through the joint venture. 
 
MODERATOR: Sir, I'll take it from the line of Mayank now. Mayank, you may unmute yourself 
and go ahead with your question. Mayank.  
 
MANAGEMENT: People seem to be having difficulty on muting and speaking. I don't know 
why. Mayank spoke earlier, did he not. 
 
MODERATOR: I think so. Sorry, did it was a follow up question Sir. 
 
MANAGEMENT: OK. 
 
MODERATOR: I'll take the next question again from the chat window 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. 
 
MODERATOR: Sir, How much of the revenue is after sales and will that run rate continue 
going forward or there is a chance of improvement after sales in maintenance contracts. 
 
MANAGEMENT: So there is a big difference in the after sales as a percentage in India versus 
the after sales percentage in the rest of the world primarily because. The after sale is a 
function of the installed base and the install base of machines is more in India and less in the 
rest of the world. So this is a progressive increase that happens in when you install machines, 
your aftermarket keeps growing. Now, having said that, in India our aftermarket would be 
close to, I don't have the numbers readily in front of me, but I'm making an intelligent guess. 
It's about 27-28% is on our revenue in India in the rest of the world, we are probably around 
13 to 14% right now in both these percentages have to keep improving as we progress 
through the life cycle of life of the of the. Operation, I mean I we get more and more machines 
installed then there is more and more aftermarket coming in. 
 
MODERATOR: Yes, so I'll try Vipul once one last time in case if he's able to do it.  Hi, Vipul can 
you unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. I don't think so. He's able to do that. 
So, so that was probably the last question on the line and then the chat window, yeah. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

KAMLESH: Hi, Jairam this is yeah, just one question from my side Jairam about Europe. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yes, yes. 
 
KAMLESH: Can you elaborate in terms of the strategy, how it is working. Are we on track to 
have a break, even achievement in this year FY25-26 and incremental cost that may come 
towards the ramp up that we had planned as per earlier strategic plan please. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Yeah. Yeah, sure, kamlesh. Now to answer your question. Except for some 
one-off things like our tax consulting that we had to do, we have broken even in Europe this 
year as we anticipated the like I said, the last quarter growth was quite strong in Europe 
 
MANAGEMENT: But the only caution here now is the Tariff other than that, we are not pretty 
strong wicket, right. But we are watching the situation very carefully. We are not going to 
invest anything more, right. What we are going to do is in response to any, if there is any 
challenges, we will look at cost structure changes, not in terms of you know this Willy nilly. 
reduction in cost, but structurally change the business to see how what is the appropriate 
structure for the new reality and then bring the cost down to that reality, right. 
So this is something that we are going to watch very carefully in the first quarter. 
 
MODERATOR: OK, great. OK. Thank you very much Sir. Any closing remarks you would want 
to make.  
 
MANAGEMENT: Nothing specific. I think overall we are in. Good, exciting times. Some 
uncertainties, but the company is on a stable platform and wicket we can continue to grow 
from here and we expect as the growth happens, we are quite confident that there are, there 
will be no surprises in terms of achieving the profitability that we that can come from. 
That growth, yeah. So again, I want to thank Kamalesh and his team and Asian market security 
for hosting and all of you. For participating in this call. Thank you very much. 
 
MODERATOR: Thank you, Sir. Thank you. 
 
MANAGEMENT: Thank you. 
 
