Date: June 03, 2025 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Symbol: PIGL 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543912 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of Financial Year ended 
on March 31, 2025. 
In furtherance to our Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated May 27, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held in connection with the Audited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the Fourth Quarter of financial year ended on March 31, 2025 held 
on Friday, May 30, 2025, is enclosed and is also available on the website of the Company. 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours truly,  
For, Power and Instrumentation (Gujarat)Limited 
_______________________________ 
Maunishkumar Gandhi 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
Mem. No. A48832 
MAUNISHKUMA
R SANATKUMAR 
GANDHI
Digitally signed by MAUNISHKUMAR SANATKUMAR 
GANDHI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=383430, 
l=Sabarkantha, st=Gujarat, street=Sabarkantha, 
Gujarat - 383430, 
2.5.4.20=8346d590c2bb71a66ad14047a9be3f836b
3bd87c3150f284a85d39973a81c47a, 
serialNumber=97ccf1935f3fb2738f7b6971287f13dd
3a763b3b5fe02fc01c6aa6c4a3b08cff, 
email=maunish.gandhi@yahoo.co.in, 
cn=MAUNISHKUMAR SANATKUMAR GANDHI 
Date: 2025.06.03 12:12:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PADMARAJ PILLAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
POWER & INSTRUMENTATION (GUJARAT) LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHIT MAHESHWARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – POWER & INSTRUMENTATION (GUJARAT) 
LIMITED  
 
MR. MAUNISH GANDHI – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
POWER & INSTRUMENTATION (GUJARAT) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. GANESH – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference call is recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ganesh from Kirin Advisors. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Ganesh: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to 
the conference call of Power and Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited. From the management 
team, we have Mr. Padmaraj Pillai, Managing Director; Mr. Rohit Maheshwari, CFO; and Mr. 
Maunish Gandhi, Company Secretary. 
With that, now I hand over the call to Mr. Padmaraj Pillai for the opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us. Thank you for joining us on this 
earnings call to discuss the performance of Power and Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited for the 
fourth quarter and the full year that ended 31st March 2025. It's my pleasure to walk you through 
our financial results, the operational achievements, and the strategic outlook. 
FY '25 has been a defining year for us, marked by expansion into new segments, successful 
execution of complex projects and alignment with natural priorities in energy, infrastructure, 
and sustainability. As many of you already know, PIGL has been the forefront of electrical EPC 
industry since its inception in 1975. This year, we proudly marked a significant milestone, 50 
years of excellence in delivering integrated power solutions. 
Over the past 5 decades, we have grown into a trusted and versatile engineering, procurement 
and construction company with a very strong portfolio spanning substations, power distribution 
systems, industrial electrification, transformer, and physical backups systems, etcetera, to name 
a few of the kind of work that we're doing. 
Our strength lies in our ability to execute complex turnkey projects with technical precision, 
consistent quality, and on-time delivery. Our proven track record has earned us the confidence 
of clients across government, public sector undertaking, infrastructure, airports, and industrial 
domains throughout the country. 
Over the years, we have steadily expanded our footprints across key regions, including 
Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Assam, and Maharashtra, strengthening our pan-India 
presence and project capabilities. As we enter into our next chapter following this 50-year 
milestone, we are committed to deepening our presence in the extra high-voltage segment and 
taking on large, more complex transmission assignments. Simultaneously, we are embracing 
advanced technology, enhancing operational efficiency, and upholding the highest standards of 
safety and sustainability. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
With a renewed focus on the talent development and strategic collaborations, Power and 
Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited is well positioned to build on its legacy and contribute 
meaningfully to India's dynamic power infrastructure landscape. We are operating at the time 
when India's energy landscape is undergoing rapid and historic transformation. 
India currently stands as the third largest producer and consumer of electricity globally with an 
installed capacity of over 466 gigawatts. With this significant achievement, demand continues 
to outpace supply due to rising urbanization, industrialization and increased per capita electricity 
consumption. 
Looking ahead, the sector presents a multi-decade investment opportunity. Over INR40 lakh 
crores is expected to be invested in power sector over the next 7 to 10 years, driven by the major 
trends, the clean energy transition that is India's target of achieving 500 gigawatts of renewable 
capacity by 2030 demands accelerated implementation of solar, wind and hybrid energy projects. 
Transmission network expansion, the government has unveiled INR9.15 lakh crore worth of 
initiatives to strengthen the national grid infrastructure and enable interstate energy evacuation, 
especially for renewable-rich states like Rajasthan and Karnataka. The thermal to renewable 
shift, the Ministry of Power has identified 81 thermal units to be retrofitted or replaced with 
renewable capacities by 2026, helping to ease the annual coal supply-demand mismatch. 
Supportive policy landscape, the Union Budget '25-'26 has allotted INR48,396 crores to the 
power sector with INR26,549 crores earmarked for the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, 
representing a 30% year-on-year growth. 
And finally, the infrastructure push. India's airport ecosystem is poised to attract more than 25 
billion by 2027 with over 15 terminal projects underway and a plan to expand the airport network 
to 220 facilities nationwide. We believe at PIGL that we are uniquely positioned to contribute 
meaningfully to this transformation given our capacity and capabilities in transmission, 
electrification, and now renewable energy also. 
During FY 2025, we took different steps to strengthen our business fundamentals, diversify into 
new verticals, and deepen our presence into the high-impact sector. We took its entry into the 
solar EPC contract in January 2025, we secured an order from A2 Green Energy Private Limited 
for 5-megawatt solar power plant in Latur, Maharashtra. 
This marked our formal entry into the solar EPC. Given the policy push and the robust demand 
for clean energy, this segment represents a significant new growth avenue for us. We are now 
building the internal capacity, both in engineering and project management to scale up in this 
space. 
We have forayed into the extra high-voltage project. We have taken a significant leap by entering 
400 kV segment, our first in the extra high-voltage domain. Until now, our experience was 
limited to 66 kV project. This marks a major upgrade in our technical bandwidth and opens door 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
to more complex high-value transmission infrastructure projects that are increasingly becoming 
norms across the country. 
Strengthening in airport electrification. We've received 2 prestigious orders from Nyati 
Engineering & Construction Private Limited, totalling to about INR46.18 crores for the electrical 
infrastructure work at Udaipur Air Terminal. This win reinforces our growth credibility in the 
airport electrification space, which we see as a long-term and high potential market. 
These achievements are not isolated events, represent a broader strategic pivot to higher value, 
future-ready segments of power and infrastructure value chain. We are pleased to set a very 
strong set of financial results for FY '25, underscoring the successful execution of our strategy 
and our focus on operational discipline. Our performance this year reflects our unwavering 
commitment to pursuing high-quality orders, driving execution excellence, and expanding into 
technically advanced verticals. 
FY '25 and quarter 4 FY '25, our standalone performance mirrors the consolidated results with 
FY '25 total income of INR171.28 crores, EBITDA at INR19.59 crores and a net profit of 
INR11.75 crores, up 99.58% year-on-year. The stand-alone EPS of FY '25 was INR7.8, a growth 
of 66.31%. In quarter 4 FY '25, our stand-alone income reached INR55.39 crores, with EBITDA 
at INR5.43 crores. Net profit rose by 16.3% to INR3.11 crores with a margin of 5.62% and EPS 
of INR1.96. 
Our consolidated total income stood at INR171.28 crores, registering a robust year-on-year 
growth of 73.21%. This growth has been underpinned by consistent execution across our 3 
projects. EBITDA grew by 58.42% to INR19.59 crores and with an EBITDA margin of 11.44%, 
highlighting our efficient cost and project management. The net profit surged by 99.44% to 
INR11.76 crores with an improved net profit margin of 6.87%, an increase of 19 basis points. 
Earnings per share also reflected the strong momentum, growing 66.17% year-on-year to 
INR7.81. 
The consolidated performance of quarter 4 financial year '25. During the fourth quarter, we 
reported a total income of INR55.39 crores, a growth of 47.25% over the same period last year. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR5.43 crores, a growth of 18.46% with margin of 9.81%. 
Net profit came in at INR2.81 crores, making a 5.03% year-on-year growth. EPS for quarter 4 
stood at INR1.76. 
These financial results validate our strategic direction and reinforce our confidence in the 
company's growth trajectory. As we move on to FY '26, our focus areas are clearly defined. 
Scale up the renewable energy sector. We are aggressively pursuing mid- to largescale solar and 
hybrid projects. Our entry in this segment is just a starting point. We are building a dedicated 
solar EPC unit to drive the scale and execution speed. 
Expand the HV capabilities. With our first 400 kV project underway, we are now targeting more 
high-voltage transmission assignments. The growing demand for robust grid infrastructure puts 
us in a strong position to lead in this space. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Strengthen R&D and digital tools. We are enhancing our internal capacities with better digital 
planning, resource tracking, project risk mitigation systems. R&D investments will help us stay 
ahead on both technology and execution efficiency. 
Geographic diversion, we are focused on expanding our footprint across high potential areas, 
particularly Eastern and the Northeastern India, where infrastructure activity is rising. 
Partnerships for value addition. We are building up strategic alliances with technology providers 
and OEMs to offer more comprehensive and competitive EPC solutions. 
FY '25 was a defining year for Power and Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited. We broke into new 
verticals, strengthened our execution capabilities, expanded into high-impact, high-value 
sectors. Our entry into the solar EPC and EHV domain makes -- marks a clear shift towards 
larger, more complex, and strategically aligned opportunities. As we complete 50 years of 
operation, we're not just celebrating a milestone, we are using it as a springboard to scale up 
further. 
We are committed to delivering on this front with speed, precision, and discipline. Power and 
Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited is ready to play a central role in India's evolving power sector, 
contributing real value where it matters the most. On behalf of the entire management team, I 
want to thank all our employees, clients, partners and shareholders for their continued support 
and trust. 
With that, I will leave the floor open for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. 
Agastya Dave: 
Congratulations on very good execution. Sir, I had one very simple question, which is -- I mean, 
the first question is a very simple one. The execution looks very good during this quarter and for 
the entire year, but the margins have come slightly below our previous year numbers. 
And also for the quarter, the margins are on the weaker side. So can you call out any particular 
reasons why this happened? And considering the entry into the new verticals that you just 
discussed at length, how do you see the margins panning out? Because I believe you were 
expecting better margins going ahead over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Absolutely, Mr. Agastya. First of all, let me just thank you for your kind words. The point is that 
as compared to the last year, this year, we've done much better. But if you're just speaking 
specifically about the last quarter, so basically, as I think even last time when you were there on 
one of the calls, I was explaining to somebody that our tenders are basically split into 2 portions, 
the supply, and the erection. They totally -- I mean, like they are 2 portions. 
Now in all, when you look at the margin, it's different. But when you split it up into supply and 
the erection part, it is different. So what happens is that in the last quarter, there was more of 
supply than erection that happened because of the year ending, because of the push from the 
manufacturer also to pick the product. So more of supply has come in. So when you see the same 
thing being executed, you will see the change in the margin. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Agastya Dave: 
So just a change in mix, but on a like-to-like basis, things are the same, right, as per your 
expectations? 
Padmaraj Pillai:   
Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. And we are right on track. 
Agastya Dave: 
You're right on track. Sir, how is the order flow looking like now? Because a lot of the companies 
in the sector are specifically calling out RDSS and all the excitement around it that the tenders 
are coming and the demand is very, very strong and the government focus is also there. Funding 
is on time. So are you seeing any further acceleration in your tenders? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
So basically, see, what is happening right now is that this is the distribution side. If you talk 
about RDSS, just the distribution side. This kind of activity in transmission is yet to come. I 
mean the tenders are being floated, but very few tenders have come in. Coming back to even if 
you talk about RDSS' part also, like we participated in Bihar, we have participated in Gujarat. 
We have participated in Jharkhand. We have participated in Rajasthan and the tenders are yet to 
be opened actually. 
And then plus, there is a new flux -- I mean there is a new influx of tenders already in line. 
Again, next week, there are about 14 tenders in Bihar. Again, next week, there are a couple of 
tenders in DGVCL. I mean that is Gujarat again. Rajasthan, the HAM model has been cancelled. 
So they are again coming out with the EPC model. 
So I mean the line of tenders is amazingly true. The only point is the -- what literally slightly 
bothers me, slightly bothers me is that the take of the other competitors or the peers that I talk 
about, I mean, who are just like trying to be aggressive because this time -- this is a time where 
you have to be calculated, very thoughtful about the kind of project that you want to execute and 
the kind of -- I mean, the margins that you want to decide because there's so much job happening 
everywhere. 
Agastya Dave: 
Right, right. But if there is enough work for everyone, I guess, things will pan out? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
There is enough work for everyone for, I think, almost next 1 decade, so I can be 100% assured. 
And by the time we finish, there will be so much of replacement job that will come in because 
all these solar and everything which was installed, let us say, I mean, the PPAs of INR16 and all 
have already come into existence of being replaced. 
So those -- and by the time you will be doing that, I mean, you will have exhausted what you 
are doing right now. So I mean this low, I don't think because with the kind of infrastructure 
development, with the kind of international exposure and with the kind of scenario. 
I mean the geo business scenario that we see right now with a lot of confidence that have been 
built in into India because of our prevailing values or the Indian way of working or whatever it 
has been. I mean, though we used to call ourselves slow, but somehow slow and steady has paid 
the price. So I think I'm looking at a beautiful next 2 decades -- 1 decade is just a small number. 
I think it's just going to keep on going. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Okay. Okay. That's good to know, sir. So on Slide #11, you have mentioned that ongoing works 
is INR400-plus crores. So should I take that as the unexecuted order book or the total order 
book? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
That's the total order book. I think the unexecuted order book would be as on date about close 
to INR300 crores. 
Agastya Dave: 
And the bid pipeline is now INR500 -- bidded tenders is now INR500 crores plus? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Almost, almost. 
Agastya Dave: 
INR100 crores than March end, I guess. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, Gujarat itself is, I think about INR250 crores, so we have bidden in Gujarat itself INR200-
odd crores, INR200 crores, INR250 crores -- INR200 crores add and about INR150 crores in 
Rajasthan. INR100-odd crores... 
Agastya Dave: 
Yes, yes. Sir, there is a line item in your balance sheet, other current assets. I don't have the 
schedules in front of me, so I can't -- I don't want to hazard a guess here. It's a INR27.48 crore 
number. So what constitutes this? And should we be taking this as part of the working capital? 
Or is there something else here, which is not part of the working capital? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
I would just hand this over to Rohit. Rohit, can you just answer, please? 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Sir, so the other current basically includes the advance for the paid to suppliers and the security 
deposits like we work for the government and the government deducts the retention amount from 
our contracts. So whatever amount to be released within 12 months has been classified into other 
current assets. And the third major bifurcation is advance, tax, other trade receivables, GST 
receivable cash, cash GST receivables being shown into other current assets. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, is there a tax, tax assets and non-tax assets? Do you have tax numbers? 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
So what I will do is I will send you the entire detail. I will send the reviews to Kirin Advisors, 
and they will forward it to you. 
Agastya Dave: 
Please do, sir. Otherwise we will have to wait for the Annual Report. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
No, no, no. I will send it. I will send it. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, last question from my side. In terms of execution for next year, do you expect whatever your 
previous targets were, you will match that at roughly the same level of growth, like 50% revenue 
growth. Given the order book, I mean, you have to execute this, right? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Absolutely. No other way, no other way. Absolutely, you have to execute it. And the government 
right now is a thing that they are not -- I mean if you tell them also that there is less of work 
available in this particular tender, they say no problem. You add the new people, you send to us, 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
we give you approval. They want every single penny that has been awarded to be exhausted. I 
mean that's very clear. 
Agastya Dave: 
And sir, next year, will we have a better mix of erection versus commissioning? Or will it be 
very similar to this year? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So we are trying to -- I mean, like grow on the EBITDA as well as the PAT side. Let's see how 
we turn out to be. I mean it all depends upon the nature of the order and what's the mix and 
match that we land up into. 
Agastya Dave: 
Right. Sir, were there any reclassifications in the inventory and receivables? Because the 
inventory number as a percentage of revenue has dropped, but the receivables have gone up. So 
receivable is kind of understandable, but the inventories are much lower. Is there a reason for 
that? Or have you like reclassified it somewhere else? 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
No, no, sir. It has not been reclassified. It has been shown as inventory last year, it was INR40 
crores, and it is something INR47.8 crores this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Sharma, who is an Investor. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
Sir, my question is, can you explain your strategy behind entering both solar EPC and EHV 
segment this year? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So EHV has always been there on the agenda. I mean it's been there on the agenda always 
because that's a premium sector where you have the larger players playing. So we were always 
interested in getting to that sector. So we were just looking for a break. I mean, like -- and what 
matters is in terms of EHV, what matters is the qualification. 
So the first step that we have taken towards it is that we've taken up a small little order, which 
will give us the credential to move on to the next level because our financials are supporting us, 
but credential-wise, we had experience up to 66. 
So to get into the larger project into the EHV segment, you need EHV experience. So that's the 
reason I think why we took up a small job, and we will be taking up multiple jobs and to make 
sure that like we are well placed in another -- maybe by this financial year-end, we will be in a 
position that we'll be bidding for a larger project in the EHV segment also. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
Okay. And what's the... 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
And the solar part. See solar is an evolving market. Things are happening. Execution is pretty 
fast. I mean the moment is there. And you see it as an ever-expanding industry as on date with -
- as I told you a little bit while before, with the older modules getting replaced, the replacement 
market is also coming up majorly. The technology evolving. 
So you see this is going to be more than a decade of game. So we just wanted to be a part of it 
and get a cut of the pie in that too. And anyways, I think last time also, I had highlighted this, 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
like you have solar companies who are doing solar, solar. And we are -- we were anyways the 
back end for them when we're doing the transmission part or the distribution part when we're 
helping out with the substation, everything. So like now we are able to provide a comprehensive 
solution. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
And what's the game plan to deepen your presence in the Eastern and Northeastern regions? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So basically, there's a lot of focus by the central government in terms of wanting to have the 
North and -- the East and the Northeaster segment to move up and in line with the West or the 
North. 
So coming into that, there's so much of tenders and everything and being a little off-site terrain, 
the people also -- the kind of mental strength that you require to work in that area is a little 
different from working in the easier terrain. So the competition is also a little lesser. So we're 
trying to focus that if we can build up something there and be there for some time, we can make 
some good revenue for the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhanraj Tolani, an Individual Investor. 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
I have a couple of questions with me. So I'll start with the first. 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Can I get your name, please? I'm so sorry because you were not audible at that time. 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Dhanraj Tolani. 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Okay. Yes, Mr. Dhanraj. 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
So what kind of growth potential do you see in the airport electrification space? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I mean if you look at it right now, if you look at it, there are almost major 11 or 12 airports that 
have been very recently floated and awarded about 6, 8 months back. Out of that, one was 
Udaipur, which we've already bagged. The second one is Hisar, we are already in very 
discussions and -- which is like -- I mean it's -- we've already put in our papers and credentials 
and everything for this thing. 
Apart from that, Agra is there, Jammu is there. And coming time, like the aviation industry looks 
absolutely full throttle because the kind of momentum that is happening in this country due to 
infrastructure development, international players coming into this country, small site 
development that is going on, industrialization, all these things are just adding up. 
I mean the smaller airports, if you look at it, I mean, like I would just name a few of them have 
become operational. You have an airport in Ajmer, which has become operational. You have 
Ratnagiri coming up. You have I mean, in Maharashtra itself, there are about 7 airports, coming 
up in the smaller segment also. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
So interstate, intercity connectivity, everything is improving. Gondia Airport was made almost 
about 4 years, 5 years back. I mean, like there was no flight connection, nothing. But from last 
year, again, last year, FY '25, they have already started the connectivity. There are almost 3 
flights operating, similar is the line with Ajmer, which was lying shut down, they've started it 
again. Similar is the case with Kanpur. Kanpur has gone for a re-vamp completely. 
So the regional connectivity has become very important. So we see a lot of potential and a lot of 
growth coming up. I mean, in fact, you'll see a lot of changes also coming up in the airlines 
policies also. 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
I mean in first 400 kV project, so what have been the key technical learnings and achievements 
so far? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So we're just doing it. We're just doing it. It's yet to be completed. I complete and then I would 
answer this question because right now, the learning process is on. So it is not very -- it is actually 
a little -- I mean, yes, definitely, it is highly technical as compared to the lower voltages. But 
then like it's in line with what we've been doing. It's only the voltage level that goes higher and 
the equipment get a little more trickier. And then the voltage drops and everything that will be 
taken care of because the multiplication factor is the volume is so -- I mean, the kV is so high, 
so if there is a 1% variation, here there is 7% variation, it is almost equal. 
So you have to be very precise, you'll be very careful. So it's a lot of learning that's happening. 
So probably at the end of the project, we'll be able to tell you better. 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Okay. Also, are there any upcoming bids or tenders in the solar EPC space where we are actively 
participating? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, we are looking at it, and there are a couple of tenders in line. So we're just waiting for that. 
In fact, a larger volume of tenders want to come out in Rajasthan, which has just been put on 
hold. So maybe probably we would see them in the quarter 2 or something. So there are a lot of 
things happening. 
A lot of PSUs have been asked to pump in that money into the solar. I mean, like -- so the looks 
and goods of it really seems to be happening. That's why I said, I mean when Agastya asked me, 
I told him the same thing. I mean that was the reason why we're taking up solar seriously. 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
What revenue contribution we expect from the renewable project in FY '26 and beyond? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I can't say the numbers actually because they have to come in. I mean, like whatever has to come 
in, the tenders have to come and then we know we get it, what is the timeline because, again, 
availability of land and the execution. I mean, so it is not that we can say that, okay, we'll be 
giving at least 20%, we would be constant at -- See, it's a mixed bag of things that we're doing. 
So if we are getting something even better than solar, I mean, like -- then why solar? I mean we 
can do something better. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
So there's a lot of things that's happening. There are a lot of changes, a lot of current requirements 
in the market. So it all depends upon what kind of tenders. We're bidding tenders and let's see 
how we are able to place ourselves. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, this INR46 crore order from Nyati Engineering for Udaipur Air Terminal is a big winner. 
So if you could just walk me through the scope of work and what makes this project significant 
for PIGL? It'll be really helpful. 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Mohit, right? I'm talking to you, right, Mohit? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, sir. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Mohit, see, the scope of work is that we're doing everything in electrical as far as the Udaipur 
Airport is concerned. So starting from the receiving of the 33 kV power to the complete 
electrification of the building, including the light fixtures, the lighting that you see, the facade 
that you see, and everything is in our scope. 
 
So this is probably the first completely integrated electrical project that we've taken up, which 
marks us to move forward into the next level of airports or next level of execution credential that 
we'll be getting at the completion of this because earlier, what used to happen is that we were 
doing isolated probably substations or we were doing project which was isolated electrification, 
internal building or something like that. 
 
But this is like one project which has everything in electrical to do, starting from, as I told you, 
from the internal electrification to the light fixtures to the external electrification to the 
substation, everything built into one contract. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Okay. And sir, are there any new technologies or approaches being used here? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes. Obviously, as the time has changed, like, let's say, earlier, the lighting used to be very 
simple lighting. Right now, they're going into DALI. They're going to light management system, 
then there's energy management system that comes into picture. I mean there is a part of it -- 
there is some solar power that is there. There are the EV chargers, which have been placed in 
the airport. The car park has been converted into a solar area. 
So there are a lot of new things that they've used. I mean, like a lot of things that has been done, 
like the latest NEC has been taken care of. We're going for GRIHA V rating. So I mean, with all 
that put together, yes, definitely, there are a lot of changes from the conventional airport to this 
particular airport and all the upcoming airports. I mean they're looking at making into the same 
international level as what you will see. 
By the way, I don't know how many people are aware of this or not, but India boasts about 
having one of the finest airport infrastructures as on date in the last decade, what we've created 
in India as compared to if you go abroad, except for a few airports like Changi or maybe the 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Dubai Airport, we're almost challenging all the airports, including airports in U.S. and airports 
in Britain. 
So I think with coming times, I mean, like -- so that's what the government thing is. The 
government is saying that, okay, whatever we are doing, we have to be futuristic. So there's a lot 
of emphasis on that. So whatever is the latest has been used. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, what percentage of your current order book is made up of airport-related projects? And how 
do you see this segment contributing to revenues over the next 2, 3 years? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So as on date, if I talk about the non-executed order right now out of, let's say, about 18% to 
20% are from the airport. And I think with the growing -- with the kind of growth that is 
happening in this sector, we do expect it to contribute either the same amount or a little more in 
upcoming time. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Okay. Sir, the last question I have is given the tight timelines and mission-critical nature of 
airport infrastructure, how are you managing execution risk, especially for power backup 
systems and safety critical electrical work? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
You will have to reframe the question. I couldn't get you, please. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So my question is, given the tight timelines and mission-critical nature of this airport 
infrastructure, how are you managing execution risk, especially for power backup systems and 
safety-critical electrical works? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So basically, see, the point is any utility, so that is basically the substation where the power 
comes and then it gets distributed. So that has anyways been our core competency. It has anyway 
been our core competency because it almost contributes, if you look at it from the angle of the 
other jobs that we are doing also, I mean, substations contribute almost like 50% of the total 
project cost. 
 
So we are anyways -- we have been with that line of thing. Additionally, as you're talking about, 
yes, there are rigid timelines to be followed because these airports have to be operational by 
2026 March or April, if I'm not wrong, considering Udaipur in picture. Hisar has to be done by, 
I think, probably somewhere around November or September 2026. So all these projects are 
going to be critical in nature. 
 
But no, we have our own team. We have our own expertise. We've been with this department 
from 1988 when the department was formed. I mean the first project that the department came 
out with was Ahmedabad International Airport, which was done by us. So it was basically -- 
we've been with them for last so many years. We know what they want. We know what is the 
criticality. We have the team; we have the expertise available in-house. 
I mean probably I can just sit here, close my eyes, and just give me an airport layout, and I can 
tell you what is to be put where and where, how is to be done. So I think that contributes to a lot 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
of it. And the people that are on board with me are all -- have been with me for last more than a 
decade, two decades, I mean people with that kind of experience. So I don't see any problem. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajendra Yadav, an individual investor. 
Rajendra Yadav: 
So I have just 2 or 3 questions. Can I? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Yes, please. 
Rajendra Yadav: 
Yes. The first one is how does the company monitor or manage execution risk in a logistically 
challenged location? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Okay. So basically, see at all the places where we are working, we have a centralized store 
actually from where the entire material has moved actually. So -- and the material has only 
moved when it is required. I mean -- and in electrical, the criticality is that -criticality is to ship 
the material when it is required, first and foremost. 
 
And then once it reaches and specifically in areas where you call it logistically a little difficult, 
I mean, you need to charge that immediately because if you leave them open or something, there 
are very big chances of, as you rightly must have thought about it, theft and everything 
happening. 
So what we do is to stop this pilferage or to stop this thing, what we make sure is that we only 
erect the components that cannot be moved by anybody. And when we erect the component, 
which can easily stolen or then we make sure that the moment it has been -like, for example, if 
you're making a line and once we complete the -- we make sure that like the poles have been 
installed first or the towers have been installed first. 
And once the towers have been installed, that cannot be moved by anybody. And once we start 
doing the stringing means we monitor that. We don't take more than like 4, 5 days, 7 days, 10 
days to complete the stringing. And then what we do is we line charge it with a dead wire. So 
basically, once it becomes live when it becomes live, then you are relaxed. You don't have to 
worry about it. 
So we mitigate it by that means. And the store basically, which we have centralized everywhere, 
we have an in-house monitoring system, I mean, wherein the stock is visible as the movement 
is tracked sitting in the head office. So that's where we are very comfortable. 
Rajendra Yadav: 
Okay. And the second one is, so how will Peaton Electrical contribute meaningfully to revenue 
in FY '26? Or will it take time to scale or not? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Okay. So answering part 1, part 2, the first part is what will it contribute? So I'm very sure that 
we're going to contribute -- I mean it will contribute significantly as -- I mean, in compared to 
the performance it had last year to the new FY that we've just opened up. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
And coming back to the part 2 of the question, I would say that it is in the way of scaling itself 
up. I mean -- and I think that's going to take a little while because I think I've discussed this 
before also some things we are -- we put in our sweating this thing into some kind of research 
and development, which is still going on, and we are at the very last phase of it. So it goes into 
testing. So probably that takes another 6 months and then the launch and everything. 
Probably we look at the scale happening. But yes, definitely compared to last year, without those 
new products also, it's going to be a very good year for Peaton also. 
Rajendra Yadav: 
Okay. And with INR500 crores of tenders, which we already bid, so what's your hit rate or 
expected conversion rate for these bids? 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Pardon me, I forgot your name. 
Rajendra Yadav: 
Rajendra. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, Rajendra, the point is, I think I have been answering the single question in every single 
meeting, and I've been saying one thing that in case of tendering, basically, there's nothing called 
a hit ratio basically. It is you quote by your own strategy, you quote by your own best means, 
and you quote by the PAT or by the revenue that you want for the company, I mean, in terms of 
the profit that you're going to get. 
 
And I mean, it would all depend upon like the moving of the market. So it is never because there 
may be somebody who's desperate and does not have a job in hand and would want to just take 
it at maybe 5% lesser than you, 6% lesser than you. So it all depends upon the timing when it is 
being done. 
And the other part of it is essentially, when it comes to the areas where you're already working, 
there it becomes very -- it becomes -I mean, like you're almost sure because you have the entire 
infrastructure set up right at that moment. So there's a lot of -- the working margin that you can 
reduce and you can get special pricing. So like, for example, one of the tenders in Rajasthan, I'm 
very sure that we'll get it. I mean we are very 100% sure that we'll get it. So it's because 
strategically, we have been there at that place for a couple of years, and we know how it works. 
But when you open up new avenues, you have to give it as things. So there's nothing called a hit 
ratio actually. It all depends upon the market scenario, people who are quoting and all those 
things. So there's nothing called a perfect hit ratio. I can't say that for every 10 tenders that we 
go, we get two because there are months where we get three and then there are six months where 
we get none. So it all depends upon like, okay, what is it, which kind of job is it? Are you very 
-- want to -- like to for it. So it's like... 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahek Palan, who is an individual investor. 
Mahek Palan: 
So do you see business opportunities from recent clients like Nyati Engineering and A2 Green 
Energy? 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Absolutely. See, what happens is when you are -- when you get associated to somebody, you 
give them a good job, then you do expect a lot of return coming up. I mean, like, in fact, if I'm 
talking about Nyati, they definitely have been discussing a couple of other tenders that they've 
been quoted. 
 
So let's see if they are there and they are comfortable, we'll definitely be there with them. And 
then the other side of it, sometimes you take up a job and like both ways, you're not very 
comfortable with the clients working and you just want to not continue working with them. So 
it's like -- it works both ways. 
Mahek Palan: 
Okay. Are there any plans to expand internationally, especially in neighbouring countries or 
regions with high infrastructure like Middle East or Africa? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Ma'am, the point right now, Mehek, I would just put it this way that right now, I mean, there is 
so much of opportunity available domestically, except and unless the margins are extraordinarily 
great. I mean it would not make sense for anybody to try and move international. It's not that 
we're giving up on the thought of it. In fact, we have been discussing a couple of tenders in last 
month or so. 
But then as I told you, it all depends upon like what is the kind of margins that you're getting? I 
mean, you're getting good margins because working in your domestic area and then working 
abroad, there's a lot of things that change. The change is basically the financial part. The work 
is the same, everything is the same. The people have been moved from here and everything is 
there. But then the margins are very different as compared to what you need to quote because 
expenses are very high. 
So it's both ways to it. We are not saying no to the open area. But on the other side of it, yes, 
there's so much of domestic such that I don't think people have time to move. 
Mahek Palan: 
So how are we preparing for the evolving needs of digital infrastructure and smart grid 
technology? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Absolutely because we already -- we've been already doing work of BMS, SCADA and we've 
been already like the subsidies that we do, we already put them on SCADA with times coming 
up, like example, smart metering and everything. I mean, like, for example, the airport right 
now, we're doing in Udaipur. 
 
So in Udaipur, right now earlier, it used to be only simple meters that are being installed. But 
now all the retail outlets will have smart metering. They will all be prepaid. You pay and you 
use. So we are there. We are already there. We're doing SCADA, we're doing this. So we're just 
looking at an opportunity, something that comes up, definitely, why not? 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ganesh for closing comments. 

 
 
Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Ganesh: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Power and Instrumentation 
(Gujarat) 
Limited. 
If 
you 
have 
any 
further 
queries, 
you 
can 
write 
us 
at 
research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you, everyone, for joining the conference. 
Padmaraj Pillai:  
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for being there. Thank you for trusting us. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Power and Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
