 
 
 
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene   
and Health Care Limited 
CIN: L24239MH1964PLC012971 
Registered Office: 
P&G Plaza 
Cardinal Gracias Road, Chakala 
Andheri (E), Mumbai 400 099 
Tel: (91-22) 6958 6000   
Fax: (91-22) 6958 7337 
Website: in.pg.com 
 
 
 
June 12,2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
     To, 
The Corporate Relations Department  
     The Listing Department 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
 
     The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
     Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
      
     Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: PGHH/500459 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Analysts/Institutional Investors – outcome –recording and transcript 
 
This has reference to the virtual connect with analysts/ institutional investors held today, 
Thursday, June 12,2025 at 1:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, a link to the recording of the meeting is made available on the website of the Company at: 
https://in.pg.com/india-investors/pghh/shareholder-info/info/#meetings 
 
Further, enclosed below is the transcript of the above meeting with analysts/ institutional 
investors, copy of the same is also made available on the website of the Company. 
This is for your record and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited 
 
 
  
Flavia Machado 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FLAVIA 
PETER 
MACHADO
Digitally signed by FLAVIA 
PETER MACHADO 
Date: 2025.06.12 17:58:05 
+05'30'

Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited 
Investors & Analysts’ Call 
June 12, 2025 
Start Time: 1:00 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. V. Kumar, Managing Director 
Ms. Mrinalini Srinivasan, Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
Ms. Flavia Machado, Moderator, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Ms. Flavia Machado:  
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health Care 
Ltd.’s Investors and Analysts Call. 
Thank you for joining us today. Today we will begin with presentation by the management of 
the company on the company's performance, results, strategies, and business outlook. 
We have received questions submitted by the participants at the time of registration of the 
call. The management will address the questions received after the presentation. 
Let me introduce our presenters for today. We have on the call, Mr. V. Kumar, Managing 
Director of the Company and Ms. Mrinalini Srinivasan, Chief Financial Oﬃcer. 
All participants are placed on mute and can participate in the Listen only mode. 
Please note that during the course of the call, the presentation and information shared by 
the management may include forward looking statements. This may include words, phrases, 
numbers that set forth anticipated results based on management’s current plans and 
assumptions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and 
assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to diﬀer 
materially from those expressed or implied in those statements. The Company cautions 
investors that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and that actual events or results may diﬀer materially from those statements. 
Actual events or results may diﬀer materially because of factors that aﬀect international 
businesses and global economic conditions, as well as matters speciﬁc to the Company and 
the markets it serves. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent 
required by law. 
With that, I now handover to V Kumar, for the management presentation.  
 
Mr. V. Kumar: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. It is our pleasure to interact 
with all of you. Today, I shall take you through the work that we have been leading at 
Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd., and what we have accomplished in the 
last ﬁscal year. 
 
Let me start by taking you through our ﬁscal results for the year. 
 
The year witnessed a continued challenging operating and macroeconomic environment, 
where we delivered balanced growth. Eﬀective this year, the Company has changed its 
Financial Year from July 1 – June 30, to April 1 – March 31. Accordingly, the current Financial 
Year of the Company ended on March 31, 2025, covering a period of 9 months from July 1, 
2024, to March 31, 2025 . For the 9-month ﬁscal year ended March 31, 2025, we reported 
sales of Rs 3374 crore, up 3% versus the comparable 9-month period last year. Proﬁt after tax 
was Rs 636 crores, up 7% versus the comparable period last year.  

 
These results have been driven by the execution of our Integrated Growth Strategy. Portfolio, 
superiority, productivity, constructive disruption, and an empowered, agile and accountable 
organization - all in service of our consumers, customers, employees, society, and our 
shareowners. 
 
These strategic choices reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow 
markets – creating business – which, in turn, grows our share, sales, household penetration 
and proﬁt. Importantly, this strategy is inherently dynamic. It adapts to the changing needs 
of stakeholders. It demands that we not sit still. 
 
Let me take you through some highlights of how we bring this strategy to life. I would like to 
start by sharing more on the focused portfolio of daily -use products for the 2 categories we 
operate in - Feminine Care and Personal Healthcare. For both, we are committed to delivering 
superior products and delighting our consumers with oﬀerings at multiple price tiers. We 
certainly believe that in these categories - performance plays a signiﬁcant role in brand 
choice, and thus our focus remains on oﬀering irresistible superiority to our consumers. 
 
Feminine Care is, unsurprisingly, a very high-involvement, high-engagement category. Our 
endeavor is to serve our consumers with products that oﬀer them superior beneﬁts, helping 
improve their lives. In turn, the consumers reinforce their trust in the brand, which truly 
makes Whisper – a market leader.  
 
Since the beginning, but more so in the past couple of quarters, we have brought in 
propositions that upgrade loved products to raise the bar on consumer delight– across the 
range and the sizes. For example – the Whisper Choice or the Whisper Ultra portfolio. Along 
with this, we continue to strengthen our portfolio with new introductions and expansions, 
like Whisper Period Panties. I will share more about these as we go along. 
 
We have continued to invest in and build the feminine hygiene category with this robust 
portfolio. In fact, Feminine care category in India has grown 100 times in the over the last 30 
years. 
 
Our personal healthcare portfolio is designed with a consumer-ﬁrst approach, oﬀering a 
diverse range of products that address various needs, from single and multiple symptoms to 
customized solutions in various forms. Our trusted Vicks brand exempliﬁes this commitment 
of care, providing innovative options such as the all-new and improved Vicks Double Power 
drops, powerful Vicks Vaporub with new fragrance cues, and new introductions like the Vicks 
Cough Syrup which you might have seen on your preferred e-commerce platform. We remain 
dedicated to understanding our consumers’ needs and delivering solutions that delight them. 
 
Our next strategy element is our ongoing commitment to - and investment in - irresistible 
superiority.  THIS is how we delight our consumers!  
 

Our strategic choice of superiority is reﬂected through innovation across the ﬁve vectors of 
product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value – holistically deﬁned. No 
one vector of superiority can carry the day by itself. It's all ﬁve working together.  
 
Superior performing products in superior packages provide noticeably better beneﬁts to 
consumers. They become aware of and learn about these products through superior brand 
communications. This comes to life in stores and online with superior retail execution and 
delivers superior consumer value at a price that is considered worth it across each price tier 
where we compete.  
   
We look at superiority as a never-ending challenge and opportunity and we invest to raising 
the bar on our superiority standards in response to consumer needs and changes in our 
industry. 
 
Our innovation history is one of the stronger bundles in recent times. We remain invested in 
developing innovation in each of our categories, and across our portfolios, to attract new 
users and help them more eﬀectively tackle current and new jobs to be done.  
 
Superiority also demands investment in our capabilities in response to consumer needs and 
changes in our industry. Let’s take a look at what we are doing to build capabilities in the said 
vectors of superiority. 
 
Vicks has been a trusted source of relief for cough, cold, and ﬂu symptoms for generations of 
Indians and it continues to provide comfort and promote restful sleep for both adults and 
children by alleviating cough and cold symptoms.  
 
We know, that parents rely on Vicks VapoRub as their go-to solution to ease their children’s 
discomfort during cough and cold, ensuring they can sleep peacefully at night. To enhance 
this beloved product, we've upgraded the formulation with a “New Powerful Scent,” further 
delighting our consumers and reinforcing our commitment to their needs. 
 
To consistently delight our consumers while addressing their evolving needs, we have 
upgraded our range of Period Panty—a truly one-of-a-kind product. Designed to provide 360-
degree leakage protection for heavy ﬂow, it features enhanced absorption cues and a soft, 
breathable waistband. Our size-inclusive approach ensures that we meet the unique needs 
of all our consumers, delivering a comfortable and worry-free period experience. 
 
In response to the evolving consumer preferences for advanced cough and cold relief 
solutions, we introduced Vicks Cough Syrup, a premium addition to our portfolio. This 
innovative product is designed to cater to the growing demand for herbal and ayurvedic 
remedies, oﬀering a unique formulation that combines ayurvedic wisdom with a modern 
form factor. Positioned to reach new consumers through on-demand channels such as quick 
commerce, Vicks Cough Syrup represents our commitment to oﬀering superior products to 
consumers within the cough and cold category. By addressing the needs of consumers seeking 
elevated and eﬀective relief, we continue to build the category. 

 
Superior communication requires each of our brands to optimize: 
- Reach: presenting our messages in the right forums at just the right frequency 
- Eﬀectiveness: delivering compelling messages that attract consumers to our brands, 
and 
- Eﬃciency: ensuring we’re executing our advertising plans at the best possible value. 
 
Let me share a few examples of how we are illustrating the same across our brands. 
 
As we listen to our consumers' priority of ensuring a good night’s sleep for their children with 
the trusted Vicks VapoRub and its new powerful scent, we ensure our communication aligns 
with this focus. 
 
Our messaging emphasizes Vicks VapoRub's eﬀectiveness in relieving cough and cold 
symptoms speciﬁcally in children, highlighting how it enables them to sleep peacefully and 
dream through the night. This approach resonates with parents, reinforcing the product’s 
essential role in their nighttime routines. 
 
To ensure that consumers use the product correctly for eﬀective relief, we launched a unique 
campaign called "V-Banao, Vicks Lagao." This initiative encourages users to create a "V" shape 
by applying VapoRub on the chest, neck, and back, followed by a gentle massage. This not 
only educates consumers on the best application methods but also reinforces the comforting 
experience associated with Vicks VapoRub during cough and cold. 
 
Let’s play the video to understand better. 
<audio-visual played> 
 
To enhance the eﬀective use of VapoRub, we expanded our initiatives to beneﬁt communities 
through our partnership with P&G Shiksha and our NGO partners. Through the cough and 
cold hygiene awareness workshops, we have successfully educated over 800 mothers from a 
tribal community in Maharashtra, on the right usage of Vicks with the message "V-Banao, 
Vicks Lagao." 
 
We recognize that today’s Gen-Z consumers crave real, relatable content, even for categories 
that are highly personal like feminine care. To bring to life the product superiority of the new 
and improved Whisper Ultra, we have partnered with diﬀerent relatable voices to raise 
awareness and educate audiences about the unique beneﬁts, and the promise of ﬁtting your 
body to leave upto No Gaps Ensuring No Leaks*. Through these engaging collaborations, we 
connect with young consumers in a way that resonates with their lifestyle and preferences. 
 
Our focus on superiority extends to retail execution, where we are developing new tools and 
capabilities to win across all avenues, be it the physical shelf or the digital shelf.  
 
Our innovations ensure that we are able to reach our consumer at the right touch point, with 
the right set of information and assortment to meet their needs. Maintaining availability, 

consistent messages regarding our oﬀerings, and the faith instilled by fellow-users reinforces 
brand choice with consumers growth across platforms to ensure consistent and personalised 
availability of products to our consumers basis their preferences and needs. 
 
The strategic need to keep investing in superiority, coupled with the ongoing need to drive 
balanced top- and bottom-line growth, including margin expansion, underscore the 
importance of ongoing productivity.  
 
We have developed a strong productivity muscle over the years. Productivity is fully 
embedded in our operating model and is embraced in every part of our operation. 
 
Speciﬁcally last year, through our productivity interventions, PGHH achieved savings of Rs. 93 
crores over Rs. 93 crores. That is the fuel that allows us to reinvest in superiority across the 
ﬁve vectors and stay ahead of what consumers want. Along with that we accelerate 
productivity to capture the strong growth opportunities ahead of us. 
 
Success in an industry like ours can be achieved if we embrace agility with a constructive 
disruption mindset. For us, it translates to a willingness to change, adapt and create new 
trends, technologies and capabilities that will shape the future of our industry. We are 
focused on leading disruption in a constructive way that delivers better outcomes and creates 
value for consumers, customers, employees, society, and shareowners. 
 
Let me illustrate this with some interesting examples: 
 
1. We leverage data across all channels to create a smart assortment that ensures the right 
portfolio of our products is readily available at the right stores. We leverage insights based 
on trends, neighborhood analytics as well as consumer preference and purchase studies, 
to curate a delightful experience for the consumer, shopper and retailer alike! 
2. With Supply 3.0 we continue to focus on the next phase of our supply chain optimization, 
seamlessly integrating the ﬂow from suppliers to customers and extending all the way to 
retailers' shelves. By enabling advanced ordering, distributors can place their orders well 
in advance, providing our supply chain team with early visibility. This proactive approach 
allows us to eﬃciently plan raw material purchases, production, and distribution, ensuring 
that orders are delivered in full and on time. This means products you love are ALWAYS 
available and made available in an eﬃcient manner!   
3. Besides focusing on our availability across channels, we are also co-creating engagements 
and communications with our customer partners. Our recent co-creation with Zepto for 
Whisper Period Panty is a classic example of this. Such engagements enbale us to 
customize experiences based on varying consumer behavior and preferences; while 
ensuring we reach the right consumers with the right information they seek about our 
superior product propositions. 
 
Organization is an integral part of our Integrated Growth Strategy. After all, it is our people 
who deliver and execute these strategies. We have designed, and continue to reﬁne and 

strengthen, P&G’s organization structure so that it enables P&G people to focus on our 
biggest opportunities for growth — fully empowered, agile, and accountable. 
 
This year, P&G Shiksha, our ﬂagship CSR program, proudly celebrates a signiﬁcant milestone—
20 years of positively impacting over 50 lakh children. Initially focused on building educational 
infrastructure, the program has evolved to prioritize improving learning outcomes and closing 
the learning gap. To celebrate the 20th anniversary and the two-decade impact, we also 
introduced a very special collection of 20 remarkable stories of change and impact, called 
"Twenty Tales of Triumph”. 
 
Over the past three years, P&G Shiksha has focused on raising awareness about learning 
gaps—the diﬀerence between expected and actual learning levels. As per ASER 2024, over 
50% children in grade 5, cannot read text of grade 2 level. As per a third-party survey, 
alarmingly, only 28% of adults fully understand learning gaps, highlighting the urgent need to 
emphasize the right interventions that help children learn and thrive at their own pace, 
ultimately working toward erasing the learning gap. 
 
When a child falls behind, they often get labelled! Let’s watch this video where we delve 
deeper into this insight and the emotions a child goes through!  
<audio-visual played> 
 
Many of our eﬀorts, be it our brands, our community impact programs, our organization 
initiatives, and more - have been recognized externally at prestigious forums. This only 
motivates us to raise the bar and double down on our eﬀorts to better serve all our 
stakeholders. 
 
We believe that the best path forward remains to execute our dynamic, market-constructive 
– Integrated Growth Strategy. We call this an integrated strategy for a reason. Each element 
is incredibly important. The real advantage comes from being able to do all of these things at 
the same time – that’s what we remain committed to, towards sustained excellence in service 
to all our stakeholders. 
 
With that I handover to Mrinalini Srinivasan our CFO.  
 
Mrinalini Srinivasan: 
 
Thank You, Kumar! Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. My name is Mrinalini Srinivasan 
and I’m the CFO, Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health care Ltd. 
 
Kumar spoke about our Integrated Growth Strategy and how it is making a diﬀerence to our 
business results. You also saw 3% sales and 7% structural proﬁt growth delivered for the past 
year. At this point, I would like to reﬂect the results over a longer period. I will also share with 
you our view on the recent trends and outlook for the industry. Of course, many of you sent 
over questions, which I will address during my section. 
 

Our Integrated Growth Strategy is working for us. We have delivered consistent mid-single 
digit sales growth over the past 10 years. At the same time, we have delivered a compounded 
annual proﬁt growth of 8%, while becoming more and more asset eﬃcient. Our return on 
equity has tripled during this period. Our net proﬁt margin in the same has increased by ~200 
basis points, behind our strong productivity program across all spend buckets. 
 
Another way to look at these numbers is in absolute. Our absolute sales and proﬁt have both 
doubled over the past 10 years, demonstrating our ability to consistently deliver superior 
execution of our strategies. 
 
This has resulted in us creating signiﬁcant shareholder value over this period through a record 
30 years of consistent dividend payout. Our share price has more than doubled, reﬂecting the 
consistency of business result delivery. 
 
Before I address some of your questions, I want to talk about the external landscape and how 
we see it evolving. 
 
The Indian economy continues to grow stronger amidst all global peers, nonetheless, it is 
important to acknowledge the sharp slowdown vs. the past 3 years. At 6.5% estimated for the 
year, India will grow well within the past 10 years trend. We continue to hold a cautiously 
optimistic outlook for the future. With steady government and private investment and 
economic indicators of tax collections, foreign reserves continuing to be healthy, there surely 
are reasons to be optimistic. But one must keep an eye on the evolving global trade policies, 
which can have an impact on inﬂation and demand. 
 
Speaking of demand, within the FMCG industry, trends continue to evolve. While non-food 
Inﬂation continues to stay below RBI’s medium-term target of 4%, consumer consumption 
trends are still shifting.  With healthier monsoons last year and rural wages picking up, rural 
demand is showing signs of healthy recovery. On the contrary, urban India continues to face 
ﬁnancial challenges. While the government has announced interventions in the budget, we 
expect the impact on urban consumption to take time.  
 
Looking at the near term, we anticipate some challenges to continue. However, we remain 
conﬁdent in the dynamic and integrated nature of our strategy to help us navigate the 
diﬃculties and continue to serve and delight consumers to drive sustained, balanced results. 
 
I’m now going to move to the Q&A session. Thank you to everyone who took out the time to 
share the questions with us in advance. 
We will take questions in groups, as there many common themes in the questions you have 
shared with us. Please note, we will refrain from sharing anything that is unpublished, price 
sensitive or conﬁdential to protect the competitive advantage. 
We anticipate you may have questions regarding the recent announcement by P&G globally. 
As you would have seen in the announcement, market level plans are yet to be developed so 
we don’t have any additional information to share at the moment.  

With this let’s get started with our ﬁrst set of questions. 
The ﬁrst set of questions are around the feminine hygiene category. 
Mehul Savla of Ripplewave Equity asked about the trend in market share in feminine 
hygiene business. Vishal Punmiya, of YES Securities, asked if we can talk about competitive 
intensity in feminine hygiene business. Similar questions received from Akash Shah of UTI 
Asset Management, Vishal Gutka, of Ask Investment Manager and Sunny Bhadra, of Nirmal 
Bang Institutional Equities. Ranjeet Hingorani also asked about strategy to accelerate 
growth in feminine hygiene business in context of competitive activity.  
 
- We continue to be market leaders in the feminine care category with nearly half the 
market. The category has grown over 100 times in the last 30 years. Yet, the runway 
for further growth is signiﬁcant. The category penetration today is still less than 50%.  
 
- For example - in terms of value spent per consumer, we are one sixth of the average 
China consumption. We still have signiﬁcant potential to grow the category, simply by 
growing household penetration among currently unserved and underserved 
consumers.  
 
- The competitive landscape has deﬁnitely evolved over last few years and more players 
have entered the category.  The D2C, unorganized and small sector has witnessed 
growth in niche channels but at a national scale, they cumulatively still represent less 
than ~10% of the market. And we believe that healthy competition can also help grow 
the category.  
 
- At P&G, our focus has been to delight consumers and provide them with superior 
experiences that help improve their everyday life. Over the last few quarters, we have 
upgraded almost every part of our Whisper portfolio to raise the bar on consumer 
delight, in an endeavour to address the common and diverse challenges faced by 
menstruators across markets. We continue to make these superior propositions 
available to them. Apart from this, we continue our eﬀorts on educating consumers, 
and busting taboos and myths regarding periods.  
 
- You heard from Kumar on the upgrades in Whisper Period Pants, Whisper Choice, and 
how we communicated the superiority of the improved Whisper Ultra product. Taking 
an example of our continued commitment to raising the bar on how our consumers 
experience our products – let me share a little more about our Whisper Period Pants. 
This is a new sub-segment within the Femcare category and continues to be truly a one 
of its kind products. It is a classic example of bringing the consumer insights to life by 
designing a product that oﬀers 360-degree leakage protection with enhanced 
absorption cues and a soft, breathable waistband. In fact, many consumers believe this 
is the best all-round leakage protection they have available in the market! Our size-
inclusive approach ensures that we meet the unique needs of all our consumers, 
delivering a comfortable and worry-free period experience. We are also supporting 

this by reaching consumers of this form, where they are present. We have seen 
ecommerce and quick commerce become very important platforms, so we are co-
creating consumer communication and engagement with our partners to ensure our 
consumers have the right information to make their choice. Our recent co-created 
communication with Zepto is one such example where we beautifully highlight the key 
beneﬁt of Whisper Period Panty with the crucial role of Zepto's swift 10-minute 
delivery in women's worry-free period care. 
 
- With this and many other parts of our portfolio, we continue to create value and 
enhance our portfolio in the feminine hygiene care area, remaining focused on 
executing our integrated growth strategy and delighting consumers with propositions 
that are superior across the vectors.  
I now move on to healthcare. 
Nikhil Kapoor from LIC Mutual Fund and Vishal Gutka from Ask Investment Manager asked 
about the market response of targeted products like Vicks Steam Pods and Vicks ZZZQuil 
and any new products being launched in near term.  
- While we can’t talk about what is in the future, this year has witnessed many new 
launches and upgrades – all in service of better consumer experiences!  
- Superior performing products in superior packages provide noticeably better beneﬁts 
to consumers. They become aware of and learn about these products through superior 
brand communications. This comes to life in stores and online with superior retail 
execution and delivers superior consumer value at a price that is considered worth it 
across each price tier where we compete.    
- We look at superiority as a never-ending challenge and opportunity and we invest to 
raising the bar on our superiority standards in response to consumer needs and 
changes in our industry. That’s why, we are equally committed to improving our 
products and not just launching new ones! 
- Just in the last few quarters, we have launched many new products, and the initial 
feedback has been very positive for many of these products. These are not just new 
launches, but an eﬀort from the company to tap into evolving jobs to be done at our 
consumer’s ends, with new propositions that don’t exist today. To that eﬀect, these 
are entirely new sub-categories that we are creating and hence will take some time to 
get established on a mass scale. However, we see compelling consumer reactions in 
cohorts and channels with more trialists.  
- Delving a little more on Zzzquil, we’re leveraging the right touchpoints to broaden our 
reach according to consumers need and preferences. We are available at leading 
pharmacies and ecommerce platforms in Tier I as well as Tier II cities. The consumer 
need and preference is at the core of our eﬀorts. Zzzquil continues to be #1 bestseller 
on Ecommerce in the nutritional sleep supplements segment, and in fact has witnessed 
an exponential double-digit growth on ecommerce platforms.  

- Let’s also talk about steam pods. Steam inhalation has long been a cherished remedy 
for cough and cold in Indian households, handed down through generations. To 
elevate this traditional practice and accelerate relief from symptoms, we introduced 
Vicks Steam Pods—a multisymptomatic solution designed to quickly alleviate blocked 
noses, coughs, and headaches with a powerful blend of menthol, camphor, and 
eucalyptus. With this we want our consumers to experience the enhanced 
eﬀectiveness of steam inhalation with Vicks Steam Pods and breathe easier.  
- We also recently launched Vicks Cough Syrup exclusively on e- commerce! This new 
product oﬀers fast-acting relief from dry and chesty coughs, thanks to a formula that 
is a powerful blend of Ayurvedic ingredients like Tulsi and Ginger. What consumers 
love is that it is a non-drowsy cough medicine. It also supports your immune system, 
ensuring you stay active and alert throughout the day.  
Moving on. Meenakshi Verma, from the Hindu Business Line and Sunny Bhadra from 
Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities has asked about share of premium and future trend on 
premium portfolio. 
- We know, that delivering superiority across every part of our portfolio is the path to 
growing categories, providing value to consumers and retailers, and creating value for 
shareowners. We must do this across all price points & all price tiers where we play, all 
retail channels, and all consumer segments we serve. The combination of premium and 
aﬀordable innovation is working well for our categories like Feminine care, where these 
actions are linked to our evolving understanding of consumer-need and context. At the 
same time as we discover newer jobs to be done, we are bringing together a portfolio 
that can also serve these evolving needs with targeted products. Consumer needs are 
also evolving to become more heterogenous, and we have continued to invest in our 
portfolio to delight our current consumers, as well as have an opportunity to serve the 
cohorts of yet unserved and underserved consumers.  
The next cluster of questions are on the A&P spends of the company. Mehul Savla - 
Ripplewave Equity Advisors LLP has asked about advertising costs growing ahead of sales 
and expectations for future. 
 
- There are various factors that impact A&P spends. This spend is a function of the 
business need at hand and the right scale of consumer awareness needed to address 
it. It also considers the innovation pipeline and the awareness support it may require. 
Therefore, this could vary from year to year.  
 
- When we have a superior product that we have innovated and brought into the market, 
we intend to make as many right consumers as possible aware of that superior 
proposition – with the right combination of messages and touchpoints. This year, we 
had a brilliant lineup of innovation, including the ones we discussed like Whisper Ultra 
XL, Vicks Double Power Cough Drops, and Whisper Period Pants. The focus has always 
been, and remains, growing the category by delighting our consumers with superior 

propositions, investing in long term equity building and trust into our brands, being 
aware that payout is seldom within a couple of quarters. 
 
Moving on to next set of questions on ﬁnancials. 
Akash Shah from UTI Asset Management and Shilpa Ranipeta from Network 18 have asked 
questions on the impact of cost inﬂation on Company’s margins? Vipul Kumar Shah has 
asked about margins at a subsegment level and has sought clarity on increase in other 
expenses in the March 2025 quarter.  
- Speciﬁc to the question on other expenses in March quarter, we would like the record 
to reﬂect the accurate picture of our results – other expenses grew 2% in the quarter 
vs. same period last year and 2% for the 9-month comparable period, not 30% as in the 
question. It is also sequentially down by 10% vs. Dec quarter.  
- Our structural margins have improved signiﬁcantly year on year, to the tune of 250 bps 
in the past 5-year basis.  This year, despite a mid-single digit cost inﬂation across 
materials and manpower and a choiceful investment in advertising and promotion 
towards category growth, we have still been able to improve net margin by ~60bps. We 
have also already shared with you a long-term picture of our trends in the presentation. 
This is driven by our deliberate eﬀorts on productivity across cost buckets, as well as 
innovation in the premium segments to enable consumers to trade up in line with their 
evolving aspirations. Note that we do not share sub segment level information for 
competitive reasons.   
-  
- Overall, for us Productivity is more than cost cutting. It is a more eﬃcient way of 
operating — in service to consumers and customers — every day. Like Kumar 
mentioned - We have developed a strong productivity muscle over the years. 
Productivity is fully embedded in our operating model and is embraced in every part of 
our operation. That is the fuel that allows us to reinvest in superiority across the ﬁve 
vectors and stay ahead of what consumers want. Along with that we accelerate 
productivity to capture strong growth opportunities ahead of us. 
Darshit Vora from Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediaries has asked about price hikes 
taken or planned to be taken. 
- I would not be able to comment on future plans, but let me illustrate our principle. We 
are focused on providing consumers with superior performing products at a variety of 
price points, package sizes and retail channels that deliver great value. We have 
learned over the past many innovation cycles, that consumers are more value 
conscious, than outlay conscious, where they are willing to pay for superior 
propositions.  
 

There were questions on growth outlook by Anuj Momaya from Ideal Investments,  Samyak 
Jain from Sanrity Algo, Piyann Bhatia from Anand Rathi and Akash Shah from UTI Asset 
Management. 
 
- Our endeavour is to grow the category, and grow at a rate ahead of the industry 
average. More importantly, our endeavour is to grow in a manner that is consistent, 
sustained and rooted in better understanding consumers and serving them with 
propositions superior across all 5 vectors. Overall, our aim is to drive category growth 
by uncovering and serving new jobs to be done, with evolving consumer needs and 
aspirations. And, to do that, we believe that the best path forward remains to execute 
our dynamic, market-constructive – Integrated Growth Strategy for sustained 
excellence in service to all our stakeholders.  
 
There were questions on Company’s plans to launch new products or to bring in global 
brands as well as whether Company plans to explore entering into new categories. These 
questions came from Mehul Savla from Ripplewave Equity, Sriram Rajaram from Sampada 
Capital, Nikhil Kapoor from LIC Mutual Fund, Meenakshi Verma from Hindu Business Line, 
and Anuj Momaya from Ideal Investments. Saurabh H Ved from Anantya Capital has asked 
whether the Company is actively exploring acquisitions to complement its existing 
portfolio. 
- We are market leaders in both Feminine care category (nearly half the market) and in 
the Cough and Cold category (over half the market). In the ﬁscal gone by, growth has 
been balanced across the segments, along with one of the strongest innovation 
pipelines we have seen in recent years. This has been possible because our focus has 
actually been to grow and build the category, and that’s what we will continue to focus 
on.  
- While we cannot comment on the future launches and plans, we still have signiﬁcant 
opportunity for growth - both on consumption and innovation, in the categories we 
play in. We can unlock signiﬁcant value for all stakeholders, in our endeavour to grow 
household penetration among currently unserved and underserved consumers. And 
we know that we can do that by bringing to life our proven integrated growth strategy.   
- As you saw in the presentation by Kumar, our innovation bundle over the last few 
quarters is one of the most robust we have seen in the recent years. We remain 
invested in developing innovation in each of our categories to attract new users and 
help them more eﬀectively tackle current and new jobs to be done.  
Meenakshi Verma, from the Hindu Business Line, has asked whether we are witnessing 
signs of recovery in urban demand and by when would the urban demand become more 
robust. Priyann Bhatia from Anand Rathi asked about the trend in volume and value growth 
in the feminine care and healthcare categories. 
- As you may recall from the outlook I presented, we continue to hold a cautiously 
optimistic outlook for the future.  While rural demand is showing signs of healthy 

recovery, with healthier monsoons last year and rural wages picking up, urban demand 
is not following the same trend. Urban India continues to face ﬁnancial challenges. The 
government-announced interventions in the budget should help but will take some 
time to showcase the impact.  
- However, if we zoom out to look at a longer-term picture, we have demonstrated a 
strong track record of performance. We have delivered consistent mid-single digit sales 
growth over the past 10 years. Our absolute sales and proﬁt have both doubled over 
the past 10 years, demonstrating our ability to consistently deliver superior execution 
of our strategies. 
Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities, Priyann Bhatia from Anand Rathi, and Krishnan 
Sambamoorthy from Nirmal Bang have sent in some questions about our growth across 
channels and distribution reach. 
- We have been consistently and eﬀectively growing our coverage. In fact, we have 
expanded our coverage by 1 million stores in the last 3 years.  
 
- However, what makes this even more impactful is how we are engaging the stores with 
the power of data and digital transformation. We developed an in-house Artiﬁcial 
intelligence & machine learnings algorithm that analyses consumer behaviour patterns 
to customize a range of P&G products at a store level – no matter which channel. 
Whether it is a physical store or a dark store – making the right assortment available is 
a priority, and the power of digital analytics is helping us do that. We also leverage AI 
to ensure the right shelving and visibility of our products at a store-level, to enable 
consumers to easily ﬁnd products!  
The ﬁnal set of questions that we have received are on the strong legacy of Old Spice and 
some suggestions on strengthening the brand further including with newer audience.  
- Thank you for your suggestions! To share with you, Old Spice has recently been 
engaging consumers on social media signiﬁcantly, in relevant ways. By collaborating 
with creators from diverse genres such as ﬁtness, comedy, and lifestyle, Old Spice is 
creating snackable, relatable content to eﬀectively reach the right consumer cohorts 
with content that is crafted in Old Spice’s signature humorous style. That has been 
resonating well with consumers, including younger Gen-Z audience. This approach has 
actually helped us double the business on e-commerce this year! 
With that we come to an end of Q&A session. We hope today’s session was both informative 
and exciting for you. We have endeavoured to respond to most of the questions that we 
received from you – either in the presentations or in the Q&A section at the end. Some 
questions, while not called out, would have also been addressed as part of what you heard 
from us today. 
Once again, we thank you for joining us on the call today.  You may disconnect now. Have a 
great day! 

 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or 
inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking.  
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT  
 
