Regd. Office: E-18, Defence Colony, New Delhi 110024, Ph No.011- 44114411 www.medanta.org, info@medanta.org, CIN: L85110DL2004PLC128319 
   May 21, 2025 
   Ref:- GHL/2025-26/EXCH/20 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543654 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MEDANTA 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on Friday, May 16, 2025, for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 results. 
The Transcript is also available at our website: https://www.medanta.org/investor-relation 
This is for your information and record. 
For Global Health Limited     
Rahul Ranjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A17035
Encl: a/a 
RAHUL 
RANJAN
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL RANJAN 
Date: 2025.05.21 
16:32:07 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Global Health Limited – Medanta 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 16, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. NARESH TREHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED  
 
MR. PANKAJ SAHNI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND DIRECTOR– MEDANTA – GLOBAL 
HEALTH LIMITED  
 
MR. YOGESH KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVI GOTHWAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TUSHAR MANUDHANE – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Global Health Medanta Q4 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thank you, Yusuf. Good evening, and a very warm welcome to all the participants on Global 
Health Limited, 4Q FY25 Earnings Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
 
Joining with us today from the management side, we have Dr. Naresh Trehan, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Pankaj Sahni, Group CEO and Director; Mr. Yogesh Kumar Gupta, 
CFO; and Mr. Ravi Gothwal, Head of Investor Relations. 
Over to Naresh sir for the opening remarks. 
Naresh Trehan: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for today's Medanta Q4 and Full Year FY25 
earnings conference call. Our results were published yesterday, and we have already uploaded 
the press release and earnings presentation on the website and the stock exchanges.  
I'm pleased to share with you that our flagship hospital in Gurugram, widely known as “Medanta 
- The Medicity” celebrated its 15th anniversary. And over the years, we have consistently set 
benchmark in clinical excellence and higher standard of patient care. 
 
I'm also proud to share that all our accomplishments have been achieved because Medanta 
Gurugram has once again been ranked India's best private hospital by Newsweek's for the 6th 
year consecutive. And we are proud to know that we are the only one in the first 150 hospitals 
of the world. This, of course, is a reaffirmation of our quality and the Medanta quality of care 
and systems. 
 
Let me now highlight the clinical achievement of this year: 
In addition to the many new technologies that we introduced for the benefit of the patients, we 
have accomplished the first set of CAR-T cell therapies, starting with Lucknow making a 
significant milestone in the advanced cancer care. 
Following this, Medanta Gurugram also conducted CAR-T cell therapy, an innovative treatment, 
which leverages the patient's own immune system to combat cancer.  
Medanta Lucknow has emerged as a sector of excellence for robotic surgeries in Uttar Pradesh, 
having successfully performed 100 robotic procedures within the first six months of operations. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
Medanta Lucknow crossed the milestones of 250+ kidney transplants since inception and 
established itself as a leading center for renal transplant in the region.  
Medanta Gurugram secured a patent for a brachytherapy bracket therapy device, known as 
MAOLO developed for the advanced treatment of cervical cancer. This has been appreciated 
very widely and we are now in the process of getting a manufacturing individual who can 
actually bring into market. 
 
Doctors at Medanta Gurugram employed minimally invasive and novel techniques to treat a rare 
cardiac conditions, idiopathic chylopericardium and many other surgical procedures, which were 
done for the first time.  
These clinical milestones are not isolated achievements, they reflect Medanta's deep institutional 
expertise, cross-disciplinary collaboration of highly skilled doctors to deliver superior patient 
outcomes. 
During the year, we have onboarded 100+ doctors across Medanta network of hospitals. We 
have also continued to invest in latest technology to enable our doctors to deliver high-end 
medicine with precision. 
 
As we look ahead, we plan to add approximately 1,000 beds over the next 2 years, of this, our 
Noida facility with a capacity of 550 beds is set to become operational in Q2 FY26.  
Further in line with our commitment to expanding to access to high-quality tertiary and coronary 
care, we have announced this year 3 large-format greenfield hospitals in high-growth regions of 
Mumbai, Pitampura and most recently, Guwahati. 
 
With that, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Pankaj Sahni, group CEO, to share 
further details and the financial update for the year. Over to you, Pankaj. Thank you. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, Dr. Trehan. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to our Q4 and FY25 earnings 
call. Let me take you through the key highlights of our annual performance for the year. After 
that, I will hand you over to our Group CFO, Mr. Yogesh, who will discuss the quarterly 
performance for Q4 FY25. 
During the year, Medanta delivered a total consolidated income of INR 37,714 million, 
registering a growth of 13% year-on-year. EBITDA was INR 9,562 million, a growth of 9% 
year-on-year with a strong EBITDA margin of 25.4%. Profit after tax for the period was  
INR 4,813 million after adjusting it for onetime exceptional expenses of INR 499 million related 
to the merger of Medanta Lucknow, i.e. MHPL with Global Health Limited. Adjusted profit 
after tax stood at INR 5,186 million, a growth of 9% with a margin of 13.8%.  
I'm also pleased to share that the Board has recommended the first-ever dividend of 25% 
amounting to INR 0.5 per share. 
 
Now moving on to the operational highlights for the year: 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
During the year, 219 new beds were added across the Medanta network, representing a 7.8% 
growth in bed capacity. This includes the addition of our 49 bedded dedicated floor for mother 
and child at Medanta Gurugram, 112 beds were added in Patna and 58 beds were added in 
Lucknow.  
The average occupied bed days for the year increased by 10% year-on-year with an occupancy 
of 62% on increased bed capacity. ARPOBs were INR 62,722, a marginal increase of 1.3%. 
Increasing PPP and scheme business has been marginally ARPOB-dilutive, but it has been offset 
by growing contribution from cancer and changing case mix. In patient count increased by 12% 
year-on-year and outpatient count increased by 10% year-on-year.  
Coming to the mature and developing hospital performance update:  
Our matured hospitals revenue from them was INR 26,119 million, reflecting a growth of 11% 
on a year-on-year basis, driven by a combination of increased patient volumes and improved 
realizations. EBITDA was INR 6,481 million, up by 12% year-on-year with an EBITDA margin 
of 25%. Occupancy was at 64%.  
Our developing hospitals, which includes Lucknow and Patna, registered a year-on-year revenue 
growth of 10%, amounting to INR 10,940 million. EBITDA was INR 3,290 million, a growth 
of 2% year-on-year with strong EBITDA margins at 30%. The occupied bed days at our 
developing units increased by 19% year-on-year with an occupancy rate of 59% on an increased 
bed capacity. ARPOB declined by 4% year-on-year to INR 54,303, largely due to increased 
share of PPP patient and scheme patients in Patna and Lucknow. 
 
We continue to see strong financial performance in Partner despite the lower realizations with 
extremely high revenue and EBITDA growth numbers. and very robust EBITDA margins.  
As highlighted in the past, our Lucknow operations have stabilized, and we remain committed 
to further strengthening our clinical capabilities in Lucknow. In line with this, we have added 7 
new directors and over 20 senior clinicians across various specialties. We have also 
commissioned our Da Vinci XI surgical robot and a new cath lab, significantly enhancing our 
surgical and interventional capabilities. 
 
Additionally, we enrolled the Ayushman Bharat and CGHS and other schemes, enabling us to 
serve a broader patient population. In other key updates, our revenue from international patients 
increased by 8% year-on-year to INR 2,086 million, contributing approximately 6% of our total 
revenue. Our OPD pharmacy business continues to register strong growth with revenue 
increasing by 26% to INR1,400 million in FY25. 
 
During the year, we have launched Medanta clinics at Golf Course Road in Gurgaon and at 
Ranchi in the city center, bringing high-quality outpatient services closer to the patients making 
health care more accessible to them.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Capex of INR 6,449 million was incurred during the year, of which INR 1,367 million was 
towards the Mumbai hospital, while the remaining was spent towards expanding bed capacity, 
upgrading technology and our Noida construction.  
 
Overall, we ended the year with a strong net cash surplus of INR 8,123 million positioning us 
well to drive future expansion plans and growth.  
Moving on to our various projects: 
In Ranchi, we have signed an O&M agreement this year to operate a 110-bed hospital with 
advanced OT and critical care facilities, and we expect to operationalize this in the first quarter 
of FY26. This is in addition to our existing 200-bed hospital in Ranchi. In Noida, the 
development of our 550-bed greenfield hospital is in full swing and is expected to be operational 
in Q2 FY26.  Mumbai, during the year, we acquired 9,288 square meters of prime land in 
Oshiwara to develop a 500+ bed super specialty hospital there, and that activity is also underway. 
In Pitampura, Delhi, we have signed an operations and management agreement to jointly build 
and operate a 750-bed super specialty hospital at Pitampura, both Mumbai and Pitampura 
hospitals are in various stages of drawing preparation and regulatory approvals. 
Most recently, our Board has approved a new project to acquire land and build a 400-bed super 
specialty destination care hospital in Guwahati, Assam, with the aim to serve the entire 
Northeastern region of India. Overall, we have built a strong pipeline to add approximately 1,000 
beds in the next 2 years and another 2,000 beds across various greenfield projects over the course 
of the next 3 to 4 years. 
With this, I hand over the call to Yogesh to share with you the performance for the quarter. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Thank you, Pankaj. Now I would like to discuss consolidated financial and operational 
performance for the quarter Q4 FY 25.  
During the quarter, Medanta delivered total income of INR 9,542 million compared to INR 8,361 
million same quarter last year, registering a strong year-over-year growth of 14%. EBITDA for 
the quarter was INR 2,476 million, an increase of 20% year-on-year, with an improved EBITDA 
margin of 26.0% compared to 24.7% in the same quarter last year. Profit after the tax for the 
period was INR 1,014 million with a PAT margin of 10.6%. 
 
Overall, our growth during the quarter was primarily driven by the consistent volume growth 
over the network.  
Operational performance for Q4 FY25:  
Our inpatient volumes during the quarter increased by 15% year-over-year to 42,901 and 
outpatient volumes increased while 13% year-over-year. Average occupied bed days for the 
quarter increased by 12% year-on-year with the occupancy of approximately 61% on increased 
bed capacity. Average revenue per bed for the quarter was INR 63,629, a marginal increase of 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
1%. During the quarter, revenue from international patients increased by 17% year-over-year to 
INR 557 million. 
Now coming to the developing hospitals: During the quarter, developing hospital clusters 
continue to grow strong, registering the total in terms of INR 2,814 million, a growth of 24% 
year-over-year. EBITDA for the quarter was INR 850 million, increase of 36% year-on-year 
with an improved EBITDA margin of 30%. Average occupied bed days increased by 36% year-
on-year, representing improved occupancy of 60% on increased bed capacity. ARPOB during 
the quarter was INR 53,818, compared to INR 57,696 same quarter last year, de-growth 
primarily due to uptick in the new patients at Patna and Lucknow. 
 
Now coming to the mature hospitals: total income for the quarter was INR 6,541 million, up by 
8% year-over-year. EBITDA was INR 1,685 million compared to INR 1,493 million same 
quarter last year, up by 13% year-over-year. Average occupied bed days increased by 2%, 
representing an occupancy of 62%. ARPOB, grew by 6% to INR 69,592 in Q4 FY25 due to 
change in the case mix. 
 
Now coming to our capex plan, as Pankaj highlighted, Medanta is on our track to double its bed 
capacity by adding approximately 3,000 beds across multiple projects over the next 3 to 4 years. 
We have earmarked the total capital outlay of around INR 4,000 crores for this expansion, which 
includes both the capacity addition and ancillary support services, along with the maintenance 
capex of about INR 450 crores. The majority of this investment is expected to be back-ended, 
and the projects will be funded through a combination of internal approvals and the debt 
financing. 
 
I would like to draw your attention to the Statutory standalone financial, file with the stock 
exchanges, pursuant to the merger with MHPL, which was holding the Lucknow unit entity, 
with the holding company, GHL, the standalone financial results now include the performance 
of Lucknow units. Accordingly, the figures of comparative periods have been restated to include 
Lucknow unit as well.  
The key benefits of the merger are export benefits under EPCG scheme will now be available to 
Lucknow against the Forex earnings of the GHL. Free cash flow generated by Lucknow unit can 
be utilized by GHL without any additional tax obligations, enabling optimized fund deployment 
for both organic and inorganic growth, maximizing shareholder revenue and streamlining of 
legal regulatory and recordkeeping processes reducing complexity and compliance costs. 
 
With this, I request operator to open the line for the questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Axia Asset. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Sir, could you please repeat the capex numbers? I just missed out on the total capex for the beds. 
Did you say INR 4,000 crores? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Yes, I said INR 4,000 crores. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Okay. Perfect. And the second question I had, could you give a sense of how many transplants 
have been done in this quarter and in FY 25, and how have those grown on a year-on-year basis 
or maybe on a trajectory-wise, how have transplants grown for us? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I don't have the number upfront with me. I just wanted to, however, quickly clarify 2 - 3 
points because there are many different types of transplants. We do kidney transplants, liver 
transplants, bone marrow transplants, heart transplants. I don't have that number. I'm sorry, with 
me off the top of my head, but our Investor Relations team will be able to get that back to you. 
 
Only thing that I mentioned in our script is that in Lucknow, we have crossed 250 transplants in 
the kidney area. And I think that we do a significant number of transplants across liver, kidney, 
BMT of course in our Gurgaon facility. And then we do liver and kidney and BMT in Lucknow 
as well. And Patna, we have not yet started liver transplants, but we're doing all the others. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. And sir, last question would be, how are you seeing the competitive intensity across 
your major markets? I mean all the larger players, I think except for Patna, at least in Lucknow 
as well as in the NCR region, have been expanding and doing their own work as well. So just a 
sense on how are you seeing that competitive intensity play out across the board. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I think there are 2 ways to look at this. One way that you see is a lot of what you may hear 
because of the various listed players that you mentioned, who are expanding their build-outs 
across various cities of India, not only in the North, but also in the South. So we do see an 
increase in the amount of beds announced, the amount of hospitals announced. Although, I also 
want to caution a lot of the announcements are just that announcements, the hospitals are not yet 
being built that will, of course, take a certain amount of time to build the hospitals. So we do see 
some amount of that. 
 
The second thing that may not be so visible to our capital markets investor community is that 
we do also see a scale-up of local hospitals. So you see renovations, you see increasing amounts 
of innovation coming in and new talent coming into the smaller local hospitals that may not be 
listed, but may be relevant in one city or the other of the country. Now our point of view actually 
is that all of these things are very, very positive for the industry as well as, of course, for the 
patient community. 
 
So the reason I say that it's very positive is that, if you look today at the Gurgaon market, many 
people refer to Gurgaon as a medical hub and what that results in is two things. One, of course, 
we get patients coming in from all parts of the country or at least the northern part of the country, 
but we also get clinical talent that is gravitating towards the city and that enables people to hire 
better and so on and so forth. 
 
So this idea that Gurgaon today is a medical hub is not something that was always there. In fact, 
before Medanta Gurgaon opened, there was hardly 1 or 2 smaller hospitals in Gurgaon. In fact, 
we were very much part of building it into a medical hub and that actually creates a phenomenon 
where, to put it, frankly, it's a rising tide will lift all boats type of phenomenon. And we believe 
that, that is likely to happen in several markets. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
So we have already seen when we initially went into Lucknow, there's a lot of skepticism about 
why are you going to tier-2. We have seen our competitors following us into those markets. And 
we do believe that the Lucknow-Kanpur region will also become a medical hub in the years to 
come. 
 
Similarly, we believe that there will be additional development of the Delhi region, all aspects 
of it. Frankly, both the central Delhi region as well as places like Noida into other medical hubs. 
And of course, with the huge and expanding population of Delhi, we personally feel that there's 
still a lot of capacity addition that is required to service that need over there. 
 
And then lastly, if you look at some of the movements that you've seen over the course of the 
last year or two in the western part of the country, which again was not very active with the 
established players, you see now a lot more activity happening in Maharashtra, Mumbai, 
Nagpur, then Pune, etc. So these in our personal opinion are actually all very positive for the 
industry and very positive for the patient community. So we are not overly worried. We feel that 
in the long run, this will be very beneficial. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My first question is on Lucknow and Patna hospitals. So, I understand most of the patients are 
cash-paying patients like self-pay. And then you mentioned you have now empanelled  
Ayushman and some other schemes. So just want to understand, should we assume these 2 
hospitals will mostly remain cash heavy and the contribution coming from the insurance channel 
might not be very significant in near to medium term. How should we look at the payer mix 
there? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I think just to clarify, Damayanti, I'll let Yogesh also chime in on the numbers. But just to 
clarify, I think when we use this word cash, we typically actually mean cash plus TPA. I think 
the more appropriate word would be to use our listed tariffs rather than the actual mechanism of 
cash. And I think the intention is not to define cash versus credit, and since cash was insurance, 
but a lot more to say that these are the published rates of the hospital, which are a little bit of 
course, the scheme rates as you're aware, are lower than the published rates. 
 
So if you look at our payer mix across the group, we still have about 82% of our payer mix 
coming from the cash TPA market. And if you look at our Lucknow and Patna markets, I think 
that may be even closer to 90%. Of course, we do have some PPP business in our Patna market. 
And as we had mentioned, I think in maybe a year ago plus earnings call, we did always intend 
to take some of the scheme business in Lucknow to serve those patients. But Yogesh can correct 
me on the numbers. I think state upwards of 80% - 85% is cash and TPA. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Yes, I think I was considering only cash, but thanks for clarifying it's cash plus TPA. 
Okay, that's the first question. Second is your ARPOB, as we saw in last few quarters, single-
digit growth. So Just want to understand whether you have any plans to take any tariff hike or 
like in the past, you will just continue to focus on volumes and business mix. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No. I think we will be taking some tariff hikes. We have, in fact, taken some tariff hikes already, 
which, in Gurgaon at a nominal rate. And as you are aware, some of our discussions and 
negotiations with the insurance companies, they happen typically once in a 2-year time frame. 
So those negotiations and discussions will also happen. 
 
As you rightly pointed out, we have not yet taken a tariff hike in Lucknow and Patna. That may 
also be something that we may do for the course of this financial year. However, as I've always 
mentioned, our tariff hikes are typically nominal, we don't make very big jumps in tariff hikes, 
referring to maybe stick to numbers which are near about maybe the routine inflation. And the 
intention is not to overly burden the patient community with increased tariffs, but just to cover 
for the inflationary and input cost aspects. 
It will be selective unit by unit. And even within the unit, it may be selective for certain 
departments because we do take the clinicians into confidence before doing any of this. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. So for ARPOB, the growth trajectory, which we should look for next few years should be 
in single digit, right, maybe low to mid-single-digit range? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I mean I think that would be fair. I would be a little hesitant to say that it could be in double 
digits, barring some very strange kind of input cost changes, which we saw right after COVID. 
Typically, if you go back to earlier times pre-COVID, we did see it in the single-digit maybe 
mid-level single-digit time, which is broadly in sync with how it moves globally, a little bit more 
than inflation is typically health care and inflation. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Got it. And my last question is on your Pitampura unit, although like it's a bit away. But 
nonetheless, in your presentation, you mentioned you'll be incurring around INR 600 crores of 
capex. And you are doing this hospital jointly with the society. So, this INR 600 crores is your 
portion or that's the total capex, which you have planned ? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
This is our portion because structure, etc. will be built by the society. So we are not counting 
that capex out. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And this would be obviously much back loaded, right? Nothing maybe in, say, next one 
or two years, it's a bit late in terms of timing. 
Naresh Trehan: 
Nominal amount, because design investment is our, so we incurred some expense on the design 
side, but mostly, this expense will be after they build the facility. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
And just to clarify, even our greenfield projects, which we will completely are typically on a 
cash flow point of view, typically also back-end loaded because a lot of the expenses come in 
the interiors and medical equipment. The greenfield projects upfront have typically the civil cost, 
but I would say, even if you are taking 100%, I would say almost 60% or so is backloaded in the 
routine cash flow of a greenfield project. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Pankaj, can you also clarify in a typical greenfield, the majority of cost is towards the 
medical equipment and servicing, etc and the civil constitute relatively smaller parts, the way 
you said maybe it's 40-50, or how should we look at that? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, I was referring to the cash flow, not the breakup between civil. So, any project has basically, 
I would say, 4 major buckets. One, of course, I'm not including the land cost, but let's  if you 
take out the land cost, there would be the civil and the construction-related activities, there will 
be all the services, which is your technical, mechanical, air conditioning HVAC services. That's 
the second component. The third component would be your interiors and the fourth component 
would be your medical equipment. This broadly is how you think about the project cost. I'm not 
including any of the preoperative expenses and the consultancy expenses, etc, but those are also 
there. 
 
So most of the costs beyond civil are back-end loaded because it does take about a year, 18 
months to get the civil structure up and then probably another 18 months or so, maybe a little bit 
more to get the interiors and then the medical equipment is the last of course to come in. 
So the cash flow is a bit backloaded, but I would say the breakup between these four components, 
maybe a little bit more on the interiors and services part because obviously, it depends on how 
many operating rooms, etc. Civil is probably the lowest component of it now. But I would say 
probably between 20% to 30% is each component, maybe with civil being a little bit lower. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jainil Kothari from Vasuki India Capital. 
Jainil Kothari: 
My question actually revolves around a gross block per bed or maybe capex per bed. Our gross 
block has always been around INR 9.5 million to INR 10 million per bed, but our country is 
actually witnessing a good acceptance of pre-engineered buildings, especially in a very capex-
heavy business, which has to lower down the capex spend and which eventually helps to have a 
superior return profile. 
So hospitals being a very capex-heavy business, along with a good gestation period for 
breakeven. What's your point of view regarding the acceptance of pre-engineered buildings in 
this sector? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So we have been looking at this very closely. I think that the jury is still out on this. And I can 
give you two very specific challenges or concerns. One, of course, as you understand, hospitals 
have significantly higher requirements for various types of services because of our operating 
rooms, our ICUs, etc, and the way in which Medanta builds these facilities in line with the best 
international standards, we may have even higher than many others in the industry. 
 
So we do need to be cautious about these pre-engineered types of buildings. We've also looked 
at steel structures versus cement structures. But the second major concern in all of this 
construction is around safety. And some of that safety is related to fire safety and the ability to 
bear the fire ratings as well as the structural safety of the building. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
So unfortunately, we have not yet seen very mass adoption of this in the hospital sector, probably 
because of these two reasons, and that is the reason why till now we have not gone with any of 
these structures, but new technologies, new materials, new techniques are being done. And we 
are evaluating this and also evaluating whether kind of a hybrid structure can be put in place. So 
we are looking at this hybrid structure for, say, for example, our Mumbai project to see if that is 
possible, and that may help with more than anything, maybe speed to construction, but it's still 
to be determined. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anshul Agrawal from Emkay. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Sir, a few questions or clarifications on upcoming projects. Could you help us with the time line 
for the DLF project and the Pitampura project? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So let me go one by one. Our DLF project is currently in the phase of where we have started the 
barricading activity and the soil testing activity, but that construction activity will still probably 
take about 3 years, I would say, to go to complete finishing. 
We've started in our Pitampura facility doing the drawings, and we are ready to do those 
submissions. So as soon as we get the approvals, we'll be in a position to start that activity as 
well. And that also is likely to take somewhere around 3 years. So both the projects about 3 years 
out. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. And just a follow-up on these two projects, sir. Will be sharing rent or will be sharing 
part of revenues in both these projects? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I mean, it's more or less the same thing. Part of revenue is, in a way, a rental income only for 
the party that owns the land. So, depending on the commercial arrangements with the party, it is 
typically rent or revenue share or some combination of both with a minimum guarantee rent. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Okay. We have the same kind of conditions in both the projects, similar or same. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. I mean there are slight differences in both of the projects, but really, that is a question of 
what is the commercial arrangement that you come to terms with respect to the landlord or the 
party that is in construction, in the hospital partnership. 
It depends on how much money the other party may be putting in and building. So obviously, if 
somebody gives you just the land, it's a different rate, if somebody gives you land in the cold 
shell, it's different. If you get land plus warms shell, it's different. So that's how it typically works 
in the industry. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Sure. Second question I had was on the Noida project. We would have already hired certain 
doctors, clinicians for this project. Are those costs sitting in our Q1, have we incurred any of 
these costs in the current quarter, Q4, I mean? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
We have not hired any doctors as of now because doctors will get hired near to the opening of 
the facility. So we are talking to various people. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Offers are out in the market, but the cost is not yet in the P&L, except for the people that are 
already sitting in our other units who may move to Noida. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum. 
Sumit Gupta: 
So sir, strong momentum was visible in developing units in this quarter. So do you see the 
momentum continuing for the, let's say, forcible future, for the next at least 1 to 2 years. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I mean, I always caution on these calls and in my meetings that we don't run this business 
quarterly, we don't really look at how things move quarterly, those just happen to be the 
outcomes basis, how you put the calendar reporting together. What I would say is that we feel 
still fairly confident about the future growth both in the short term as well as in the longer term 
on all the developing hospitals. 
 
Now just to kind of keep in mind that as we move back now into what we had originally at the 
IPO time classified as developing and non-developing I think we have taken about a 6-year time 
frame. So theoretically or technically, I guess Lucknow will now start to move into the mature 
hospitals depending on how you define that. But that's really just how you report out in the 
investor presentation. 
But I think if you forget about this nomenclature of classification of developing versus non-
developing and you talk specifically about both the units as well as the both the cities. I think 
we have a good amount of growth to come in both Lucknow and Patna because we still have 
bed additions to do there, first of all. Secondly, we are still doing very aggressive hiring in both 
the units. And thirdly, if you look at the potential of these markets, both in terms of the city of 
Lucknow and the city of Patna as well as the surrounding areas, there's quite a lot of scope for 
all of this to grow. And I did mention as well in response to another question that we do believe, 
at least the Lucknow-Kanpur region will develop as a more robust medical hub. And we've seen 
that already with Gurgaon, we've seen that with other cities like Delhi and even places like 
Bangalore, Hyderabad, they end up delivering a good amount of growth for all the hospitals in 
the ecosystem once they become these more established medical hubs.  
So I think Lucknow and Patna very, very early days for those markets on a health care industry 
point of view, and they will continue to develop and continue to grow. 
Sumit Gupta: 
And sir, second question is on the Noida facility, which is about to come. So how do you see 
this facility ramping in the first year? And do you see competition from Max or Jaypee will add 
to the competitive intensity and some other hospitals are also there like Jaypee. So how do you 
see the competitive intensity in the Noida region particularly? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So first of all, just to clarify, Max, Jaypee is the same now because Max has taken over Jaypee. 
If you look at the Noida region, right, the population explosion just in Noida itself, forget about 
the surrounding cities, all the way up to Agra, Bareilly, Meerut, Saharanpur, etc, is just very, 
very, very high, very, very dense. And frankly speaking, historically, Noida has had a very short 
supply of hospital beds, leave alone quality hospital beds. So we believe that there is a very big 
opportunity in Noida. We believe that even after the kind of our hospitals open and some of the 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
other expansion that has been discussed with some of the other hospitals, there's still quite a lot 
of capacity required in that territory. That's our belief. So we don't see any big issue with respect 
to oversupply, if that is the first question. 
 
As far as the ramp-up goes, look, again, hospitals typically do take a couple of years to ramp up. 
Medanta has been very fortunate that we've been able to deliver EBITDA breakeven in our recent 
facilities of both Patna and Lucknow within the first year. I would say that is good and fortunate. 
We shouldn't always plan for that. There is a certain buildup time. 
And a lot of it depends on how the clinicians come on board, how the community reacts to our 
services. And we are feeling fairly confident about this. But any normal hospital, especially 
hospital of this size does have a certain ramp-up period. And we are planning for that but of 
course, we are hopeful for as fast as possible. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Limited. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So with respect to the addition of operating beds, maybe specifically for FY26-27, like with 
Noida getting added. Is there a scope to add more number of beds at Lucknow, at Patna maybe 
specifically for FY26-27, if you can just bridge the bed additions for next 12 to 24 months given 
the other projects are under construction phase? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. So if you look, Tushar, at our investor presentation, I think it's Slide #32, if I'm not 
mistaken. You will see that there is bed addition plan not only in Noida, but also in Lucknow 
and Patna over the course of the next, let's say 12 to 18 months. 
 
So we do expect to add approximately 1,000 beds across all of these 3 units in the next few 
months and years. And that doesn't include or maybe that's part of that also, we'll have our new 
110-bed facility, which we have just taken on board, I think, in January of this year, if I'm not 
mistaken in Ranchi, which is augmenting our existing 200-bed facility because we had some 
capacity constraints there and wanted to upgrade the technology and infrastructure. 
So the Ranchi facility, we hope to come on board this quarter itself in Q1 FY26 and then all the 
3 other facilities, Noida, Lucknow and Patna, should have bed additions as well. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. If you could elaborate on this Guwahati at your new addition in terms of location in 
first place for us and subsequently, what sort of investment specifically over next 1 year or 2 
year and then subsequently in terms of construction? While you have already highlighted the 
overall capex, but if you could just break that into, say, construction cost and land purchase cost? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. So we have been looking actually for land in Guwahati or in the Northeast region for some 
time. And I believe when we announced this as part of the governments Invest in Assam Summit 
or Initiatives, we have been able to get land from the government and to build out a 400-plus 
bed super specialty. We currently have been allocated 3 acres of land in Guwahati.  
I don't know how familiar you are with Guwahati, but this is on one of the main highways, which 
actually connects Guwahati to Meghalaya and Shillong as well. So it has a good drainage, not 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
only from the Guwahati region, from the upper Assam region as well as from parts of 
Meghalaya. So very well situated from that point of view. 
 
The project cost is about INR 30 crores to INR 35 crores is the cost of the land, and the total cost 
is approximately about INR 500 crores. And like with most greenfields that should take us about 
3 years or so to get going. So we have already triggered some of the planning as far as the clinical 
planning and the drawing activities for that. But of course, that will take some time. We just got 
the land, I think, in a month or so. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
We got the agreement from the government and now we have to get the registry done, we'll take 
the position after that. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. Just on this INR 500 crores for 400 bed given the locations is Guwahati, still  
INR 1 crore per bed sort of an investment, typically tier 2 city correct me if I wrong, this is not 
a Tier 2 city, but this typically takes lower bed cost, so any particular reason why the spending 
is much higher. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Tushar, we at least in Medanta ecosystem, if you have seen our kind of hospitals that we have 
built in Lucknow and Patna both from a civil, interiors and infrastructure point of view as well 
as in terms of the medical equipment that we put in there, whether it's the latest CT, MRI or in 
fact, the latest and most advanced LINAC machines, we have not compromised on any of the 
quality in these cities. 
 
So the basics of construction remain the same. Our belief is that we should be able to deliver 
this kind of standard of care and build out these kind of facilities. And in fact, one of the reasons 
why the government was very keen that Medanta come into that region as opposed to maybe 
many of the other options was exactly because they understood that when we go in, we bring a 
standard that is second to none, and we don't necessarily compromise on the quality of the facility 
that we put up just because it may be a city that is a non-metro city. 
 
So having this in mind, yes, there is a difference between the land cost in Guwahati, and say 
Delhi or Mumbai, and we've been fortunate to get land at very attractive rates, thanks to the 
scheme of the government. But the basic cost is more or less the same. I think today, if you build 
a hospital with any kind of standards like what we put up I think INR 1 crore or INR 1.2 crores, 
sometimes even going a little bit higher, is a typical cost, especially if you're going for bigger 
scale, you could possibly do it at less for a smaller 200-bed facility but this will be 400 beds and 
maybe even higher than that. So I don't think it's very different from building anywhere frankly. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. And just lastly, while you've outlined the overall INR 4,000 crore capex for the next 
5 years, but if you could really highlight the capex for FY26 and FY27? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, I'll let you Yogesh take. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Tushar, we haven't done a breakup year wise at present. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhawal Khut from Jefferies. 
Dhawal Khut: 
So I'm not sure if you covered it earlier, but I wanted to know the outlook for Lucknow hospital. 
Do you expect significant volume growth to continue? When are you adding additional beds into 
the unit? And did the quarter have any positive or negative impact because of Mahakumbh? And 
have you seen those impact reversing in the first quarter? How are the trends in April, so that's 
one? Second, needed data point, what's the census bed count in our developing hospital units. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay. So a couple of questions. Let me see if I remember all of those. I think the first question 
was around Lucknow, right? What was the growth on that? 
Dhawal Khut: 
Yes, the outlook, and when do you see adding more capacities within the unit? Do you see 
profitability being steady or improving and growth being higher than what we have seen or 
steady or any kind of adverse impact? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay. So if you recall our various quarterly presentations over the course of the last few quarters, 
you will, of course, remember that we had a little bit of a lower growth rates in Q4 and Q1 
specifically as Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year and some drag of that into Q2 to some extent 
of this year. And we had mentioned significant steps being taken to bring that unit back to the 
kind of volumes that we had seen earlier. 
 
So happy to report since Q3 - Q4, we see fairly strong performance in Lucknow, very good 
EBITDA margin profile, very good growth volumes, good amount of performance across all of 
that unit. So very happy with how that has played out over the last couple of quarters. Obviously, 
as you look at all the 4 quarters together, there's some impact of that on a year versus year basis. 
But we do see that growth having come back already, and we do see good opportunities as we 
move forward. 
 
We will be adding beds in Lucknow. We have a certain amount of beds to add in on various 
floors in our existing facility, which is already partially completely. We could be adding 
currently maybe mother and child additional number of beds, maybe adding some more beds for 
some of our transplant and complex specialties. I mentioned, I think Dr. Trehan may have also 
mentioned, we've added in pretty advanced equipment there in terms of robots. I think we've 
already done, within a period of about 6 months, we've done over 100 robotic cases, which is 
the highest number in the Lucknow area, I think, in a short period of time. And we continue to 
invest in clinical talent as well as technology there.  
So for us, we are not stopping anything in Lucknow, going full speed ahead with all of the 
activities there. And we do believe that there is good potential left in the city. We'll be adding 
an additional specialties also in the coming months and quarters. So there are certain specialties, 
we still don't have them. And we have plans to acquire clinical talent to be able to deliver those 
specialties as well. So that's the story with Lucknow.  
What was your second question, sorry, if you can remind me again? 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Dhawal Khut: 
Yes. So do you think your operations were impacted because of Mahakumbh during the quarter? 
Was there any delay in elective surgeries that you felt, that kind of impacted occupancy? And 
maybe that could have started to come in from April onwards? Or overall, you were neutral or 
you saw some benefit because of a lot of population coming into the UP region and Lucknow 
region also.  
So was there any kind of impact because of the entire population moving into this UP region out 
there? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I mean, I don't have any specific data that tells me people who are coming from Mahakumbh 
suddenly decided to also use it as an opportunity for any kind of health care experience. So I 
don't think it was positive in that way in terms of adding any great population inflow into the 
health care facilities. 
 
There is, of course, definitely some impact on these kind of festivals in terms of people having 
elective procedures. We see this pretty much every season where during, of course dengue and 
some of the seasonal diseases side, we see that during, say, the Diwali, Dussehra, Chhath Puja 
kind of time frame where the festivals are on. We do see some kind of dip in the elective 
procedures. 
And so to that extent, I guess, Mahakumbh also has more of a negative impact than a positive 
impact because of the population coming into the UP region, I think. But I don't think that I can 
tell you very specifically exactly what was the number of people who did not come or came 
because of Mahakumbh, I don't think we track that. But, yes, some movement across different 
weeks  travel constraints, etc, it does impact patient movement to some extent. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Got it. And lastly, just -- yes, data point, what on the developing hospital side. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So if you look at our census beds on the developing hospital side, we have about 600 or so beds 
in Lucknow and about 320 beds in Patna. So around 930 is the census beds for the developing. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, first question, matured hospital margins have come down on a year-on-year basis by 120 
basis points. Can you please call out the reasons for the same?  
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. So on a year-on-year basis, full year EBITDA margins in matured hospitals have increase 
from 24.5% to 24.8%, so nominal increase. But I think if you look at it at a macro level, its more 
or less stable. Of course, there is some fluctuation with respect to how we see the various 
specialties. 
So as we find certain specialties, which are maybe more heavy on material costs, they have some 
kind of an impact. Also to the extent that we did some hiring over the course of the last year or 
so, there is some amount of clinician cost and manpower cost that comes in. But broadly 
speaking, I would say that I would consider these to be more or less stable in nature, not much 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
difference between a 24.5% and 24.8%. But yes, maybe some amount of material cost increase 
a little bit between the years. 
Alankar Garude: 
And sir, in the presentation, Slide 26, it shows the margins have come down from 25.2% to 24%, 
that's why I've asked that question. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Just looking at 2 quarters in isolation doesn't necessarily, I think, give the whole picture because 
obviously certain specialties has some impact in certain months. It's not very, very crystal clear 
to look at Q4 versus Q4. I would say that a more realistic picture would be to look at full year 
versus full year. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Sir, just maybe 1 clarification there. No acquisition merger-related expenses have 
been accounted in that margin number, right? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, not in the EBITDA, that's comes below the EBITDA. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
So that's below the EBITDA, as an exceptional cost. 
Alankar Garude: 
Got it. And the other question was on Indore. I see the second hospital has not been included in 
our capex plan. So is it still possible to go ahead with that, or as a matter of precaution, we 
decided to kind of not include that in our current plan? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. Alankar, we had mentioned a couple of times that this hospital has gone from a nonbinding 
agreement some time ago. And I said that it was more appropriate to say that we just put it on 
the back burner from a disclosure point of view. 
We haven't terminated our conversations with that party, and we still maintain that there is a 
door open there for us to do it. I did also mention in some of our earnings calls, maybe one or 
two quarters ago that we are looking at alternatives as well. But I thought it was more appropriate 
for us to pull it out of the current disclosure to not mislead that this is something which is 
imminent because it will require kind of a revisit. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
And also since we don't have a very clear time line on the legal case, so we don't really know 
that whether it will happen in the next 4 years or not. So that's how we have taken it out and put 
it into the notes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, everybody, for your questions and for joining us today. Just to wrap up, as we step 
into our next phase of growth, we, of course, remain committed to our original philosophy of 
delivering the highest quality of care at the highest standard to the highest values, we believe 
that through this approach, we'll continue to expand our footprint in a responsible manner, invest 
in our people in a responsible manner and also continue to bring the highest quality and higher 
standard of infrastructure as close to the communities as possible.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Please do feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team in case there are any questions 
that remain unanswered. Otherwise, all the very best and thank you for joining. See you soon. 
 
Notes: 
1. 
Please refer to the revised Investor Presentation for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025 
Result uploaded on the website and stock exchanges on May 16, 2025. Also refer to slide no 13, 19, 22 and 26 of 
the presentation for the changes and also refer to the note “Matured and Developing hospitals numbers have been 
restated due to the merger of MHPL (Lucknow Unit) with GHL (holding company). The intercompany 
transactions between two companies were eliminated as per the requirement of accounting standards. The above 
script has been edited to reflect the updated numbers for Matured and Developing hospitals. 
2. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Global Health Limited 
 
