 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
                    
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call  
 
This has reference to our communication dated May 8, 2025 and pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 46(2)(oa)(iii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the transcript of the 
conference call held on May 8, 2025 on the Company's performance for the fourth quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2025, is attached herewith. The said transcript is also available on 
Company's website at: 
 
https://assets-prod.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Zee-Earnings-May08-2025.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal  
Company Secretary 
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Ashish 
Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2117, 
pseudonym=1334468598900485079gGu4B67ly5C
uy, 
2.5.4.20=1bae016adfa46bb588a685c7f2771bc2dc4
17f4500a4a36bf9dcb2b25f0928f6, 
postalCode=400064, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=2d484d33b95e6004b8529e3fc750f2
413e1a7b7b01ecb532e879129f4a45d565, 
cn=Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
Date: 2025.05.16 11:27:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Q4 FY’25 & FY’25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL  
May 08, 2025 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction with 
the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual representation 
of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be material errors, 
omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for 
clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, 
statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future 
business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” 
“seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, 
uncertain. These uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in such forward-
looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Zee Investor Relations team. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Amit Singh: 
Thank you, Yashasree. Hi, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 FY'25 earnings discussion. 
We have with us today our CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka, along with senior management 
team. We will start with opening remarks from Mr. Goenka, followed by 
commentary on operating and financial performance by Mr. Mukund Galgali, 
Deputy CEO and CFO. 
 
We will subsequently open the floor for question and answers. Before we get 
started, I would like to remind everyone that some of the statements made or 
discussed on today's conference call will be forward-looking in nature and must 
be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties we face. The company 
does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements publicly. 
 
With that, I will now hand the call to Mr. Goenka, thank you. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the company's performance during the fourth and final quarter of the 
financial year 2024-2025. The fiscal proved to be a mixed bag for the industry at 
large. While I will share the macro level insights into the company's performance 
during the year, Mukund will take you through the operational metrics of the 
quarterly performance. 
 
Let me begin by speaking about the industry performance during the financial 
year. Overall, the industry displayed immense resilience during the year by taking 
cautious steps forward and pivoting strategies to enhance revenue generation 
across segments. The key steps taken by companies including the channels pricing 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
revision, resulted in marginal subscription revenue recovery, contributing towards 
overall revenue growth. Largely, the focus remains on leveraging the unique levers 
across businesses to drive growth. 
 
Speaking about the company, I have indicated in the previous quarters that our 
focus has been firmly on enhancing profitability and building a healthy margin 
profile. The fiscal encompassed several action-oriented steps that led to steady 
growth and gains on the balance sheet. I'm pleased to share that the company is 
witnessing considerable progress year-on-year across key aspects, including a 
clear margin improvement, substantial reduction in ZEE5 losses and robust cash 
generation across businesses. Significant efforts were sown in to strengthen the 
business segments with the lens of quality content, optimization, and frugality. As 
a result, the company's performance during the financial year remained steady on 
the back of a sharp cost discipline exercised across the businesses. The new 
streamlined team, coupled with our focus on performance and profitability 
augured well for the company during the period. 
 
We are capitalizing on this strengthened foundation to drive future growth by 
balancing investments with a healthy margin profile. Our efforts remain directed 
towards sharpening the content, driving reach across platforms, and enhancing 
monetization through existing and newer avenues. As we progress forward into 
the new financial year, our aim is to further build on this momentum and 
strengthen the business. We will also be uploading a detailed presentation on the 
company's corporate website, which will give you a comprehensive insight into 
our strategic vision to achieve the next phase of growth cycle and the company's 
aspirations for the near future. 
 
The year culminated on a softer note with a weak macroeconomic sentiment 
flowing into the fourth quarter. The momentum for rural recovery did not pick up 
the pace we expected, resulting in a seasonally soft quarter. We witnessed a dip 
in advertising revenue growth and the aberration in subscription revenue 
numbers, but we remain hopeful of regaining the growth through targeted 
interventions going forward.  

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Like I mentioned, our focus has been to sharpen the content across platforms, and 
we remain enthused by the efforts invested in presenting quality content offerings 
to our consumers. During the quarter, we presented ‘Mini Series’ on Zee TV, an 
innovative finite storytelling format to address the evolving preference of our 
consumers. We also implemented a groundbreaking TV and Digital strategy for the 
premiere of Telugu film Sankranthiki, which clocked exceptional viewership 
numbers across linear and digital platforms. Going forward, we will continue to 
enhance our offerings to create and deliver quality content to fulfil our consumers' 
entertainment appetite on every screen. 
 
At a macro level, there are strong levers to drive growth in the new fiscal and the 
company remains well poised for the future. I continue to be optimistic about the 
opportunities in the new fiscal as well and our teams remain focused in this 
direction as we move forward. 
 
On that note, I would now like to hand over the session to Mukund, who will throw 
light on the key performance metrics reported by the company during the quarter 
and financial year. I look forward to interacting with all of you during the Q&A 
round later. Over to you, Mukund. Thank you. 
Mukund Galgali: 
Thank you, Punit. Good evening, everyone, and great to connect with all of you. I 
will briefly touch upon some of the key financial highlights of these results. 
 
While FY'25 was a challenging year for the industry, broadly driven by weak 
consumption. Despite this, our profitability has improved during the year, driven 
by various initiatives taken by the company. 
 
The linear ad spending environment continues to remain soft during the year, 
especially for general entertainment. As a result, our FY'25 ad revenues were 
down by 11%. During the quarter, it declined Y-o-Y due to continued slowdown in 
the macro advertising environment, busy sports calendar and a higher base in Q4 
FY'24. Despite this, going forward, we are continuing to look at ways to maximize 
ad revenues and will remain cautious in the near term on the pace of our ad 
revenue growth. We are also coming up with new strategies such as re-entering 
into FTA space, new genres, and markets to drive our ad revenue by further 
capitalizing on our content and reach. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Moving to subscription revenues. The impact of NTO 3.0 implementation and 
growth in digital subscription revenue have paved the way for growth during the 
year. And FY'25 subscription revenue is up by 7%. During Q4 FY'25, subscription 
revenue remained flat Q-o-Q due to a slowdown in the linear subscription, which 
was partially offset by the increase in digital subscription revenue. 
 
Further, from an industry backdrop perspective, the linear industry landscape 
remains in a healthy range with weekly impressions above 27 billion and weekly 
reach above 740 million. On the linear business front, we continue to be India's 
strong #2 TV entertainment network. Our viewership share during FY'25 was 
16.8%. Encouragingly, our efforts to regain viewership share of Zee Marathi have 
shown some uptick during the year. In Q4 FY'25, our viewership share dropped by 
20 basis points Y-o-Y due to the busy sports calendar, which was absent during the 
same period in the last year. 
 
Now coming to the digital side, during this quarter, Sankranthiki Vasthunam and 
Mrs surpassed many OTT viewership records, underscoring our commitment to 
delivering high-quality and engaging content. This also reaffirms ZEE5's healthy 
KPIs for usage and engagement. 
 
ZEE5 revenue for the quarter was also aided by a revised pricing strategy in 
language packs driving subscriber growth in addition to a sale of non-exclusive 
rights of a movie Viduthalai Part 2 in March '25. Further, during the year, ZEE5 
EBITDA loss has reduced by INR 5.6 billion to INR 5.5 billion from INR 11.1 billion 
in FY'24. That is about 50% reduction in the EBITDA loss Y-o-Y. This is in line with 
our strategic priorities, and this also reiterates that we remain sharply focused on 
maintaining a balanced cost structure and driving return on investments to sustain 
our long-term growth. And that rigor also applies to how we assess and evaluate 
each revenue opportunity. 
 
On the music business, Zee Music Company continues to be the #2 music channel 
driven by its new-age music catalogue and rich library with over 18,000 songs and 
garnering over 164 million subscribers on YouTube and nearly 190 billion total 
video views during FY'25. Further, in the music business, our profitability remains 
fairly healthy. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Coming now to the movie business, during the year, Zee Studios released 20 
movies and achieved an all-time high in syndication revenue. During the quarter, 
other sales and services revenues were up both Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y on the back of 
such higher number of movies produced & released and syndicated. On a full year 
basis, other sales and services revenue was down as in the previous year we had 
a strong box office performance of Gadar 2, Bro, and King of Kotha. Given the 
nature of movie business, there is always going to be some peaks and troughs. 
 
Coming now to comment on cost and profitability, the team's efforts towards 
effective cost management across the businesses has led to a decline of 8% in 
overall operating costs during the year, resulting in a 390 basis point EBITDA 
margin improvement to 14.4%. While in Q4 FY'25, operating costs had increased 
by 14% Q-o-Q due to higher number of movie releases and ILT20. Profit after tax 
from continued operations for FY'25 was at INR 6,874 million and for Q4 it was INR 
1,886 million. 
 
On the balance sheet side, our focused efforts have enabled us to further 
strengthen our liquidity and financial position. During the quarter, we generated 
a strong FCF driven by optimization of working capital and tax refunds. The cash 
and treasury investments increased during the quarter and as of March '25 stood 
at INR 24.1 billion, which includes a cash balance of INR 4.9 billion, fixed deposits 
of INR 7.6 billion and investment in liquid mutual funds of INR 11.6 billion. Our 
content inventory continued to decline during the year, driven by optimized 
acquisition. March '25 content inventory advances and deposits were at INR 70.5 
billion, lower by INR 3.7 billion on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
Moving to FY'26. We remain firmly committed to our stated aspiration for the 
year-end and accelerating growth, profitability and cash generation continues to 
remain our priority. With this, I would like to hand it back to you, Yashasree. 
Moderator: 
We take our first question from the line of Kavish Parekh from Batlivala & Karani 
Securities. 
Kavish Parekh: 
So, we have demonstrated excellent cost control over the past few quarters with 
the benefits clearly reflected in our margins. However, given the current softness 
in advertising revenues and my expectation that ad revenues will likely remain 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
sluggish for a couple of quarters, I believe that any further margin expansion will 
depend largely on growth in this area. So, with that in mind, I would like to 
understand your approach to achieving 8% to 10% revenue growth and 18% to 
20% margins in FY'26? 
Punit Goenka: 
Mr. Parekh, I think there are two aspects to this. One being our re-entry into the 
FTA space, which did not exist last year. So, there is a completely new segment of 
free-to-air where we have re-entered. That should help us to get some part of this 
achieved. And then also our aspirations as I spoke in my opening remarks about 
the ‘Mini Series’ and what we intend to do with ZEE5, et cetera, will aid this growth 
factor that we are looking for. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Understood. And secondly, I would like to get an outlook on the movie production 
and distribution side of the business for the next year. 
Punit Goenka: 
We are looking at anywhere between 18 to 21 films that we will do next year. 
These will be largely handpicked on the basis of the content that resonates with 
the audiences as we have looked at in the last 1.5 to 2 years of what's working and 
what's not working. But in terms of additional investment, that doesn't require any 
further investments from our side. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Understood. And just as a follow-up to my previous question, you mentioned 
about initiatives that you are taking to sort of get back on the growth path on the 
advertising side. So far in 1Q, anything that is worth highlighting that is working 
well for you, something that you would like to highlight? 
Punit Goenka: 
Mr. Parekh, wait for the presentation to be uploaded. It will be uploaded by I think 
tonight or tomorrow morning itself. That will give you idea on what other areas 
we are entering into. And then quarter-on-quarter we will be reporting as to how 
what is fairing for us. So, let's not pre-empt that right now, otherwise the call will 
move from Q4 to those discussions. 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Umang Mehta: 
Punit, you mentioned about FTA. Actually, would it be possible to share what was 
the ad revenue from FTA before you all exited say two years back? 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Punit Goenka: 
Umang, you can look at the drop that we had when we exited in terms of our ad 
revenue, you'll get an idea, but we don't call out these numbers specific to 
channels and genres, so it will be difficult for me to call that out on a public call. 
Umang Mehta: 
Okay, do you expect ad revenues to grow this year? I mean, not putting a number, 
but at least the decline to stop in F '26? 
Punit Goenka: 
I certainly expect, as I said, I am an optimist and I do believe that advertising 
revenue, if it does not grow significantly, but it will certainly grow in the 
inflationary number that you have given in a high-single digit kind of stakes. 
Umang Mehta: 
And second one was on subscription. So, on a sequential basis, there is a drop in 
linear subscription. Anything particular that happened and what is outlook there 
for the next year? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, the only thing that has changed in the linear subscription is some of the churn 
that the pay TV platforms are seeing, both on cable and satellite front. So, we are 
addressing that through various of our other initiatives like OTT and some more 
brands that we have. But it's a work-in-progress. I don't think there is an overnight 
formula that we can fix it on. But we are working on it. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. And then the last one on ZEE5. So, you had a good kind of control on costs 
and losses have come down significantly. Going ahead, how do we look at this 
business? I mean, would you look to increase investments, increase growth, or 
would it be further reduction in loss for next year? 
Punit Goenka: 
I think any reduction in losses now will be on the back of revenue growth. There is 
not much meat left in us to try and cut costs, or if you understand what I'm saying. 
So, from that perspective, we will invest adequately as required to grow 
subscribers, both from an advertising perspective as well as from a subscription 
perspective. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, firstly, if I look at FY'25, the EBITDA margin has improved by almost 400 bps. 
But this is fully driven by moderation in losses of ZEE5, in fact, if I just exclude ZEE5 
revenue and EBITDA losses, the margins are actually down from 26 to 23 and ZEE5 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
revenue growth here is just 6% for this year. So, going forward, would it imply that 
improvement you are targeting 18% to 20% by exit of FY'26, this would come at 
the cost of growth in ZEE5? And follow-up there is, what are the active subscriber 
numbers of ZEE5 and how do they compare with let's say, Hotstar? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Sameer, as I said just earlier, that there is no more room for cost cutting, for 
expansion in the EBITDA margin. Anything that has to come now has to come from 
revenue growth and part of the revenue growth, even in FY'25 has come from the 
subscription revenue growth that we have seen. So, from that perspective, please 
don't expect any more cost cutting to be there on any vertical. We are pretty much 
at our optimal level of cost rationalization and workings.  
Sorry, what was the second question? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Active subscriber count in ZEE5 right now? 
Punit Goenka: 
We don't generally give that number, but we are in the top 3 active subscriber 
base compared to our competitors in the country. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
And Sameer, just to go back to the first point you made about your conclusion on 
linear, please keep in mind that the advertising and subscription revenue, the 
linear business fundamentally has very high degree of operating leverage. A lot of 
what you see play out in terms of advertising, macro-led compression shows there. 
And the reverse of this is also true when the growth comes back. So, it's not really 
a structural conclusion to draw on the underlying cost structure margin of the 
business. It's just that that business has very high degree of operating leverage and 
it just flows through to margins. That is why you are seeing what you are seeing. 
Nothing to do with underlying health of the business. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. I understand that. Sir, second question, if I might squeeze in, on the Star 
arbitration case. Now I believe that there's a lot of uncertainty, but whatever you 
can answer, please, it will help. Now with the merger with Jio and Star completed, 
and you are now dealing with a different party in this, is there a possibility for an 
out of court settlement approach here? And if so, what could be the financial 
implications of that strategy? 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Punit Goenka: 
Sameer, this is very early days. But we are open to all possibilities that are available 
to us, both legal and non-legal in terms of out of court settlement et cetera, but 
very early for us to comment there at all. Vikas, anything you want to comment? 
Vikas Somani: 
No, that's pretty much that's what we have said and it's still a long way to go. We 
will get to know the outcome. But as PG said, we are definitely open and we are 
working on deploying all the strategies, legal or non-legal. 
Sameer Gupta: 
 If my memory serves right, the outcome is expected by early next year. Is that 
correct? 
Punit Goenka: 
That's correct. Yes.a 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. Sir, my question is on the other expense run rate of this quarter. So, if I look 
at the number, it is at about INR 87 crores. And historically, the run rate has been 
in the band of about the INR 130 crores to INR 150 crores. So just wanted to 
understand whether there is an element of one of which you would want to call 
out. 
Mukund Galgali: 
So Jinesh, in respect of the other expenses, there has been certain recoveries of 
bad debts, so which have been provisions made earlier, which have been reversed, 
which are no longer required, which has resulted into this reduced other expenses 
line item. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Can you call out the number? Is it possible? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
We're not calling out number, Jinesh, but this is just a reversal, which you typically 
have as you close the quarter when you run some provisions based on debtors and 
then that kind of stuff. So, it's not something material. We're not calling it off. You 
could go back and look at maybe last 3 quarters and work with that run rate when 
you are thinking from a modelling standpoint and so on. 
Punit Goenka: 
But you are right, Jinesh, to say that, yes, it is a one-off. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. And sir, secondly on ZEE5 EBITDA losses, I mean, that INR 75 crore number 
definitely, I mean, if I compare it with the previous quarter, there is a material 
reduction that has come true. So can you just highlight which cost areas have been 
realigned the most and would it be fair to assume that the reduction is basically 
driven by elements, except for the content cost, because I mean, content is critical 
for growth going ahead. So, I just wanted to know whether there has been any 
reduction on that side or not? 
Punit Goenka: 
So Jinesh, you have to look at it on an annualized basis. If you look at it on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, it could mislead you. There was an syndication of film 
that sits in the revenue so, the EBITDA loss reduction in this quarter and that's why 
you are seeing this INR 75 crore number and I think Mukund pointed out a movie 
called Viduthalai that we had sold outside. The annualized run rate is what you 
should look at, to give you a better sense of what ZEE5 is going to be going for. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
And just to add, Jinesh, like what you said through the course of this year and 
previous quarters, the same operating leverage sort of stuff works here, because 
cost has been largely streamlined, as you get incremental revenue that sort of 
plays through little bit. So, if you see this quarter, you've seen some lift which has 
come in in revenue partly because of syndication themes you spoke about, but 
partly also just the underlying subscription revenue growth based on the language 
that Mukund spoke about and so on. So that also helps in overall margin. So, it's a 
combination of both. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Just one last question from my side. I mean, is it possible to share what was our 
movie business revenue in FY'25 and what proportion of that comes from overseas 
territories like the U.S.? I just wanted to get some context on the tax that Trump 
had proposed on non- U.S. films. I know it might be slightly difficult to create at 
this point in time, but I mean, is it possible to give some kind of color on what is 
the contribution from overseas territories like U.S.? 
Punit Goenka: 
Jinesh, as I've been maintaining in multiple quarters in the past as well, please look 
at the business as a portfolio business and the U.S. or the international territories 
is a fraction of the overall revenue of any of our businesses. From that perspective, 
any impact to that is going to be miniscule from our perspective. We continue to 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
treat this business as a strategic because it is largely also feeding into our own 
ecosystem of television as well as OTT and music. Three verticals out of the 4 
verticals that movies business operates in is feeding into our own organization. So 
please look at it from that perspective and I don't think that it's going to have any 
material impact whatsoever. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Aditya Chandrashekar from UBS 
group. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Yes, just a quick question, more of a top down one. Post the JioStar merger, just 
wanted to understand what you are seeing on the ground in terms of ad rates and 
in terms of content costs. Are we seeing some impact of this consolidation on 
slightly higher ad rates or maybe a bit more rationalized content cost? Maybe not 
immediately, but kind of what are you looking at over the next 2-3 quarters as this 
consolidation kind of get absorbed and settled in? Just wanted to understand how 
we should think about overall kind of sector synergies post this consolidation. 
Punit Goenka: 
I think on the first part, on the advertising front, it’s still very early days, Aditya. 
But I do expect that eventually it will have a positive impact on the overall industry.
 
So, let's hope, keep our fingers crossed for the best. And as I said in my opening 
remarks, I'm an optimist, so I will expect this also to benefit us. We are already 
seeing a lot of benefit flowing in on the acquisition of content, probably not on the 
production yet, because production, as you know, is already a commoditized 
business that we operate at with multiple suppliers. But 
on 
acquisition 
of 
whether it is on films or the OTT business, we're already starting to see a lot of 
benefits flowing through for the entire industry. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Got it. And sorry, one follow-up. On the ad rate side, do you think that the merged 
entity of JioStar, they are kind of open to let ad rates go up? Or are they being a 
bit more competitive and aggressive, kind of keeping a status quo as of now? Or 
in other words, in near term, you do think that ad rates could go up, right, based 
on how they've been acting so far? 
Punit Goenka: 
I think we are all in this business for making money, right? So, I'm sure they will 
act in the interest for what is good for the industry. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Priyankar Sarkar from Square 64 
Capital Advisors LLP. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Sir, I just wanted to zoom in a bit on the Zee Music. So, what has been the growth 
for the music segment for the entire FY'25? That's point one. And second follow-
up to that is what is the capex we are planning to do in acquiring new content. 
Punit Goenka: 
So, I'll take the second one which is what I've stated publicly in the past as well. 
Whatever capex we incur for acquisition of content is on the basis of what we run 
through our P&L. So, if we run INR 100 through our P&L, then INR 100 is available 
to us for newer acquisitions. On the first part, Vikas, you want to take that? 
Vikas Somani: 
So, in terms of the growth overall on the music segment, we have seen a growth 
kind of tapering in single digits, the main reason being some of the homegrown 
streaming platforms have shut down, or they have slowed down. But if you strip 
them out of the equation and you see on a like-to-like basis on other platforms, 
the growth is pretty satisfactory. So, we are expecting all that to get settled or 
already would have settled in this year and from this year onwards, again, we are 
looking at the growth numbers inching up again. 
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Okay. Sorry, just one follow-up. Sir, to clarify my question for the second part, I 
wanted the capex number for the music division, at least an indication? 
Vikas Somani: 
Capex division, we don't call out the numbers separately, but as we said, whatever 
we are investing is flowing through the P&L and we make sure that we add enough 
adequate number of songs every year so that the library is refreshed and growing 
year-on-year. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Pankaj Mehendiratta from Bank of 
America. 
Pankaj Mehendiratta: 
Two questions from my side. First one on ZEE5, and Punit, commendable job on 
lowering EBITDA losses. What next from here? Do you have a target in mind, that's 
a breakeven in 4 quarters, 6 quarters? Anything that you would want to share? 
Punit Goenka: 
I think I had already taken that some time back that counting 2025, we were 
looking at a 3-year timeline in sort of breakeven. Given the softness in the market, 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
it may shift a little bit up or down, but it's not going to be significantly different 
from where we had and if there is any significant change to that we will, of course, 
come back to you and give you enough adequate time and guide you on that. 
Pankaj Mehendiratta: 
Understood. And Punit, any thoughts about adding a couple of more disclosures 
on the OTT side? 
Punit Goenka: 
We are already considering that, and you will see that in the presentation that we 
will be uploading very soon. 
Pankaj Mehendiratta: 
Sure, that's helpful. And the last question and while we appreciate that the focus 
is now on growth and revenues going ahead. So, when you break it down into both 
your advertisement and subscription, so what levers does management have in 
place, let's say barring the macro uncertainty, FMCG wants to deliver or not, a 
busy cricketing calendar season and all. So, what sort of growth levers do you 
perceive that would lead to let's say an 8%, 10% sort of continued growth for next 
2, 3 odd years? How do you want to think about that? 
Punit Goenka: 
we have to leverage our biggest strength, which is the language and that's where 
the growth will come from for both linear as well as for digital. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
First off, any change in our guidance that we have provided earlier, because I didn't 
find that in the presentation, 18% to 20% EBITDA margin next year, I mean, any 
specific. I mean, are we still sticking to that guidance, or is there any change in the 
timeline? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Abhishek, we are sticking to that same guidance. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
All right. Okay. So, thanks for the clarification. Second question is on linear 
subscription, you mentioned some churn, et cetera, which resulted in sequential 
decline. How are we seeing the market evolving? Are instances of cord cutting 
continuing? Is any stability in the number of pay TV households? And also, the 
appetite for the market to absorb further price hikes from there. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Punit Goenka: 
So, the price hikes, if you look at historically have been in single digits itself. The 
price hikes have not been very significant from that perspective. I think the churn 
is happening by a natural cause, but we are also still seeing the television 
penetration in India is still growing. Of course, a large part of that is going to free-
to-air and potentially not coming to pay TV. So, we are looking at the ecosystem, 
how it evolves over the next couple of years, but I'm pretty certain that it will 
stabilize at a certain level. Then whenever it comes to the pay TV subs, will stabilize 
and of course free-to-air will remain free-to-air. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. Final question on the fund utilization, INR 200 crore FCCB. Any plan, any 
target that we have identified, any timeline sort of when and where you want to 
deploy this Fund? 
Vikas Somani: 
So on that we are still evaluating a couple of assets as we speak, but we'll come 
back to you as soon as we find the right mix of the right valuation and give any 
assets which gives us the right scalable opportunities. There are few interesting 
assets which we are looking right now but haven't finalized yet. 
Punit Goenka: 
Biggest lever for us when we consider any asset, it has to be value accretive to us. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Navid Virani from Bastion Research. 
Navid Virani: 
And first of all, congratulations on cutting losses for ZEE5. So, just wanted 
clarification on revenue and profitability for ZEE5. So, if I understood correctly, 
what you meant to say in the answer in the previous questions was... 
Punit Goenka: 
We could not understand. 
Navid Virani: 
So wanted one clarification regarding revenue growth and profitability for ZEE5. 
So if I understood correctly what you answered in one of your previous questions 
was the revenue growth that we see in ZEE5 this quarter was also driven by 
syndication revenue, which is one of the nature and that resulted in a stronger 
profitability or a better loss ratio, which might not be steady state going forward. 
Is that understanding correct, sir? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Yes. That's partly correct. So just to be clear, even if you would have taken 
syndication out, you would have still had revenue growth, and you have still had 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
improvement in the margin journey. So, the only point I want to leave you with is 
it is not just a quarter-on-quarter improvement you are seeing both on growth and 
margins entirely because of that. Yes, the syndication deal is aided, but ex that 
there will still be improvement, both in terms of growth and margin. 
Navid Virani: 
Okay. So, is it fair to assume that the kind of losses that we saw in Q3 can continue 
to be steady state as far as ZEE5 is concerned until some more time? 
Punit Goenka: 
Our aspiration, Navid, is going to be to reduce those losses of that on the basis of 
bringing more growth in terms of revenue growth on advertising and subscription. 
But if you wanted to model it from your perspective in your business case, yes, 
that's a safe assumption to go with. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Mayur Awasthi, an individual investor. 
Mayur Awasthi: 
As we have seen in past 2 quarters that our advertising revenue declined. So, what 
do you foresee in the coming 2 quarters might be our advertising revenue will take 
off suit? And my second question is related to any like this is apart from Q4, but 
considering the whole year for FY'25, there was some case that our competition 
in the market is again streaming on and our prices in the market has also gone very 
down. So, is there any case that a promoter is looking to increase the stakes? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, on your first question on advertising, the market is still under pressure. Very 
difficult for me to project when the market will start bouncing back. But we do 
expect that the bounce-back will start very soon, post the cricket calendar end for 
the entertainment network. The second part, you mean it's about the pricing and 
promoter wanting to increase stake? 
Mayur Awasthi: 
Yes. And see, we have a very competitive advantage as compared to the overall 
market. However, I mean, like it impacts the prices if the stock goes down, right? 
Any which case, however, it is not the true reality. But if that is the case, then 
might be it will show some other picture. 
Punit Goenka: 
No, the promoter has always stated publicly that they would want to increase their 
stake at a certain stage going forward. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited                                                           May 08, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Mayur Awasthi: 
Understood, but just wanted to know that it was been told previously, but in the 
coming quarters or in FY'26, is there any possibility to really come on that? 
Mukund Galgali: 
So, Mayur as and when the Board decides and there is an update, we will let you 
know as soon as possible. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Umang Mehta: 
Just on ZEE5, if you can elaborate on what change did you all do for the regional 
market and how salient are the kind of genre for ZEE5, any color you can give? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, we've had a strategic shift in terms of our pricing for the language markets. 
Earlier we were selling only one pack, which was all you can eat across languages. 
And through our own research, we realized that the consumer feels that because 
their consumption is largely restricted to 1 or 2 languages, they are being cheated 
in terms of what we are charging them. And therefore, we have redesigned the 
entire pricing strategy, which was launched in December. 
Mukund Galgali: 
 In December. So, the results are visible in this quarter. 
Punit Goenka: 
The results are already visible as Mukund said. And yes, so that's what we intend 
to do. 
Umang Mehta: 
And I mean, how big, if not numbers, but qualitatively? Is it that the regional 
genres are dominant for the ZEE5? 
Punit Goenka: 
See, Umang, what happens is that content consumption is uniform across 
platforms as I look at it. The way the television market behaved, eventually the 
OTT market will behave the same way. Now whether that happens in one quarter 
or that happens in 2 years-time, we have to wait and watch and transform 
ourselves from that perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On behalf 
of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
