                                                                   
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146  Fax:+91 11 26383963 
                                                                  
 
Date: 08th May 2025  
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
 
   Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q4 FY’25 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma'am, 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 25th April 2025 regarding the Conference Call of the 
Company, which was held on Friday, 02nd May 2025 at 4:00 P.M. (IST), please find enclosed herewith a 
copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available on the Company’s website at 
https://newgensoft.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary & Head-Legal 
 
 
  Encl.: a/a 
 
Aman Mourya
Digitally signed 
by Aman Mourya 
Date: 2025.05.08 
14:35:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DIWAKAR NIGAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR– NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MR. T.S. VARADARAJAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR– 
 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD, INVESTOR 
 
RELATIONS – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ADITI PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Please note that the transcript has been edited for accuracy purposes 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, Aditi. 
Aditi Patil: 
Thank you, Pooja. Good evening, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call of Newgen 
Software Technologies. It's my pleasure to introduce the senior management team of Newgen. 
We have with us today Mr. Diwakar Nigam, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. T. S. 
Varadarajan, Whole Time Director; Mr. Virender Jeet, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Arun 
Gupta, Chief Financial Officer; Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
I now hand over the call to Ms. Deepti for further proceedings. Thank you, and over to you, 
Deepti. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you, Aditi. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Deepti Mehra Chugh, Head, Investor 
Relations, Newgen Software Technologies Limited. And I welcome you all to the Q4 FY '25 
results of the company. 
 
Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain certain forward-
looking statements concerning Newgen's future business prospects and profitability, which are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and the actual results could materially vary from 
the forward-looking statements. Past performance may not be indicative of future performance. 
The company does not undertake to make any announcements in case any of these forward-
looking statements become materially incorrect or update any forward-looking statements made 
from time to time by or on behalf of the company. 
 
For further details, you may please refer to the Investor Relations section of our website. I will 
now hand over to Mr. Varadarajan for presentation of the results which will be followed by a 
Q&A. Thank you. 
T. S. Varadarajan: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report our 
results for full year and Q4 of FY '25. FY '25 was a year of healthy revenue growth and margin 
expansion for Newgen. We witnessed revenues of INR1,487 crores, leading to a growth of 20% 
Y-o-Y. The year unlocked new opportunities for us, identifying fresh revenues for expansion.  
 
We witnessed strong growth in our license and implementation revenues. License revenues 
witnessed a growth of 41% Y-o-Y. This is expected to generate further downstream revenues 
moving forward. Implementation revenues grew by 25% Y-o-Y. For the year, our annuity 
revenues were at INR834 crores comprising of 56% of our revenues. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Our business model is well diversified across geographies, with each geography meaningfully 
contributing to our growth. APAC has been the highest growth market for us during the year, 
witnessing a 59% YOY growth. 
 
The year witnessed some landmark wins in banking and in the government sector for records 
management in the region, strengthening our market position further. India and EMEA continue 
to be the largest contributors to our revenues. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, 
banks are facing increased pressure to adopt AI, automation and data revenue decision making. 
 
With adoption of Newgen solutions, banks are able to enhance business volume, improve 
operational efficiency and provide better customer experiences. Our efforts have started yielding 
results in US region also. The region witnessed a strong growth of 20% Y-o-Y in the revenues 
and we have seen some early success with deal wins, especially in the insurance sector in the 
last quarter of the year. 
 
We expect these early wins to open the door for broader regional adoption. Continuing with our 
emphasis on catering to larger scale clients and those who significantly contribute to our 
business. We saw an increase in the number of customers with billing over INR5 crores from 
the last -- from the 65 of the last year to 87 in the current year. Moreover, we added 62 new 
logos during the year. 
 
Coming to our product, we embraced AI as a core enabler transforming it into a tool that 
augments human intelligence, automating classification, extracting insight and streamlining of 
workflows. As part of our AI-first strategy, we are making significant investment in AI-driven 
products and solutions. We are moving towards conversation, agentic frameworks where voice 
will play a central role. By leveraging AI, we can help boost productivity, decision quality and 
even employee engagement with these enterprises systems. 
 
During the year, we have launched our groundbreaking AI agents, LumYn, Harper, and Marvin. 
LumYn is a growth intelligent agent. Harper is a conversion intelligence agent to boost 
engagement and sales. Marvin is a productivity agent for task automation and efficiency 
enhancements. These products are designed to deliver cost-effective and cost-efficient -- 
efficient value while prioritizing transparency and governance. 
 
These agents have already demonstrated their potential through several promising and rich use 
cases. Some of our compelling use cases include an AI-based case management solution to 
streamline, automate and enhance the management of cases. These would be extremely critical 
in reducing the processing time significantly across knowledge industries and regulatory 
authorities and so on. 
 
Another interesting use case based on our AI agent LumYn includes an AI-first early warning 
system for corporates, financial institutions and SMEs which has been designed to proactively 
monitor and identify potential risks such as credit default, fraud, liquidity issues or systemic 
threats in order to take pre-emptive action. These systems use machine learning, data analytics 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
and real-time monitoring to detect warning signs from various data sources across around 1,500 
parameters at account and borrower level. 
 
In the insurance sector, we are working in the agentic work space for underwriting and claim 
processes to enhance the decision-making and making it more straight through by clearing 
anomalies in exception, underwriting cases, data-driven models for faster, more accurate and 
more consistent decisions. We anticipate further growth and innovation in AI-led journey as we 
build upon these use cases and successes. 
 
We have provided to a vertical first go-to-market focusing on various journeys, clusters on the 
basis of their revenue potential, product maturity, investment and portability across geographies. 
Newgen's transformative growth vision include targeting banking at scale across these regions 
and expanding in insurance and government segments. We are also strengthening our 
partnership with advisory firms, system integrators and independent software vendors. 
 
In Q4, Newgen has been named A Leader in The Forrester Wave Content Platforms report Q1 
2025. NewgenONE Contextual Content Services received the highest possible scores in 10 
criteria including metadata, search, content migration, life cycle management, intelligent data 
extraction, document generation and digital process automation. The report recognized that 
Newgen continues its solid innovation strategy with a focus on AI automation and app design 
capabilities. 
 
Our culture of innovation, combined with deep domain expertise is what truly differentiates us. 
Out of our global workforce of over 4,600 professionals, we have more than 600 people scanning 
-- spanning product development, AI engineering, domain consulting. During the year, we have 
added senior leadership talent to strengthen go-to-market, delivery and innovation capability 
also. We are proud to be recognized as a Great Place To Work. This certification is a certification 
-- is a testament to our unwavering dedication to fostering and empowering dynamic work 
culture, where our people thrive and deliver outstanding results. 
 
Coming to profits and margins. We delivered healthy growth in profits and expanded margins 
during the year. Profit after tax was at INR315 crores which is 21% of revenues. We continue 
to prudently invest in R&D and sales and marketing activity. During the year, we have invested 
nearly 10% of our revenues in R&D initiatives and around 21% of revenues on the various sales 
and marketing activities. On the balance sheet front, we witnessed robust cash flow generation 
with our net cash generated from operating activities for the year at INR215 crores. We have 
declared a dividend of INR5 per share. 
 
Looking at Q4 results, we crossed quarterly revenues of INR400 crores for the first time. We 
witnessed 15% Y-o-Y growth in the quarter to reach the revenues of INR430 crores. Our profit 
after tax reached INR108 crores in this quarter. We are excited about the future and expect to 
continue to maintain the growth momentum with our unique solutions in the financial services, 
insurance, government sector and innovation in AI-led journeys. These solutions and our results-
based services help our customers with their revenue enhancement, optimization and efficiency 
improvements. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Our strategy is built around the full life cycle of our users. And that journey-led mindset is paying 
off in stronger engagement, retention and growth. While we remain mindful of the broader 
market conditions, we are confident in our ability to continue delivering value to our customers 
and shareholders. That's all. Thank you very much, and we are now open for the question and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Ruchi Mukhija: 
First, if I look at the annuity revenue mix, it's been trending down even when I look at the annual 
number. Could you help us understand why we are trailing behind or why the annuity revenue 
mix is trending down? 
Virender Jeet: 
Ruchi, thank you for your question. You're absolutely right. What -- the growth on this year, 
especially this quarter, has been predominantly on license and implementation. And as you 
understand, the annuity revenue is typically a downstream revenue. And in our last quarter, we 
had clearly mentioned that some of our larger deals have delayed annuities kicking in. And we 
had given a projection that by Q3, Q4 of this year, we should be able to restore our healthy 
annuity growth rate. So it's a temporary phenomenon. We don't see as a normal, but the business 
automatically compounds annuity. There is not a question about that. 
 
But yes, in the short term, so the license growth rates and the implementation growth rates are a 
higher side, we don't see the annuity growth rates up proportionately. We do think that in next 2 
quarters, we should be back on the track so that the growth rates can be restored on those annuity 
side of it. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Secondly, if we look at the growth number this year, we saw a successive growth moderation 
for FY '25. Q1 we had 25% growth rate. Now we are ending Q4 with 15% Y-o-Y top line growth. 
So when you look into the deal wins, what do you see the near- to medium-term growth that 
Newgen can have? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So while you look at the 15% growth, this is a large quarter for us. And if you look at our 
deals and momentum, I think this has been one of the very good years for us. In fact, we have 
won 62 large logos this year and which is significantly much higher than in previous years. Not 
only that, our -- some of the challenges in the U.S., they have been addressed in Q4 with almost 
10 large deals in coming from U.S. and APAC can grow. On India and Middle East, which are 
primarily large markets. I think we just recall that last year, our growth rates were almost 40% 
in the Q4. So relatively, their growth this quarter was muted. 
 
But going on, in terms of looking at number of deals which we have won, the larger license 
growth of 41%, we do -- we're confident that downstream revenues will start kicking in. And 
the way the market currently is shaping and in spite of uncertainties, since our revenues are 
pretty diversified. They are now equally -- APAC is playing a very important role in the revenue. 
It has reached a significant number. India, Middle East continue to be large markets for us and 
U.S. kicking in. We are still positive to maintain a growth momentum going into next year. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Aditi Patil: 
My first question is on EMEA market. what -- specifically in Q4, what has led to year-on-year 
decline in EMEA? Was there any unexpected ramp down? 
Virender Jeet: 
No, Aditi, not really. I think we see -- I think this is -- Q4 is a very large market. And I said last 
year, we had like a 40% growth. And a lot of them were license deals. This year, I think we 
missed some of the deals coming, which were about to come in Q4. And that is the number.  
 
Since on a quarterly basis, and when you divide the whole annual number to quarterly and then 
you also divide by regions, few deals make huge difference in performance. They are not the 
true reflection of the market is behaving. We have not lost any major deals. We have just been 
able to close less number of license, which were anticipated to be closed. That is it. So there's 
no -- nothing bigger than that in that. 
Aditi Patil: 
So do we expect these license deals to close in like Q1 or Q2 of FY '26? 
Virender Jeet: 
We do hope that. We do hope that, but unless the deals come in, we are all waiting. But yes, the 
market is still -- we got -- this is a strong market for us, especially in government and financial 
services. We expect the growth momentum to continue out there. And we have built some very, 
very large deals in last year. Some of them should surely come up in Q1, Q2. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And I have a follow-up on the question, which Ruchi asked. So if we see for Q4, 
the support revenue has dipped Y-o-Y. So if -- I understand like the support revenue run rate 
should continue like because, I mean -- can you just help us understand why the support revenue 
has dipped? 
Virender Jeet: 
It's a marginal dip. I think it is a kind of a correction in certain accounts. We have some -- in 
terms of quarterly adjustments. We are still looking -- working with the customer to get those 
revenues back. But right now since they were held by the customer for a particular Y-o-Y. So 
again, if you look at it on a quarterly basis, a single deal or a single case makes the difference in 
the revenue. We don't read too much into that. And we... 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. So, like, we haven't seen like a drop on Y-o-Y basis in support revenue since FY '22. So 
that is why I was curious to know, like, does it mean that the client has not renewed or support, 
or is not going to renew them further? 
Virender Jeet: 
See sometimes the timing of the contract happens. Sometimes there's an adjustment or 
sometimes there are also -- see also there is an element of churn in the business anyway. But 
those churns are in a minor 1% or 2%. So they are not the effect. So there is no major change or 
a major loss of client. So it is more about adjustments or more about in terms of the timing of 
the deal happening of renewal. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And on the implementation revenue. So for Q4, we did see a strong growth both 
in Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y. So does it mean that the deals which were stretched for our Indian PSU 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
banking clients, the implementation that was stretched, that is progressing well. And so when 
should we expect a major part of that to get completed? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So, I think we had a strong implementation revenues projected coming into Q4. We are still 
in the process of executing some of those projects. I think most of them will be in the more final 
stages in Q3, Q4 of this year. And that is where we're hoping to kick in the more support revenues 
and the ATS revenues we should get. 
Aditi Patil: 
And can you remind us what is -- typically what is the percentage of support and implementation 
revenue as compared to -- sorry, support and AMC revenue as a percentage of your license 
revenue? 
Virender Jeet: 
So there's -- so basically, ATS/AMC have direct correlation. They're somewhere between 18% 
to 22% of our revenue when they kick in. Support is depending on more about complexity of 
engagement. So clients could have disproportionate. So clients could have a support team of 5 
or they could have a 50 support team. That's more to do with the kind of work and where they 
are rolling out. So it does not have a direct correlation. 
Aditi Patil: 
And can you share the order book number as of end of FY '25. How much it has grown? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think at the end of FY '25, our order book stood at -- yes, it is INR1,664 crores. The order 
books don't give the complete picture. I think the way we look at it is we look at order book and 
the unexecuted order book, which is going into the next year. I think we expect a more healthy 
growth on the unexecuted order book side going into the next year which results in more business 
and control, which is typically either renewals or unexecuted order book. So we are seeing 
growth of more than 20% in the business and control part of our business. 
Aditi Patil: 
So can you share what has been the unexecuted order book number? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think Deepti can share those numbers accurately. I don't have right now on that, but she can 
share it for the next -- last 3 years. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay, sure. And last one on -- so we have seen a moderation in the banking revenue -- we have 
seen a strong growth in banking for last few quarters. And now we are seeing the growth 
moderating. So is it because for our large clients in India and EMEA we have implemented our 
key solutions and the demand is now saturated. Can you share growth outlook going forward 
over here? 
Virender Jeet: 
You're absolutely right. I think you're seeing this year, there's a higher jump in insurance and 
government growth and banking growth is more at, I think, 11%, 14% of growth, if I'm correct, 
15% growth in banking rather than close to 20%. And you are right, I think last 2 years, there's 
a huge momentum around public sector spending on banking, especially also on the digital 
lending side, which we are trying to do in both India and Middle East. 
 
Some part of that has been serviced, but still the unserviced part is very, very large. I think it's 
still -- since our growth rates last year were very high, and we are still in process of executing 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
some, we see slightly muted. We don't see that for the next few years, still banking is going to 
be the predominant growth driver for the company, while insurance and government will start 
taking up some market share where we can do -- we're going to have accelerated growth. 
 
But for the company to grow, we still expect the banking to do extremely well. We have cases 
going forward, both in India, Middle East this year. And we don't see a challenge there to 
maintain the growth momentum. I think this current year saw 15% growth vis-a-vis 20% growth 
in banking, I would still treat as an anomaly rather than the -- that is the trend going forward. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. So can you talk in a bit detail about the unserviced part or like which client segment or 
which solutions comprise this? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, I think while -- even on the core product of lending, we have covered most of the public 
sector and maybe some Tier 1 banks. There's a huge set of markets still, which is typically doing 
second generation of transformation on those products. So private banks are available to us. And 
then there's a large list of, what we call, finance companies or NBFCs, which are there. Last 
year, we got around 6 of them. There are still in India, roughly around 30 more which is an 
addressable market for us. 
 
Beyond that, we sold some of things like payments and trade in some Tier 1 accounts. So there's 
a huge probability of multiplying those businesses across all -- both in India as well as in Middle 
East. So I would say continued momentum on lending, plus more to do in payments and trade 
in Tier 1 banks is going to provide a wider market for us and then supported by the deals which 
we can do in financial non -- what you call, NBFCs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Yes, just one on the broad revenue and revenue outlook, considering the overall macro situation, 
any pockets of headwinds that we are particularly seeing in terms of the delays. So we've seen 
certain delays coming out in our SaaS and also in some of our licenses. So any headwinds that 
you'd like to call out for FY’26? 
Virender Jeet: 
Sorry, I think there's a lot of disturbance. Again if you can go ahead. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Yes. Is this any better? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you. So, Pranav, I think as you were rightly saying, I think right now, the whole -- 
everything is pretty uncertain, and we don't know how things are going to shape. Having said 
that, as I said, we are pretty diversified. There's not a single market or a single client segment on 
which we are dependent. And some of our markets do seem to be less affected initially. I think 
our markets like India are less affected right now. 
 
We are also working in APAC. And the third thing is the financial services companies where we 
are dealing predominant and insurance. They probably have second degree impact and third 
degree impact. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
So we are -- in the beginning of the year in our planning stage, we are clearly driving for growth 
this year. We don't see any larger challenges hitting our way. Having said that, I think we'll be 
cautious. We'll be assessing situation every quarter. But as of now, in the beginning of the year, 
we are looking at our historical growth rates and trying to do better than that. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Agree. Also, just doubling down again on the growing the SaaS business. So we expect SaaS to 
recoup some of the slower growth in FY '26 considering some of the deal pipeline and that we 
have been building in base as well as marketing teams in U.S.? 
Virender Jeet: 
No, I don't see that. I think some of the momentum, which has come in U.S. and also momentum 
in other geos like Australia and U.K. should push the SaaS revenue up. And we are hopeful that 
I think in next year, we should do a better number on SaaS. So SaaS is, again, it's a kind of where 
we are providing both software service on cloud. But beyond that, our license deals are 
equivalent to SaaS deals. So in U.S., we are doing a combination. Some Tier 1 accounts are 
looking at even license deals, but mostly are looking at SaaS. So any growth in U.S., Australia, 
U.K. and even some in other markets is trending towards SaaS. So I don't see any challenge in 
SaaS business per se next year. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Great. Sir, just also one on the margins aspect. So we are really right now exiting Q4 on a high 
note. How would you see margins trending over for the next year? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, I think we have been always maintaining this. For our company, we always operate for 
higher growth mode. So we initially upfront, we have cost loaded. And somewhere between 
16% to 18% is what we load cost in the beginning of year as a part of the plan. So any growth 
which we hit in above 20%, our market -- margins should keep on expanding. 
 
And I think unless we are more aggressively able to invest in growth. But in any eventuality, we 
fall below 17%, 18% of growth, we may have flat margins or contracted margins. So margin is 
a function of our business. We have at a gross level about 64% margins. So as long as we can 
maintain a healthy growth rate, the margins will keep on expanding. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Finally, on the expected tax rate for FY '26. So Q4, we exited with around 23% and Q3, we had 
about 16.5%. So some color on that. 
Virender Jeet: 
So this is the base now. I think it's because of the SEZ full benefits and now partial benefits 
coming in. Now the current base of 23% is going to be the likely base which will continue going 
forward. And so last year, we had roughly around 17.5%, I think more close to 18% tax. This 
year, we are operating at 23%. So this is the new base. I don't think it can never go back unless 
we have some change in government policies. So this is going to be the new norm on operating 
at 23% tax. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshat Agarwal from Jefferies. 
Akshat Agarwal: 
I have 2 questions. Firstly, a follow-up on one of your other participant's questions where you 
said that we should take about a couple of quarters for the annuity revenue growth to come back 
to double-digit levels or mid-teens levels? So if the first half is going to be in single digits and 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
annuity forms a bulk of your revenue portion, is it fair to expect that you would be able to grow 
20% in FY '26? That's the first question. 
 
Secondly, when I look at the region-wise margins, India margins have gone down from mid-20 
levels to 15% levels in FY '25 versus FY '24. What will be the key reasons for this? Those are 
the 2 questions. 
Virender Jeet: 
Akshat, nice talking to you again. So, Akshat, what is -- the issue is while I'm saying annuity 
margins recovery is we are talking of where all our ATCs start kicking in back and the support 
revenues start coming in. While that is happening, we still are selling aggressively more licenses 
and more deals. So like in this quarter, also in previous quarter, we have continued to sell more 
licenses and our license growth rates are 40%. I do hope that while the annuities take some time 
to pick up, our new deals and our -- what we call deals in existing accounts should be able to 
compensate for that, and we should be able to maintain a healthy growth momentum on that. 
 
On the region-wise margin, it's the same function. I think India has not grown at the pace we 
expected it to grow. It's more like a growth rate of, I think, 14%, 15% this year, while the cost 
in India has grown at 17%, 18%. So there's a margin contraction out there. But yes, so I think 
it's, again, at the beginning of the year, if you take a call again this year, we will be taking a call 
of growing our cost at 16%, 17%. 
 
But we are planning that India should be able to go back to the 20% or above 20% growth mark. 
So I think these are momentary things. But I don't think annuity holds us back for the larger 
growth. I think what -- if you look at Q4 phenomena about growing at 15%, is a function of also 
very high growth rates last year on Q4, plus the annuity things not kicking in, in terms of some 
of the larger deals. 
 
I don't think both of the problems are in Q1 and Q2. Q1 and Q2 are relatively smaller quarters 
for us. Large deals can -- new license deals can compensate for a lot of growth rates and 
slowdown in the annuity side. And in the meantime, also, we are looking at multiple ways to 
enhance the support revenue stream and enhance the ATS support. So we are looking at rate 
revisions. We are looking at again price renegotiation in certain cases. This should also give a 
few percentage points going into next 1 or 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Heenal Gada from UBS. 
Heenal Gada: 
So a couple of questions. We have seen that quarter 4 is typically a stronger quarter in terms of 
license revenue booking, but we don't see this panning out in the current quarter. And I'm 
cognizant that quarter 3 was a good quarter in terms of these bookings, but then is there any 
other reason which has attributed to this deceleration? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think on a Q4 basis, it has been always a strong quarter for us as a percentage of annual revenue. 
So this year also, if you look at our annual revenues and divide cross quarters, Q4 is the largest 
quarter for us. So it has grown. The challenge has been that Q4 last year has grown at 40%, both 
on Y-on-Y and also sequentially to a very large number. When it comes to license sales, I think 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
if you look at this year license sale Q4 to Q4, let me look at this number, we have grown at 31% 
Y-o-Y on the license sale. So license sale momentum has kept up. 
 
The point we were discussing about some of the annuity streams have not caught up with that 
same thing, which is to do with our -- in terms of our ability to execute large projects and make 
them live. So it's a momentary challenge. We think in a couple of quarters, we should be able to 
see that. But, however, you can clearly see our deal momentum in Q4 are the highest. I think 
this is probably the highest. We have gone up to INR97 crores of license sales, which is our 
highest ever license sale. And in Q3 was very strong at INR93 crores or something like that. 
Heenal Gada: 
And so a follow-up to that. So you mentioned the implementation, which got delayed, which has 
kind of impacted our revenues. Are there any corrective measures which need to be taken from 
our side probably to avoid the same in the future? Like, if you could just help us understand 
what exactly has caused this delay? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So okay. It's a longer story. I think if you look at a couple of years back, I think last 1.5 
years, we've entered into much larger deals, which is more traditionally and there are also deals 
which are more complex and more large, in which the downstream revenues, which typically 
start accumulating after the projects complete, finish, have started got delayed. Our typically 
projects used to be 6, 7 months. Now they are 1.5 years to 2 years. So that's -- it was a part of 
great wins, and then this is the impact of that. 
 
What is happening right now in most of these projects in next 2, 3 quarters, we are towards more 
closure of those projects. We are almost now closing at the same time. And the next stage of 
large deals are also coming at a faster execution cycle because now we have done most of them. 
We are trying to compress the time line. So this is a function. It's a onetime impact, which came 
to our business. And it was a bit of a surprise because we assume that annuity automatically 
compounds, did not compound. And we do hope that as soon as our projects get live, we should 
be able to restore most of that revenue coming from those clients. 
Heenal Gada: 
Sure, sir. And so in the current quarter, we saw a couple of large deals being closed in the U.S. 
So I just wanted to understand what is the strategy that we are using here? And what is the 
potential opportunity that we're looking in this geography? Maybe if you could give some time 
lines? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, so Heenal, so in the U.S., we have been investing very aggressively for a long -- in a long 
time. We created a strategy with one of the consulting firms to address 3 segments: banking, 
health insurance and insurance market. We had hired -- at the beginning of last year, we hired 
complete teams to drive these markets. And now we are getting the early results of that, we have 
broken into cases this quarter in enterprise. We have broken into health insurance. We have 
broken into insurance and then also a large deal from bank. So almost all 4 areas have fired this 
quarter and resulted in deals. 
 
So in fact, this was the first quarter we got 10 deals from U.S. and some are very marquee deals. 
Now that we have got these wins, we expect now the growth rate and the momentum to continue 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
building. But we'll have to wait for a few quarters seeing how consistently we can go. We are 
hoping that next year, U.S. should be our growth driver. And the market for us out there, the 
global area we are targeting. 
In banks, we are targeting roughly around 80 large banks. We have pivoted away from the largest 
set of 1,000 banks. Similarly, in insurance there are 120 companies. And again, in the health 
insurance, we are another 40 to 60 companies. This is a universe we are targeting and we are 
trying to build much deeper relationships and build a multiyear contracts with these kind of 
customers. Does that answer your question? 
Heenal Gada: 
Absolutely. And how about in India? So I mean India has traditionally been a growth driver for 
us. So what is the TAM that we are looking here? What is the kind of scope that we do see to 
further mine the existing clients that we already have? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, I think we don't have really very detailed reports of the TAM, but I think we are one of the 
larger players in the market where we do expect our market share is at least more than 20% in 
the whole of the space we operate. But the market itself in India is expanding and we're 
expanding it by getting into more and more areas. 
 
The way we internally look at it is that all our territories have large potentials. So I think we 
really would like that India it is 1,000 crores in the next 2, 3 years. That's our plan. So I don't 
think the market opportunity size is a limit. It's our own ability to execute. And we are going 
after that in a very aggressive way about the whole market. 
Heenal Gada: 
Understood. And sir, lastly, just I mean, more of a very long-term question. So GenAI has been 
one of the big tech disruptors. And then is there a case where we probably see this could 
cannibalize Newgen revenues probably on the content management or the BPA? Like is there a 
possibility of that? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think this is a question for service companies, not for product companies. Technology is our 
enabler to sell. GenAI has actually reinvented all the use cases across industry for kind of things 
which we sell. In fact, using AI for content ingestion is one of the most hot cases right now in 
the market by which the last quarter around 6 deals we got in U.S., 3 to 4 are just around the AI 
capabilities of our product, which is typically a combination of ML and GenAI. 
 
See, we are leading this right now. I can confidently say, I think we are one of the most content 
management and low-code AI-led products in the market with our Marvin, with LumYn and 
Harper. 
 
Most of the cases, we have won in the last 2 quarters, AI has played a very important part of 
that. So the way you see the content management and GenAI complement each other. So far, 
people used to retrieve content. Now they can discover more value out of that content. That's 
why the GenAI works on that content, either through RAG or vector embedding or many other 
technologies like that. So there is a renewed interest in the enterprise content management space 
globally, right now, both on the ingestion and the management and knowledge management side 
of that. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
We got 2 orders in Singapore government, which are to do with kind of things we are talking 
about. We got one of the largest orders from the primary regulator media, which is AI-led content 
management. And similarly, we've got 3 to 4 orders in the U.S. around insurance companies, 
which are around document ingestion, which is AI. So in fact, this is what we are excited about, 
not threatened about. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Virender, Congrats on a good year overall. Well, there was a time in the previous years when 
you specifically called out that order book growth was higher than your revenue booking, right? 
Obviously, that was more sentiment led given how strong FY '24 was. If I just backtrack to just 
the current quarter, not perhaps Q3, but the first month of April and Q4, how does that sentiment 
look on the ground today? I ask in the context of oil prices in the Middle East, the U.S. led issues. 
And broadly, probably cessation of banking products like demand in India. So just keeping this 
in perspective, how would you define that sentiment as things look today? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I really don't have an answer that I can look at only our business and what I tell you our Q4 
order book was pretty strong. I think in fact, for -- we had a Q1, Q2, Q3 was a weaker order 
book than the Q4 order book. It was predominantly -- in fact, our maybe it grew by around 30% 
or something Y-on-Y on Q4 order book. Q1 order book, I can only tell you after the end of Q1 
because 70% of our business comes at the end of the quarter in last 3 weeks of that. This is the 
nature of the license business. See, everybody is cautious right now. Most of the customers we 
talked about, nobody has given an indication of holding back the project, especially in the spaces 
we are. 
 
But they are cautious about. So there may be a kind of an impact of wait and watch. But right 
now, I think in for our -- in our sales planning and in terms of what we hear from the market, we 
have not seen too much of an impact. And I hope that it remains the same way for the year. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. I understand. In terms of the complicated 18-, 24-month projects, that kind of long 
gestation period, which were the primary geographies that saw that? And is it fair to assume that 
in H1 of this year, sorry? 
Virender Jeet: 
So India and Middle East are the primary geographies, which are typically having those large 
gestation projects running for us. I think most of the Middle East ones, we are close -- we are 
very close to closing and some of the Indian ones will take a couple of more quarters to do that. 
So these are the geographies where we have. Other geographies we don't have such a problem. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
So my question was, given that you specifically called out that H2 of this year will be a far 
stronger year in terms of revenue booking, is it fair to expect some kind of a Y-o-Y margin 
compression as far as H1 is concerned, given that we have fixed costs to be taken care of and 
we can't pull back on SG&A commitments. I'm just trying to get an understand about margin 
propensity in H1 this year. 
Virender Jeet: 
No, I don't think so. See when you are saying Y-on-Y, it will not have a compression. I don't 
think there's any reason because our costs are flat, and we are still growing at a good healthy 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
growth momentum. See the margin compression only happens. And I think we look at margins 
typically at the annual side because on a quarterly, they can change because still there is a kind 
of a revenue distribution, which is not very even while the cost distribution is fairly even on that. 
 
We are slightly being cautious about looking at our investments along with the returns which 
come in quarters. So we should be able to manage this. And unless there's a huge surprise on top 
line, which we are not seeing, I don't see a challenge on margin. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Right. Right. So baking in the H2 estimates, you're still saying that there's no risk to -- I mean, 
we ended this year with about 20% growth, which is a healthy number. So that number of 
between 22% to 25% is -- will that continue be a sanguine expectation for at least '26 in terms 
of top line? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, I don't know exactly what we'll end up doing because we end up always planning a lot and 
then delivering something. We've historically delivered about 20% or near 20% growth. In this 
year, we don't think our plans don't change much. We still expect to do that. And we internally 
would end up trying to do a much better number. But surely when it comes to budgeting, we do 
plan for that much of growth and that expenses accordingly. But what will happen at the end, 
we'll all have to wait and watch. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
And very lastly, Virender, is -- will growth say for FY '25 and onwards, will that be driven by 
our investments in new product use cases? Or is it the deepening of the market for existing 
products that we have. How should we read this? 
Virender Jeet: 
So, I think, we look at growth from 2 areas. One is about expanding our coverage in a vertical. 
So getting more deeper into banking, selling more solutions to banking, insurance. The second 
is also getting better penetration in mature markets. These are the 2 areas we are looking at. So 
how much more revenue contribution can come from markets like U.S. or Europe? And then 
how many more new logos they end up winning. 
 
And then also in the same logos per account realization, how can we improve. You can see why 
we have lot of smaller accounts out of business. You will see revenue per account has constantly 
grown. Accounts of greater than INR5 crores revenue have constantly grown at a much higher 
speed. That is the churn we are driving, and this is driven from 2 things about going wider into 
each account and selling more to them and also getting a healthy number of new logos, which 
are sizably large. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, you mentioned about the 10 deals, 1 in the U.S. So this 10 deals are for the full year or are 
they for the quarter? 
Virender Jeet: 
So these deals are generally for us in perpetuating because customers have long-term 
relationships, but generally, these are license plus implementation which may have a cycle of 7, 
8, 9 months, 10 months. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
And sorry, 10 deals were during the year or during the quarter? 
Virender Jeet: 
Okay. The winning is for the quarter. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. Out of these 10 deals, I mean, how many of these deals would be with larger Tier 
1 accounts where you can have a bigger revenue potential? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, all these 10 deals are sizable. See what -- we have already, Mihir, pivoted towards only 
large accounts. We don't do small account deals anymore in the U.S. So we are telling these are 
either Tier 1, Tier 2 insurance companies, banks or health insurance companies. So all of them 
are large accounts for us. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. Sure, sure. And is that coming largely from insurance -- I mean, insurance and 
health insurance side, right? Banking will be lesser as of now? Or how is it? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think 3 from banking, I think 3, 4 from insurance and a couple from health insurance. I think 
that -- this we can send you as a distribution about these accounts. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Second question was on these -- I mean, annuity kicking in for one of the deal -- some of the 
deal businesses in India and Middle East. Now when annuity starts kicking in, in the second half, 
does the annuity percentage which you mentioned 18% to 22%, that remains the same or that 
changes? 
Virender Jeet: 
So that is the percentage payout of annuity for ATS on licenses. So that broadly remains the 
same. It has not changed. The only thing what happens. It starts kicking in that means now it is 
due and we can recognize the revenue from that onwards. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And the third question was on the new product. I mean this is like 2, 2.5 years back, they were 
looking at a $500 million of a business. Naturally, the progression has happened well over the 
last 2 years. Just wanted to get a sense for us to have that $500 million kind of a number. Do you 
feel any specific products need to be developed, product gaps needs to be addressed? Any 
development or any color around new products that will be really helpful. 
Virender Jeet: 
So, Mihir, I think this is a work in motion. So last year, at the beginning, we defined a strategy 
about where we need to invest. We have to verticalize our insurance products across domains 
and then across geographies. I think 80% of that work has been already done. We expanded our 
banking portfolio like in Islamic banking and then also building banking integration. We 
expanded our insurance portfolio with integrations with companies like Guidewire and all that. 
So a lot of that has been already in place. 
 
Beyond that in last 2 quarters, we have doubled up on -- in creating the AI road map for the old 
products because what we are seeing, the AI is driving most of the use cases. So a lot of our 
investment while increasing our vertical products and making them more relevant for the market 
is one dimension. The other is creating the AI-led interfaces for our most of the content 
management, the low code as well as customer communication products. I think between these 
2, there is enough market and now it's our ability to go and execute and sell. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. We will be looking at the core banking part of the piece to enter the corporate core 
banking is part of the piece? 
Virender Jeet: 
No, we have not. We have not considered that, and we are not interested in that. I think we work 
in the layer of innovation where most of the action is happening about that, which is about 
journeys, processes reinventing them. And core is where we end up making sure that we sit on 
integrated with the core and keep on expanding the functionality of the core. Core is a different 
business. It takes hell lot of a time to build credibility in the core and then build systems and 
core. So we are not interested in core. 
 
The only thing what we are slightly interested in some in health space. And in insurance space, 
we are interested in building policy administration services, which are kind of the semi core out 
there. Those we already have some products and then we are trying to expand out there. But in 
banking, we are not interested in core. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. Just one last question from my side. What was the order booking growth for the full year 
on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think our order booking was at INR1,664 crores. which was almost 10% or around compared 
to last year same time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I have a question on order book only. Like, what is current value of unexecuted order and -- as 
well as the new one which we received during the year. 
Virender Jeet: 
I think we can -- if you can write a mail, we can send you those because those numbers, I don't 
have the unexecuted exact sizes. But as I said, our unexecuted order book compared to last year 
same period has a healthy growth. I expect more than 20% growth in that. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
And this unexecuted order book likely to come in execution in FY '26 or it will extrapolate for 
1 in FY '27 as well? 
Virender Jeet: 
We have been talking generally unexecuted order books, which are relevant for this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Aditi Patil: 
I have a question on Singapore -- sorry, the APAC market. So it has grown strongly for us in FY 
'25, what has -- which verticals and which countries have driven this growth? And how do we 
see growth outlook over here for FY '26? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So Aditi, what -- you're absolutely right, APAC has grown strongly, and I think they've got 
-- the business has gone in 2 areas. One is around government. We have consolidated our 
position in the Singapore government space. I think we have won some marquee accounts out 
there, and we expect that momentum to grow into next year. I think some of the strategic deals 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
out there, we have been able to close. The wider market is still banking insurance for us across 
all these markets. 
 
And in APAC, I think predominant market is around for us. Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines, 
Singapore and then we are also trying to do something in Vietnam and other areas. But this is 
the market. So most of these deals which have come in banking and government space, which 
has given us that. It has become a substantial part of our revenue. It is almost now reached around 
15% of our revenue, which is a good thing. And we are quite hopeful that I think the APAC can 
maintain a growth momentum. Also having said that, I think if you look at last year, APAC 
growths were much muted. 
 
And since they didn't have high growth, this year numbers almost jumped almost 60% of their 
growth which is -- but I think there is a considerable improvement in what our entitlement to 
win in government and APAC, especially in Singapore, and that's what we can ride on next year. 
And some of the marquee banks which were acquired, we should be able to expand both in 
Malaysia, Philippines and Indonesia and in some more countries. 
Aditi Patil: 
Got it. And one question on the DSO days. So DSO days increased by 7 days in FY '25. So what 
led to this increase? And what is our target range? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think the culprit was EMEA out there. And so some of very large payments got delayed out 
there, which I think some part of them has been already recovered in some. I think that has been 
predominantly. Rest, I think the larger deals that we have got into slightly our -- the improvement 
in DSO for the last year was more flat. But on Q4 since some large payments got delayed, I think 
that's why the DSO jumped out there. I think we should be able to do fine in the next couple of 
quarters. We should be able to bring it back on track. 
Aditi Patil: 
So what should be our target range for DSO like -- once last year, it was 130 days? 
Virender Jeet: 
See our average, we look -- it will keep on coming down, now that since it's a smaller quarter 
because Q4 is very large. It always goes very high on that. But on the -- so we think an average 
for around 120 for a year, and then we can improve it from there. So I think it will keep on 
becoming better for next Q2, Q3, but Q4 again becomes high because of a very large amount of 
our billing happens in Q4. 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining in. For any further questions, you can connect with 
me or go to the website. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
