hero 
Hem 
;OO 
MILLION 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Ltd. 
Regd. Office: The Grand Plaza, Plot No. 2, Nelson Mandela Road,  
Vasant Kunj - Phase - II, New Delhi - 110070, India 
Tel. +91-11-46044220, Fax +91-11-46044399 
Email: corporate.communication@heromotocorp.com 
www.heromotocorp.com CIN: L35911DL1984PLC017354  
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Asst. Vice President, Listing Deptt., 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: HEROMOTOCO 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500182 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025 
 
  Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on May 14, 2025, for the quarter and financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
For Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
 
Dhiraj Kapoor 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
Digitally signed by: DHIRAJ KAPOOR
DN: CN = DHIRAJ KAPOOR email = 
dhiraj.kapoor@heromotocorp.com C 
= IN O = Personal
Date: 2025.05.19 18:02:32 +05'30'
DHIRAJ 
KAPOOR

Hero 
Hero 
I ICICI Securities 
CHOR 
L L' 
1 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Hero MotoCorp Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
The Management Team represented by:
Mr. Vikram Kasbekar
Acting Chief Executive 
Officer
Mr. Vivek Anand
Chief Financial Officer
And Umang Khurana, Chief Risk Officer and Head - Investor Relations
Mr. Ashutosh Varma
Chief Business Officer – India BU
Analyst:
Mr. Vivek Kumar – ICICI Securities

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hero MotoCorp Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
conclude. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touch-down phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Thank you, Manav. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to 
welcome everyone on Hero MotoCorp's Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Call. I would like to thank the 
management of Hero MotoCorp for giving us this opportunity to host the call. 
 
Now I would like to hand the call to Mr. Umang Khurana, Chief Risk Officer and Head, Investor 
Relations. Over to you, Umang. Thank you. 
Umang Khurana: 
Thank you, Vivek. Thank you for hosting us. Hello, everyone. You may all have noticed that we 
have postponed our Investor Day. We believe it to be respectful and prudent. We shall come 
back to you on this. 
 
On the call for us today, we have Mr. Kasbekar - our Chief Executive Officer; our CFO - Vivek 
Anand; India Business Head - Ashutosh Varma. We will begin with the call - Mr. Kasbekar's 
comment on the call. And then Vivek will have his opening comments as well, after which we 
will open this for questions and answers. Mr. Kasbekar, could we begin with your comments, 
please? 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
Thank you, Umang. Namaskar and welcome to everyone to the Hero MotoCorp's Earning Call. 
We hope you all are keeping safe. We salute our armed forces for protecting the nation and 
keeping us all safe. 
 
Now moving on to business. I am sure you must have seen our strong quarterly performance. 
We ended the full year FY '25 clocking our highest-ever top line and bottom line. I'm happy to 
report that we have retained our leadership as the world's largest manufacturer of motorcycles 
and scooters for 24 consecutive years. 
 
Let me start with the overall economy. While there is an ongoing global turmoil due to the border 
situation, trade tensions, on the domestic front, the economy has started on a positive note, driven 
by tapering inflation, lowering interest rates and income tax cuts and expectations of a better 
monsoon. With regards to two-wheeler industry riding on the wave of a positive economic 
momentum, two-wheeler demand is shaping up nicely, boosted particularly by a strong marriage 
season in May and June. Overall, we expect the industry to grow in the mid- and high single 
digits in FY '26. 
 
Key business highlights for Quarter 4 FY '25. In my first call, I had talked about our medium- 
to long-range-term strategy; and my focus will be on execution. Let me now talk a bit on some 
of these. On VAHAN, we have retained the number one spot during the quarter and on the full 
year basis. For the first 4 months in the calendar year, we have gained month-on-month market 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
share. We have seen a strong bounce-back in the entry segment also. In the 125 motorcycles, on 
the back of Xtreme 125, we continued to outperform the category. We launched 2 scooters in 
the Quarter, Xoom 125 in the sporty segment 125cc category and Destini 125 Xtec in the 
commuter segment category. Both have been received very positively in the market. Our latest 
launches in the premium segment, Xpulse 210 and Xtreme 250R, have seen very good responses.  
Global business has grown at 43%, 2x of the industry growth. Our strategy of focus in the top 
10 markets is starting to work well. In the EV business, we gained market share during the 
quarter and exited March at 7%. The EV business is on a sustained growth curve helped by 
investments behind the brand, brand building, pricing interventions and launch of the VIDA V2 
scooter. In 30+ towns, we have 20%+ market share. And in 60+ towns, we have 10%+ market 
share. 
 
Lastly, I want to reiterate that my focus will be on implementing our strategy to win and gain 
market share. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you, Vikramji. Good morning all, and thank you once again for joining the call today. I'm 
pleased to report strong financial performance of Hero Moto corporation for the Fourth Quarter 
financial year '25 and full year 2025 driven by disciplined fiscal management and focused 
strategic execution. 
 
Firstly, for the quarter, the company recorded quarterly revenue of ₹9,939 crores, EBITDA of 
₹1,416 crores and PAT of ₹1,081 crores. The Company reported quarterly revenue for Parts, 
Accessories and Merchandise (PAM) business at ₹1,553 crores, a year-on-year growth of 11%. 
The EBITDA margin during the quarter for ICE business stood at 16.1%, driven by mix 
improvement, lower material costs and LEAP savings, while we continued to invest behind 
brand building and new business. During the Quarter, after taking into account the investment 
behind EV business, approximately ₹143 crores, the overall EBITDA margin stands at 14.2%.  
I'll now move to full year '25. We achieved the highest-ever revenue from operations and PAT. 
Revenue stood at ₹40,756 crores, up 9%; EBITDA of ₹5,868 crores, up 12%; and PAT of ₹4,610 
crores, a growth of 16%. 
 
ICE EBITDA margin, at 16.2%, improved by 90 bps, driven by mix improvements, price and 
cost savings. During the year, after taking into account investments behind EV business, 
approximately ₹630 crores, the overall EBITDA margin improved by 40 basis points to 14.4%. 
Our continued focus on cash management resulted in delivering strong cash from operations, 
strengthening our financial performance. 
 
I'm happy to share that the Company has declared a final dividend of ₹65 per equity share. 
Including the interim dividend of ₹100 per share, the total dividend for '24, '25 financial year 
amounts to ₹165 per equity share, representing a payout of 8,250%. 
 
We continue to maintain market leadership, with sales of 5.9 million vehicles in the financial 
year 2024-25. Further, we maintained our market leadership in the 100cc category in both entry 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
and deluxe segments. And we have rapidly gained market share in the 125cc segment, driven by 
success of Xtreme 125R. 
 
In global business as well, we continued our strong performance, reporting our highest-ever 
quarterly market share. Overall, our dispatches in Financial Year '25 grew by 43% year-on-year, 
almost 2x of industry. This performance was broad-based, as almost all our key markets, 
including Bangladesh, Colombia, Nepal and Mexico grew. 
 
As part of our planned operational strategy, the Company implemented a temporary production 
halt from April 17 to 19 at its Dharuhera, Gurugram, Haridwar and Neemrana facilities to 
facilitate supply chain alignment and conduct scheduled maintenance and infrastructure 
enhancements. Production is expected to normalize during this month. It is important to clarify 
here that we continue to grow our retail sales during the current quarter. 
 
Moving ahead, we'll continue to invest behind growth. We remain consistent in our commitment 
towards investing behind premium, scooters and EV portfolio; and to improve customer 
experience in stores with Hero 2.0 and Premia. 
 
Diversifying our portfolio into adjacent categories is a key part of our strategy. I'm happy to 
share, this quarter, we acquired 34.1% stake in Euler Motors for an investment of ₹510 crores, 
which make Euler Motors an Associate Company of Hero MotoCorp. Through this, we have 
marked our entry into the fast-growing EV three-wheeler category. We are excited about the 
prospects of growing this business. 
 
I'm also happy to inform that Ather Energy, our Associate Company, is now listed on the 
National Stock Exchange. The capital raise allows Ather management to accelerate their growth. 
We are positive about the growth prospects of two-wheeler industry. And with the continuity of 
demand and recovery in the broader two-wheeler market for us, both rural and urban; ramp-up 
of 125cc portfolio; new product launches; and strong investment behind brand -- power brands, 
we expect to grow ahead of the industry. 
 
Thank you for listening to me. And on this note, let me open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, 
Umang. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Vipul from HSBC. 
Vipul: 
Sir, my question is from the next 5 - 10 years perspective. Now looking at the future prospect of 
premiumisation, Hero still has close to 80% market share in the population of entry-level 
motorcycles. And inherently, Hero has been a strong customer base who will upgrade in the 
future -- who will upgrade in future. So Xtreme 125 has been a success, but it was more of a 
catching up with the competition, so how do you plan to capitalize on your strong base and gain 
market share in the 125cc segment over next 5 to 10 years? That would be my first question. 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Can I take that? 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
Yes, yes, please. Ashu, please take that. 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Hi. Vipul, thank you for the question. We've had some very strong gains in the 125cc category 
this year. On a full year basis, we gained close to 250 basis points in terms of market share. 
Xtreme as a brand if you see, only on 125R, we sold close to 300,000 units. Overall, Xtreme 
portfolio, since it's been there, is touching close to 0.5 million units already. 
 
And the kind of response that we have received on the product also gives us a lot of confidence 
that this brand overall will become much stronger. The more recent launch of Xtreme 250R has 
also met with some amazing response, and we're very confident that it's on the way to become a 
power brand in itself. 125cc, we have been very strong dominant players in this category over 
the years. We are recovering very strongly, and last year is a testimony of this. We have exciting 
product launches that we have in this category which will make us even stronger. We are 
confident that we'll gain share and move towards leadership. 
Vipul: 
Sure. So are you suggesting that we'll be looking at more product launches in 125 category in 
near future? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Yes, as per market need. We have an exciting product lineup that's planned for the future. 
Vipul: 
Okay. My second question pertains to the vehicle quality. So again it's, sir, from, like, feedback 
from last 5 years post BS VI. So the feedback we got from our channel checks is that, of lately, 
there have been some issues with the quality. And a lot of issues have been addressed in past -- 
like within 2 years or 3 years of launch of the BS VI models, but still Hero is known for its 
quality in the entry level, so -- and second feedback we got was that, when you started like in 
2017-18, you started with innovation plus margin expansion program, but eventually what we 
realized is that it eventually moved to only to the margin expansion, while there was some 
degradation in the quality which happened, so -- and that is also reflected in kind of warranty 
queries coming to the dealers. 
 
So how do you plan to address -- like we are seeing that change in leadership is also happening 
to the Company. Is there any way we can track like a improvement in the quality and the brand 
value of the models? 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
Ram, can you take that... 
Ram Kuppuswamy: 
Sure. This is Ram here. I'm the Chief Operating Officer at Hero MotoCorp. To answer your 
question: Firstly, we pride ourselves at Hero at having products that work for our consumers and 
last with our consumers over many, many years. The quality of our products is paramount to us. 
And our brand is built on the strength of the incredible value and quality that we deliver to our 
customers over the years. We have not seen a drop-off in any of those levels. 
 
And we pride ourselves in making sure that the products that leave our factory and go to our 
dealerships and go to the hands of our consumers have quality levels which are of the highest 
level in the industry. And we'll continue to maintain that standard. We will not allow for any 
drop-off on that front. And I must say that all of our products in our portfolio have seen the 
strong reception that they have because of the quality levels that we maintain with them. 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
And, going forward, we are using technology for our development of our products in the R&D 
and addressing all quality issues at 360 degrees, whether it's the quality of customer experience, 
quality of manufacturing and quality of design. So all the areas we are strengthening ourselves 
very well. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Chandramouli from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli: 
My first question is just on the comment you made earlier around mid- to high single-digit 
growth in the industry. I just want to clarify that that's volume growth for the industry. And just 
as a follow-up to that, if you're able to share what Hero's expectation is for FY '25 in terms of 
volume. And historically, I think, you've spoken about revenue. So, I just want to understand 
those in a little more detail? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Hi Chandra, if I got the question right, you're wanting to know a little bit more on what our 
projection for the industry is and how is Hero thinking about these volumes. 
Chandramouli: 
That's right. That's right. 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Okay, thank you. Thank you for the question. Overall, this year, we expect the industry to grow 
in the region of around 6% to 7%, pretty much the same as last year. I mean we have a lot of 
tailwinds this year. We have a good monsoon prediction. We have a good marriage season after 
a long time. And the initial signs are already visible. We've seen some income tax relief that 
should put in more money in the hands of consumers. There's a lot of government spending that's 
happening. I mean the inflation is lower, so we expect the industry to be better that way. Of 
course, there are little headwinds as well in terms of what's happening in terms of OBD II and 
the price increase that's happening therein, but overall, we expect the industry to be in the region 
of around 6% to 7%. 
 
We -- on the other hand, we're very confident of our performance. We have some launches that 
happened in Q4 that are yet fully to manifest in terms of volumes. And we are very confident 
that we'll outpace the industry growth and gain share. 
Chandramouli: 
Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just around channel inventory. So I think in the 
your remarks you did mention that you did some scheduled maintenance at some of our key 
plants in the month of April, which caused retail growth to exceed wholesale growth, specifically 
for the month, by a decent quantum, so I just want to understand now, after that event, where we 
would be in terms of channel inventory in maybe number of weeks. Are we at 4, 5, 6 weeks? I 
just want to understand that also. 
Ashutosh Varma: 
So Chandra, after this, our -- I mean we were sufficiently covered. Our channel inventory 
currently stands at around 4 to 5 weeks, but inventory is always forward looking. We know that, 
as we get up with the festive season, we will be able to step it up in accordance with what we 
expect out of the festive season, but we are sufficiently covered in terms of inventory currently 
at 4 to 5 weeks. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
My first question is also on this inventory. So should we understand that 4 to 5 weeks or maybe 
4 weeks is kind of a normalized level that we are looking at going forward? Some sense would 
be important. And secondly, you mentioned that you had done a lot of launches in 4Q. And while 
obviously the wholesales were corrected and retails are picking up gradually, any initial sense, 
if you could give, as to what is the response to maybe the Destini 125 or the premium motorcycle 
that you have launched and what kind of numbers you are expecting to ramp up over the next 
maybe few months? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Hi Amyn, thank you very much. Overall, from -- I mean, if you look at the performance the last 
month in terms of VAHAN registrations, we had crossed 5 lakhs. We are increasingly focusing 
on retails as the key metric for performance. A channel inventory of anywhere between four to 
six weeks is our -- is the normal level that we would want to operate in. I mean, depending upon 
the season, we might just take it up a little notch, but subsequently come back to the same levels 
that we want to operate on. 
 
As I said, we've launched some products in Quarter 4, met with some amazing response. You 
would have seen our scooter, market share inching up by almost 140 basis points, basis the new 
launches that we've had. We also have launched the Xtreme and Xpulse. The order pipeline -- 
booking pipeline, sorry, is extremely strong. 
 
As I said, they are yet to manifest fully. And as we move into Quarter 1 and towards the festive, 
we will see this taking full shape. I am confident that these will help outpace the industry in 
terms of growth. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thanks Ashutosh. Good to hear from you as well again. Second, I had a question on the numbers. 
We have been sharing this investment into EVs and what it does to our overall margins and 
thank you for sharing that. Is there a broad target as to by when we would want these EV losses 
to maybe turn breakeven? Is that a target or is that not something that we should be thinking 
about at the current stage? 
Vivek Anand: 
Now -- thanks, Amyn. Vivek here. No, you're absolutely right. I think clearly -- yes, I think you 
are right. We've been transparent in terms of sharing the numbers, absolutely right. I think, this 
year, if I really look at our EV performance: Our volumes have grown 200%. And our EBITDA 
for EV business is at -95%, which I -- when I compare with our performance in 2023-24 has 
improved from 155% negative to 95%.  
So as we really look forward, our priority is very clearly to grow volumes, to scale up the 
business and to really grow market share. Having said that, we will continue to improve on our 
profitability as we go forward. So if you're really asking me, in the near term, is there that I'm 
really looking for -- and as I said, I'm really looking for growing volumes, scaling up and market 
share. 
But having said that, I continue to really drive the business with a lot more efficiency. What will 
really make this business profitable is our -- the scale-up which we talked about; the BOM cost 
reduction through localization, PLI benefit realization. These are the things which will really 
help me improve the profitability of the business going forward. And also what I want to really 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
add is that, at a 25,000, 30,000 levels of volume per month, we hope that this will break even, 
which in our view is couple of years away. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Thanks for that color. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question is on your guidance on outperforming 
the industry. The reason why I'm asking this is we had the same optimism and sentiment last 
year. We probably claimed to have the best launch pipeline. And the retail growth for the 
industry was 8% and we grew our retails by 1%. So what gives you the confidence that, this 
year, with slightly lower industry growth and not-as-actionable launch pipeline as last year, 
how do we expect to kind of outperform the industry on retail growth?  
And linked to that, what would be the linkages of that on the margin aspirations as well? If you 
can just help us understand why we have kind of underperformed the industry last year so 
badly. And why are we so confident of, as in overcoming all of those and outperforming the 
industry? What are you seeing on the ground and what are the likely read-across for margins 
from that strategy? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Sure, Pramod. Thank you. I'll let the margin question be answered by Vivek, but allow me to 
come back on the first part of your question. The confidence comes from the delivery that we've 
had in Quarter 4. If you look at the performance that we've had in Quarter 4: In the entry 
category, we gained 600 basis points in terms of market share. The confidence comes from the 
fact that we've -- over the year, we have recovered on 125cc strongly, gained 250 basis points 
there. The confidence comes from the fact that the new scooters that we have launched in the 
market have met with some amazing response. It led to increase in market share in the later part 
of Quarter 4 and also retail growth.  
That said, we are also working on -- as industry leaders, we know in the core category our work 
is to expand the category. The fact that we have 1 lakh customers reporting into our workshops 
every day gives us an excellent opportunity to work on upgrades and own-based marketing.  
So these are fundamental strengths that we have that we'll increasingly leverage this year. And 
we are very confident this will help us move in terms of market share, outpacing the industry 
growth. 
Umang Khurana: 
Yes. So just following that up. India business, therefore, there is -- the rural recovery is well 
underway. That makes the number of new launches - India business growth. You've also looked 
at our export growth, Pramod. That is double the industry export growth as well. Our emerging 
mobility business unit, our EV business has grown far ahead of this total rate as well. So when 
you looked at this, every month sequentially there is growth when you look at VAHAN.  
That is where we are coming back from to say that there is an opportunity that we are starting to 
-- all the building blocks are in place. We now need to implement. And that's what Mr. Kasbekar 
talks about. 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. Thanks, Umang. Hi Pramod, Vivek here. I think -- as Ashutosh and Umang said, I think 
we had a great start, I'll say, to the year. I think we are gaining VAHAN share for the last 4 
months in a row. I think the growth is clearly broad-based. We are seeing that in our Indian 
business. We are seeing it in global business. And we are seeing it in the EV portfolio, right?. 
Having said that, on your second question, on margin, I must start by saying that we will continue 
to invest behind growth. And we have given a guidance to the market of maintaining our 
EBITDA margins between 14% to 16%, and directionally we will be there. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, when you talk about market share, you're talking about Y-o-Y market share trends or 
sequential market share trends. Because it's a seasonal industry, as we all know. So -- because 
when I look at VAHAN, the Y-o-Y market share, there's been a decline since January to April. 
Correct me if I'm wrong there, please -- unless you are referring to sequential market share. Am 
I right? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Referring to sequential, Pramod, but also I mean -- I think, May, it's translating into Y-o-Y as 
well. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Okay. So out of 5 months, 4 months, it's a sequential gain; Y-o-Y, 1 month. Okay, fair enough. 
I look forward to that outperformance. And last question, on the leadership transition, if you can 
just help us understand how are we placed there as to -- because there has been reasonable 
attrition at the top. So just trying to understand by when do we expect to have a full-time active 
CEO at the company? 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
Thanks, Pramod. I'll ask Vivek to take that. 
Vivek Anand: 
So Pramod – so Mr. Kasbekar he is the acting CEO and he is fully on the job. So he's the one 
who is currently driving the business. And we'll come back to you as we have more to share. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sonal Gupta from HSBC Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to get a sense on like the 
non-vehicle revenue part for this quarter. I mean like even adjusting for spares, like our ASP is 
sort of looking much higher on a sequential basis, so could you just highlight are there any other 
larger amount of non-vehicle revenue or other stuff which has sort of boosted the revenues for 
this quarter? 
Vivek Anand: 
I think large part -- so there is a revenue per unit growth of almost 4% year-on-year. And that's 
largely driven by two-wheelers and parts business. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Okay. So on a sequential basis like our ASP is up big time, so I'm just -- is that just a mix effect 
or are there some other drivers there? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, it's largely the mix effect. Yes, you're right. So we are -- we have increased our revenue per 
unit both year-on-year and on quarter-on-quarter; specific to your question, on quarter-on-

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
quarter, which has increased by 2,236. It's largely the two-wheelers contributing to two-third of 
it and the balance coming from spare part business. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Okay. Just the other thing was on like we had this production issue and somewhat 
uncharacteristic for Hero, so I just wanted to -- I mean, could you give some more color into 
that? Was it some supplier-related issues and which sort of related -- led to the disruption or I 
mean like because we had three plants down, so I'm just trying to understand? 
Ram Kuppuswamy: 
Sure. This is Ram here. So as you know, last month, we had a planned production halt at four of 
our factories in Dharuhera, Neemrana, Gurgaon and Haridwar. The primary driver was to realign 
the supply lines, but also we had scheduled maintenance and we made some infrastructure 
investments and upgrades that we wanted to. This did go on to impact, unfortunately, some of 
our dispatches in April, but I'm happy to share that we are at full strength in May. And there was 
no real retail impact, but I'll let Ashu maybe speak to the retail impact of that shutdown. 
Ashutosh Varma: 
So, of course, Ram I said this before. Last month, in April, we clocked over 5 lakh in VAHAN 
registrations. In spite of, last year April being heavy in terms of marriage season and festives, 
there has been no retail impact whatsoever. We are sufficiently covered. And as it improves 
going further, we will be sufficiently covered for the festive as well. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. And just I had two more questions. I'll just put them in one line. One was on the financing 
side. I mean we're getting some mixed responses in terms of where the -- I mean two-wheeler 
financing is becoming tighter. And especially given the entry-level portfolio that we have, are 
we seeing any of that? And just also if you could give some more color on what is the export 
outlook for FY '26? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Yes. I just wanted to quickly come on the financing side of the business. So overall, our retail 
finance penetration for the Quarter 4 was in the region of 59%. For the full year, it was at 63%, 
but this is a seasonality that comes into retail finance pretty much in Quarter 4. We were same 
at the same level last year. So at a penetration level, we haven't seen an impact.  
Yes, the nature of the products has changed a little bit because of certain stress that some of the 
financiers have seen, but I guess there is a lot of innovation that's coming in there in terms of 
different kinds of schemes that are available. I think, with the easing of interest rates, we expect 
low EMIs to become a larger part of the overall basket of products, but again as I said, 
seasonality, fundamentally nothing that we should be too worry about. 
Vivek Anand: 
And just to add to what Ashutosh said. I think our finance penetration currently is around 65%, 
almost in line with last year. So we've not seen much of a shift there, just to add. 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
On the global business, our strategy of making products specific to countries in LATAM, 
Bangladesh, Nigeria is yielding very good results, which is evident from the last year's 
performance. And going forward, we are quite aggressive on the growth in the GB segment. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. And to add and to supplement: I think, this year we had a fantastic performance of growing 
2x of industry. I think clearly our 80-20 strategy is working well. Our top 10 markets continue 
to grow well. We have re-entry in Nepal, entry in Sri Lanka and Philippines. That's really going 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
to contribute to our growth as we get into 2025-26. So we are really confident about growing 
our global business and continuing to gain market share in 2025-26. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, can you let me know, what is the spares revenue for the quarter? 
Vivek Anand: 
It's ₹1,553 crores, which has grown by 11% year-on-year. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, this has been growing quite well for last few years actually, so could you share some insights 
here? What is driving this growth? In fact, the growth has been well ahead of the volume growth 
that we are seeing? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Hi Kapil, thank you very much for that question. I mean parts business growth is something that 
we have looked back with pride over the years. In fact, there is a lot of fundamental work that 
has gone into where we are today. I mean there is a lot of work that has happened in terms of 
scaling up the networks, so we are much more deeply penetrated today than what we were 
earlier, especially in the aftermarket.  
We worked also at our existing workshops but more so in the aftermarkets where we have 
penetrated deeply. We have expanded our portfolio, I mean, when it comes to accessories. We've 
added new product lines, like the tyres and the batteries. So all this adding up to the consistent 
performance that you are seeing today. 
Vivek Anand: 
And also to add to what Ashutosh said. So while we are -- we had a good track record of almost 
hitting double-digit growth. And that's what certainly we are looking at as we look into the 
current year. While we look to really grow this business, we continue to grow this business 
profitably is what I wanted to add. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And second, I wanted to check on VIDA. Where are we in the PLI approval cycle? 
Vivek Anand: 
So for VIDA Pro, we have just filed our PLI application. I think we expect the approval to come 
in by July. And I think, other products, we are in the process of filing the application. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay, great. Sir, also one question I had on Euler Motors. We have taken a 34% stake there, so 
could you share some thoughts here that -- why not a majority stake if you are looking at this as 
a new segment that you want to enter? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. So I think you're right. So we've acquired 34.1% stake in Euler. And I think, first of all, 
what I really want to say is that three-wheeler presents an attractive alternate adjacent category 
for us to really diversify, which is part of our strategy. And I think we've talked about it in the 
past. 
I think as a category it offers us large value pool. It's a segment -- in terms of size, revenue size, 
it's ₹17,000 crores in last financial year; 6.4 lakh units. And this is projected to grow to ₹22,000 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
crores in the next 5 years. Also it provides an attractive profit pool of ₹2,300 crores. And this 
category has a EBITDA margin of 20%+, yes. We are seeing rapid electrification in the three-
wheeler category and we believe this is the right time for us to really enter. I think this category 
is driven by favourable government policies, TCO benefit versus diesel of almost 40% - 50%. 
And current electrification at 22%, offers headroom for all of us to really grow our share in the 
respective category. 
So at this point, I think, if you really look at our investments in the past supporting the enterprise 
in the long term has really created value for us, like we've done, say, in the past. And we strongly 
believe that this model which has worked in the past will continue to do well for us going forward 
in case of Euler. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gunjan from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 
Gunjan: 
Thanks for taking my questions. I had a few clarifications. On the ASP increase quarter-on-
quarter, which you covered earlier, is there an element of OBD price hike that's captured there? 
And if you can sort of just quantify that? 
Vivek Anand: 
OBD price increase, yes. We've taken almost 2%, which is almost the case in the industry. 
Umang Khurana: 
Gunjan, this is a similar price hike across the industry. 
Ashish Misra: 
Yes, but if your question is how much of that is baked into the Q4 numbers: The Q4 numbers 
have very little of it because this was phased out over the months and model on model. So very 
little impact in the Q4 ASP increase. 
Gunjan: 
Okay, got it. So the large part of ASP is essentially mix. Because when I look at the entry-
executive etcetera mix, that's not changed materially. So is it within the models that the -- what 
we are selling is probably higher variants or higher price points within that. Is that the way I 
should be thinking about ASP? Because it's actually seen quite meaningful increase over the last 
couple of quarters. I don't think it's just quarter 4, but right from Q1 to now, there has been quite 
a step-up in the ASPs? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. So you're right, Gunjan. I think, compared to last year, our ASPs have grown by 4%. And 
as I explained earlier, large part of it is coming from mix improvement within the segments, 
product segments; and a part of it from price. So two-third coming from mix and one-third 
coming from pricing. By and large, I think that's what you can really take. And as we clarified, 
OBD-II price increase is something which is effective April. You will see the impact of that in 
quarter 1. 
Gunjan: 
Okay, got it. And the other clarification that I was looking for was this difference between the 
subs and associate profitability, which is quite decent in this quarter, I think, roughly around ₹80 
crores or so. Can you just share some color on what -- this has been in losses for last couple of 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
quarters, so what's really contributing? Is there a one-off here or any turnaround in the associates 
that's captured there? 
Vivek Anand: 
Gunjan, you will have to re-clarify the question. Just be more specific on for the quarter or for 
the full year. What is the question? 
Gunjan: 
It is for the quarter, if I look at the subs contribution which is, I think, captured as profit from 
associates in the consolidated P&L. That's actually a positive number, a reasonably positive 
number, I think, ₹70 crores or so, which has been in losses for last couple of quarters. So just 
trying to understand what's really changed there. Or is there some mark to market or something 
there? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. So you're right. So let me just explain that. So you're right. So we -- yes. The number has 
always been a lower number. This time, we had a onetime gain of CCPS conversion to equity, 
right, in case of April. And that has translated into a onetime gain of ₹170 crores. So that's the 
one which has really inflated the profitability in our consolidated results for the quarter and for 
the full year. 
Gunjan: 
Okay, got it. That's clear. And last question, on the... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, ma'am. May I please request you -- your 2 questions are up. 
Gunjan: 
Okay, all right. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Hiranandani from Phillip Capital. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
See this margin improvement journey in coming 2 to 3 years. And do you see any risk due to 
rising EV and export mix? 
Vivek Anand: 
So I don't see a risk. I think this is a very conscious investment the company has decided to really 
make, right, in the next, I'll say, couple of years, near to middle term, right, so I don't see a risk 
to that. I think what is important for us to really -- is to really scale up the business, scale up the 
business fast, grow it profitably, right, so we will continue to grow our business and reinvest in 
EV. I think that's the strategy. And therefore, our margins will continue to be in the range of 
14% to 16%. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. And your outlook for these urban, rural separately for this fiscal, please. 
Ashutosh Varma: 
So I mean what we expect this year is, of course, in the earlier answer that I had given, the 
prediction of a better monsoon, a good marriage season, increased government spending in the 
rural areas, lower inflation. All that, we expect, will work in Favor of rural. I mean our rural 
contribution is in the high 50s. 
 
We expect that to be as strong, in fact expect good rural growth coming in this year overall. 
Also, I just wanted to add here that, I mean, we are very confident since we have a product line-
up that's strong in some of our base categories. As the segment grows bigger, we'll be able to 
outpace in terms of the industry growth as well. 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Amit Hiranandani: 
And if I can ask the net worth of Hero FinCorp, please, as on 31st March, please. That's it. 
Umang Khurana: 
We'll take that offline, Amit. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. We'll share with you separately that number. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of RaghuNandhan from Nuvama Research. 
RaghuNandhan: 
Firstly, on the 100cc motorcycles, the industry volume and Hero volume have seen some decline 
in last 2 quarters. How do you see the volume expectations for this segment going forward? 
What are the drivers? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
I mean, for the 100cc and the entry category, of course, there was for the last few years stress at 
the bottom of the pyramid, which is why this segment had probably seen a little more stress than 
some of the other segments. Quarter 4, I mean, we had seen an impact across categories, not 
only in these. I mean, if you look at the delta shift from how these segments were growing versus 
how Quarter 4 behaved, you saw a blip across categories, so we really can't single out the 100cc 
category just by itself. That said, I mean, we are a very dominant player in this category. In the 
100cc, we operate with almost a 90% market share. Year-on-year, we've had a 600 basis points 
increase in terms of entry market share. 
So here our job is to expand the category, and this is where we'll -- we are going to be indexed 
upon. I mentioned in my earlier comment that we have the largest base of customers. We have 
almost 4 crore customers visiting our workshops every year, so there is a lot of own-base work 
that has -- that can possibly happen here in terms of upgrades. 
There is a lot of finance-related actions that we continue to do. And there are innovations and 
especially in terms of digital finance that we are trying to bring about which will make 
affordability and inclusion much easier. So we are confident that this segment, on the back of 
rural coming back much stronger this year, will do well and help in overall growing of the 100cc 
industry, led by us, of course. 
RaghuNandhan: 
Secondly, in terms of the new products, if you can talk a bit more about the -- on the EV side, 
products like Vida Z. When can we expect these products? And any other launches you want to 
highlight for FY '26? 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
Okay. Our existing product has been received very well. And you can see the volumes are 
anywhere going from 7,000 to 8,000 on a monthly basis. Very shortly, we are launching an 
upgrade which will be far better in terms of the value proposition to the customer. And it will 
come with a launch in July. And of course, that will be addressing the basic customer 
requirements across the segment. 
Vivek Anand: 
So just to add on the new launches. I think there is -- clearly, as we talked about, I think, we had 
a great exit to the year. We exited with a market share of 6%+. I think, the launches we had in 
the second half of last year, they continue to do well. In addition to that, we are planning 2 new 
affordable products in first half, most likely in July. And that will continue to really strengthen 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
our product portfolio, which will help us really drive our growth, accelerate our growth and help 
us gain market share. 
RaghuNandhan: 
So both the affordable products will be in the EV side, right? 
Vivek Anand: 
That's right. We are talking of EV business, yes. That's right. 
RaghuNandhan: 
Lastly, how do you see the collaborations, synergies playing out with your partners, in terms of 
be it Ather, Zero Motorcycles or Euler? How do you see that joint efforts happening? And how 
can it benefit the company over the near term, medium term, if you can talk about it? 
Vivek Anand: 
No, I think, very clearly -- on the Ather side, I think clearly it's a long-term investment we've 
made. I think we really like the enterprise and we really continue to stay invested in that. Euler, 
we just -- it's just a start of the relationship. I briefly talked about it's a very exciting category. 
It's a very exciting business. I will say we have a very experienced team in Euler, right, which 
is a very good mix of young professionals and experience from industry, right. We have a very 
differentiated product, right, to offer in the marketplace, so we are really excited working with 
the new team as we really go forward. 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
And we have the synergy with Ather on the charging infrastructure. We are sharing the same. 
Added to that, on Zero front is the technology at the higher voltage which is what we are 
absorbing, which will have a very good future as the time passes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus. 
Mihir Vora: 
So sir, my question was on HF Deluxe, basically if we see the FY '19 volumes and compare it 
with FY '25. Sir, HF Deluxe has seen a major drop here, while your Splendor has been something 
which is sort of a flattish, or either it has grown. So what is it that the HF Deluxe demand has 
been so impacted? Are the customers moving to Splendor? Can you throw some color on it? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Thank you for the question. In fact, what you witnessed from FY '19 to FY '25, in the middle of 
that, was a huge disruption that happened in the industry. There was COVID, which impacted 
disposable incomes to a great extent; and also BS-VI transition that happened, which increased 
bike prices substantially across categories and across all industry players. 
 
What we saw was a lot of customers at the bottom of the pyramid coming under a large 
affordability stress. Used two-wheelers, for example, which used to be 1:1 of new two-wheeler 
sales, post COVID, immediately post COVID, actually rose to close to 1.5:1. I mean there were 
a substantial number of people who held onto their bikes longer. Our workshop data suggested 
that people owning HF Deluxe were not replacing as frequently as they were earlier, so we had 
vehicles in our workshop 5 years and above increase significantly. So we knew all the while that 
it was just a matter of time before it will come back, so we've invested aggressively in terms of 
augmenting the value proposition of the product, bringing in new exciting additions in this 
category. 
 
We have already seen it started to work for us from the late -- from last quarter of the financial 
year. We -- last quarter of the financial year, we also saw the replacement demand coming back 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
significantly from almost 6% to 11%, in quarter 4 sequentially, so we are very confident that, as 
we bring more excitement into this category, we will see a lot of customers who have dropped 
out from the mobility space coming back and opting for this. And our quarter 4 performance is 
an indication of that. 
Mihir Vora: 
So second, on this, sir, replacement number which you quoted that -- being around 11% of the 
total. Is it of the total volumes? Or how do you see it? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
Yes, total volumes 
Mihir Vora: 
Okay. And going ahead, with the FY 2018-19 base being so high, do we expect this to go up? 
And to what levels does normally the replacement demand peak at? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
So we've seen replacement demand to be in the vicinity of around 18% to 20% generally. We 
expect that it will gradually bounce back to that level. And of course, it will also depend in terms 
of the innovation that people are able to bring about, overall across the industry, in the categories 
for people to be tempted enough to upgrade. 
Mihir Vora: 
All right, okay, sir. And are we seeing some kind of some customer moving from the HF Deluxe 
to a scooter segment? Or some kind of data which we work on. Do we see that shift towards 
scooters there? 
Ashutosh Varma: 
The category drivers for both of these segments are very different. So I mean scooters are largely 
into a different space altogether. This is -- I mean the average running is much higher, so I would 
not want to draw that conclusion. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Equities. 
Pramod Amthe: 
So in the recent context of your supply chain realignment shutdown which you've taken, I wanted 
to understand. How do you see new plants' capacity versus the old plants? Because you have 
plants since inception, almost like 20+ years on. Is there a scope to shift the production and bring 
those operational efficiency; and think through beyond having that 14%-16% margin? 
Ram Kuppuswamy: 
So okay. I think there were 2 parts to that question. I'll address each one. To start with, the -- as 
we mentioned, we did temporarily halt production in 4 factories for 3 days. We, as I said, are 
back at full strength in this month. And we don't see any issues going forward. With respect to 
the second half of your question, which is more around the new factories that we have, we are 
ramping them up quickly. 
 
Our factory -- the last factory that we started, which is in Tirupati district, which is where we 
produce our EVs today, is ramping up and ramping up very well. And we've already also 
announced that we will invest significantly in that side to bring up a second Global Parts Center. 
That campus will be one of the larger campuses that we have in our network in the future. 
Pramod Amthe: 
But is there a broader thinking in terms of realigning your capacities so that you can get the best 
of the latest production technologies, for your profitability? 

I: Hero 
 
 
Hero MotoCorp Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Ram Kuppuswamy: 
We do that on a continuous basis. I can assure you that we are constantly looking at the mix, the 
different models that we produce across the different sites that we have. One of our largest 
strengths is the manufacturing capacity that we have and the supplier ecosystem that supports it 
flexibly. We will look at this on a continuous basis. 
Vikram Kasbekar: 
And just to reinforce what Ram said. Even our older plants have the latest of the technologies. 
And we continue to improve upon the manufacturing technology. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure. And the second one is the investment into some of the new ventures. You have been right 
in catching up the wave and nurturing some of the best entities within those, either if you look 
at Hero FinCorp or Ather to that extent. How do you look -- and you avoid the temptation to 
book profit in the IPOs, but how do you see the monetization? Would you look through for 
maturity of these industries to get out? Or would you look for the right time to make the best 
buck? How do you look at monetizing the same? 
Vivek Anand: 
Pramod, these are -- as you rightly said, these are long-term investments. And we will continue 
to really invest and work behind these enterprise, support the management and create value in 
the long term. That's all I'll say at this point in time. 
Umang Khurana: 
Thank you, everyone. To reiterate highest-ever revenue and profits for the year. We've been 
going -- growing market share on VAHAN sequentially every month in this calendar year 
already, so happy with that, as you could see from what you're hearing from us. Increasing 
dominance in entry. And as -- that market share has gone to 65%, up, 6% growth year-on-year. 
The growth in the 125cc segment, with product interventions, process improvement, is 
something that's been helping us go forward. What will support this growth is premium and 
scooters as well. 
 
To your question on mix. As scooters and EMBU EV does better, the new launches in this 
category has us excited with the Xoom franchise, Xtreme, XPulse and the Premia dealerships as 
well. Global business has had a great year. We exited the year with 9% market share. We 
continue to outperform the industry. You'll be pleased 40% of our exports are actually premium 
products. 
 
Closing with EV with 20% and more market share in 30 of our towns already, the focus on 
market share expansion, network, new products and brand building is what we are doing.  
With that, thank you, everyone, for coming in. Jai Hind, please keep safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
