XTGLOBAL INFOTECH LIMITED 
XTGLOB AL) 
Regd Office: Plot No. 31P & 32, 3" Floor, 
Tower 
A, Ramky Selenium, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda , Hyderabad — 500 032 
Tel No.: 040 
- 66353456 
CIN: L72200TG1986PLCO06644 
Date: 10/06/2025 
To, 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block 
G, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 
— 400 001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 531225 
NSE Symbol: XTGLOBAL 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, June 05, 2025. 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled for Thursday, June 05, 2025 at 06:00 PM (IST), 
as intimated vide our letter dated 30/05/2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call transcript. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For XTGlobal Infotech Limited 
Digitally signed by 
Pentela 
Pentela Sridhar 
. 
Date: 2025.06.10 
Sridhar 
16:13:41 405'30' 
Sridhar Pentela 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 55735 
www.xtglobal.com 
Company.secretary@xtglobal.com

XT GLOBAL) 
XTGLOBAL) 
XTGlobal Infotech Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Thursday, 5" June 2025 
MANAGEMENT: 
¢ Mr. Ramarao Mullapudi - CEO, President & Director 
Others: 
¢ Mr. Raghuram Kusuluri - Chief Financial Officer 
¢ Mr. Sridhar Pentela - Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XT GLOBAL) 
Moderator: 
Raghuram Kusuluri: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the XTGlobal Infotech 
Limited Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Rik Capital. 
We have with us today from the XTGlobal Infotech Limited Management, Mr. 
Ramarao Mullapudi — CEO, President and Director, Mr. Raghuram Kusuluri — 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sridhar Pentela — Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer. 
As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
Before we proceed with this call, | would like to take this opportunity to 
remind everyone about the disclaimer related to this conference call. Today’s 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature based on management’s current 
belief and expectations. It must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that 
our business faces that could cause our future results, performance or 
achievements to differ significantly from what may be expressed or implied by 
such forward-looking statements. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghuram Kusuluri for opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Thank you so much. Good evening everyone. Myself Raghuram Kusuluri — 
Chief Financial officer of XTGlobal Infotech Limited. It is my pleasure to 
welcome you to the Q4 and FY24-25 earnings call of XTGlobal Infotech Limited. 
This marks our first maiden investor call and we are delighted to have the 
opportunity to engage with you directly. | trust you all had the chance to 
review our earnings presentation and press release and which is available on 
both the stock exchanges, NSE and BSE. In today’s call we cover our 
performance highlights for the year, share our growth story that defines the 
path ahead and provide a brief overview of XTGlobal Infotech Limited an 
emerging technology and outsourcing service providers focused on research 
transformation and sustainable value creation. 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XT GLOBAL) 
So, XTGlobal Infotech Limited is a trusted IT services, outsourcing and 
consulting company with over 30 years of experience delivering innovative 
technology solutions. We provide a wide range of services including IT 
development management services, business process automation, tailored 
consulting for clients worldwide and accounting outsourcing services. Our 
expertise is in cloud migration, low core development, robotic process 
automation and advanced analytics helps enterprise accelerate their digital 
transformation. With a team of approximately 600 skilled professionals across 
India and the US, we hold certifications like CMMI level 3 and ISO 27001. We 
collaborate with the leading technology partners such as Oracle, Microsoft, 
AWS, and Azure and Automation Anywhere. Our proprietary product surplus 
offers cloud based accounts payable automation showcasing our commitment 
to innovation. Looking ahead, we are optimistic about our growth trajectory. 
We remain focus on enhancing our digital capabilities, expanding into high 
potential verticals and investing in automation and Al and services. Our 
emphasis on recurring revenue, client stickiness and operational excellence is 
expected to drive this terrific growth through FY26 and beyond. 
So, | would brief about the financial performance for the FY25. For the full year 
ended March 31%, 2025, revenue grew by 7.8% year-on-year to X23,414 lakhs 
reflecting strong execution across our digital and outsourcing verticals. EBITDA 
stood at X2,247 lakhs, a decline of 6% year-on-year with EBITDA margins 
moderating to 9.6% down by 141 basis points due to strategic investments 
and certain onetime costs. EBITDA came in at 1,650 lakhs, down by 8.8% 
year-on-year translating to a margin of 7%. Profit after tax stood at 991 lakhs 
down 15.1% year-on-year with PAT margins softening to 4.2% from 5.4% last 
year, the decline in PAT was primarily driven by a non cash ESOP expense of 
%373 lakhs reflecting our continued focus on leadership retention to long term 
incentive plans. This year is the first year we have recognized this expenditure. 
So, our plan is to retain the leadership team so senior people. 
In Q4 FY25, we delivered a strong top-line performance with revenue 8,705 
lakhs, registering a 77.5% quarter-on-quarter growth and 72.7% year-on-year 
growth supported by increased client additions and recurring revenue. We 
added 15 new clients during the quarter, further strengthening our market 
presence and long term revenue visibility. EBITDA for the quarter stood at 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XT GLOBAL) 
Moderator: 
Dhanush Mehta: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Dhanush Mehta: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
%434 lakhs, up 9.9% year-on-year but down 45% sequentially with margins at 
5% impacted by two exceptional items. These were a non cash asset allocation 
of X154 lakhs and certain one-time expenses and enhanced provision. 
Consequently, EBIT came in at X218 lakhs, PAT at X136 lakhs reflecting 
sequential decline but still showing 52.1% year-on-year increase in PAT. 
Excluding these one of items, the underlying business remains profitable and 
healthy with margins expected to normalize in the upcoming quarters. With 
this, | would like to conclude my remarks. | now welcome any questions you 
may have. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
We have our first question from the line of Dhanush Mehta from JM 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is regarding acquisition 
strategy in Europe and Australia. Can you elaborate your acquisition strategy 
in Europe and Australia? Are you targeting market access, tech capabilities or 
both? 
Yes, this is Ramarao Mullapudi — the Managing Director of XTGlobal and CEO. 
So, lwould like to take this opportunity to answer the question, firstthankyou 
all for joining this call. So, for the acquisition strategies, what we have is multi 
fold. Our goal right now, we are mainly focused in the US market from the 
inception in 1998 all the way until now. So, we were actually looking at a 
couple of companies that we are strategic acquisitions similar to what we do 
within those markets is what we are looking at, existing companies in the 
similar line is what we are targeting. We are discussing with opportunities, 
nothing has been lined up at this point of time. We are in the discussion stages. 
While we are doing the acquisitions we are also trying to market within those 
segments through our, especially for account finance and accounting areas 
and IT side within that area markets too. 
Understood sir, and sir, how do you plan to finance these acquisitions in 
through internal accruals, debt or equity issues? 
So, in the beginning 
we are trying to look at both cash as well as debt financing 
primarily and equity also. Little bit of dilution of equity plus cash. 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XTGLOBAL) 
Dhanush Mehta: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Raghuram Kusuluri: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Dhanush Mehta: 
Moderator: 
Abhijit Shah: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Okay and sir what is the debt of the company? 
Right now, Raghuram do you want to go ahead and tell what the current 
outstanding debt and what is the timeline to get that paid off? 
Yes, we have around Rs. 11 crores term loans Mr. Mehta. And we are using 
line of credit of around Rs. 3 crores. And out of that two term loans are about 
to be repaid in a span of three to four months from now and the rest we have 
a two year time period. 
And mainly these term loans were taken for the asset creation in our 
infrastructure development within India within Vishakhapatnam facility and 
our Hyderabad facility. 
Okay sir. Thank you sir. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Shah from White Tree 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
The question is, sir, are you exploring any generative Al or AIML based 
capabilities to enhance existing offers like automation, AP automation or low 
code platforms 
First, | want to little bit brief you on our accounts payable automation. We as 
acompany developed the accounts payable automation platform that is more 
of a software service kind of model. We first initially implemented this new 
product. We are in this business payable automation for 15 years. we have 
major customers within this industry in the US that are recurring in nature and 
we are clocking around over $ 4 million right now within this account payable 
automation, bill payment platform are actually accounts payable automation. 
So, we are doing automation in certain areas of the processes to use Al related 
to quicken and reducing our cost and projected cost, but client spaces for the 
services used based on the number of documents or the number of invoices 
that are being processed through our system, complete end to end processing 
from the time customer sends the invoice to us to get the delivery. The entire 
workflow is done through our system. We have certain customers that are 
paying $20,000 to $30,000 and smaller customers paying around $2,000 to 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XT GLOBAL) 
Shah: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Raghuram Kusuluri: 
Shah: 
Moderator: 
Madhu Sharma: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
$4,000 per month. They are recurring in nature. So, in that area we are trying 
to implement Al to increase our efficiencies. And then on top of that from the 
IT services side also, we partnered with the UiPath for automation and then 
we are serving certain customers, creating bots for customers in the 
automation area as well as having few customers within that area right now. 
Okay, thank you sir. And the next question, has foreign exchange fluctuation 
materially impacted revenue or margins in FY2025. 
Raghu do you want to say how much? 
Yes, we have very little impact on our foreign exchange purchase on our 
revenue. 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Madhu Sharma 
from SK Capital. Please go ahead. 
Good evening sir and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, 
sir, despite the strong top line growth PAT dropped 51.1% YoY in FY25 and sir 
beyond ESOP related expenses, what structural issue or cost elements are 
pressuring net margins? 
For the first quarter, obviously we have to do salary increments in the 
beginning of the year which is happened to be fourth quarter this year. So, 
that impacted little bit of side but most of it is driven is you look at the cash, 
actually returns are much higher, but because we have a lot of amortization 
and interest expenses due to our assets that is something that you would see 
in our financials and ESOPs is a major component that was affected and then 
we have a lot of investments related to Ul path and then these areas of our 
growth areas that we might not have seen the revenue coming in net in those 
areas but we are investing in those areas for the future, that is where we see 
certain impact and the final returns on that and we did not capitalize any of 
that expenditure. 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XTGLOBAL) 
Madhu Sharma: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Raghuram Kusuluri: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Madhu Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Ramarao Mullapudi: 
Okay sir, yes and the next question is with the PAT adjusted at 4.2% for FY25, 
so what internal benchmarks or target are you setting to improve profitability 
in FY26? 
Raghu, do you want to take that call? 
Yes, we are focusing on restructuring and so we are also focusing to reduce 
the cost. So, the client space is also increased this year. This quarter if you see 
we added 15 clients. So that will definitely add to our profits. And we are also 
expecting some external income by way of letting out our property in 
Visakhapatnam. So, that will definitely add to our margins in the coming 
quarters. 
Yes, so to add on to Raghuram’s information, right. First thing is all the 15 plus 
clients that we added this quarter, most of these clients actually signed up 
multiyear contracts with us. Three years is what we look for these clients. So, 
we recognize revenue now but most of these clients are recurring in nature. 
Revenue is more recurring in nature for us, with long term contracts and the 
other thing is that we have built over a period of time we built excess 
infrastructure. We have almost close to 2, 00,000 square feet of office space 
owned by us within Visakhapatnam and then about 25,000 of office space is 
in Hyderabad which we are occupying right now. The excess square footage 
that we have in Visakhapatnam, we are trying to let it out and then we see 
that we are actually negotiating with certain companies that are interested to 
take up the space that will add up the bottom line quite a bit which we see 
about | would guess estimate to there on Rs. 5 crore, Rs. 6 crore of bottom 
line addition if that materializes. 
Yes sir, thank you sir. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, | now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Ramarao Mullapudi for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Thank you all very much for joining this call. We appreciate it very much. 
Please do call us with any questions 
to our Investor Relations team if you have 
any further clarifications that are needed. Thank you once again. Raghuram, 
you want 
to just have few more comments, just please. 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript

XTGLOBAL) 
Raghuram Kusuluri: 
 Yes, thank you. Thank you all for joining us and do feel free to reach out to our 
Investor Relations team for any queries or to our landline number also. So, for 
any queries feel free to reach out to us anytime. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of XTGlobal Infotech Limited, this concludes today’s 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you many now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
Q4 & FY25 Eamnings Conference Call Transcript
