 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  SEC/2105/2025 
 
 
     By E-Filing  
 
    
             May 21, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
BSE Limited       
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 532259      
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Investors Earnings call on Audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) for Q4 and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 (2024-25)  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as 
amended from time to time. 
_______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Kindy refer our letter dated May 14, 2025 under Ref. no. SEC/1405/2025 w.r.t. submission of link of 
Audio Recording of Investors Earnings Call on Audited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) 
for Q4 and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 (2024-25). 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting herewith 
the transcript of the Investors Earnings Call made on May 14, 2025 on the Audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q4 and financial year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company viz. www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanjaya Kunder)  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
SANJAYA 
RAJU 
KUNDER
Digitally signed by SANJAYA RAJU 
KUNDER 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7428, 
2.5.4.20=64ab945fcd681f91dc6d7d98c7
b9cc199f061674ea015f0ce11b898e2cd7
dbb0, postalCode=400083, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0cc5c938eb4e54110332d
07255e723e3bd1a6849c5d87c4f34e5bec
3533aa715, cn=SANJAYA RAJU KUNDER 
Date: 2025.05.21 17:44:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 44 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited Q4 & FY ‘2025 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMBESH TIWARI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 44 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to APAR Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ambesh Tiwari: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. This is Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. I welcome you all for the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call for APAR 
Industries to discuss Business Performance and Outlook. 
We have from the Management side, Mr. Kushal Desai – Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai – Managing Director; and CFO 
– Mr. Ramesh Iyer. 
 
I will now pass on to Mr. Kushal Desai for the opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Thank you, Ambesh. Good evening, everyone. And welcome to the 
APAR Industries’ Q4 and the full year earnings call.  
 
Let me start by actually giving a quick overview of the overall performance 
of the Company: 
I will follow that up with a short update on the industry and the spending 
and trend. And then I would like to get into more details on the segmental 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 44 
performance of the three major businesses. Post all that, we can open up 
the floor to questions. 
 
So, APAR concluded the financial year with both revenue and volume 
growth across all three business verticals. It's an all-time high quarter for 
us. And the first time in our history, our quarterly revenues crossed Rs. 
5,000 crores. So for Q4 FY '25, the consolidated revenue came in at Rs. 
5,210 crores, which is up 16.9% year-on-year. The domestic business 
continued to demonstrate strong growth, and the domestic side is up 
31.4% versus the same period previous year. 
 
Our export mix is at 31.3% for the quarter. The US business has improved 
in this quarter; it is 195.6% higher than what it was over last year's Q4 and 
is 48.1% more than Q3 FY '25. So there has been an increase in the 
execution of orders and the receipt of orders from the US, thus far. 
 
In terms of EBITDA: 
Our EBITDA is up by 5.7% to Rs. 483 crores. It is at 9.3% EBITDA margin. 
The profit after tax came in at Rs. 250 crores, which is about 5.9% higher 
than the previous year. The profit after tax margin is at 4.8%. If you look at 
the 12 months consolidated revenues, we stand at Rs. 18,581 crores, which 
is 15% higher than a year ago. Exports have contributed to 32.8% of 
revenues in FY '25 as opposed to 45.2% in FY '24. 
 
Coming to a few key industry highlights: 
According to the National Electricity Plan, India's peak power demand is 
expected to hit 388 gigawatts by 2031-2032, for which the country would 
require a power generation capacity of 997 gigawatts. This will necessitate 
expanding the transmission and distribution network from source to grid, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 44 
and then through the last mile to the consumer. The Union Government is 
planning to connect all upcoming green energy units to a green national 
grid at an estimated investment of Rs. 4.9 lakh crores between 2027 and 
2032. The NEP has also projected that during the same period, 2027 to 
2032, India's battery energy storage capacity will reach 47 gigawatts, and 
the current capacity is just about 300 megawatts.  
 
On the renewable energy front: 
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy achieved a historic milestone 
in the renewable energy sector for the financial year FY '25. As the country 
has recorded its highest ever renewable energy capacity addition in a 
single year, adding 25 gigawatts, which is nearly a 35% increase over the 
previous year's addition of 18.6 gigawatts. India's solar power sector led 
this growth with the capacity addition rising from 15 gigawatts in FY '24 to 
nearly 21 gigawatts in FY '25, marking an increase of nearly 38%.  
 
The country also achieved a significant milestone of surpassing 100 
gigawatts of installed solar capacity this year. Additionally, India's solar 
module manufacturing capacity has nearly doubled from 38 gigawatts to 
about 74 gigawatts in March '25, while the solar PV cell manufacturing 
capacity has tripled from 9 gigawatts to 25 gigawatts. So all these are 
indicators that show that solar addition should continue to take place at an 
accelerating pace. 
 
Coming to the transmission line and substation addition: 
In FY '25, India's transformation capacity has grown by 7% year-on-year, 
the installed capacity by approximately 5% and the transmission line 
network by approximately 2%. There were many issues with respect to right-
of-way constraints and land acquisition hurdles which impacted growth. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 44 
Also, with the national elections taking place in this financial year, the first 
few months were pretty much lost in terms of all the election-related 
activities with relatively less expansion taking place through that period. 
 
To address the rising demand and to facilitate integration of renewable 
energy sources, the transformation capacity and installed capacity will need 
to grow by exactly 2x and the transmission line network by approximately 
1.3x by 2023. This demand will be largely met through the tariff based 
competitive bidding which is TBCB. 45 Inter-State Transmission Systems or 
what they call ISTS projects will be awarded under the TBCB through this 
period of FY '25 onwards. The Central Transmission Utility of India Limited 
has released a rolling plan which is running up to '29, '30 projecting a 
CAPEX of almost Rs. 4.3 lakh crores for upgrading the ISTS network. 
 
So coming back to financial performance by each of the individual 
segments, we can look at the conductor segment first: 
In the 4th Quarter of FY '25, revenues grew by 24.5% year-on-year, driven 
by strong demand in the domestic market. We also had a higher amount 
of realization in exports from the US. Volumes grew by about 5.9%, exports 
contributed towards 24.5% to the overall revenue. The US revenue grew 
by 142.6% for the conductor division over Q4 FY '24 and 229% over Q3 
of FY '25. If you look at the premium product mix, that has contributed to 
45.9% in Q4 FY '25.  
 
In terms of EBITDA post open period FOREX, that came in at Rs. 41,430 
per metric ton as against Rs. 48,438 per metric ton in the same period last 
year. The product mix and growth in shipments to the US, has led to the 
higher EBITDA per metric ton over what we saw in Q3 FY '25, which had 
come in at a period low of Rs. 18,860 per metric ton. So the order book 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 44 
stands today at Rs. 7,163 crores, new orders received during the quarter 
came in at Rs. 2,114 crores. 
 
On an annual basis, revenues have grown by 19.3%, volume has grown by 
7.8% versus last year. The export mix was 24.2%. So even though the 
volume growth is showing 7.8%, a lot of value-added products, the mix has 
moved towards that, which includes a substitution of the conventional 
ACSR conductors with AL-59, and also the overall copper business has 
grown, with the copper transpose conductors going into the transformers 
being a major leading factor in the growth. 
 
Coming to the oil business: 
The revenues from the operations grew 3.3%, but the volume has grown 
by 9.3% versus the Q4 FY '24. Transformer oil volume growth came in at 
7% higher, automotive oil grew 6% higher, while the industrial lubricant 
size grew by 11.3% year-on-year. Export remains healthy, 41.7% of the mix. 
The EBITDA per KL came in at Rs. 5,873 per KL versus Rs. 4,251 from a 
year-ago.  
 
If you look at the full year period, FY '25, revenue has grown by 5.2% to 
reach Rs. 5,087 crores. The volume growth has been at 7.8%. Transformer 
oil volumes have grown by 14%, driven by stronger demand, both 
domestically as well as overseas. And our automotive sales growth led by 
higher volumes to OEMs has grown by 17.6%. Export for the year 
contributed 44% of the overall revenue. EBITDA per KL for the year came 
in at Rs. 6,145 per KL as opposed to Rs. 5,746 per KL in the previous year. 
 
Now, coming to the metrics of our cable business: 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 44 
Our cable business revenue for Q4 FY '25, it posted a strong revenue 
growth of 29.9%, 30%, to reach Rs. 1,410 crores on the back of both 
strong domestic demand as well as increased shipments to the US. 
Continued infrastructure CAPEX has led to domestic business growth, this 
includes shipments to various data centers that are being set up in the 
country and is covering not only Amazon but also Google, Microsoft and 
Adani. Export mix came in at 28.4% in Q4 FY '25 versus 24.7% in Q4 FY 
'24. The US revenues grew by 268% over Q4 of FY '24. 
 
Coming to the EBITDA post-forex, that recorded a year-on-year growth of 
21.5% to reach Rs. 150 crores. The EBITDA margin is slightly down by 
0.7% versus what we had in Q4 FY '24, but it is up 1% versus what we had 
in Q3 FY '25. So this has contributed from a better product mix and larger 
shipments to the US. Scale economics has also added to improve the 
EBITDA margin over Q3 of FY '25. The pending order in the cable business 
is at about Rs. 1,500 crores. So if you look at the revenues for the 12 
months FY '25 for the full year, that has grown by 28.1%. Domestic 
business grew by 43%, the export mix stands at 31%, and the EBITDA post 
FOREX grew 13.4% to reach Rs. 498 crores for the year. 
 
So the US business has shown a recovery in this quarter, which along with 
continued domestic business growth has resulted in an all-time high 
revenue for the Company as well as for the conductor division, oil division 
and the cable division, individually. This was in spite of the general election 
and some of the supply chain disruptions that happened, and the poor US 
demand which happened in the first part of the year. We have also seen 
increased Chinese competition which has posed challenge in terms of 
export to countries where the Chinese products are well accepted, which 
includes some parts of Africa, Latin America and Europe. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 44 
 
We believe that the fundamentals of the business remain intact, and we are 
optimistic that we will continue to be able to deliver sustainable and healthy 
business in the coming periods. The US tariff situation continues to have a 
bit of an overhang until there is a DTA in place with the US. Hopefully, this 
is at an advanced stage, and we hope that the outcome will be favorable 
for India relative to what tariff is being charged to other countries. 
 
I would just like to reiterate the fact that over 40% of the wires and cables 
and conductors are imported into the United States, which is over $20 
billion from a total market which is about $55 million. And with this whole 
energy transition moving towards more electricity-based demand and with 
the growth of hyperscaler data centers where the largest number of data 
centers being added are in the United States, we would continue to see 
the US as being an important and a strategic market. The gap remains so 
high that the only way that the electrification can continue is with import of 
products. Within hopefully a short time the overhang should actually settle 
down in terms of where exactly this stands. 
 
The Company is actually stepping up substantially its CAPEX plan. We 
completed CAPEX of about Rs. 500 crores in FY '25. We have a plan of 
adding Rs. 1,300 crores of CAPEX through FY '26 and running into the 1st 
Quarter of FY '27. So the CAPEX should go in the next 12 to 15 months. 
And considering commissioning, in about 18 months we should have most 
of this equipment up and running. This includes about Rs. 800 crores on 
the cable side with building of a brand new site. Post this expansion, we 
would expect a turnover to be able to be generated from that complex, 
which would take the business up to about Rs. 10,000 crores of capacity 
that we would have from what we have executed this year, which is close 
to Rs. 5,000 crores. So it's essentially being able to double the capacity of 
the business. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 44 
 
We are looking at adding about Rs. 300 crores of CAPEX to the conductor 
business, and that includes some of the rods which need to be produced 
for our cable business as well. We are also expecting to spend about Rs. 
200 crores in the oil business, where we are building a brand-new storage 
terminal in the JNPT port, so that we can cut down the supply chain cost of 
bringing product into the country, better distribute it across the 
manufacturing facilities we have. And this is also going to allow us to be 
able to do bulk exports from the terminal of transformer oils, white oils, 
and pharmaceutical oils, which is something that APAR has not had so far. 
We have had to resort to doing export only through flexi bags and 
containers. 
 
So in conclusion, I would say that looking at the situation today that I have 
explained, we are fairly bullish in terms of how the business will develop 
over the next few years. We are loading up front the CAPEX that we 
planned, so that we have the capacities in place as the demand in the 
business continues to grow. We also have a very detailed Corporate 
Presentation in the Investors Section of our website; I would encourage you 
to please go through that to get a more detailed perspective on the 
Company's activities and strategy. 
 
So with that, I come to the end of my opening remarks, and we would be 
very happy to open up the floor to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good evening, sir. Absolutely fantastic job on the profitability. My first 
question is, from the looks of it, it looks like you are selling a lot of non-
premium conductors in the domestic market. Still, you have been able to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 44 
maintain the EBITDA per ton. What explains the strong profit despite your 
exports? Is it AL-59? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, as you see, in this particular Q4, we have about 45% of the products 
coming from the premium products that we have, and this is actually 
excluding AL-59. AL-59, we are still categorizing it as a standard non-
premium product. So 45% of the products are premium, giving a higher 
margin, plus you have AL-59 as a non-premium product, but still the 
margins are higher compared to the conventional business. 
 
Secondly, if you see, this particular quarter we have rebounded in terms 
of the US business. The turnover from the US business has increased, 
where the margins are higher, and that has also resulted in high margin, 
especially in this particular quarter. So broadly, these two are the reasons 
that have helped. And also if you see, the copper business is also scaling 
up, the margin and the products. And the mix of copper is going up, that 
is also helping us to increase the margins of the overall conductor division. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is on the US. The US looks to be a lot more uncertain 
compared to the last quarter, right? But is it impacting our sales in Q1? Is 
it a fair assumption that Q1 will be weak in the time, and we get the clarity 
as we go forward, and the US will pick once we have the FTA is in place? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, Mohit, Q1, actually, we are still continuing, on the cable side still we 
have got a green signal for a lot of the material which had been planned 
to be produced in the month of April, May and June. As you know, the 
tariff falls has happened up to the 9th of July. So, a lot of the order book 
which was there, we got to continue to execute that. Some of the customers 
who are already at advanced stages of executing on their projects have 
even agreed to pay whatever is the differential tariff that comes in post the 
9th of July as well, because the cables are required to complete their 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 44 
projects. So, you would not see that dip actually taking place substantially 
in Q1.  
 
Also keep in mind that a lot of product is already in the DDP stage, meaning 
DDP as in it's in transit. So, all that revenue will be booked in the 1st Quarter 
of FY '26. Similarly, even on the conductor side, there is a product which 
is being delivered. We have got clearances to produce and dispatch 
product for this quarter. I think beyond this quarter, many customers are 
just waiting to see what is going to happen. Both from the US side as well 
as from the Indian side there have been various announcements of trade 
delegations going back and forth, very high level, right from Vice President 
of the United States, Commerce Minister of India, etc. And the sense is 
that, whatever be the final situation that settles, India should hopefully not 
be at the disadvantage as compared to other countries. 
 
 
Now, if you see the major places from where cables were being imported 
into the US, looking at the US import statistics, countries were basically 
Vietnam, Cambodia, Indonesia, India, Mexico. From where, the kind of 
product range that we are exporting, the competition is coming from. Both 
Cambodia and Vietnam are seen as a proxy for China. And their duty rates 
are much higher than whatever were the tariffs that were originally 
declared. India being at 26%, these two countries were at 44% and 46%, 
respectively. And Mexico at 25%. So, that was what was announced. Then 
the pause came in, so everybody is at 10% currently. And we will have to 
wait and watch.  
 
That's why I said in my opening remarks that there is a bit of an overhang. 
But I think the market requires a very, very substantial amount of import. 
It's exceeding $20 billion. And the kind of demand that's coming from 
data centers and these things, one is continuing to scale up. One of the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 44 
highlights which I did not mention in the opening remarks is that we have 
got, after supplying Microsoft quite satisfactorily in India, we have gone 
onto the global vendor list for supply to data centers in the United States. 
And so that I think is another area that we are looking forward to be now 
able to participate in various RFQs that come up through our FY '26 
onwards. Does that answer your question? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, sir. It does, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. Thank you. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Motwani from Tara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. The first question is on the 
conductor exports. Now, we saw very strong growth in the US exports on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. Can you talk about the outside US markets, what 
we have seen there? Because I think in the last quarter the US was soft and 
other geographies were helping to get growth. But I think in this quarter it 
seems there's some moderation in the outside US market, so if you can 
speak about that. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, I think last quarter, we had actually explained in one of the questions 
that outside the US and India, the rest of the markets were weak for us, 
because the Chinese competition was very aggressive. So this is the 
situation for the quarter which has just got over as well. And even for the 
future also, the immediate future, we see the situation continuing. It's the 
domestic market which is doing well in India. 
 
On the US side, also in the last six months what we have been doing is that 
we have been actually working in improving our on-the-ground presence 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 44 
in the US. So, APAR today has four employees, one very senior advisor 
and three employees on the ground in the US on the cable side. There's 
one person who is being seconded there on the conductor side, full-time. 
And we have been signing up distribution and reps, manufacturing reps, 
which is what they call in the US, the people we have signed up is covering 
about 75% of the US market. So we have been systematically working with 
them to increase our approvals in the public utilities, in the independent-
owned utilities, as well as in the commercial industrial space, including real 
estate. 
 
So on the ground the thing is, the US market maybe made quite a lot of 
advances in terms of on-the-ground presence, on-the-ground approval. I 
also mentioned about Microsoft approval just a couple of minutes ago. So, 
as Chaitanya mentioned, in other markets you are finding a lot of Chinese 
competition. There is a subsidy which is in the region of about 8% to 12% 
coming in from China. Selected premium products, we signed up some 
business in Latin America for HPLS and a few other premium products. But 
otherwise, the domestic market continues to remain very strong. And the 
prospects in the US are looking better. If this tariff overhang wasn't there, 
I think we would have been looking at a very, very substantial runway and 
growth there. But we are optimistic that this thing will also get resolved.  
 
Keep in mind that basic import duty for aluminum is at 25%, even today, 
in the US. So as a consequence, even the local manufacturers are facing 
an increase taking place. And that is not based on any reciprocal tariff etc., 
there is a separate notification out, which is under Section-232, under 
which this higher tariff has been applied for aluminum, steel and a few 
other products. So, even though we see that non-US exports are not looking 
very attractive because of the pricing, the Indian market itself is very strong. 
And the US market, it will settle down, and we are quite optimistic that the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 44 
business there is going to grow. So we are basically gearing ourselves up 
to be able to make sure that we meet all that demand coming up. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Sure. Thank you for the detailed color. One more question on your 
employee expenses, any reason for the sharp drop quarter-on-quarter, is 
there any reason for that? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, there is no specific reason for this. Some of the estimates, based on 
quarterly numbers we revised the employee benefit expenses. There is no 
specific reason for the drop in the numbers. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Okay. Sure. And one more question on your cables, you mentioned the 
front-end CAPEX of Rs. 800 crores. So in the previous calls we have guided 
for 25% revenue growth of cables. So this incremental CAPEX, does it 
increase our guidance for cables or is this already factored in the higher 
CAPEX? Is the 25% growth factored in the higher CAPEX? 
Kushal Desai: 
So we are still guiding a 25% growth for the simple reason that, if you see, 
by the time this whole thing is executed and in place, it is really going to 
be available for revenues that kick in from FY '27 onwards. This most of 
the money is going into the greenfield site, where almost 48 acres of 
property is being completely built up. All the civil infrastructure will be in 
place. And we are making an investment essentially a year ahead, so that 
we have a clear runway to get to Rs. 10,000 crores in business. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Got it. Thanks for the answers. I will jump back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from 
PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. And first of all, congratulations 
for the strong numbers. First question, in continuation to cables again, sir, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 44 
you said that we will be investing Rs. 800 crores and revenue is going to 
double in the next three-four years. I wanted to understand this incremental 
Rs. 5,000 crores revenue, as we have been also discussing in the past the 
specialty cables like elastomeric, E-beam and low-duty cables also, so 
where the focus will be in this capacity expansion? And will it be margin 
accretive? Any guidance or directional margins which we are targeting to 
achieve? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, in terms of where the capacity expansion is happening, all varieties of 
cables are expanding. So we are looking, if you take the XLP side, which 
is the power cable side, our medium voltage capability, which is your 11 
kV, 33 kV and then in this expansion, we will also have the ability to 
manufacture 132 kV and up to 220 kV. So the testing equipment, 
manufacturing equipment, everything is going in. So our total capacity to 
produce medium voltage cables and up to 220 kV cables, if we aggregate 
that, it will go up by 4x from what it is as of today. So there is a new line, 
two new lines coming in, two existing lines getting transferred to the new 
plant and getting completely rebuilt. So that there will be not only this 
capacity expansion, but our utility costs and conversion costs will also 
substantially fall. 
 
Then if you come to the low-tension cable side, because we do a whole lot 
of specialty LP cables, UL approved for the US market, which go into the 
residential, commercial, industrial, utility, etc. So that portion of the 
business also the capacity will double from what it is today. We are also 
looking at doubling the capacity that we have for the medium voltage 
cables that go into windmills. So we are seeing a big resurgence on the 
windmill side. And our sense is that there will be modernization schemes 
that will come up.  

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 44 
 
If you look at the windmill landscape, if you see, once upon a time the wind 
power was much more than solar power, if you dial back about 10 years. 
And those windmills which have gone in are all very low capacity. The 
windmills are 250 kilowatts, etc. Today, the minimum standard is 3.3 
megawatts, 3.5 megawatts. So, a lot of new windmills are being added to 
form the hybrid combination of wind and solar. In addition to that, we 
expect that over the next few years, a very good policy will come in which 
will upgrade the old windmills to be modernized for new windmills, 
because that real estate is already occupied by windmills which are actually 
of very low capacity, the best tracts of land where the wind is at very high 
velocity.  
 
So, the wind side is also going to increase. We are substantially increasing; 
we have already increased our electron beam capability. There is one more 
machine coming in. So, the amount of solar cables which we can produce, 
we have doubled the solar cable production between FY '24 and FY '25, 
and we will have the capability to double that from FY '25 as we go into 
FY '27. So, all around you will see all categories we will have the ability to 
expand. We are also bringing in some new equipment on the cable side 
to be able to make much higher volume of cables that go into the Indian 
defense where you need very specialized type of equipment to make those 
cables. We expect that over the next few years; defense spending is not 
only increasing but the indigenization content is also increasing. That 
includes the cables which we are going to supply. 
 
So, all around we see on the cable side the growth and we do not want to 
miss out on these opportunities. So, we are expanding our capacity at least 
one year ahead of time because it is very difficult in a growth phase like 
this to time exactly when the growth will happen. So, all varieties of cables 
clearly we have got expansion in place. The only area where we are not 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 44 
expanding is in optical fiber. The optical fiber side is because there we see 
that the OFC cable demand is actually quite poor at this stage. So, our 
concentration is on everything other than OFC. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Right, sir. My second question, sir, again on the US business, though 
there is a very good comeback and resurgence in US business which has 
happened for us this quarter and you highlighted there was some 
overhang. So wanted to understand what is still bothering us, will it be 
landed cost which because of tariff might impact our competitiveness? 
Because you have highlighted that the business in US is still strong, data 
centers plus the macro demand there, and you highlighted that massive 
imports are still happening in the US for cables and conductors.  
Kushal Desai: 
Sorry, I am cutting you, there are three data points that I mentioned which 
is the best information that we have as of today. One is that there is an over 
$20 billion annual import that is taking place and is likely to continue. 
Second thing is that the key exporting countries into the US, India even at 
the moment is not at a disadvantage relative to Mexico, Vietnam, Cambodia 
and Indonesia. So, in that sense also we are not so badly off. Hopefully the 
tariffs will be down lower than what they are. 
 
The third thing is that the US is importing aluminum, and that at the moment 
is under a special Section-232 where the tariff is at 25%. And that Section-
232 is based on products which need to be manufactured in the US in the 
long run, and is of strategic importance. So, if you look at these data points, 
it does  not point towards us having, I am sure that we are very optimistic 
that things should settle down. So, you may find a little disruption in the 
short-term but hopefully it will iron itself out over time. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 44 
Amit Anwani: 
Right, sir. Sir finally, any guidance you would like to give for EBITDA per 
ton growth or maybe also for the oil business EBITDA per KL, any guidance 
you would like to give for FY '26? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So in terms of oil division, the volume growth we are looking at about 6% 
to 8% and EBITDA guidance is about Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 per KL. In the 
conductor division, we are looking at a volume growth of about 10%, and 
EBITDA per metric ton of Rs. 30,000 plus tailwinds on a 12 months basis. 
In case of cable business it would be value growth of 25% and EBITDA 
range of 10% to 12% on a 12-month basis. 
Amit Anwani: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Sundar from Axis 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin: 
Hi, sir. This is Nitin here from Axis Mutual Fund. Sir, just one question on 
the non-US business. You articulated your context, I think, over the last two, 
three quarters that competition is really increasing from the Chinese players 
in the non-US market. But how are you thinking about it? Because it's also 
a very decent piece which is coming down quarter-by-quarter. So is there 
something backward integration or localization or putting a subassembly 
there helps you? I just want to know how as a promoter you are thinking 
about it. Will it structurally keep perennial issue? It keeps coming down 
only now. There is no chance of recovering back. How one should think 
about this business, if you can throw some light on the non-US part. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So the thing is, with the Chinese government policies, we have seen in the 
past also, at times they have kind of subsidized the aluminum and steel in 
China. So that has given the advantage at that time. But these things go in 
cycles and cannot be predicted. So, we do not want to kind of do any 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 44 
backward integration or any such thing in China because, again, we may 
not be able to have that sustainable advantage. It's all dependent on how 
the Chinese government policy is from time to time. 
Kushal Desai: 
On the contrary, we are looking at, and we had mentioned this in the 
previous earnings call as well, and we have gone ahead to appoint advisors 
to look at manufacturing in the United States. And so that exercise is actually 
going on. Because not only do you have tariffs and a potential tariff 
overhang, but there are certain projects which are being executed. And 
there are certain public utilities in the US who want to buy only US-
manufactured products because of the way in which they get compensated 
etc., etc. It's a very complex sort of network in the US.  
 
And there are customers who pay a premium for immediate delivery, very 
short notice delivery. So that exercise is going on. So rather than looking 
at backward integrating and doing anything in China, we are looking more 
in terms of wanting to produce and expedite production in the United 
States, given that market is such a large market, and will continue to be a 
large market over the next decade or so. 
Nitin: 
Sir, the CAPEX which you have announced, does that entail a picture of 
putting something in US as well? Or that will be fresh investments that we 
should look this year announcement should come, or how are you thinking 
about that? 
Kushal Desai: 
So this current investment is all the investment that's going into our existing 
manufacturing plants in India as well as there's a piece in the UAE for our 
oil business where we are putting in some new tankage and stuff over there. 
So it's all in our existing manufacturing facilities plus this greenfield facility 
coming up in the cable side. So the US will be something that will be over 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 44 
and above this. And then the growth numbers would be also different, 
wherein there will be additional growth to support that investment. 
Nitin: 
Okay. Now why I am asking this sir, sorry for again now pressing on this 
because there's a recent agreement that happened with China as well, the 
FTA between the US and China. Can you throw some light, because now 
the articles are not out yet which product gets about 25% or a 30% duty 
versus us. Can you throw some light if when we send a conductor from 
here to US versus what China now will send to US, has the duty arbitrage 
has become very narrowed down or still the arbitrage is  20% to 30%? 
Kushal Desai: 
So if you see, what has happened is that everything has reverted back with 
a 10% delta to what was existing. So there is an additional duty of 10% 
which is put on every single country, right? And in the case of China that 
additional is 30%, because previously the delta between others and China 
was 20%. So what the Trump administration has done is, they have 
recalibrated back to whatever deltas were there with a 10% increase. So 
that is what is happening in this 90-day period. I guess the Chinese 90-day 
period is a little bit different than the rest of the world because we were 
from maybe 9th of April onwards to put this in place. But otherwise the 
economics, I do not think that there is anything more favorable going to 
come into China relative to India, that Delta will probably remain, and the 
signaling is that it's going to remain at 20%. 
Nitin: 
So basically I was asking this only that going forward the US itself will 
become very important for us and non-US will now face a perennial issue 
until unless you feel that you set up a plant in US, which can cater to the 
other parts of the world at a less cost. 
Kushal Desai: 
So the plant in the US, will look at catering to the US, and especially those 
utilities which buy US, products and which work on short deliveries. What 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 44 
Chaitanya has mentioned is that, even in the past the Chinese have done 
this, in the last 15 years, this is the third time that they are subsidizing by 
this time a lot more by 8% to 12%. But that adds up in multiple billions of 
dollars. 
 
The way they do that is they subsidize the price of the metal for our industry, 
there are other ways of subsidizing for other industries. So that bill 
becomes a massive bill over a period of time. So they have after doing it 
for X number of months or up to a year or year and a half then they pull 
that off and then again you have a period where the Chinese people then, 
are not in a position to compete as much. So we believe that these sort of 
cycles of subsidy are there to meet a certain objective and when the bill 
becomes too hefty then it gets reduced. And we have seen that happen 
twice before in the last 15 years at least. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
I will also add there that a lot of this is because the Chinese government 
has tried to help their manufacturers who earlier had a decent market in 
the US, and then finally they were out of the US, market. So then to help 
them to penetrate the rest of the markets this kind of subsidy is being given. 
So if suppose things may at some point not be, so difficult for the Chinese 
manufacturers in the US market, then it is possible that subsidy may also 
get reduced out. But we can't say for sure what will happen exactly as of 
today. But this is one of the reasons we were given to understand from 
people that we have been talking to in China. 
Nitin: 
Got it. And sir this last question on the guidance of EBITDA per ton, I mean, 
this has become the very difficult number for us to predict but given the 
Rs. 30,000 per ton kind of a guidance next year, plus the tailwind, what 
Ramesh said, generally you know your order book of conductors from the 
very first day. It's just when what gets executed becomes difficult, right, to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 44 
assess in which quarter. And in the current order backlog, is it safe to 
assume that 40% to 45% is still premium? And that's where, at that 
premium level, this guidance of Rs. 30,000 per ton is given on an 
annualized basis. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So the way the guidance has been given is based on an estimated 
number for 12 months. And a lot of it, we do not have an order book as of 
now, but it's more of medium-term guidance that we have given, because 
the pending order book that we have also has some deliveries that may fall 
beyond FY '27. About 20% of the pending order books are those deliveries 
that can happen after FY '26. And we, at the same time, we also get a lot 
of orders during the quarter, and that has to be executed in the quarter. 
So typically, it's very difficult to estimate EBITDA for our line of business, 
and we have always been saying that we need to look at this EBITDA on a 
12 monthly basis rather than on a quarterly basis. But based on the 
premiumization and the mix changes that we have worked out, we feel that 
any time it could be anywhere about Rs. 30,000 plus tailwinds. That 
depends on the kind of product mix and the geography mix that we do. 
Kushal Desai: 
So you see last year also, there's been, because of the election year and 
things, a lot of HDLS and upgrade projects did not happen. They are also 
in the process of various tenders have come up, etc., etc. So if these 
premium things keep on happening, then if you saw, we had said that if 
you take a five year period or an average, we were talking about Rs. 
25,000 to Rs. 26,000, then we upgraded it to Rs. 27,000 to Rs. 28,000. 
Now with the mix of products and what we see, we can further upgrade it 
to Rs. 30,000. So as more and more time passes by on the execution of 
these things and the visibility on these things, then I guess we would be in 
a position to then keep revising the guidance. But Rs. 30,000 is a guidance 
which, as Ramesh says, it's a medium-term guidance that you can work on. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 44 
Nitin: 
Got it. That's very helpful, team, and all the very best. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Dhawan from 
Valuequest. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. A question on the domestic conductors 
business. So we have seen a strong growth in the domestic business, about 
64% growth in FY '25. Just wanted to understand going into FY '26, what 
is the outlook and what could be the drivers for growth to be able to grow 
from a very good growth we have seen in this year already, the domestic 
conductors business? 
Kushal Desai: 
We look at the growth thing more from a blended totality point of view. 
The domestic business has grown 64%. What we look at, what is the higher 
EBITDA per metric ton, whether it be domestic or exports. And based on 
this thing and also based on our factory utilization, we are kind of executing 
the orders. So I would say that we will more be guided with a blended 
growth rather than looking at domestic and exports for the division. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Understood. Just a follow-up. Just based on the demand environment that 
you see in the domestic market today, would it be fair to assume that next 
year as well there could be a double-digit sort of a growth or any number 
on the, purely on the domestic growth outlook? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So the market outlook looks positive with the kind of transformation 
capacity and transmission line that is needed. And based on various 
documents that is there for 2030 till 2031 onwards, the market outlook is 
positive. Our growth will largely depend on where the higher margin for 
your metric ton is there. And accordingly, we will allocate capacity either 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 44 
to domestic or exports based on the profitability that we get out of the 
orders. 
Kushal Desai: 
If I may just add to Ramesh's, like, we have grown by this percentage. As 
you saw in the opening remarks, that the transmission network has grown 
only by 2%. The transmission line network, because of various right-of-way 
issues, the election period, there's been a lot of manpower shortage also. 
During that whole election period, there was a big manpower shortage, 
etc. So if these plans are executed, and we can see that several very, very 
mega solar projects are coming up. Solar, wind, and hybrids are coming 
up. If the pace of the transmission line additions start increasing, then you 
will see even further levels of growth. That's one of the reasons why we 
have been quite aggressive in terms of wanting to add the CAPEX in place 
so that we can proactively get after the demand rather than react to the 
demand. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Understood, sir. Just in terms of the CAPEX that you are adding on the 
conductor side, you said Rs. 300 crores. How much of capacity are we 
adding in terms of metric tons per year by the CAPEX? 
Kushal Desai: 
It could be about 10% will get added. So about 25,000 tons, but this 
25,000 tons is capable of being made for all the premium type products 
as well, so you have HPLS, you have CPC, all of those high-end products 
can be made with this 25,000 ton expansion. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Got it. And one last question from my side, what would be our market share 
in the domestic conventional conductors market and in the AL-59, if you 
have the numbers off-hand? 
Chaitanya 
 Desai: It's about 25% or so. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 44 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Understood. Thanks. Thanks for the taking my question. 
Kushal Desai: 
It would be much higher than the HPLS and those premium types. Yes. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Okay. Thank you. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 
Maulik Patel: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Kushal bhai, I have never seen you so much 
bullish in the last 15 years of tracking you. Given that you are spending 
close to Rs. 1,300 crores over the next 18 months, almost 50% higher than 
what your current gross block is at, and you have summarized your 
optimism that various government schemes and the CAPEX which is driving 
that. I have just one question on that. How are you going to fund this CAPEX 
of Rs. 1,300 crores? Because we have never done this kind of CAPEX in 
such a short period of time over in our history. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we just had discussions at the Board level itself on that. And the plan 
is to do Rs. 650 crores coming from our equity and Rs. 650 crores coming 
from a long-term debt. So, we will use a one-to-one equity-debt 
combination to fund this. 
Maulik Patel: 
Got it. And the second question is that, in terms of, see, look at that when 
you had hardly any margin in Cable, 10, 12 years back, now you are almost 
Rs. 5,000 crores of top-line and 10%, 11% margin. Cable was hardly 
contributing anything to the operating profit at that point of time and now 
almost 30% plus. Where you are at and the way your CAPEX plan is that 
you want to bring Cable from Rs. 5,000 crores to Rs. 10,000 crores. Are 
we going to see more and more of a Cable Company in the future than the 
other two? Obviously, today, the conductor EBITDA is relatively on the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 44 
higher side and probably sustained for the next one or two years. But 
eventually, in the next three to four years, the mix will be much more 
towards Cable and less towards other two businesses. Is that what you think 
about the business? 
Kushal Desai: 
So I think, Maulik, our position is that we want to support all the three 
businesses, be agnostic to supporting one business more versus the other. 
I think we did that raise, the equity raise in November of 2023, simply 
because we wanted a stronger balance sheet in place to allow all the 
businesses to grow on their own merit. So, whereas we see that the cable 
business has the largest addressable market, and as a consequence, as we 
are also growing from strength to strength in terms of all those specialty 
products, specialty applications, the conductor business itself, being 50% 
of our revenue, is also growing at a fairly rapid pace, all over the world, 
transmission lines are to be added. 
 
So, we are equally bullish on both of those businesses. Within the oil 
business, the transformer oil business is also growing at double-digits. It's 
the other lubricant pieces which are growing relatively slower, and we are 
quite happy with that, let it be at whatever, and this still growing more than 
the market is doing. So, I do not think, as a management, I do not think we 
are looking at supporting one business more than the other. We would like 
to support each of the businesses on its own merit, and as long as it makes 
economic sense to invest in that and grow it, we are going ahead and 
doing it. So, you will see the cable forming a larger percentage of the total 
revenue because it is going to grow at a faster pace than conductors, and 
the oil business will probably be at the slowest pace of the three. Already, 
in FY '26, you will find the cable business being larger than the specialty 
oil business in terms of revenue. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 44 
Maulik Patel: 
No, I think profit it is already much larger than the TSO segment. Just one 
question on the net earned balance sheet. What is the acceptance on the 
books at the end of FY '25? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It's about Rs. 3,500 crores, Maulik. 
Maulik Patel: 
We remain the same, right? I think, compared to last year, the number has 
been pretty much stagnant. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. Because we have deployed a lot of cash into cash purchases, the 
available profits have been deployed into cash purchases, and that's where 
as you know. And also, the earlier statement that we talked about the 
funding of that, half of it will be debt and half of it will actually be internal 
accruals, just instead of equity. Equity actually meant already the internal 
accruals or internal cash that we have on our books. So, currently, all this 
cash has been used to pay more or get purchases on cash basis. And 
therefore, as you rightly said, the acceptance level has increased. Once we 
deploy money of this cash into CAPEX, we will see a higher acceptances 
going forward. 
Maulik Patel: 
You really see the higher number on the acceptance side next financial 
year? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, as the money will get deployed into CAPEX, that is where it will get 
funded from. 
Kushal Desai: 
But you will also see in the actual working capital management that we have 
grown the business and reduced the number of days that we use the cash. 
It's almost down by a week, seven to eight days, overall. So net working 
capital is also down seven to eight days. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 44 
Maulik Patel: 
Got it. And just last question, if you allow me to, we heard earlier that some 
of these EPC players like KEC which has gone into and set up the conductor 
plant, right, own captive consumption. And I think Adani was looking to, 
and they acquired the Diamond Power, and they are also adding it. Why 
do you say this new conductor capacity is coming up in the domestic 
market and do you think that that will have any kind of bearing on a longer-
term conductor margin? Because you have, I have seen that you keep 
adding your value-added products, you keep investing in R&D and stuff 
coming out with a new product, which has been your niche over the last 
seven, eight years. And that has reduced volatility in the conductor margin 
at a large extent. But these upcoming capacities, are they more for the 
traditional conductor or are they more for the specialist, I mean premium 
conductor? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the thing is, Maulik, that the kind of investment, which is being made, 
for example, KEC in conductors, they will produce the conventional type 
of conductors, ACSR, AL-59. I think we not only produce that, and I have 
produced it quite efficiently because we are fully integrated, including 
doing our own alloying, etc. So they have developed their alloying 
technology for AL-59, but we have developed the alloying technology not 
only for AL-59, but we do gap conductors, ACSS, ACCC, we do a whole 
range of copper products. 
 
Next year, our copper business will be over Rs. 3,000 crores, which will 
be, if you just look at the cable companies, we will be in the top 10 cable 
companies on copper. Not even 10, maybe the fifth or sixth largest. If you 
just look at it, copper has been produced on the conductor side. So, the 
business has evolved quite a lot. We do a lot of specialized EPC as well, 
which supports these premium products. So I think, for us, we are playing 
an infinite game. We are interested in increasing our own product mix, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 44 
figuring out what are the products. So, you have got people like the large 
developers who are also bidding on TBCB lines to evacuate power from 
some of the generation sources that they have. We are in dialogue with 
them, saying that, why are you looking at only conventional conductors. 
We can offer you a full range of other products, which can reduce your 
losses, your cost of ownership, etc. 
 
So the game that we are playing is now completely moved away from just 
producing a conventional conductor. The same thing is there on the cable 
side. On the cable side if you want to get into renewable energy, so on the 
renewable energy, there is a certain Indian standard, but there is a much 
higher standard that exists in Australia and in Europe. There is also a higher 
US standard that exists in the United States. So we are making products of 
all those standards. We are now pitching those products, and we supply 
thousands of kilometers to these countries.  
 
Why do not you look at upgrading in India to those standards? Because 
they are all meant for being able to weather the weather. Temperature 
fluctuations, the hostility in terms of wind, sunshine, all those things. Water. 
You see, there is a lot of stuff going into deserts and into probably into the 
Rann of Kutch and those areas. So that's all salty terrain or it's desert terrain. 
So there are different types of products that can come up to better manage 
the application. Because these panels are supposed to last for 35, 40 years. 
 
We have just launched a new, we were the first to do APAR Anushakti in 
the country, the E-beam house wire. Now today, you have RR Cable has 
come in, Finolex has come in, Polycab has come in, V-Guard has come in. 
Everybody is trying to follow. We have come up with an upgraded product 
that instead of carrying 50% more current, it carries 100% more current. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 44 
Instead of having 50-year life, it has a 70-year life. And this is zero-halogen 
product, so it's less toxic in case an accident does take place. 
 
So I think we are constantly in a position to keep upgrading and that's the 
game that we want to play. So whether Birla enters this or whether you have 
Adani entering the wires business, I think there's enough and more 
business available for players like us to continue to innovate and sell in 
different segments and different geographies. 
Maulik Patel: 
What kind of growth you delivered in FY '25 on the Anushakti side? 
Kushal Desai: 
37% growth. 
Maulik Patel: 
That makes close to around Rs. 350 crores top-line on that? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, about Rs. 375 crores. Yes. 
Maulik Patel: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks, Kushal bhai. Thanks very much. Thanks for taking 
my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Kizuna Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers and thank you for 
giving me the opportunity. So my first question is like, in network 
Vodafone, there were a lot of companies that were front running due to 
the US search. So have we seen searches value in our clients? And second, 
sir now with this, so much tariff wars in Q1/Q2, so are we expecting that 
companies will pilot in UK and then we will see an increase of inventory 
de-inventorization phase again? 
Kushal Desai: 
Sir, your first question we did not understand, can you repeat? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 44 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Sir, like in Q4, we have seen a lot of companies front running their tariffs. 
Like a lot of companies started building up their inventory, so have you 
seen the same phenomenon? In the secondary, now with the tariff pause, 
so our companies start building their inventory and now are we seeing 
inventories being built up and then we will see a phase of de-
inventorization in Q2 or Q3? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, it's a good question. I do not think, Nikhil, that's not what we are seeing 
at our end. We have a significant amount of our shipments which are going 
in directly to EPC players and project sites. So, those are against specific 
requirements which are there. We are not really seeing a big inventory 
build-up. Also, many distribute, import distributors wanted to place much 
larger orders on us but we had already booked out our capacity. So, we 
were not in a position to take on, we did not have any spare capacity. 
Everything was already allocated, and orders were booked. So, those are 
getting executed. 
 
And the kind of client mix which we are looking at because now we have 
got a bunch of, we have got a sales team on the ground and working with 
manufacturing reps. We are no longer looking at being overly dependent 
on an import distributor. We are the ones who, actually stock up. They also 
sell a lot of cables in their own brand name through multi-listing on the US, 
whereas the APAR focus is to sell also a lot of APAR branded products with 
approval from end customers. 
 
So, I think for us the overhang is just basically in terms of the tariff and 
clarity on that so that people can price their product, correctly. And our 
sense is that hopefully it will get resolved within the period of these 90-
days. And then as the business, the new orders start coming in, they will 
come in from a much larger set of customers. So, we are not worried about 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 32 of 44 
any front-loading or, front-running, etc., or an inventory overhang. At least 
as of now, that does  not seem to be the case. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
That's great to hear. That's absolutely great to hear. Sir, my second question 
is, like, how were the inquiries in the month of April and May? And now, 
as you said that China is providing 8% to 12% subsidiary. So, are we 
expecting price wars in the US, market too? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the serious buyers have actually been quite wary of wanting to, sign 
things up. The US China relationship, as you can see, is extremely volatile. 
And, the 90-day truce, as I mentioned just a few minutes earlier, which is 
there, is keeping the same delta as was one existing before. So we do not 
see anything like substantially changing as such. In fact the Chinese 
competition is hurting us in non-US markets, we are not so worried about 
China in the US market. We have to compete with them in other non-US 
markets. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Okay. That's great to hear sir. And sir now as we have upgraded our 
guidance from Rs. 28,500 EBITDA per ton to Rs. 30,000 EBITDA per ton. 
So are you assuming that EBITDA per ton has bottomed out. Now there's 
only upper credit trend going forward? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, we have been saying this earlier also, we need to look at it on a 12 
months basis and that is how we have given this guidance. So there will be 
some quarters where EBITDA is low, some quarters EBITDA is high, 
because of the nature of the business is such that it is all made to order 
business. And therefore we need to look at a long-term 12 months or even 
beyond that to get a good feel of the numbers. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 33 of 44 
Kushal Desai: 
But as things are as you have premiumization being played, as you move 
from conventional ACSR to AL-59, all that, so fundamentally the product 
mix should drive it upward. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Okay. That's great to hear, sir. My last question is on the new Trump 
administration is not the plan of renewable energy, they are moving to coal-
based. So have we seen any kind of clients having lower confidence in 
renewable energy, renewable energy CAPEX, something like that? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the point of view that we have been able to gather through various 
customers and whoever we are in touch with, including developers in the 
United States, is that solar and solar including the energy storage, the ESS 
system, is the cheapest form of energy available to add in the shortest 
period of time. So the solar side of the business is going to continue. You 
have more and more US manufacturing also being set up, Waaree, for 
example, has set up US manufacturing. 
 
I think other manufacturers from India are also exporting panels to the US. 
So the solar side looks very much intact. The wind is a mixed bag. There 
are certain corridors in the US which are extremely windy and can carry a 
high plant load factor. So those corridors you can continue to develop. 
What is likely to stop is the subsidy that is going on, on the wind side. And 
the offshore wind, which is being built only with subsidies pretty much for 
making it viable, that is to be forgotten as far as the US is concerned. 
 
So we do not see the renewable story completely ending. We see the 
subsidy story ending. So the renewable that is actually able to stand and 
expand based on its own economics will continue to expand. And see, 
today the permitting in the US, is very, very tedious and whatever direct 
information we have, it takes 10 to 12 years to get permitting to build a 
transmission line in the US, versus three years in India. So there are similar 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 34 of 44 
issues are there for building power plants and power sources as well. So 
you will see solar addition happening because that is the fastest way of 
being able to actually get power. If you add it along with battery storage 
capacity, then you are able to deliver power 24/7. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Okay, sir. That's great to hear, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimox Shah from Goyam 
Luxy Fintech Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimox Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And congrats for the good set of numbers. 
So most of the questions you have answered, I have just one follow-up 
question, sir, like in the last quarter, you were mentioning that companies 
are supplying the cables to the major data centers, like you were 
mentioning, like Microsoft, right? So you are actually the liquid cooling 
solution, right, but making a test site. So has there been any progress on 
this development? 
Kushal Desai: 
So we, at the moment, I am not we have developed a product here. We 
are still looking at how to test market it, etc., because, the liquid dielectric, 
first of all, most of the data centers today do not use liquid. There are a few 
companies overseas that have been, supplied as a system. So we have not 
really made any progress on that front. We are still working, knocking on 
doors and trying to figure out how we can get a trial for that to happen. In 
the meantime, the cables which are being supplied are being supplied on, 
basically in the substation and substation to connecting to the data center 
equipment. That side of the business is what we are covering today. 
Vimox Shah: 
Got it. Thank you. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 35 of 44 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from 
Vaikarya. Please go ahead. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
My first question is, what is the tariff on the US, exports you are doing for 
the cables? Say, in May, you are paying compared to what were you paying 
in February or March. And the delta which you are experiencing now, how 
is it being shared between you and your end customers, whether it is 
importer or whether it's an actual customer in the US? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the basic duty remains intact. So the basic duty that we were paying on 
cables is 4.9%. So for argument's sake, you can take it as 5%. Now 
whatever has been put here is a reciprocal tariff. So that applies over and 
above. So the 10% or 26% or 46% or whatever it is, is over and above the 
basic tariff which is in place. So currently it is at 5% plus 10%. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
And the additional 10%, how are you sharing it between the importer and 
yourself? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So there are different contracts with the customers. Some contracts are on 
FOB, some contracts are on DDP. Some are deliveries below, before July 
9. Some are deliveries after July 9. In some cases, we are talking to some 
of the customers who are agreeing to share a part of the duty. So those all 
mix and combinations are actually happening at the moment. 
Kushal Desai:  
So all the FOBs is absolutely no problem. The DDPs, we have had to sit 
and negotiate with customers. So there's been some portions where there's 
been a combination. We have picked up part of it. Customers have picked 
up part of it. Some of the contracts have allowed us to pass the whole thing 
on. So overall, we would not see some major impact, at least for this 10% 
tariff field. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 36 of 44 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Okay. That's good to hear. So basically, the dominating part is FOB or 
where most of the pay is shared by the importer. You only take part of it, a 
small part of it. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. So the bulk of the business which we are executing right now is in that 
bracket. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Right. The second question is that what are the dominating types of cables 
you export to the US? Are these less than 1,000 V or higher,  more than 
1,000 V? And what is the key raw material in this thing, aluminum or 
copper? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the bulk of what we export is all aluminum alloy. So there's a special 
alloy which is used in the United States, which is an 8000 series aluminum 
alloy. So we produce the alloy ourselves, the rods that is from our rolling 
mills in the conductor division. Then they are aged and then made into 
conductors and then finally insulated to make the cables. So there's a whole 
section on our website. If you go and see, you will see a set of UL approved 
products. So those are the products which are being manufactured and 
shipped to the US. There are a few copper products as well, which is a 
relatively very small volume. The bulk of the volume is aluminum alloy. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
And these copper products would be cables of less than 1,000 V or more 
than 1,000 V? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the copper products which are being exported right now are basically 
medium voltage cables which are with copper in. So we are not doing any 
lower end copper because there's the US has zero duty on import of 
copper even today. There is a 25% duty on import of aluminum. So 
aluminum has been a strategic manufacture in the US, whereas copper is 
something that even today the government believes that it should be 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 37 of 44 
imported in the US, without tariff. So our whole strategy is to focus more 
around products that are aluminum based where APAR has always had 
strength. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
So in less than 1,000 V are they typically using copper or aluminum if you 
want to do in future? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the US, is largely an aluminum market. Aluminum alloy market. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Less than 1,000 V, no, I am just talking about normal cables. 
Kushal Desai: 
Less than 1,000 V, above 1,000 V only special applications you use 
copper over there. Otherwise predominantly it's aluminum. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Got it. Mostly it's the aluminum market then, okay. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
And last question I have is that you talked about Mexico also having the 
duty. But my understanding was most of the cables are under USMCA in 
Mexico. Is that, like, you are talking about mostly alloy which is not part of 
this USMCA, or you think cables are also not part of MCA and they are 
attracting duties? 
Kushal Desai: 
Right now, from our understanding is that unless and until Mexico comes 
up with anything different they are also facing the same tariff situation as 
India. The minimum tariff is 10% whatever you want to bring into the US. 
Unless there is a very specific FTA in place which is like the first one that 
they signed is with the UK. Nobody else has signed anything specifically 
as of now. So we are in the same boat as Mexico as of today. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Okay. So your understanding is that these cables or alloy you are exporting 
are not part of MCA, USMCA in Mexico? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 38 of 44 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, I mean whatever we hear from our customers is that there is nothing 
advantageous currently in Mexico other than the short delivery cycle that is 
there. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Okay. Great. Thank you very much. And if just a last question I can pitch 
in. How much extra either margin at the contribution level or EBITDA level 
you make or better margin capital comes in that same cable or you are 
selling to US, export versus in India? 
Kushal Desai: 
The US is very tricky to just put a number because it is a combination of 
FOB and DDP. So it's not a number that I would like to hazard any guess. 
It keeps changing depending on who wants to buy FOB versus on a DDP 
basis. So EPC players normally want it on a DDP basis, but actual users are 
very happy to buy it on an FOB basis. So they have the full transparency of 
freight. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Right. But you make higher margin in US export versus India sales. Is that 
fair to understand? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So it depends on different products and mixes. So on an apples-to-apples 
basis, we cannot actually compare this because different products go for 
the US market and different products are there for Indian market. And we 
do not actually give out geography-wise margins for the division. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Just a follow-up. Is it possible to share the annual US contribution in 
overall and as well as within the conductors and cables this year, FY '25? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 39 of 44 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So the margins we do not share, Amit. 
Kushal Desai: 
Are you talking about the revenue that we have done? 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes, yes. Revenue contribution. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Overall, the US would be slightly on a higher single-digit compared to the 
total consolidated turnover. 
Amit Anwani: 
And sir for cables and conductors? 
Kushal Desai: 
We have done about Rs. 1,000 crores in cables. About Rs. 1,000 crores 
in cables and -- 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Rs. 600 crores. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Rs. 600 crores on conductors. 
Kushal Desai: 
Rs. 600 crores on conductors. About Rs. 1,600-odd crores approximately 
overall. So that's why, Amit, it's lower. 
Amit Anwani: 
How much was this last year? Rs. 1,600 crores on what base, FY '24? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
We have given that in our corporate presentation. It was slightly degrown 
still compared to last year on an annual basis. But sequentially, things have 
improved. Every quarter has been better than the earlier quarter when it 
comes to the US 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes. Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 40 of 44 
Raaj Macwan: 
Sir, I would like to start on the outlook part. For FY '26, you are intending 
to grow. And I couldn't hear that. So, can you please repeat it? 
Kushal Desai: 
Sorry, your line is breaking up. We are not able to hear you. 
Raaj Macwan: 
Sir, for FY '26 outlook, I just skipped your comment. So, can you repeat it 
again? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So, on the oil division, we are giving a top-line volume growth of 6% 
to 8%. EBITDA level margin, Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 per KL. Cable division, 
top-line value growth, 25%. EBITDA percentage, 10% to 12%. And 
conductor division, volume growth, 10%. And EBITDA per metric ton, Rs. 
30,000 plus tailwinds. 
Raaj Macwan: 
Rs. 30,000 plus? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Tailwinds. 
Raaj Macwan: 
All right. All right. And also, can you repeat on the CAPEX part? How 
much? In what division? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
About Rs. 1,300 crores of CAPEX. About Rs. 200 crores coming from oil 
division, Rs. 300 crores in the conductor division and Rs. 800 crores in 
cable division. 
Raaj Macwan: 
Okay. And how much time will it take for all these three to come on stream? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
15 to 18 months. 
Raaj Macwan: 
Sorry, 15 to? 
Raaj Macwan: 
15 to 18 months, all right. And how much will be your expended capacity 
percentage? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 41 of 44 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, it will grow for the conductor division it may grow by about 10% in 
terms of capacity. For the cable, as we already mentioned once the entire 
plant is commissioned then it will have capacity to generate revenue of 
about Rs. 10,000 crores once it is fully commissioned. 
Raaj Macwan: 
All right. And for the oil part? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the oil, there is no real capacity constraint other than on the auto-
industrial side where today we run two shifts and we can just add a third 
shift in place. So this investment is going in largely in terms of building a 
storage facility in the port in JNPT and expanding our storage capability in 
Hamriyah as well in the UAE. So right now, almost 24 million liters of 
storage space we have on a rental basis from third parties in Mumbai. So 
that is going to get collapsed into about 30 million, 35 million liters storage 
which we are building out in JNPT. That also has a big productivity boost 
on the supply chain side because the ship will directly be able to unload 
from a ship in those tanks. 
Raaj Macwan: 
All right. Understood sir. Okay sir, thanks. All the best. 
Kushal Desai: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from 
Asian Markets Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted a few data points if you could 
provide. In the cables revenue how much would be the B2C revenue? How 
much would be the defense telecom cable revenue, EHV revenue, and of 
course railways revenue? 
Kushal Desai: 
We do not give out so detailed revenue break-up for the division. But I can 
tell you about this B2C is about Rs. 375 crores that I have mentioned earlier. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 42 of 44 
Apart from that the nitty-gritties of revenue coming from each is that 
something we do not give out. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
So have we started supplying to defense telecom? 
Kushal Desai: 
You mean defense telecom? For us there are two separate verticals. One 
is defense and the other one is telecom, so it depends. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Cables that we are supplying to the defense. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. So that is something that is ongoing, we would see that in the future 
as more and more localization is taking place, the volume should start 
increasing as I mentioned in my earlier comments that we are bringing in 
additional equipment as well which can help produce larger quantities of 
some of the sophisticated cables and so on, for the Indian Navy 
particularly. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
What about EHV, sir? Are we doing any evaluation in EHV? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, as we complete our expansion in the cables side, currently we are able 
to produce up to 66 kV. So this will go up to 220 kV that we will be able 
to produce. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
No, does this contribute any revenue in FY '25 EHV? 
Kushal Desai: 
No. Because by the time the capacity goes in place and gets implemented, 
then post that we will start hunting, we will start working on getting 
approval. So, you will see that revenue not coming in FY '26 at all, you 
may start seeing small portion coming in FY '27 but a larger portion coming 
in FY '28. In the meantime, that same equipment is capable of producing 
up to 220 kV. So you will produce the other voltage levels until those 
approvals come in. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 43 of 44 
Mayank Bhandari: 
What about the wind, sir? Wind cables? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, wind is produced on totally different equipment where we are also 
looking at doubling our capacity. And those are elastomeric cable or 
rubber cable. So, that production is also going to be doubled in the same 
time frame. And that's part of the Rs. 800 crores CAPEX. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
No, I am just checking if we would give the contribution of the renewables 
cable revenue in the total cable revenue right now. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we are not giving these detailed breakups as such pertaining -- go 
ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And last, what is the interest on the interest-bearing acceptances in FY '25? 
Interest number? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It's about range from 6.5% to 7.5% over a period of time. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
6.5% to 7.5%. No, I am asking the absolute number out of the total interest 
expense. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Out of total interest, you see about 90% would be on the acceptances only 
because we have very less debt on the balance sheet. Most of it would be 
out of acceptance only. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Last year, FY '24, this number was around Rs. 240 crores. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, large part, almost everything would be out of, we have just one ECB 
loan on the balance sheet. Apart from that, everything else is actually the 
interest on the acceptances only. And that disclosure is there in the balance 
sheet, the interest part of the ECB loan. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay. Any guidance on FY '26 for the interest expense? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited
Earnings call transcript Q4 & FY25
May 14, 2025
 
 
 
 
Page 44 of 44 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So it will go in line with the volume of the business as all of this is relating 
to acceptances as the volume of business growth. The interest cost will go 
up. Also, the interest cost depends on the price of aluminum and copper, 
on the value of that purchases. So, depending on the price of the metal, 
this fluctuates. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Kushal Desai for closing comments. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. I would like to take the opportunity to thank everyone for participating 
in our Q4 and financial year FY '25 earnings call. Just to summarize, we 
do have a few overhangs like, the US, tariff situation, which will hopefully 
get clarity and sorted out in the next few weeks. But overall, as a 
management, we continue to remain very bullish on our business. We are 
putting in Rs. 1,300 crores of CAPEX, which will go in over the next 12 to 
15 months and then get commissioned thereafter. This is in addition to Rs. 
500 crores which we have put in FY '25. All the three businesses are 
poised to be able to grow. The product ranges also as well as the 
premiumization of product and customers is something that we are working 
on. And whereas, it's always difficult in our business to predict quarter-by-
quarter, but if you take a medium-term view, we continue to remain very 
bullish on the growth of the business. So once again, thank you so much 
for attending our call and goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of APAR Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
