 
 
May 02, 2025  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on April 29, 
2025, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter and year ended  
March 31, 2025, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Vasudha Bagri) 
Compliance Officer  
Membership No:  A28500 
 
Encl: As above. 
Vasudha 
Bagri
Digitally signed by 
Vasudha Bagri 
Date: 2025.05.02 16:09:29 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q4 FY2025 Earnings Webinar  
​
 
Event Date/Time: April 29, 2025 at 16:30 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram – Head Investor Relations  
 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
 
Avijit Vikram:​
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, I 
welcome you all to the company's Q4 and FY 2025 Earnings 
Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
once the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side; we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer; 
Mr. 
Brijesh Agrawal, 
Whole-Time Director; Mr. Jitin Diwan, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I 
would like to remind you that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk 
and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide #3 of the earnings 
presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Good evening, everybody and welcome to IndiaMART’s Quarter 4 
and FY2025 Earnings Webinar. We have circulated our Earnings 
Presentation, which is available on our website as well as the stock 
exchange websites. We would be happy to take any question 
afterwards. Here are the highlights: IndiaMART has delivered a 
consolidated revenue from operation of Rs. 355 crores in quarter 4 
and Rs. 1,388 crores for the full-year, representing a year-on-year 
growth of 13% and 16%, respectively. 
 
Collections from the customers have grown to Rs. 541 crores for 
the quarter, representing about 12% year-on-year growth and Rs. 
1,626 crores in FY25 representing year-on-year growth of 10%, on 
the consolidated basis. In quarter 4, our unique business enquiries 
were 27 million, representing about 10% year on year growth. 
 
Total number of paying suppliers stood at 2 lakh 17 thousand. Net 
supplier addition in the quarter was 2,139 which is slightly better 
than the last quarter. We continue taking measures to reduce the 
elevated churn in the silver-customer first-year bucket and 
onboarding higher quality businesses as paying customers. 
 
We continue to make changes in our products and services for the 
better quality of leads with better qualification of buyers. Our 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
platinum and gold subscribers, which constitute about 50% of our 
customer base and about 75% of revenue, continues to have low 
churn and robust ARPU growth as well. We remain dedicated to 
continuously improving the quality and optimising the user 
experience on our website and on our mobile platforms to maximise 
the value delivered by the platform. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal:​ Good evening, everyone. Firstly, I would like to share with you that 
Busy Infotech has amalgamated with the two other wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of IndiaMART, Tolexo Online Private Limited and 
Hello Trade Private Limited. This amalgamation is effective from 
1st April 2023 and the numbers therefore for the last two years have 
been restated.  
 
On the business front, Busy has done a net billing of Rs. 32.8 crores 
in quarter 4 and Rs. 94.3 crores in the entire financial year. These 
numbers also include an impact of approximately Rs. 7 crores and 
Rs. 10 crores respectively, due to the change in the payout structure 
of the partners that we had shared last time.  
 
The normalised year-on-year growth for both of these, excluding 
the impact of this change, is 42% and 21%, respectively.  
 
The revenue from operations stood at Rs. 18.4 crores for quarter 4 
and Rs. 65.8 crores for the entire year. And if we were to normalise 
the numbers and calculate the growth rates, it would be an annual 
growth rate of 16% and 18%, respectively. Deferred revenue stands 
at Rs. 72.3 crores. Busy also generated cash flows of Rs. 8.8 crores 
in Q4 and about Rs. 23 crores in the entire year from operations. 
 
During this quarter, Busy also sold 8 thousand plus licenses taking 
the total count of licenses sold at about 3 lakh 96 thousand. The 
new licenses sold in the entire year are approximately 33 thousand. 
We continue to enhance the product and increase our growth rates 
in the coming quarters and coming year. 
 
With this, I will hand over the call to Jitin to discuss the financial 
performance. 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
Jitin Diwan:​
Good evening, everyone. I will take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter and fiscal year ending March 2025.  
 
Consolidated collection from customers was Rs. 541 crores in the 
fourth quarter and Rs. 1,626 crores on full-year basis, representing 
Y-on-Y growth of 12% and 10%, respectively. Consolidated 
deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,678 crore, an increase of 17% on a 
Y-on-Y basis. IndiaMART stand-alone collection from customers 
for the quarter were Rs. 506 crores and for full year were Rs. 1,526 
crores, both registering Y-o-Y growth of 9%. 
 
Standalone revenue from operations stood at Rs. 336 crores for the 
quarter and Rs. 1,320 crores for the year registering Y-o-Y growth 
of 12% and 16%, respectively. Our growth in revenue was primarily 
driven by improvement in realisation of paying suppliers. 
 
EBITDA of IndiaMART standalone business stood at Rs. 133 
crores for the quarter and Rs. 513 crores for the full year, 
representing 40% and 39% margins, respectively. Margins continue 
to be elevated on account of savings arising from lower customer 
acquisition and operating leverage. Margins are anticipated to 
gradually normalise in the coming quarters, as we focus on 
measures to increase growth. 
 
Consolidated Net profit for the quarter was Rs. 181 crore, which 
includes a fair valuation gain of around Rs. 59 crore on account of 
revaluation of our investment in M1xchange. Consolidated cash 
generated from operations was Rs. 271 crore in quarter 4 and Rs. 
623 crore on a full-year basis. Consolidated cash and treasury 
balance stood at Rs. 2,885 crores as on March 31, 2025. Also, 
Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of Rs. 30 
per share for FY2024-25 and a special dividend of Rs. 20 per share, 
aggregating to a total dividend of Rs. 50 per share, subject to 
approval of shareholders. 
 
Thank you very much and now we are ready to take any questions.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
 
Avijit Vikram:​
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the chat menu and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the 
participants. We will wait for a couple of seconds while the question 
queue assembles. 
 
Moderator:​
First question is from the line of Sachin from BofA. Hi, Sachin. 
Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar:​
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First question, 
this is regarding your net adds. Clearly your net additions is close to 
around 2,000 or lower for last seven-odd quarters. So wanted to 
understand some of the steps taken by you guys to reduce churn. 
Any time frame we should have in mind where we could start 
seeing an improvement in the overall net adds and hence revenue 
for you guys? 
 
Second question, I just wanted to understand the mix for platinum 
and gold users. What we are seeing for few quarters is clearly your 
churn being high and as a result of which collections growth 
slowing down, contribution from the smaller customers getting 
down. So why is the mix of platinum and gold not increasing in a 
proportion of total revenues? I presume it's range bound in the range 
of 75% to 80% only. So wanted to understand should we see this 
proportion increasing because the revenue from other set of users is 
going down? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Let me answer the second question first. I think when we started 
telling you about this, I think the first time we told you that what is 
the gold and platinum total contribution, it was about 72% if I 
remember correctly, and then it became about 74% and now it is 
about 75% plus. So I think slowly and slowly, as the number of 
customers have not grown, the percentage of gold and platinum 
revenue contribution is actually inching up quarter-on-quarter. 
 
So there is no issue on that side. And whatever growth in collection 
that you are seeing, largely all of that is coming from gold and 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
platinum. Just to repeat, gold and platinum accounts for about 50% 
of our total customer base and more than 75% of our revenue now. 
 
Now coming to the seven quarters of reduced net customer addition, 
of about 2,000 plus/minus. Yes, I think for about first four quarters, 
we initially focused on service levels, what kind of customer 
onboarding and those areas. However, that didn't really do any 
breakthrough. So then we started to look at the product market fit 
again at a deeper level and we have found certain changes to be 
done. 
 
In the last two quarters, we have done multiple changes. Few I have 
already told you. One, where the number of times a buyer was 
being introduced to a supplier was about 6.5 or so, now this has 
come down to 3.8 or so. The second part is, earlier we used to make 
a lot of enquiries even if they were low intent buyers.  
 
I mean if somebody said I'm interested in this product, but not really 
filled the quantity or not really filled the specification, then also we 
used to make that as an enquiry or RFQ. Now we are doing a 
double check either by WhatsApp or by call and then only making 
that as an RFQ. By doing that, we are getting a lot more, almost 
80% of our RFQs today have the quantity and specification well 
defined and filled by the buyer, which has started to show up 
anecdotally in our gold and platinum customers. 
 
However, this has resulted into lower number of unique business 
enquiries, but good quality enquiries which are in demand. 
 
Finally, since most of these good quality enquiries are being 
consumed by gold and platinum, I think we continue to see a good 
healthy improvement in renewal rates on the gold and platinum side 
of the renewals and there has not been any decline further in the last 
two, three quarters on that side. So I think we are doing enough 
things, but have we been able to fix the churn at the silver monthly 
or silver annual, at the first level? We have not yet and it will take 
probably another few quarters before we can go to that.  
 
Some of the leading indicators that you can see, if you look at the 
repeat rate of the buyers in this particular quarter has slowly inched 
up to almost 57.5% or so. So there are some leading indicators 
which are there, that the product has started to improve well, but 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
first year retention continues to be a challenge and we are fully 
committed to solving that out in the times to come. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar:​
Thanks Dineshji, very clear. Just one quick follow-up out here. How 
should one think about your margins in the time frame where your 
net adds remains at these levels? Because when I look at the 
margins for last seven quarters and I do get, there is a quarterly 
seasonality, but they are anywhere between 29% all the way to 
43%. So is there a sort of a range one needs to be aware about from 
a margin perspective? 
 
Jitin Diwan:​
Thanks Sachin, for your question. So on margins, as you rightly 
said, it continues to be elevated at about 40% range plus/minus 1% 
or 2% here and there. So till the time we are confident on solving 
the churn and doubling down on the gross adds, it will be continue 
to look like 38%, 40% only. And once we push the pedal on gross 
adds, it will come down to a sustainable margin of about 33% to 
35%, which we have been guiding in the last few quarters. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, Sachin. We'll take next question from Swapnil from JM 
Financials. Hi, Swapnil, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
So my first question is regarding your unique business enquiries 
delivered. Obviously they are down 8% to 9% in Q-on-Q and you 
mentioned that you're delivering the enquiries to less number of 
suppliers right now, compared to what you were doing earlier, right, 
6.5 coming down to 3.8. But my question is like have you started 
getting any feedback from the suppliers as to better conversions 
now, compared to the previous or is it still we are yet to see any 
meaningful results on this side? I understand that as a platform, you 
may not have the complete data, but certainly you will be 
discussing with your paying suppliers on this side. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Yeah, so anecdotally, I think we are getting good feedback. Even at 
the platform, there are various feedback mechanisms that give us a 
leading indicator that customers are liking what we are doing. They 
are not liking the reduced number of enquiries, because they cannot 
imagine the competition has been reduced for them. 
 
So for them, first comes the quantity. Whether the conversion has 
improved or not, that particular piece while anecdotally very few 
people are ready to admit that, most people's behaviour will tell us 
when they upgrade and renew that they are happier. Our leading 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
indicators tell us that whatever we have done in the last four, five 
months since the October Board meeting, has resulted into 
something meaningful and we still have few works in progress, 
which we should be able to do over the next couple of months. 
 
As I had asked in the month of October, that give us three, four 
quarters, because now that we have started to focus purely on the 
product side, until unless I'm fixing that, I'm not going to invest 
heavy money on the customer acquisition or any kind of 
advertising. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Understood. But my question, just to extend that, will it be 
possible? I understand right now that may not be the focus. But 
going forward if there are better conversions for the suppliers, when 
the competition is less for them, will you be able to pass on 
significant pricing to them? I mean would it be possible for you to 
take significant pricing hikes at least to those people who might be 
benefiting from this? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​That's already visible. If you see in the financials, top 10% ARPU is 
up 17%. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Okay. But what about the gold customers?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​This is almost like a platinum customer. On a gold customer, 
whenever it comes up, we will let you know. Even the overall 
ARPU is up 11%. So we are working in that direction, but it's too 
early for me to admit. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Okay. Understood. The second question is on the traffic side. Now 
if you see the total traffic that you share, right, that number 
continues to remain weak. I mean for the full-year itself, growth 
was hardly 1% or 2%. Now, one, is like why that the number of hits 
that you are getting on your website or your mobile app are 
lukewarm? Secondly, are there any plans to invest on the A&P side 
to create more awareness about the platform or some other 
measures that would help you increase the number of hits on your 
platform? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​I mean we have started to do certain experiments on the advertising 
side, whether it is online advertising or whether it is affiliate-based 
customer acquisition or whether it is some video based. So I think 
over the next two quarters or so, you will see some pilot projects 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
going on, on that side. While we speak, I'm still doing some pilot 
projects, but they are not significant enough for me to tell you at 
this point of time. Maybe next quarter. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
But these projects will not have a meaningful impact on your 
margins per se ? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​They will. But as of now, they are not going to have any meaningful 
impact on this particular quarter. If we are going to scale them 
significantly, then we will come back and tell you first before doing 
that. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Understood. Can you just give a breakup of how the churn rates 
have been across the different types of supplier categories this 
quarter? And just to get a sense as to how they have moved over the 
last three, four quarters? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​So gold and platinum remains at around 1%. That used to be under 
1%, now it is about 1% per month. Silver monthly is about 6% to 
7% and silver annual is about 3% to 4%. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
And just something on the Busy side, because I see that the number 
of licenses sold seem to have increased this quarter by a decent 
number. Earlier we used to do around 6,000 to 7,000 licenses per 
quarter. Now that number has increased to 8,000 plus I think there 
has been some increase in the realisation side also. So any special 
efforts have you taken on that side or like something which is 
working on the Busy side? Would you like to call out something on 
that, sir? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal:​ When you look at the number of licenses sold, generally Q3 in any 
given year is a weak quarter for this business and Q4 and Q1 
typically are the best performing quarter. And therefore, we started 
to see an uptick in Q4 in terms of licenses sold. So this obviously is 
one factor, which has resulted into an increase in overall licenses. 
 
Second, obviously there are efforts being placed on how do we 
grow sales and some of those efforts essentially have started to 
produce results overall. On the margin side or the ARPU going up, 
we've been able to improve the overall renewal rates within the 
business. Over the last two years, there has been a good ramp-up of 
percentage of customers renewing their subscription, plus there 
have been minor updates or changes in the pricing and some bit of 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
that has started to come into the overall ARPU that you get to see 
here. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Just to get a sense as to how our product will be priced compared to 
the competition? Any sense on the Busy side like what Tally or 
Marg? So what will be the difference on that side and how much 
scope do you think we can see on the realisations? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal:​ So if we look at very like-to-like product comparisons, so the 
difference, and I'll benchmark this against Tally first, which is the 
market leader here, so we would be about 75% of the pricing that 
Tally typically offers and I'm just giving you a ballpark average, on 
let's say, the highest selling product that Tally would have, versus 
highest selling product that Busy has. 
 
So that is how we are priced on the first-time license buy, when you 
do in the first year. From the second year when you look at the 
renewal prices, we would be equal to or slightly higher in terms of 
the annual recurring prices, at this point in time. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
So do you see any scope for improvement on the realisations on a 
consistent basis for a few more periods, especially on the renewal 
side if that is, since you're already on that path? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal:​ We think that there is scope for us to keep improving on both 
accounts of ARPU as well renewal percentage. 
 
Avijit Vikram:​
We have a question from the chat box now from Mr. Pankul Sood. 
We have nearly Rs. 3,000 crores of cash plus investments on the 
book. Are we looking at any acquisitions? And if not, why not to do 
a buyback or a bigger dividend? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​I think we maintain a consistent position on our capital allocation 
policy. Out of the Rs. 3,000 crores, about Rs. 1,700 crores is 
deferred revenue and customer advances, which are our liability 
side. So that leaves us with about Rs. 1,100 odd crores. Out of the 
Rs. 1,100 odd crores, we typically maintain safety cash of about 
whatever Rs. 500 - 600 crores. 
And then comes, either we invest or acquire or we return back. So 
in the past also if you see over the last four or five year period, I 
think we have returned a fairly good amount of cash back to the 
shareholders. ear-on-year that number has changed based upon the 
buyback and the dividend. And this year also, the Board has 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
approved Rs. 20 special dividend and Rs. 30 final dividend, 
altogether about Rs. 50 per share dividend, which amounts for 
about Rs. 300 plus crores of dividend. So I think we are going as 
per our past performance and past stated policy, as well as the same 
logic, either we invest or we return. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary 
from Nuvama. Hi, Nikhil, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Thanks for the opportunity. First question on supplier addition. 
Dinesh sir, we have again moved to net subscriber being positive 
after the last time we have seen decline. Is it fair to say that Q3 was 
an anomaly, and the subscriber addition trend will again go back to 
1,000 to 3,000 between those ranges, with ARPU growth of, let's 
say, high single digit? And do you maintain your guidance of 
collection growth being less than 10%, more or less mid-single to 
high-single digit? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​See, these are uncertain times. At 2,000 or 3,000 plus/minus, I'm 
almost unable to really comment whether we'll be able to maintain 
2,000 plus because every quarter there are some kind of 
seasonalities and we are doing a lot of experiments on whether to 
acquire this kind of customer, not to acquire this kind of customer. 
And in those experiments, there are possible  mistakes and possible 
hiccups. So until and unless we really break the 5,000 barrier per 
quarter, I don't think we should be very fixated on 1,000 plus or 
2,000 plus because if you really see for the entire year, we have 
been only able to do 2,000 only. 
 
So I'm really not confident to give you any answer as of now. I 
mean I'll take another few quarters, when I can give you answer on 
that side. On the ARPU side, I think we are far more confident and 
we have been guiding that whatever collection growth or whatever 
revenue growth that we are getting and we continue to target around 
10%. There you can say that quarter 2 was an anomaly where we 
were just 4% - 5%. 
 
But otherwise from the earlier 14% - 15% collection growth, I think 
we have normalised to 9% - 10%; but that will continue to be our 
target, until we fix the consistent customer growth and all of that is 
going to come from the ARPU only. 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Got it, sir. Just a follow-up on the point you mentioned that we are 
now thinking on the type of supplier to acquire, right? Is the 
behaviour of these suppliers is different from what we were 
acquiring earlier? While I understand the churn won't be visible 
now. But let's say in terms of behaviour on the platform, how active 
they are, how responsive they are or any other internal metrics you 
are checking to differentiate between the newly acquired customer 
compared to what you were doing, let's say, 2-3 quarters back? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Yes. I think supplier engagement on our platform continues to be 
almost in the best ever bracket. So there is enough demand for good 
quality of buyers and good number of quantity of buyers. How we 
are able to deliver more and more of the same quality buyers 
because any good quality enquiry gets sold out on our platform in 
less than a couple of minutes or within a couple of hours. So I think 
there is enough demand and enough market for good quality buyers. 
I think as soon as we crack the repeat buyer behaviour, I think we 
should be good to go there. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Got it, sir. Second, I just want to understand the basic math behind 
it and sustainability of the top 10% ARPU growth. This top 10% 
ARPU growth had been, if I'm not wrong, more than 15% for quite 
a time with let's say, unique business enquiry on an average being 
lower than the overall ARPU growth. Do you think this 15% plus 
type of ARPU growth, at least for, let's say, gold and platinum is 
sustainable or do you think there will be a ceiling the way we have 
seen for, let's say, other category? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​I mean it's a very future-looking answer that you're looking for. The 
past performance says that, for the past five quarters we have been 
upwards of 10% ARPU growth for the top 10%, whether it will be 
15% or 16% I can't say. But if you remember, I gave you last year,  
in the beginning of the year, that we have now successfully 
implemented our variable pricing for the platinum customers, which 
differs across the industries and I think that has resulted into this 
consistent ARPU growth on the platinum customers. 
 
At that point of time, we did tell you that this should result into a 
multi-year 10% plus kind of an ARPU growth per platinum 
customer. But whether that will be 15% plus or not, I cannot really 
assure you. But for 10% plus, I think we are quite confident that for 
the next one year or so, that should be upwards of 10% because we 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
implemented the differential pricing sometimes around 1 - 1.5 years 
back. 
 
Moderator:​
Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Hi, Amit, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Amit Chandra:​
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the 
collections growth that has slowed down. Obviously, we have done 
slightly better in this quarter, but I'm saying from an overall year 
perspective, the collections have slowed down. So maybe you 
mentioned that obviously churn is one of the reasons for the slow 
growth in collections. But is it also because of the platinum and the 
gold customers are opting for more single-year kind of renewals 
versus like multi-year earlier? And also if you can share what 
percentage of your top-1 % and top-10 % customers are going for 
single year versus multiyear in this year versus last year? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​In the slide on standalone deferred revenue, so that has not changed, 
what gets recognised in 12 months and what gets recognised after 
12 months remains consistent at 63% - 64% which means there's no 
change in the single-year versus multi-year. 
 
Amit Chandra:​
So saying that the number of customers who were opting for a three 
year versus one year remains same. There is no change in that, 
right? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Yes. As per financials also, that is proven that there is no change. 
 
Amit Chandra:​
Okay. And so in terms of the mismatch between the ARPU growth 
versus the collections growth, so obviously the ARPU growth is 
being fuelled by the top-1 % and top-10 % customers. So if there is 
value like being derived from the platform, then what's the reason 
that it's not getting reflected in terms of the collections? Obviously 
churn is one reason, but churn now seems to be a permanent 
problem. So we have not seen any progress on that front. So can we 
assume that this 8% - 10% growth is the new normal? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​I refuse to assume that. I will continue to work my way back to the 
growth period. As I said, currently if you see all of that 10% growth 
is coming from ARPU because there is almost 0% growth coming 
from customer addition. And can we bring pure ARPU-led growth 
to 15%? Yes. Can we sustain that for a very long period? No. If we 
fix the product churn, can we sustain a 20% growth for a very long 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
period? Yes, we have seen that in the past 7-8-9 years. Last 10 years 
we have grown from 50,000 customers to 225,000 customers or so. 
So in a media subscription or media advertising business, the 
number of customers and the ARPU goes hand in hand. If you 
really see the top heavy media like television, etc even they will 
stagnate if there is not enough number of customers. 
 
But if the classified platform, which becomes very, very small like 
Craigslist or something, even there the revenue stagnates. We 
believe a very healthy mix of revenue and customer growth, I mean 
ARPU and customer growth is 10% and 10%. Whether you can do 
15% plus 10% or 10% plus 15%, but I think 10% and 10% is a 
great mix, that can give you a multi-year growth or a multi-decade 
growth.  
 
So we will continue to try and achieve that. It is taking time. But 
every product market fit with every five-year period, in the current 
changing times of technology and customer expectation, I think the 
organisation which are able to come back and fix that timely, they 
can do a multi-decade growth. And we believe that we have done 
that for the last 30 years and will continue to do that over the next 
30 years. 
 
Amit Chandra:​
Okay. And in terms of the factors which are driving the ARPU 
growth, obviously one of the factors is on providing more premium 
services, pricing hikes and obviously we have also lowered the 
number of RFQs per supplier or we have increased the quality of 
RFQs. So how this change of strategy is actually being taken by the 
customers? And is it that we are prioritising more to our higher 
paying suppliers to a larger extent, which is not in line with the 
strategy of improving our churn at the lower end. So how to 
maintain that balance?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​So, if you see, we are a two-way marketplace. One-way 
marketplace is where the buyers come and discover the suppliers. 
You are right that always the the customers who pay higher are on 
the top. So the traditional way of the marketplace is, the higher you 
pay, the higher share of the buyer visibility you get. 
 
However, there's the other side of the marketplace, which is the 
supplier-led RFQ consumption marketplace. That's an equal 
opportunity marketplace, in terms of the quality of the enquiry,  
because the same quality of the enquiries are available to you as a 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
silver customer or you as a platinum customer at the same time. 
There is no differentiation there. The only differentiation is in the 
number of the buy leads that you can access as a silver customer or 
as a platinum customer. So, half of the marketplace is equal 
opportunity. 
 
Now in fact some of the silver customers, which are self-users,  
where the proprietor himself is using the platform, we find that 
many times he is at a more advantageous situation, because he 
himself handles all the enquiries and he has the mobile app and he 
gets the immediate notification soe is able to compete better with 
some of the larger suppliers. However, some of the larger suppliers 
actually have 2-3 dedicated resources working on IndiaMART, and 
sometimes they have auto refresher where somebody keep looking 
at their screen to make sure that no important buyer is missed from 
their side. 
 
So from our side, we don't differentiate. It is the supplier's ability 
and supplier's trust into the platform that he himself puts more effort 
or more money, to deal it equally by himself or equally by 
deploying more permanent resources to handle IndiaMART enquiry. 
We don't differentiate. We only differentiate based upon the buyer 
side marketplace or seller side marketplace. 
 
Avijit Vikram:​
We have a question from the chat box. The question is from Mr. 
Ankur Pant. Have we taken any pricing actions in quarter four? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​So on the silver side, we haven't taken any action. In fact if you 
really see our silver pricing from 2019, the only time it went down 
was during the 2021 COVID time, and then it went back to the 
same price. On the gold and platinum, we continue to take about 
10% odd hike every year or so, which is the normal thing that we 
typically do in the month of January or so. And the hikes that 
happen are no longer applied on the same day, because some of the 
renewals have already been sent, some of the proposals have 
already been sent. So it takes care of as and when somebody's 
renewal will come and as and when new sales will happen. So these 
are the slower injection of prices, price hikes that we do about 10% 
odd every year that continues to happen. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Banerjee 
from ICICI Securities. Hi, Abhishek, please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
 
Abhisek Banerjee:​
Hi, Dinesh. Thanks for the opportunity. If we look at the traffic 
number. So from FY22 onwards till now, we would see a roughly 
1% CAGR in terms of traffic growth? And if you kind of try to 
correlate that, when you are paying suppliers, numbers also kind of 
started reducing the gross numbers that is from FY23. So is it kind 
of time that we start advertising a little more to get the traffic higher 
and probably that can lead to some positive flywheel somewhere? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Yeah. So we are aligned on that side. The only thing is that in the 
first root-cause analysis, we found certain things to be fixed and 
which we found that they anyway needs to be fixed, which we have 
tried to fix. 
 
As I said, this particular quarter, we are doing multiple experiments 
and pilots on the online advertising as well as on the video side of 
the advertising, on affiliate advertising. And so this particular 
quarter, I don't think there is going to be a significant impact either 
on the financials on the bottom-line side or on the top-line side. If 
there are any of those experiments found unit economics positive 
and worthy of scaling up, then we will come back to you and tell 
you about scaling up. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee:​
Got it. So given we are at all-time high margins, how many basis 
points of revenues would you be willing to invest into advertising? 
What would be the quantum of advertising that you could roughly 
look at? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​I mean depends. I think last time, because we are very new to 
advertising again, I mean last time we did was in 2016 and this is 
now 2025, so I think it's been nine years since we have advertised. 
At that time, we used to spend about Rs. 40 odd crores on an annual 
budget,about Rs. 15 crores into 3 times. Things have changed 
dramatically, but I don't think they would have changed so 
dramatically, that we will end up spending Rs. 300 odd crores or 
something. I think that Rs. 40 odd crores would have become 
maybe Rs. 80 odd crores or something like that. Beyond that, I don't 
have any idea, as of now. So even if you take anywhere between Rs. 
50 crores, Rs. 60 odd crores to Rs. 90 crores, Rs. 100 odd crores; on 
an annual basis, it should be around 500 basis point maybe. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee:​
Got it. Again so when you were last advertising say in FY16, it was 
a very different world. Now you're talking about performance 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
marketing. Do we have the kind of team in place that can really 
deliver on these new digital platforms? So any thoughts on that? 
Are you investing there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​That is why I'm saying, we are doing pilots. So there are teams 
being aligned, new people being hired, existing people being trained 
for this new thing. We never had teams for mobile, but we 
developed teams for mobile. We never had teams for artificial 
intelligence, but we developed teams for artificial intelligence. We 
never had teams for accounting, we developed teams for 
accounting. So we develop and align resources as and when things 
are required. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee:​
Understood. Now if I just look at last line on this slide, which is the 
employee count. So even this year we have grown employee count 
by almost 13%. While I understand some of it will be to support 
these new initiatives, but I'm sure the bulk of it is still for servicing 
clients, right? Now given that the number of clients has not really 
gone up, what is the outlook? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Abhishek, this is only shifting of the outsourced sales cost to the 
on-role movement, which started last year JFM  which was to be 
concluded this particular year in few every quarter. All of it has 
been concluded and I think now we will be returning back to the 
like-to-like members. 
 
If you really add the employee cost plus outsourced sales cost, 
actually we have zero impact on cost, in the last entire one year. So 
while this number looks like 13% up, there is a zero impact on cost. 
Manpower cost plus outsourced sales cost put together remains 
same as last year. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee:​
Understood. But what is the outlook going ahead? Do you think we 
can manage this at a mid-single digit kind of a CAGR for the next 
one or two years at least till we have requisite visibility of revenue 
now? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​No, I think because in this one full-year, we have had almost zero 
expense growth. Next year within six months or so, I think, expense 
will start to increase and even number of people will start to 
increase because as we crack the product market fit, we will go 
back to growth mode and then we will need product  people again. 
We are so small a company that people thing cannot be filled all the 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
time. We go in expansion and consolidation kind of a mode. In 
FY21- FY22, if you see, we suddenly grew from 2,700 employees 
to 4,700 employees. So I guess this is the nature of our business. We 
are such a small company, we can't manage yet the growth and 
consolidation together. So we continue to focus on growth and then 
consolidate and then focus on growth and then consolidate until we 
become large enough to do both at the same time. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee:​
Understood. So when you were guiding for 35-odd percent margins, 
you are kind of building this also in ? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Yes. That's why I said the long-term sustainable margins are 33% - 
35%. And since these EBITDA margins depend on revenue growth 
and collection growth and seasonality and that is why when I have 
to look at the leading indicators, I look at the collection and cash 
from operation and margin of the cash from operation. 
 
On cash from operation margin slide , so if you look at this slide, 
this will give you a much more stable way of this 37% - 38% 
margin. This is the leading indicator and that will remain.  
 
Avijit Vikram:​
We have a question from the chat box. The question is from Mr. 
Pratik Kothari. Have we already taken major part of the actions to 
bring down churn and we will wait and watch on how does it play 
out or more is left to be done on that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​I think 66% of what we have found till date to be changed has been 
done and about 33% is still work in progress. Having said that, as 
we work deeper into it, we find more to-do actions. So I think by 
the time we are 80% or so, I think we will discover another 20% to 
do. So the work is never fully complete. But currently we feel that 
we are somewhere around 60% complete. We still have at least 
some 3-4 months of work when we can say that now we are 80/20. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:​Thank you everybody for listening patiently to us. And I really 
admire that you guys are trying to understand our business model 
and complexity of our business model. Hopefully, we will come 
back with flying colours soon. In case you have any queries or 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 29, 2025  
 
 
comments that are left, you can always reach out to our Investor 
Relations team. Thank you and have a good day. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude 
this webinar. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Notes:  
1.​ This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2.​ No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
