 
 
www.windlas.com 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
Reg. Off.: 40/1, Mohabewala Industrial Area 
Dehradun, Uttarakhand 248 110, India 
Tel.:+91-135-6608000-30, Fax:+91-135-6608199 
 
Corp. Off.: 705-706, Vatika Professional Point, Sector-66, 
Golf Course Ext. Road, Gurgaon, Haryana 122 001, India 
Tel.:+91-124-2821030 
 
CIN-L74899UR2001PLC033407 
May 29, 2025 
 
 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
 
BSE CODE: 
543329  
 
 
 
    NSE SYMBOL:  WINDLAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ananta Narayan Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
ANANTA 
NARAYAN 
PANDA
ANANTA 
NARAYAN PANDA 
2025.05.29 
15:01:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Windlas Biotech Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 23rd May 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITESH WINDLASS – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MS. KOMAL GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Windlas Biotech Limited Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. This call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company on date of 
this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Today on the call, we have Mr. Hitesh 
Windlass, Managing Director; Ms. Komal Gupta, CEO and CFO. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitesh Windlass. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for our financial results for quarter 
and year ended 31st March 2025. We have uploaded the press release and investor presentation 
on our website as well as on the exchanges. I hope everybody must have gotten an opportunity 
to go through it.  
Initially, I would like to discuss the outlook and way forward for Windlas Biotech, followed by 
financial highlights for Q4 and FY '25 of the company, which will be shared by our CEO and 
CFO, Ms. Komal Gupta.  
The Indian pharma market registered a Y-o-Y growth of 8.4% in FY '25, largely driven by price 
increases with volume growth of 0.4%. We are pleased to report another quarter of strong 
performance of revenue growth of 20% Y-o-Y for FY '25 and 18% Y-o-Y in quarter 4 of FY 
'25.  
Our Generic Formulations CDMO vertical continued to benefit from new customer additions 
and a broader product portfolio. The Trade Generics and Institutional vertical maintained its 
growth momentum through wider market penetration and institutional engagement. The 
company continues to work towards the initiatives in export verticals such that filing -- such as 
filing of numerous dossiers and entry into newer markets.  
Our proactive investments in quality systems infrastructure and digital transformation continue 
to position us strongly with respect to Schedule M compliance. We have begun utilizing Plant 2 
extension in quarter 4 FY '25, which gives us the required room for growth in the upcoming 
period. Our injectable facility has been approved by several large customers and few injectable 
products made by us have been commercialized by our CDMO as well as the Trade Generics 
verticals.  
We continue to augment our manufacturing network through modernization and retrofit of our 
recently acquired Plant 6 oral solids facility as per plan. The company achieved its highest ever 
earnings per share in FY '25 INR29.19 post our listing. In line with our dividend policy, the 
company paid INR11.5 crores, INR5.5 per share dividend related to FY '24 and proposed the 
dividend of INR12.1 crores, INR5.8 per share related to FY '25. 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on enhancing long-term value for shareholders through 
diversification of our client base, increasing operational efficiencies, retaining, and rewarding 
key talent and expansion of dosage forms.  
I will now request Ms. Komal Gupta, our CEO and CFO, to discuss the financial performance 
highlights. Over to you, Komal. 
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you, Hitesh. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to conclude FY '25 with strong 
performance across key metrics. 
 
INR759 crores revenue, a 20.4% Y-o-Y growth,  
 
Ninth straight quarter of record revenue INR202.7 crores, 18.3% Y-o-Y growth,  
 
Highest ever EPS of INR29.19 post listing,  
 
Working capital days at 14,  
 
Sustained ROCE and ROE greater than 20% alongside capacity expansion projects  
 
Strong liquidity of INR213 crores.  
We have sustained our operating margins, reflecting our robust financial management despite 
an increase in depreciation, largely attributable to injectables facility and Plant 2 extension. PAT 
stood at INR61 crores for FY '25 and INR16.3 crores for Q4 FY '25 as compared to INR58.2 
crores and INR17 crores for FY '24. EBITDA grew by 20% Y-o-Y to INR94.1 crores for FY '25 
and 16% Y-o-Y to INR25.5 crores for Q4 FY '25.  
India's pharmaceutical industry ranks as the third largest globally by volume. Our state-of-the-
art manufacturing facilities in Dehradun strengthen our ability to deliver high-quality, scalable 
solutions to meet the evolving demands of the market. Windlas is strategically positioned to 
capture growth through diversified presence across its core verticals. 
In Generic Formulations CDMO vertical, we continue to direct our efforts towards sustained 
client engagement, new client acquisitions, new product launches and higher wallet share from 
current partners. This vertical recorded 15% Y-o-Y increase in FY '25 to INR555.1 crores. For 
Q4 FY '25, this vertical generated INR147.2 crores in revenue, witnessing a 15% Y-o-Y growth.  
Trade Generics and Institutional vertical is driven by portfolio expansion, broader distribution, 
and institutional network, also supported by government-driven initiatives. Our trade generics 
and institutional vertical continued its growth momentum in FY '25 with revenue surged to 
INR172.1 crores, marking a 41% Y-o-Y increase.For Q4 FY '25, revenue increased to INR45.5 
crores, registering 31% growth Y-o-Y.  
Exports vertical reported revenue of INR32.6 crores in FY '25, a 19% increase Y-o-Y with Q4 
FY '25 showing a revenue of INR10 crores, reflecting 12% growth Y-o-Y.  
 
 
In conclusion, FY '25 has been a year of meaningful progress for Windlas, anchored by 
consistent growth, resilient margins, and strategic execution.  

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
These results underscore the strength of our business fundamentals and clarity of our vision. As 
we look ahead, we remain confident in our ability to seize emerging opportunities and deliver 
enduring value to all our stakeholders. That's all from our side. We can now begin the Q&A 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please proceed. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Hitesh and Komal, if you can talk about the injectable plant, it's 
almost been a year since we started this plant and now the validations have been completed. The 
product approvals are also coming through. We have started the commercial supplies, both on 
the CDMO as well as Trade Generic side. So if you can talk about, how do you see FY '26 and 
FY '27 panning out?  
We have incurred quite a bit of fixed cost over here, employee costs, other expenses as well as 
depreciation. So how should we look at the numbers in FY '26 and '27 for those new dosage 
form that we have entered? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Sure, Ankit. Let me add some perspective and then maybe we'll dwell up on this one. See, for 
this FY '25, we had -- we identified a portfolio of products for our injectable and our vial lines 
and lyophilized vials. And we had the task of bringing -- taking all these products as stability 
batches to test out how the manufacturing is happening, the stability profile.  
We also had the task of completing media fill and getting our WHO GMP licenses, both of which 
are important requirements for commercialization to CDMO partners as well as initiating the 
other business development activities. And in Q4, largely, we saw whatever revenue that we saw 
in injectables.  
Although we don't give dosage form-wise revenue, but we promised earlier that we will come 
back and provide some feedback on this at the end of the year. The incremental depreciation for 
-- related to injectables facility was INR145 million in the last year. And the revenue generated, 
which I mentioned, was largely from Q4 FY '25 for injectable products for us is about INR6 
crores.  
Now we are in the process of obviously ramping up. And as I mentioned in my remarks, this 
involves the audits and approvals by large customers who are already buying oral solids from us 
and various products. And also it involves a product-wise audit of each of the stability data 
dossiers that we have now prepared.  
So we are looking to ramp up. And obviously, our goal is to achieve that in the fastest possible 
way. And so we are on the job and expecting to build this business strongly in the future. Exactly 
how and when and what will be -- we'll be able to achieve, that is something that we are not 
discussing, although obviously, we have internal targets for everything. 
So that's -- Komal if you want to add something?  

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Komal Gupta: 
No, I think you have covered, Hitesh. Just a small technical correction. INR145 million is our 
overall increase in depreciation, which is majorly attributable to Injectables and Plant 2 
extension depreciation. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. So Hitesh and Komal, if you can talk about do you think we can end this year, let's say, in 
the second half with a capacity utilization of 50% - 60% at the injectable unit? And do we see 
breaking even on this facility in this financial year or breaking even both at EBITDA as well as 
on the PBT level, if you can talk about -- do you think we can break even in FY '26 or we should 
look forward to FY '27 only? 
Komal Gupta: 
If it was completely -- we would want that to happen as soon as possible, honestly. When exactly 
and how much revenue we expect or how much capacity utilization we expect, as we have 
maintained in the past, we say that it's difficult for us to give that information because it gives 
away a lot of competitive advantage for us.  
So we won't be able to give that. Having said that, we would like to mention that we are really 
putting all our efforts in, and we are having -- seeing a few good wins coming in, and we stay 
confident to really deliver to everyone's expectations just when allow us some time to let you 
see that happening instead of us saying something and trying to then justify 1 month here or 
there. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And do you think we have also started selling trade generics in the injectables? So given 
it's a smaller facility for us compared to our overall OSD facility, do you think trade generics 
will become a bigger portion of our sales here or CDMO will continue to be around 70% - 75% 
of our sales in injectables also? 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes. We... 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So it should be roughly similar just because of the base size of the business. So I -- but I do 
believe that eventually, even the plant that we have put is for meeting the standards of pick/S 
and export markets. And our goal has always been to provide these products into those markets 
because that's where the real margin will come. So although that is, again, a little bit later because 
you have to get plant approvals by regulatory authorities and then dossier approvals in those 
countries.  
So our goal eventually is that initially, it may -- we don't have any reason to expect that catering 
from this facility will be very different in proportion. But longer term, we do want to prioritize 
exports more because we believe that's where the stronger margin opportunities will come.  
Of course, we obviously have ability to not -- to also do capacity expansion within this plant. So 
we don't see that trade-off as hitting our capacity issue. So we'll -- we have to take it step by step 
though. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. The last question before I come back in the queue. On the employee cost and... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Ankit.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. I will come back in the queue.  

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
I request you to return to the queue. As there are several participants waiting for their turn. Thank 
you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please proceed. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Good morning, everyone. So my first question is that if we go and rewind a couple of years back, 
maybe 2 - 3 years back, I think the idea was that as the trade generics and export grows, our 
gross margin will be better in trade generics and export and hence, that will flow through to the 
bottom line or EBITDA level.  
Now if I look at the numbers in terms of proportion, trade generics have moved from 10% to 
23%. And even our gross margin has expanded by a couple of hundred basis points. But despite 
that, our EBITDA has remained at 12% - 13% range. So in -- how should we look at it? And is 
it primarily because of the cost of injectable plants coming in? That's -- that's how we should see 
it the moment that cost gets absorbed, we should see that coming through. If you can spend some 
time on that? 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes. More or less, you are right. In fact, there has been -- other than injectables business, there 
has been -- we have been able to deliver very good growth in terms of the EBITDA, even as a 
percentage of revenue. So injectables, as everyone is aware, might take some time to ramp up. 
But this year's P&L, FY '25, if we see  even if I keep opex of injectables in and just remove the 
additional depreciation coming in from Injectables and Plant 2 extension. 
Our PBT margins have actually – PBT, PAT margins have improved. That is one. And as you 
were specifically talking about EBITDA, Dhwanil, EBITDA margins have also improved if we 
take out the injectables opex. We can't give out the numbers as such. But as Hitesh mentioned, 
in only -- mainly Q4 only, we had the revenue coming in and that too not -- so in total, INR6 
crores revenue is what we could do just from injectables. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Actually, also one more thing I want to add, Dhwanil. See, this year was -- while you correctly 
mentioned a couple of years ago when we had talked about this, the operating leverage for 
growth would -- was -- we are expecting, and we are seeing also. In fact, what I want to point 
out is that this year, the minimum wage increase in Uttarakhand was very massive, almost 25%.  
So that's something that was -- obviously cannot be predicted. But despite that, we have 
increased our overall production. So we have used more manpower, right, obviously, to do that. 
But still we -- and added Injectable opex and added Plant 2 extension opex in Q4 and still 
maintain our margins. So in some sense, we have actually completely accomplished what we 
were talking about and even absorb some of these additional impacts. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. So going forward into FY '26, since most of the costs are behind and I assume that the 
injectable will quarter-on-quarter will continue to ramp, so you are not giving any guidance on 
specific numbers. As this cost gets absorbed and the trade generic export proportion growth, 
should we see the margin expansion coming through in FY '26 and FY '27? That's how we should 
look at it? 
Komal Gupta: 
Ultimately, margin expansion should come. We don't want to specifically mention when. But 
obviously, given everything on plate, margin expansions have to come. 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. I also want to just add a small this thing that see, as we have said in the past also that we 
sometimes have had quarters where we've had very strong growth and sometimes have had cross 
quarters where -- I'm talking about trade generics, for instance, or exports. We have to look at 
this in the overall picture.  
So -- and we are very optimistic and very gung-ho about the future also. That is why we are 
expanding Plant 6, adding capacities, and doing all this. So we are very, very confident that 
despite overall IPM volumes being so slow, we have delivered almost 9 quarters of very strong 
results, and we see the path forward as well. And while it's difficult to guide on quarter or 
business partwise, but we are on the whole very, very optimistic, and we continue to do that. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Just one question on export. So again, this trade generics, we have done exceptionally well in 
last 3 - 4 years. While on export, we have guided that the growth will be backend. But it's been 
3 years, and I think all the regulatory filings and timelines, etcetera, I think we should be now 
seeing some steep growth in export is what I understand from whatever things have happened 
so far. Is that, again, the right way to look at it? Do you guys see traction in that in terms of 
filings, entry into newer markets? How do you guys think about export market? 
Komal Gupta: 
So we have delivered a 5-year CAGR of about 25%, right? We have delivered a year of INR32 
crores revenue this year, and it looks like it's a 19% growth. But we remain very optimistic about 
the opportunity in the target market. And we continue to file dossiers to build the base for 
upcoming periods. So we are saying that we are optimistic.  
But as you rightly mentioned, it takes time to build the business in exports. Many of the 
opportunities are like binary opportunities. But yes, we should -- we stay positive, and we are 
expecting exports also to slowly become an important vertical for us. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay, great. I will come back in the queue if I have more questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neelam Punjabi from Perpetuity. Please 
proceed. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Thanks for the opportunity and firstly, congratulations on some great set of numbers over the 
last year. My first question is on the Trade Generics vertical. So we've demonstrated phenomenal 
execution with doubling of revenues over the last 2 years and we've almost tripled revenues over 
the last 3 years. So I just wanted to understand at this current scale of annualized INR200 crores, 
are we among the top 10 trade generics companies in India? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So thanks, Neelam ji, first of all for acknowledgment of the good performance. I think that, of 
course, if you see the largest ones, maybe companies like Cipla and Alkem will be the largest. 
So there are some unlisted competitors who are going to be in the next range. And we are still -
- we are 1 by 10 of their size.  
So unfortunately, there's not enough data about trade generics and it's not really covered by the 
data agencies like IQVIA or AIOCD. So it's hard to say. It's hard to say for us. From our 
perspective, we really look at trade generics as a very strong space. And there is no reason why 
Windlas should also not aspire to reach the levels at which Cipla and Alkem are today. They are 
at INR2,000-plus crores.  

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
So why shouldn't a good manufacturer like us who has the opportunities, who understands the 
products and is able to build sustainably. There can be plus/minuses changes, but I don't see any 
reason why we cannot eventually grow to become as strong as them. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Makes sense. That's good to know. And my second question is on our working capital cycle. So 
we are at a very efficient level of 14 days. But at the same time, our peers are -- listed peers at 
least are in that 80 to 100 days kind of a level. So I just wanted to understand how are we being 
able to maintain such healthy working capital cycle? And is this sustainable going forward? 
Komal Gupta: 
We would probably like to give credit to the financial discipline that we have been internally 
maintaining. Top to bottom, everyone is kind of conscious in our organization relating to any 
decision. So how it impacts working capital or how it impacts liquidity is, I think, almost 
everyone while taking a decision doesn't forget to consider that impact, Neelam.  
Other than that, the market, of course, remains same, those vendors, customers and how this 
works. In terms of sustainability, we would like to sustain that. We have maintained these kind 
of working capital levels for 2 years in a row. And we would love to sustain, but, of course, 
completely, it's not internally  if there is an impact, otherwise, there is no reason why we 
shouldn't be able to do it. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. And just one last bookkeeping question. So our depreciation for the quarter was INR8.3 
crores. So is it -- is this the highest level as -- are we going to sustain this or would it further 
increase in the next year as well on a quarterly basis? 
Komal Gupta: 
Until Plant 6 gets capitalized, these depreciation levels should be sustainable because this has 
complete Plant 2 extension depreciation for the quarter and injectables depreciation. So that's 
why if you are comparing it with Q3 or Q2, there would be increase that has come in because of 
the Plant 2 extension capitalization that happened by end of Q3. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. Thank you. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. Please proceed.  
Avnish Burman: 
Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First question was on the volume growth. 
Can you give us some indication on how did your volumes grow in this quarter and the full year? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
No, Avnish ji we are not generally providing this information. But for us, since we are a cost-
plus business and assuming that typically our conversion costs remain so, most of the growth is 
typically volume linked only. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay. Hitesh ji, your injectable plant capex is 75. I remember in, I think one of the last calls, 
you had mentioned an asset turns of about 1.1 to 1.2, which is starkly less than what you make 
on the oral side, where the gross asset turns are close to about 3. So why is there so much 
difference? And should we -- is it safe to assume that the better margins in the injectable business 
result in similar kind of ROCE on the plant? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
See, if you look at industry companies which are pure injectables, maybe they are a good proxy 
to assess what has been the historical performance. And my number of 1.1 or 1.2 asset turn 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
comes from companies like those. Now as you go into export markets, especially the slightly 
higher fixed markets, then again, that number improves.  
So the asset turn is dependent on the markets you are serving, the product profile that you're 
manufacturing and the like whether it is CMO or your own brand and so on. In general, still, I 
would say that the gross margin profile in injectables is higher, but also the fixed cost or running 
opex is also higher because you have a higher degree of air handling units and continuous 
running 24 by 7. 
You cannot shut down, microbial control and all those things because of the sensitive nature of 
dosage forms, but your manpower costs are lower. So there is a difference in terms of the -- how 
this asset versus other dosage forms will look. My sense is that probably some pure-play 
injectable companies would be better proxies to get confident data on. 
Avnish Burman: 
Yes. So some of the pure-play companies actually do report higher margins. So that's why I was 
asking when the asset turns are a little lower and the margins are a little higher, do we make 
similar ROCEs on an oral plant versus an injectable plant? 
Komal Gupta: 
In terms of ROCE, once we start delivering -- once we start selling to exports and start making 
those kind of margins where then bigger portion of injectable sales is to exports, then ROCE 
should be similar or even better. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay. Last one. Typically, in an oral plant, we have seen that the peak utilization for any oral 
plant is close to about 70%, and it happens in like 5 - 6 years. Now I know you're not guiding 
for the capacity utilization on a yearly basis. But generally, will the injectable plant follow a 
similar kind of path or we should assume like a faster kind of run rate? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So I mean, we are not commenting on the run rate at all, right? But if you're asking whether in 
the peak state of, let's say, asset turn of 1.2, what would be the utilization level at that state. If 
that is the question, then my sense is that injectable utilization can be slightly higher. So 75% 
might be possible. It also depends on the product mix and number of changeovers one is 
incurring because that basically adds the dead time. So we kind of have to take these utilization 
numbers with that pinch of salt. 
Avnish Burman: 
Sorry, please go ahead. 
Komal Gupta: 
No, I think that's all right. I thought that he's trying to understand whether the injectable peak 
levels would be reached by when. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Sorry, we are not providing that. 
Avnish Burman: 
I understand. Thank you. This was helpful. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna Traya Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Sir, can you give us what is the kind of capacity utilization on orals right now? And I'm assuming 
the Plant 6 when it comes on, when is it expected to commercialize? And what kind of capacity 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
addition would that do? And let's say, if we had a capacity today of x, what is the peak revenue 
that can be attained from it? 
Komal Gupta: 
So we are at around 60% to 62% capacity utilization in our oral solids. That is the number that 
we reached in FY '25. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Okay. And what can be the peak utilization Komal? 
Komal Gupta: 
Peak utilization you're asking. So as we mentioned with the current plant, we would be able to 
deliver INR800 crores plus in terms of revenue. And by that time, once we have Plant 6 ready, 
we should be ready for orals solids about INR1,000 crores revenue to be delivered from the 
addition as well. So in total, INR1,000 crores -- once Plant 6 is done, we would be ready to 
deliver INR1,000 crores revenue in oral solids aside of injectables of about INR90 crores. 
Pavan Kumar: 
And when is it expected to commercialize Plant 6? 
Komal Gupta: 
We are trying -- within FY '26, it should be ready. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Singhal from Perpetuity. Please 
proceed. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir, I had question one, just a bookkeeping on exports. If I 
look at your last 2 - 3 years of export sales and I match up with the third-party agency Volza 
data, pretty much hits the bang on. But this year, Volza shows a significantly higher number 
versus what you ended up reporting, almost like a INR9 crores, INR10-odd crores kind of a 
difference.  
So is there something like -- is it a catch-up that happens next financial year or it's just an 
abrasion on that side? I'm not sure whether you guys follow the data or not. So some clarity on 
that will help because I was expecting that, that catch-up happens this quarter, but your run rate 
is pretty much equal to what you did on third quarter. So I just wanted to get some sense around 
that? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So I think, see, in our export revenue, we have 2 kind of revenues. One is when we are, of course, 
shipping product. And then second is if we are doing some exhibit batches for a customer, which 
is an export customer. So that becomes a service revenue, which probably you won't see in 
external data.  
But I think also, Abhishek ji, there will always be some timing differences and things because 
for us, revenue recognition requires Bill of Lading, right? I don't know how the data portal is 
saying, the export-import data portals are capturing that. So hard to comment on that. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay. No worries. Sir, secondly, your trade generics -- your business around trade generics, if I 
look at your last 5 years kind of a growth, it's roughly around 40% kind of a CAGR. And if I 
reflect back to your comment earlier in the call that there is no reason for you not to aspire to 
the levels where your large cap peers today are.  

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
That means the size that you were like 5 years back and the size in the overall size of the 
opportunity is pretty much negligible. So size should not be a constraint when we start 
extrapolating growth as we go forward. So I'm not asking you for your next year, 2 years. So 
last 5-year CAGR and if you look at your next 5-year CAGR, why should it be lower than what 
you have delivered apart from the size angle?  
Because if your earlier statement is right, that should not kind of stack up with that. So I just 
want to get a sense what can get your trade generic growth lower in the next 5 years versus your 
earlier 5 years? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So Abhishek ji, I believe that this is an execution story, right? Because I don't think people are 
facing the -- when size increases, it's not a structural issue. It's purely about how do you put in 
the management systems, the motivational systems, the talent management, all of those things 
need to line up to give a chance for execution to happen. 
So this is something that we have to be very cognizant, and we are obviously always thinking 
about. Structurally, my sense is that it will -- we actually feel that more and more, the -- if you 
see the number of hospital beds, for example, that is growing in India today. The number of 
hospital beds that are growing in the non-metro areas. 
So there is a huge -- they are growing because there is demand and that consumption of health 
services is reaching to the levels of population where it was not reaching earlier. And so my 
sense is that new markets, new people are getting unlocked, new people are getting healthcare, 
new cases are being diagnosed with chronic as well as things -- people are having the money to 
get the treatment.  
All those things are improving. So my question will be how we grow in this through our proper 
execution. Structurally, I feel that it's -- there's no -- I mean, there can be, obviously, quarter-
wise variation, but my sense is that one has to figure out and navigate through that. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
And just one last question around margins if I may squeeze. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Abhishek.  
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay, that’s fine. Go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital Single 
Family Office. Please proceed. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Good afternoon. This is Nitin Shakdher from the Green Capital Single Family Office. So my 
question is more towards Komal, not as an analyst, but more as an investor. Now you hold two 
positions, one is the CEO and the CFO position. Is there a thought within the management that 
at some point in time, you will tend to open an important position like a CEO and gravitate more 
towards business -- both portfolios are extremely important for a growing company like Windlas. 
Just wanted to hear your thoughts on that? 
Komal Gupta: 
So in fact, CEO position is what stays extremely important and critical for me. And that's how 
the management looks at it. CFO position, in fact, we had opened a position for CFO, and we 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
were looking for a lot of candidates. But net-net, ultimately, what happened is something didn't 
work out. We had issued a few offer letters as well.  
But when we did the analysis internally, it was actually a call was taken given how we were able 
to strengthen the overall balance sheet even alongside of CEO role and with our accounts and 
finance team being that solid. So we thought that in terms of priority, right now, it does not -- 
it's not -- it's not at the top priority for us. So we actually hold that position. And given how we 
have been able to deliver, nobody wants to change anything.  
If in future, something happens, which takes up more of my bandwidth, we might reconsider 
that there is no hard and fast decision that has happened internally. We stay open to both. But as 
of now, if you ask me, we are doing quite well in both areas. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay. My second question is in reference to the investor presentation. This is Slide 34 of 36, 
consolidated balance sheet. There is just a clarification which I want to check. Now your cash 
and bank balances are reducing from FY 23', '24, '25, and I see that there is an increase in 
inventory and investments and trade receivables.  
Now when it comes to investments, can you quantify as to where the INR223 crores investments 
are broadly because these are financial investments, I assume? 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes. So these are like liquid funds, mutual fund investments that are there and fixed deposits. 
So net-net, if you ask me broadly, we can give the breakup. So in fact, about INR16 crores we 
have in fixed deposits, more than INR220 crores in mutual funds and yes, so broadly. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
The choice of the funds and the banks is also governed by a policy for us where -- which is a 
Board-approved policy, and we only stay limited in those kind of assets. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Kothari from Pi Square Investments. 
Please proceed. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on the FY '25 successfully 
completed. I mean I joined the call a bit late, but just wanted to get a quick update on the 
injectable business, first thing. And the second thing, how exactly we are navigating from here 
forward? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So I have -- actually, this was one of the first questions that we had, and we sort of extensively 
shared the update. What I can say additionally is that we remain very positive. We believe it is 
the future. And how exactly it will pan out, which quarters we will get there, how much will be 
the bottom line, top line, those are things that, unfortunately, we are not able to share.  
But that doesn't mean that we don't have internal targets for business development teams, or the 
productivity teams, production teams, everything. Those are all established and being tracked, 
and we are on the job to try to reach breakeven and then exceed and bring in the benefit of this 
new dosage form to the company. 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Rishi Kothari: 
Not expecting any sort of numbers from you guys. Just wanted to understand what's the current 
status on the plant front and how exactly are we expecting having an eventual commercialization 
of the product that we are right now targeting from injectables? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Actually, I had explained this earlier in the call. We had started the year with the lines being 
ready. We identified the product portfolio in discussions with our customers and looking at the 
market volume data. We took the exhibit batches of these formulations after developing them 
in-house and then taking those batches, we generated the stability data.  
And most of these products have now are in different stages of stability and some have been 
commercialized also -- so the work that is involved in creating the right portfolio, going through 
the right steps in terms of regulatory, quality, production, all have been successfully taking place 
one by one. And so that's sort of the update that we have shared already. 
Rishi Kothari: 
So do we have any contribution from the injectables on our topline right now? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. We also shared in the beginning of the call that last year, we had INR6 crores in injectable 
sales, and that was primarily in Q4. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Okay. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Samarth Nagpal from Suranu Family 
Office. Please proceed. 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Hi, Hitesh, Komal congratulations on a great year. Most of the questions have been answered. 
Just wanted to understand one thing. On the trade generics business, I mean, what is the kind of 
structure we have? And I mean, how do we penetrate the market? And how do we scale it up?  
So if you could just give some idea around it because just wanted a fair bit of clarity in how 
many states are we present? And what is our team structure like so that we are able to maintain 
our working capital also and gain market traction? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Sure. See, first of all, the market structure is very, very distributed. So for example, I've spoken 
about in the past also that currently, we are catering to about close to 1,000 stockists or 
distributors. And if we are to cover the whole of India from an opportunity perspective, then we 
have to go to somewhere like 5,000, 6,000 stockists.  
And in fact, the larger guys will have even more. So the structure, therefore -- and you cannot 
really build a sales force to cover feedstock. It's like in branded generics people do. So it has to 
be a manpower-light model. However, in some cases where there is room and there is 
opportunity, then you do have to add people. So you have to be more geography specific. So 
like, for example, in UP, there are districts which one district has like 2,000 villages. 
There is a huge, huge geographic spread. You can't have 0 manpower, but you can also not have 
a very high manpower. So you have to take the staffing decisions based on the local needs of 
that area and then obviously choose the stockist also correctly and then have the right terms and 
the right discipline of working with them so that you don't have problems in day-to-day working.  

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So the structure is designed from ground up, keeping this in perspective, whether it is on the IT 
system side, whether it is on the sales team selection and appointment, whether it is in their 
incentivization structure, even from the perspective of sales promotion, what kind of schemes 
that are developed for those stockists to engage with us and increase business with us. All of this 
is designed ground up. 
Now I will also tell you that it's not a one-size-fits-all strategy. So what we have to do in UP is 
very different from what we do in, let us say, in Karnataka or in Maharashtra. Even the kind of 
products that are being sold in these geographies becomes different because of the prevailing 
nature of, let us say, poverty and the kind of disease profile that is faced by the target population.  
So we have to go sort of and design not by our own view of how it should be, but what is the 
most efficient way to target the local opportunity. And that's how we are building it. 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Got it, Hitesh. I think that really explains well the entire ecosystem because what idea I had was 
that it is very easy to enter the markets, have the stockist and everything. But how do you ensure 
that in the hinterlands, your product is actually selling the right product is there and the sales are 
actually converting, the product placement is right. So that really explains it well and should 
help us scale further also. 
Hitesh, just one minor question. On our employee expenses, I think we had that minimum wage 
criteria last year. So is it fair to assume that this year, the amount of capex we are doing or 
whatever the team size be, the employee expenses should streamline. I mean, there would not 
be a major bump up in that. Is it fair to assume that? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So at least, whatever increase in costs will be there in terms of the increments on the existing 
employee base. 
Komal Gupta: 
And when Plant 6 is capitalized... 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. We will have... 
Komal Gupta: 
Basic manpower on machineries. But there we don't expect a huge bump like we had versus FY 
'24 and FY’25, that's fair to say. Minimum wage also, I hope now this year, there will be no 
increase coming. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
And our employee cost also has our ESOP costs in there. So that... 
Komal Gupta: 
That non-cash item hike. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Non-cash item hike. Yes. 
Samarth Nagpal: 
I think that's fair enough. I think thank you Hitesh and Komal and I think it's been a great 
performance and it's lovely to see the way we are managing the business. So happy to be a 
shareholder also. Thank you so much. 
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you so much for the kind words. 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Yes. Thank you. 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarthak Kothari from Bulls Eye. Please proceed. 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Sarthak could you please come closer to the device. Hello… 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Sorry I think we cannot hear the question at all, the audio was very broken. May I ask the 
moderator to request the questioner again? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Mr. Sarthak, could you please rejoin to the queue. We will take the next question. We take 
the next question from the line of Aniket Nikumb from ABN Capital. Please proceed. 
Aniket Nikumb: 
Firstly, congratulations on a good set of numbers and the progress you've done over the last 2 
years. It's been really good to see that play out. I had two questions then. First question was 
you've sort of said that with our current capacity and the new plant on the oral solid side, we can 
go to, say, call it, INR1,000-plus-odd crores.  
And in that context, obviously, we have accumulated, I think, around, call it, INR215-odd crores 
of cash, right, with each year of significant cash generation. So just wanted maybe a little bit of 
your folks' view on how are you thinking about the capital allocation here? I know you've 
mentioned a little bit before about inorganic opportunities and so on.  
So what's the thought process there? Do you think you want to do some organic capex or what 
other opportunities are you looking at as you evaluate? 
Komal Gupta: 
So Aniket, as we have been maintaining, we want to expand dosage form-wise. We keep 
exploring several options for this for M&A, as you rightly mentioned. If we get an opportunity 
which fits in properly, synergistic fit, we would go ahead and do that. As you also mentioned, 
we have sufficient cash in place and debt taking capability is also there.  
So there is no restriction in terms of size. However, if we don't find something that -- where we 
don't have to do the job of making business good, we can do and go for organic capex. However, 
that we would take once injectables business is stabilized, doesn't need mainly our bandwidth so 
that then we can actually look at building a good facility and also building business there. That's 
the plan in terms of capital allocation. 
In terms of dividend, we hope to continue to always pay the dividends as per the policy of 20% 
of profits unless there is any -- we don't see a reason to make an exception to it. So that's broadly 
the plan. And the capex for Plant 6 during this year in FY '26, which has to happen, that will 
happen. 
Aniket Nikumb: 
Okay. Got it. No, that's helpful. And just bookkeeping question. Can you quantify what is the... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Aniket. Could you please return to the question queue as there are several 
participants waiting for their turn? 
Aniket Nikumb: 
Okay. All right. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthik from Suyash Advisors. Please proceed. 
Karthik: 
Good afternoon. I hope I'm audible. There are two parts to my question on the trade generics 
business. One is, can you share the current split of your business in terms of acute versus 

Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
chronic? And how do you see that evolving over a period of time? And the second has to do 
with the distribution that you spoke about.  
Would it help partnering with somebody like a MedPlus who has a large chain or somebody who 
is an online seller? Would that help you accelerate your growth and economics, of course. So 
two parts to my question? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Chronic, we have largely remained similar. Whatever changes there are there. 
Komal Gupta: 
So, 60 by 40 is for chronic and sub-chronic, around 60% and acute 40%. That stays. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. And sorry, we could not very clearly hear your second part of the question. Could you 
please... 
Karthik: 
Yes. So, A I was saying how would this evolve over the next 3-year period? Would you see an 
increase in the chronic profile by any chance? And second part is on the distribution strategy. I 
was asking you, would it help partnering with somebody like a MedPlus who has a large reach 
or an online seller who may be able to carry you into these hinterlands and whether the 
economics would be reasonable for that? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. See, MedPlus is definitely a partner already with us because they are a CMO customer for 
us. They have the white label products, which they get manufactured from us. And we always 
look at all these partnerships of -- which can help us. Sometimes they come in the form of 
customers wanting to get their brands manufactured when it will be a CDMO.  
We normally, the hinterland market or the rural market has not had a very strong even e-
pharmacy kind of penetration. And so while we have placed product and it has not really moved 
as much. So mostly the offline channel that dominates in the smaller, smaller towns and villages.  
So that remains, and we are always open for more and more broadening of this channel. And as 
more organized retailers come in, this will again become an opportunity. So we are definitely 
open to exploring and we continue to do that even now. 
Karthik: 
Sure. Thanks for answering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Windlas Biotech Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Thank you very much. 
