 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code:  500271  
 
 
 
Scrip Code:  MFSL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on May 14, 2025, post declaration 
of audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2025, is enclosed.  
The 
same 
has 
also 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://maxfinancialservices.com/static/uploads/financials/q4fy25-earnings-call-transcript.pdf. 
You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on record.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
for Max Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Piyush Soni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
PIYUSH 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
PIYUSH SONI 
Date: 2025.05.19 
19:50:53 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Max Financial Services Limited 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Max Financial Services Limited Q4 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines should be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishant Kumar - CFO from Max Financial 
Services Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Kumar. 
Nishant Kumar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Max Financial 
Earnings Call for the Quarter-Ended March 31st, 2025. 
Our Results along with the Investor Presentation and Press Release have been 
made available on our website and stock exchanges. Joining me today are Mr. 
Prashant Tripathy - Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Amrit Singh - Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Sumit Madan - Chief Distribution Officer of Axis Max Life Insurance. 
I will now request Prashant to walk us through the key developments and insights 
for FY '25. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Nishant, and warm welcome to all of you. 
As you all know, FY '25 was marked by substantial product regulatory changes and 
market volatility that challenged many players across the life insurance industry. But 
I am very proud to say that despite all these headwinds, Axis Max Life Insurance 
remained resilient and emerged stronger, regaining our rank number 4 for the full 
year and more importantly, achieving rank number 3 for the second-half of the year 
as well as Quarter 4. Following the implementation of new surrender regulations, our 
agility, strong distribution capabilities, disciplined execution and unwavering 
customer focus enabled us to adapt and continue delivering consistent growth and 
value. 
Let me now take you through the key developments across 3 or 4 parameters that I 
always do, which are the strategic areas for the year. 
 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Sustainable and Predictable Growth: 
In FY '25, our Individual adjusted first year premium grew by 20%, surpassing private 
sector growth of 15% and overall industry growth of 10%. On a 2-year CAGR basis, 
we delivered 18% growth, significantly ahead of the 12% CAGR for the private sector 
and 8% for the total industry. Notably, this also marks the fastest growth among the 
top 10 private insurers over the past 2 years. 
Our Prop Channels have been key drivers of these 2 years growing by 27% with e-
commerce maintaining its leadership position across the Protection and Savings 
segment. Our Bancassurance channels delivered steady growth of 12% despite 
headwinds of open architecture. 
Back in FY '22, we had outlined our aspirations for FY '26. Internally, we call that 
mission “Uday” with clear objectives of becoming leaders in online acquisition, 
growing Prop Channels, leadership in Protection and Annuity and adding more 
distribution partners, I am proud to say that we have performed well and are on track 
to achieve these ambitious targets or be very close to them while navigating all the 
external challenges. 
You may want to refer to Slide no.16 of the presentation for very detailed progress 
and you will notice that across all these vectors, we are marching ahead very 
confidently and tracking close to the plan that we had laid out or the ambitions that 
we had laid out for ourselves. We have continued to add new partners and have 
added 44 new partners across Retail and Group channels in FY '25. Overall, these 
partnerships and our direct expansion with new offices provide deeper penetration 
into Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities, which will add impetus to our growth in the medium term. 
Product Innovation to Drive Margins: 
Axis Max Life remains committed to leading in product innovation with a clear focus 
on stakeholder value creation, be it customers, employees, partners, investors and 
communities. In FY '25, we rolled out 80 product interventions and this is a large 
number predominantly because we had to pretty much change all the products in 
view of the surrender guidelines. 
In Quarter 4, we actually launched 2 very innovative new product propositions: 
1. STAR ULIP combining life coverage with market-linked returns which offers 
high sum assured multiples and flexible add-ons such as accidental disability 
coverage plus diverse investment strategies. 
2. The second one was smart-term plan plus featuring and auto rebalancing 
life cover, maternity benefits for women and the lifeline plus option providing 
top up cover in case of the spouse’s demise with 7 flexible variants it meets 
diverse Protection needs. 
Together with SEWA 2.0 which is our “Flagship Health Product” introduced in 
Quarter 3, these launches helped grow our Protection business by 35% in FY '25 
and Individual New business sum assured by 31% maintaining rank #3. 
Additionally, from the presentation, you will notice that we with a lot of agility added 
riders, and our rider APE grew by 300%, contributing significantly to our margin 
performance, cushioning the impact of surrender regulations. 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Anticipating a question that might come our way in terms of the impact of surrender 
guidelines on the overall margins, I am very happy to share with you that the overall 
impact because of these actions that we took have quite substantially reduced and 
in my expectations there will be less than 50 basis points for Quarter 4. As a result, 
Quarter 4 margin stood at 28.1% despite the higher share of ULIP. And you will 
notice that the business actually took various steps to work on margins as we had 
communicated earlier and it is only marginally lower than last year’s margin of 28.6% 
despite having high ULIPs. And for the full year, margins were 24%. We had 
communicated a range of 23-24%. I am very happy to share that we are on the outer 
range of the expectations that we had set for ourselves. Though the margins are 
lower by 250 basis points compared to last year, it is primarily due to a lower 
proportion of non-PAR and higher proposition of ULIPs in our product mix. Our ULIP 
is 44% versus 36% last year. 
If we had not taken the actions of increasing the penetration of riders or our action 
on Protection as well as Health, the impact would have been more so by taking this 
quick actions to a great extent, we were able to negate the impact of product 
categories which inherently have lower margins. 
To rebalance our product mix, we are set to launch many interesting product 
innovations in FY '26, one of which is our recently launched non-PAR Savings 
Proposition Smart Buy. This product provides options such as multiple premium 
payment terms and policy term combinations, the choice between an early wealth 
variant and a long-term income variant, flexible income benefits and the option to 
accumulate survival benefits, policy continuance benefits and settlement periods 
death benefits. 
I am very happy to also share with you that as we start the New Year, we are seeing 
the product mix getting rebalanced and we are very satisfied with the progress that 
we are making towards our commitment to have a balanced product mix having ULIP 
proportion which is acceptable in the acceptable range as well as increase in 
traditional, especially non-PAR design. 
Customer-Centric Approach: 
Axis Max Life Insurance has made significant strides in customer centric metrices 
underscoring its unwavering commitment to customer satisfaction and retention. We 
are pleased to announce that for the third consecutive year, we have retained rank 
2 in customer satisfaction as for as syndicated NPS study by Hansa Research and 
we have also consolidated our position as rank 2, just one point behind rank 1. 
Our brand strength continues to show notable improvements with 7% increase in our 
brand consideration scores. We also maintained our rank 3 in brand search queries 
consistently rising throughout FY '25, even as the industry experienced a decline in 
Quarter 4 of FY '25. 
You may also recall that we had rebranded ourselves from Max Life Insurance to 
Axis Max Life Insurance. We did measure our brand awareness and brand 
considerations scores before the exercise and after the exercise in the month of 
March. I am very happy to share that across all vectors of awareness and 
consideration, we have seen a jump which is beyond the expectations that we had, 
and I am very happy that this particular exercise bearing fruits as per the anticipation 
that we had with the rebranding exercise. 
Furthermore, we achieved 6-point increase in our Net Promoter Scores which rose 
from 56-62 in March ‘25 versus March ‘24. This improvement is reflected across both 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Touchpoint NPS and Relationship NPS indicating strong customer sentiments and 
the success of our customer engagement strategy. 
Additionally, we reached an all-time high in regular pay premium 13th month 
persistency which increased by about 100 basis points from 86.6-87.6%. We saw a 
remarkable increase in the 25th month’s persistency which saw an increase of 380 
basis points, rising from about 70-74%. 
In terms of NOP, Axis Max Life Insurance has emerged as the industry leader in 25th 
month persistency ranking in the top 2 across all cohorts according to the 9 months 
disclosure. 
Finally, Axis Max Life has made considerable progress in improving grievance 
handling with GIR now reducing to 38 in FY '25, down from 44 in FY '24. 
Digitization for Operational Efficiency: 
Axis Max Life Insurance has made substantial progress in enhancing its digital 
capabilities during FY '24-25 with a focus on operational efficiency, customer 
experience and business growth. Key initiatives include the launch of mSpace, a 
super app that aims to streamline the insurance sales process by providing our 
frontline staff with easy access to policy information customer data and performance 
analytics with a long-term view of integrating training, intelligent nudges and a 
backend powered by Generative AI, thereby improving productivity and customer 
engagement. 
We as management of Axis Max Life Insurance have strong conviction in this 
particular digital design for our sales staff, which has the potential to substantially 
increase productivity in our field force. In the agency, we have achieved 90% 
adoption already for supervisor roles and 100% adoption for the direct sales force 
and these are two channels where it has been launched. Eventually, by the end of 
this year, it will be launched across all channels. 
To further improve customer experience, the scheduled callback feature on 
WhatsApp led to a 100 basis points increase in our NPS. Additionally, Axis Max Life 
upgraded its core systems, facilitating same day claim settlements, enhancing 
operational efficiency and system availability. We also introduced innovative 
solutions like mPulse Medical Vital Face Scan, a tool for Health Assessment for Non-
Invasive Underwriting which has further advanced our digital underwriting particularly 
for NRI customers. 
By leveraging AI, we have launched products that enable in-journey financial 
underwriting decision making, utilizing alternative data such as CIBIL, PAYU, and 
bank statements for income estimation. Furthermore, our risk analytics engine, 
including tools like Shield, MediCheck and GoVern have helped identify and mitigate 
potential claim risk exceeding about Rs. 1,500 crores in FY '25. All these tools are 
developed within Axis Max Life Insurance, really showing the strength of the 
business analytics team at Axis Max Life Insurance. 
To bolster employee engagement, we introduced the ELY People Engagement 
platform 14.04 powered by Gen AI to proactively engage with employees, assess 
sentiments, predict attrition and deliver personalized HR support. Collectively, these 
initiatives have strengthened Axis Max Life’s digital infrastructure driving enhanced 
efficiency, greater customer and employee satisfaction and reinforcing our 
competitive edge in the market. Looking at the business from people’s lens, I feel 
very proud to share that last year we stood rank28 on great place to work survey. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
We were also rated for being top 100 for 10 years with special recognition as well as 
we are rated top 50 for women, millennials and top company for ESG and CSR. That 
really powers all the success that we are seeing because people are our biggest 
strength. 
In summary, 
Geopolitical developments continue to influence market dynamics, rising uncertainty 
around global conflicts and trade policies may impact growth across the sector. 
Nevertheless, given the strong performance we have delivered in the year coupled 
with our current momentum give us great confidence to remain ahead of the industry 
and drive sustained value for all the stakeholders. 
I am going to hand it over to Amrit – our CFO who will provide an update on our 
financial performance. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you, Prashant, and good morning, everyone. 
Quickly, some update on key financial metrics, though most of them you will find in 
the Investor Deck as well: 
• 
The MFSL at our consolidated revenue excluding investment income stands 
at Rs. 32,620 crore, a growth of 12% in FY '25  
 
Consolidated PAT stands at Rs. 403 crore. 
 
• 
For Axis Max Life, renewal premiums have grown by 14% to reach Rs. 
21,049 crore and gross premiums have grown by 13% to Rs. 33,223 crore.  
 
• 
The value of new business written over the period stands at Rs. 2,107 crore 
for FY '25 at NBM of 24% and the VNB growth during the year has been 7%. 
 
• 
Embedded value as we end 31st March 2025 is now Rs. 25,192 crore. It is 
an annualized total return on EV of 29%, though the annualized operating 
RoEV, which reflects the health of the business, stands at 19.1%, which also 
includes the marginally positive operating variance of Rs. 5 crore and a 
positive non-operating variance of Rs. 356 crore, arising both from debt and 
equity.  
 
Embedded value results have been reviewed this time by Willis Towers 
Watson and the certificate for that effect has also been published along with 
our results. 
 
• 
Policyholder OPEX to GWP stands at 13.6% and total cost to GWP at 
23.1%. Policyholder OPEX has grown at the rate of 11% for FY '25.  
 
• 
Axis Max Life 12-month FY '25 profit before tax was Rs. 448 crore, a growth 
of 20%. 
  
• 
Also during the quarter, we raised Rs. 500 crore of subordinate debt with a 
credit rating of AA+ and as a result, as we have ended the year, our solvency 
stands at 201%, up from 172% last March. 
  
• 
Overall assets under management are around about Rs. 1.75 lakh crore, a 
growth of 16%. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
So we will be now happy to take any questions that you may have and I will hand 
over to the moderator to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes on the line of Avinash Singh with Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Very strong set of numbers. Couple of 
questions. The first one is more, if I see the growth in April, I mean your growth is 
very impressive, so can you and that is a bit of I would say or not in line with industry 
that is better struggling for growth. So what is driving this growth in this current year, 
this month, more into Protection or it is a kind of a balance across products. And in 
that backdrop, how do you see the growth in this FY '26 and margins, would you be 
kind of guiding for FY '26 margin by and large stable or sort of an improvement, so 
that some sort of growth and margin guidance in FY '26 and what is driving currently 
your growth? That is one. Second question again, I am not sure that I am going to 
get answered yet. So on this regulatory noise, of course, this regulated sector is 
never free from regulatory changes, but over the last, I would say a year or so, the 
frequency of noise is too much, and now once again, time and again this, the new 
noise around bancassurance is coming. So as a participant in this industry are sort 
of you kind of a part of any formal discussions in the past or informal discussion in 
past that you have heard anything that is kind of a currently being debated around 
this bancassurance as well? So these are my two questions. Thank you. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Avinashji, and thank you for asking these questions. My day actually 
began by reading your report on April, and I am not surprised you asked this question 
because you have written about Axis Max Life Insurance’s performance. Yes, I was 
very pleased with how April went. We grew close 24% as against private growth of 
around 2%. So that is a good upside. And to answer your question, it is across all 
lines of business, across all channels, for example, even our agency clocked good 
results versus competition and there would be a delta of 20% even in agency 
performance in my sense. So it was a good month as far as we are concerned. But 
I would just like to underscore that April is generally the smallest month of the year 
and hence we shouldn't read too much into the performance. Of course, the desire 
of Axis Max Life Insurance is to continue the momentum that we have seen in last 2 
years and continue to work hard. We have made efforts to rebalance our product mix 
and hence the ULIP mix that you saw for the full year of last year should come down 
and of course, April was directionally moving in that trajectory. 
Coming to the guidance, it is really giving absolute guidance is not the best idea. 
However, I will peg ourselves to where the industry moves. One would desire to 
maintain at least 300-400 basis points upside versus how the private industry grows 
and just going by your data only. You talk about 13%-14% growth of private industry. 
So I think you should add 300 basis points more to that. That will be at least the 
aspiration with which we will operate. On margins, we finished 24% and I have been 
repeatedly saying that we should be in a number which is slightly higher than that. 
But at the same time, we are not aspiring to have phenomenally higher margins at 
the cost of growth. So the way we are going to maneuver this year is to try NP in the 
range of 24%-25% and try to grow faster than the industry. That will be the desire. 
Coming to question no.2, the regulatory noise, I confirm that basis all the meetings 
that we have had and have been a part of some, I have not heard any formal 
communication about any changes in Bancassurance. I know there are many people 
or there are many sound bites that keep coming, but I have not officially got any 
sense from any sources about where is it coming from or is there anything coming 
or not? On the contrary, some of the sound bites that I have heard actually confirm 
that the expected regulatory posture should be consistent should not be changing a 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
lot so that it gives more and more confidence to industry players, customers as well 
as investors. So for the time being, my suggestion and request will be we don't give 
much heed to these sound bites that keep coming. Thank you. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Manas Agrawal with Sanford C 
Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Couple of questions, sir. One, I think all players in the private space have been able 
to attach riders in this year, want to understand what has really changed and why is 
it working now versus not 3 years ago and why it should work in the next 3 years? 
That is part 1. Second is, you talked about the rebranding helping in building up the 
brand. Have we started to take any action on pricing to reflect brand strength? And 
just one more piece on timelines for reverse merger? That will be the questions. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
The first question is more evolutionary, Manas to be honest, if you went back 10 
years, the industry didn't sell Protection either. Now it sells a lot of Protection. Maybe 
10 years ago, there were not many people selling annuities, but now many people 
do sell. So I think it is a part of General evolution, and I must also say that as 
competitive forces as well as regulatory forces put pressure on ability to generate 
margins, the industry is definitely looking for product categories, which could 
potentially create more margins. So the same applies to us. However, I must also 
highlight that it is also a question of execution. While everybody wants to sell or 
attach riders, to what extent one is able to attach is a question of execution, 
understanding and flexibility in the processes to do that. And I am very happy and 
proud that we have been able to do. The customers are also evolving and seeking 
more and more value and that is something which we can't ignore. As customer is 
becoming aware, customer is looking for value, customer is looking for unmet needs 
or products which could satisfy their unmet needs and I must highlight that all these 
categories, Protection, riders, Health as well as annuities address those needs which 
have pretty much remained quite unmet over last maybe 20-30 years. So that is the 
reason why the industry is moving in that direction. 
Have we taken any pricing action to reflect brand strengths? The answer is no. We 
will like to create our brand strength in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. In terms of pricing, 
we are competitive. I wouldn't say we are the best or we are the worst, we are 
somewhere in the middle and that really augurs well with what we are trying to drive. 
Also, it has been only 4 months that the brand got added. I would ideally give it about 
a year's time to see the full provision and benefit of brand strength and then we will 
consider any decisions about changing the pricing if required. 
The timeline or reverse merger, I must highlight to you, and you would have seen 
our Board message to Stock Exchanges, we are very desirous to do the reverse 
merger. However, we are just waiting for clarity. I think we are hoping that the clarity 
would have come from the change in the act which is expected or which was 
expected or is expected during monsoon session, which will pave the path for 
reverse merger in our case giving relief on section 35 and being listed organization, 
Max Financial Services, we want to keep all the stakeholders along as we do that, 
so hopefully, when it comes and I am quite hopeful that it will come in the month of 
August-September timeframe. We will immediately begin the exercise. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Manas. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani with CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just 
on the harping on the reverse merger, just one question that I had that another 
company which had won the case against IRDAI in NCLAT, ideally one would have 
expected that that should also have paved the path for you, has there been any 
discussion post that you have had with the regulator? That is my first question on the 
reverse merger bit and second is on the EV walk. Can you help us understand the 
operating variance that we have of 0.05 billion, how much of it is, can you give a 
breakup between how much was there in persistency or how much was there, across 
the different line items that we have within the operating variance, those are my 2 
questions. Thank you? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
I will take the first question, and I would request somebody to take the second one. 
On the reverse merger, your observation is right. Of course, there is some decision, 
however, I must highlight at this point of time that we reviewed the performance or 
our company with respect to the company which actually went through that process. 
We are a listed organization. There are multiple regulators involved, and we do want 
to make sure that we keep all the stakeholders along and hence our decision is to 
wait for the act to change. Of course, that path is available, and if there are significant 
delays in the change through act that comes our way, we will definitely consider that, 
because we are just talking for about 2 or 3 months, it is our decision internally to 
wait for the act change to happen before we begin this exercise. So right now, all the 
options are available. We will consider when the time comes. Over to you, Amrit for 
the second. 
Amrit Singh: 
On operating variants, there is Rs. 5 crore positive. And as practice, we do our 
assumptions, recalibrations and also the experience variants etc., and we have done 
our assumption recalibration. So there isn't like a material positive or material 
negative there. It has been largely in line. With respect to variants, there are some 
positives on the mortality and expense side and some marginal negative on the 
persistency and lapse side. So that is where I will leave it at. 
Shreya Shivani: 
That is very useful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Supratim Datta with Ambit. Please 
go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the Bancassurance channel. Could 
you give us this split of what is the contribution from Axis Bank during this quarter 
and what has been the performance there because we have seen that the growth in 
this channel has slowed in the 4th quarter versus the 3rd quarter, so just wanted to 
understand, despite the synergies, why is the growth slowing and what are you doing 
to improve growth there? That is my first question. The second one was on the slide 
where you layout some of your aspirations, slide 16. Now, if I look at your expectation 
from the Protection of business that suggests that you are building in a 25% CAGR 
over the next 5 years. Now, I just wanted to understand, what do you think will drive 
25% growth in Protection business because this business has seen a bit of volatility 
growth being subdued, then coming back and then again being subdued. So it has 
been a bit volatile. So just wanted to understand why do you expect growth here to 
grow 3x at the bottom end in the next 5 years? That is my second question. Thank 
you. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
So I am requesting Amrit to take the first one and then I will take the second one. 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Amrit Singh: 
Supratim, the Axis Bank growth for Quarter 4 was around 7% and the full year 
number as we shared is around 10%. And this slowdown actually you would have 
seen all across. In Quarter 4, the growth not just for us, but even from an industry 
perspective did moderate and we grew at around 11% for Quarter 4 on an adjusted 
FYP basis. Wherein even Axis at 7%, I would say it is kind of mirroring the broader 
trend across all channels with respect to the growth slowdown that was witnessed. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, but we are very satisfied with the progress that we are making in the banca 
space or partnership space. At Axis Bank, you would have noticed that our counter 
share remains stable at around 66% when on Yes Bank the counter was about 54%. 
So we are making good progress. It is the fact that in the second-half of the year, the 
industry growth actually slowed down, in the first half of the year, the industry grew 
substantially better than in the second-half. If I remember correctly, private industry 
grew 21% in the first half and only about 8% or 9% in the second-half. So there was 
a reduction and that was across all channels including banker channels. At a total 
level, our Banca contributes now about 55%-56%, of that absolute 48% is from Axis 
Bank and it remains a solid number and we are very hopeful that with the relationship 
that we have with Axis Bank, they are being our largest distributor as well as 
promoter and the kind of discussions that we have engaged in terms of planning for 
FY '26, very optimistic about the outcomes, not just on sales growth, but also on 
margin growth. Coming to the slide on Protection growth of 25%, I will just refer back 
to the analysis that we perform every year, which is called India Protection Quotient. 
We go to 25 top cities and great representation from Metros and Tier-1 and Tier-2 
and ask people about questions on their Protection ownership and that ownership is 
only 34% versus an overall ownership, life insurance ownership of close to 78%, so 
significantly lower ownership of Protection and when we dig deeper and ask people 
questions saying are you happy with the level of Protection or is it good enough for 
you in the circumstances that something wrong happens to you, is it good enough 
for your family to manage about half of them say no, which means the real 
penetration in top 25 cities in the Sec A & B category is only 17%-18%. That is a very 
small number. So our firm belief is that Protection in form of either pure Protection or 
Health or rider is an area which is under-penetrated, and it will continue to grow. If 
you were to look at our growth over the last 4-5 years, very happy to share with you 
that we have seen growth of this kind. So it is not unusual and hence our belief in 
Protection as a category remains. By the way, we have called that out as one of the 
top areas of strategy for Axis Max Life Insurance. We also firmly believe that the 
largest purpose that life insurance companies serve is to provide Protection and 
hence you will notice that our sum assured growth, 31% last year and while our 
market share may be lower on the total sales basis, but on sum assured basis, our 
market share is substantially high. We, in fact are number 3 player for last many 
quarters. 
Amrit Singh: 
And also I think just on the aspirational chart that was put out, that was somewhere 
in FY '21 that we kind of gave out 5-year aspirations. The reality is that obviously, we 
couldn't have envisaged COVID and associated impact. So there was a period of 
time of tightening of demand which affected growth in FY '22-23, but as we look 
forward, even in this particular year, we have grown Healthy at 35% levels in 
Protection, and we are quite confident that we will keep marching forward on this. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. And I have just one follow up on the first question and the answer that you 
gave, you are expecting that margins to improve in the Banca channel. So just 
wanted to understand what would be driving that? Is it that you are looking at a 
product mix change in that channel or is there something else that you are focusing 
on? 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes. I think you are absolutely right. It is the mix of product mix as we are under 
seeing the volatility, which is affecting ULIP, the traditional products are becoming 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
more in favor and some of the trend as Prashant kind of mentioned in his opening 
remarks are even evident in the months that you just started for FY '26. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha with Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. First on the Axis Bank channel, 
not only about the last quarter, so last quarter I think across the channels there has 
been a little bit of a slower growth number, but even if we look at the number over 
the last couple of years, the growth is about 10% last year and before that, I think 
one of their other partners was growing in that channel. So there were some 
challenges as a result of that. But even after that, growth from that channel continues 
to be just about 10%. While you maintain your counter share, but I would have 
expected the channel to grow faster, so what is really troubling that and in your plans, 
then how do you see FY '26 panning out in terms of Axis Bank channel in particular, 
what sort of growth can we expect over there? So that would be my first question. 
Second question, on the surrender value changes, so what has happened is that 
these were implemented in the second-half, so there is only sort of half a year's 
impact. So my question is, how should we think about it in terms of FY '26, would 
there still be sort of more impact left to come through in this year and just 50 basis 
points is on a blended basis, but on an overall product portfolio of traditional products, 
what would be the margin decline over there as a result of this, if you could help me 
understand and provide some clarity on how should we think about this? Thanks. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Madhukar. As always, very sharp questions. Thank you for asking the 
very important ones. Let me first answer the Axis Bank question. Yes, it is a fact that 
last year, we grew 9%. This year, we have grown 10%. Our growth pretty much 
mirrors the growth at the bank level and this is not only for Axis Bank, overall Banca 
as a channel has not been growing significantly faster and most of the players have 
had faster growth coming from their Prop Channels. And the reason for that is quite 
evident to everybody. Over the last couple of years, banks have focused on building 
their deposits, which were under stress and that has been the reason why some of 
the effect on Life Insurance sales has come up. Axis Bank is a very large bank 
partner, so they do close to about Rs. 4,000 crore of sales for us. So there is a large 
base effect also that we need to be aware of. If I were to look at last 5 years growth 
number from Axis Bank, it is there in our presentation, it is about 12%. So as we 
move forward, we have had series of discussions with the bank, senior officials as 
well as people who handle this area of business and we are very optimistic that we 
will be able to pick up from here, very aware that the Axis Bank growth is going to be 
instrumental in realizing the overall potential that Max Life Insurance has and the 
aspirations that we want to achieve. However, we will not really guide you to a 20% 
kind of growth number, but definitely more closer to the range of 13%-14% which is 
our expectation. If anything extra comes, we will be quite delighted with that. So in 
our plan, whenever we talk about guidance of numbers etc., there is no discontinuous 
assumption on Axis Bank sales from where we have been in the last 5 years on a 
CAGR basis. But I am going to just invite Sumit Madan who leads entire distribution 
to talk about some of the initiatives that we have taken in Axis Bank which gives us 
confidence that we will be more towards 14%-15% than 10%-11%. 
Sumit Madan: 
Sure, thank you, Prashant. Madhukar, I think just to add to what Prashant said, there 
is an increased focus across all channels of Axis now in this financial year. There is 
a specific layer laid out strategy in some of the other businesses like assets, 
emerging verticals, so on and so forth. I think that should add some kind of fill-up to 
this greater than 10% of a number that Prashant highlighted. There is also realization 
from a customer need analysis, insurance and specifically we spoke about Protection 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
also is becoming a key part of their portfolio. I think it is a combination of these 
strategies which should give us a further push as far as the growth of 10% for the 
last 2 years is concerned. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Sumit. Talking about the surrender value question that you asked, the 
issue impact of whatever I spoke less than 50 basis points, I am going to invite Amrit 
Singh to give us, maybe the item, but I must call out that H2 generally does about 
60%-65% of the sales. So it is not equal, and I wish I knew the number. In my 
business, I don't even look at what is the net impact of surrender value. Generally, 
the way management works is if you have a negative impact, you deploy 
mechanisms to actually course correct and in our mind that is to grow faster, to have 
the leverage, advantage, to drive product mixes which are of a superior category, to 
look at variants in the products which deliver higher margin. So when I say the impact 
is less than 50 basis points, it was on a net basis. That is the number I know. I don't 
know the gross number which is coming from if you know 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes, Madhukar, I just want to confirm to you that sequentially, Quarter 3 to Quarter 
4 movements in this particular Financial Year. We were impacted in Quarter 3, but a 
series of actions were taken in Quarter 4, which included changing variants, some 
thematics around riders, some pricing actions, some design constructs being 
tweaked and being changed actually, and we have almost neutralized the entire 
effect actually in Quarter 4 as what you witnessed in Quarter 3. So as in the run rates 
of products and their margin profiles, as we move forward, we don't really see 
anything coming in FY '26 for us. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. That helps a lot. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nidhesh Jain with Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, 
firstly, if you look at the growth in this year, we have done extremely well in the e-
commerce channel. So what is driving the growth in that channel and how 
sustainable do you think that growth rate that we are putting out in that channel is 
there? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, we feel very proud of our achievement in the e-commerce channel and for last 
many years, the growth will be more than 50% CAGR. Before FY '24 or around FY 
'24, we were the largest player in the Protection area and we have been no. 1 in 
Protection on e-commerce for many years, actually. However, we realized that just 
being Protection, we are not playing in a very quickly rising Savings area and we 
started to participate in the Savings area and some of the new things that you saw 
around index-linked fund designs, etc., have been instrumental. But for more details, 
I am just going to invite my colleague, Sumit Madan to talk about. 
Sumit Madan: 
Yes. I think specifically on the e-com channel, 1) we are very it is a crowning glory 
for us; we have been very proud of the channel. The way we work on both, data and 
the integration, I think those have been the key differentiators for us. The way data 
drives numbers for us in the e-com channel, I think we are slightly superior from that 
perspective. 2) I think there is a lot of segment focus that we have been able to bring 
in as far as the e-com channel is concerned. So there are the specific strategies as 
far as self-employed or let us say the HNIs or the Gen Z or the younger population 
is concerned. Similarly, for example, like Prashant earlier also highlighted, products 
are also being designed and the offtake of these products, especially the segmented 
products have been exceptionally good for us. I think the organization is very nimble, 
very agile as far as some of the thinking around e-com is concerned and I think that 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
has kept us in the leading spot in this business, which I am sure will continue to be 
the case. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, but just to summarize, I think presence in a very innovative way in the Savings 
area, especially ULIP and index-linked, which we were the innovators and first ones 
to come up with has been the core reason of our growth. Of course, the base effect 
is going to kick in, which we are hugely aware of. So I wouldn't quite guide that next 
year also, we are going to grow like 60% but yes that has been a big driver, of course. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And sir, what percentage of e-commerce business is coming from our own website, 
of the Rs. 1,000 crore premium? 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes. So I think from customers that have kind of come to us, around 40% of those 
customers have come from our own efforts and 60% from aggregators. But when 
you kind of break it into sales, the number kind of comes down to 30-70 kind of a 
ratio. And again, we are over indexing Protection there and under-indexed in Savings 
from a direct perspective in that channel. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Secondly, in the other Bancassurance partnership also we have done reasonably 
well. So earlier, we were largely dependent on Yes bank, so how is the diversification 
in the other Bancassurance partnership, what is the share of largest bank in this Rs. 
54 crores of premium for FY '25? 
 Sumit Madan: 
Yes, I think the other bank story has been exceptionally good for us. So in some of 
the new partnership that we have been able to be a part of one, it is important to be 
present across some various banks. But I think the tougher task obviously is to make 
your presence felt in most of the new bank partnerships, whether it is TMB, SIB, 
DCB, so on and so forth. We are actually among the top 2, top 3 players in terms of 
our counter share. And again, I think this has mainly been led by some excellent 
team we have on the ground coupled with some of the great product innovation we 
have been able to have. One of the things which actually make a difference on the 
ground is actually a very strong distribution capability center, which is the entire 
training hub. We have been doing a lot of training, not only for the internal teams, so 
that many of the banks, given our strength around DCC has also invited us to arrange 
some training program for their SP's. So I think it is a combination of all and like you 
rightly mentioned, the new banks, the contribution for us is actually on an upward 
swing. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
One of the ways I measure our performance also, Nidhesh, is of the new initiatives 
that we have taken in Prop channel or building new businesses or acquiring new 
banks, etc., how much of that as a percentage of total sales is. And I am very happy 
to share that we generally shoot for about 10% number and we were actually 11% 
last year. So, everything that we have done in building new channels, Prop, within 
Prop, within DSF, within new banks, GCL all put together, they are around 10%-11% 
of last year, number one. Number two, the business development engine has been 
working really well, like we highlighted to you, we acquired 44 new partners, three of 
them are banks. So I am very hopeful that as we go long, we will not be impacted by 
the base effect of same banks. We will have new banks to work on and hence this 
will continue to remain a growth area for us for multiple years to come. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And lastly, if you can break the non-operating variants in terms of equity and debt? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, I am asking Amrit actually to share those numbers. 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Amrit Singh: 
So in the non-operating variants, there is a negative of around Rs. 41 crore because 
of the brand, onetime brand change that we did. There is a positive of Rs. 219 crore 
around equities and debt around Rs. 170 crores. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani with CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, thank you for the follow up question. Sir, just wanted to clarify, on your dividend 
strategy, you had mentioned 1 or 2 years back that you will not be paying out 
dividends. So this strategy does not change till Axis Max Life gets listed. Is that a 
correct understanding? And second is on the persistency, so I know Y-o-Y trend, you 
have shown us whatever trends have been there. However the formula for 
calculating the persistency seems to have changed, it changes from the regulator. 
Just for my understanding how regularly does this happen? And I believe this will be 
for the entire industry, right? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
So maybe, I will take the first one and Amrit could take the second. Our dividend 
strategy will remain firm; we actually need a lot of capital. So as we go along, we will 
need capital for growth and hence paying out dividend at this point of time is not 
recommended because the business is actually going to ask shareholders to give 
capital. The other one is, you might know that for many years, actually we declared 
dividend for the purpose which is quite well known to all of you. So we like to preserve 
it and have the positive impact on our embedded value as we go along. On 
persistency formula, Amrit, do you want to just? 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes, so this does not happen very frequently actually. In FY '24, there was a specific 
guidance which the regulator kind of provided around full year persistency 
disclosures to be undertaken. And if I see in the last 10 years, it has happened in FY 
'10, FY '14 and FY '24, I think 3 times, so it is not like a periodic phenomena, but they 
did change it in this financial year and to that effect we have restated both the current 
year and the previous numbers to make it comparable and in line with what the 
regulation now ask us to do. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. Great. That answers. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal with Centrum. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I was looking at slide 39 of your presentation deck and 
basically, I was looking at the case size. So what was a little surprising is that ULIP 
has actually declined and so is Annuity. Can you just specify the reasons for that? 
Amrit Singh: 
So Annuity is a bit of a shift from single premium business to regular premium 
business and that also is an underlying reason why you see a weak Annuity numbers 
that you have reported. Though on regular premium, actually the growth has been 
very robust. On ULIP, it is a bit of a choice of customer segments and where you are 
kind of going and you would have also noticed that in proprietary channels and 
especially in e-commerce and we spoke of the focus towards Savings products in e-
commerce, there the ticket size typically which is originated on ULIP is actually much 
lower than what the offline channels typically originated. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Fine, that is helpful. Second is, in terms of number of policies, while I understand the 
non-PAR was not kind of a flavor in Financial Year ‘25 and we saw decline from 
1,97,000-1,80,000 odd. But going forward, now that maybe ULIP may not grow as 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
fast as maybe other segments, so can we assume that the number of policies in the 
non-PAR Savings should increase? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, that will be a good assumption to make. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have 
reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Nishant Kumar for closing comments. 
Nishant Kumar: 
Thank you everyone for being part of Max Financial Earning Call. We look forward 
to more such interactions in the future. Thank you once again. Have a good day. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Max Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain errors. While the transcript has been edited for clarity and 
efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, the Company assumes no responsibility for any 
errors. 
