Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE-NSE/2025-26 
 Date: 19th May, 2025 
To, 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Script Code: 513349
To, 
The Manager – Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Script Code: AJMERA
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings Call 
held on May 14, 2025 on the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the Quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025. 
The audio / video recording and transcript of the presentation are available on the website of the 
Company viz. www.ajmera.com. 
Kindly take the above on your record.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
Reema Solanki 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
REEMA 
NALIN 
SOLANKI
Digitally signed 
by REEMA NALIN 
SOLANKI 
Date: 2025.05.19 
18:20:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call.” 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DHAVAL AJMERA – DIRECTOR (OPERATION & 
STRATEGY) – AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN BAVISI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – AJMERA 
REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJIV PANDYA - CHURCHGATE PARTNERS 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q4 
and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Pandya from Churchgate Partners. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Pandya: 
Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. On behalf of the company, I would 
like to thank you all for participating in Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited's Earnings Call for 
the Q4 and FY ‘25. The call will commence with the opening remarks by Ajmera Realty & Infra 
India Limited, Director (Operation & Strategy), Mr. Dhaval Ajmera, and will be followed by 
business performance discussions by CFO, Mr. Nitin Bavisi. 
 
We have already shared the operational updates of the quarter in the second week of April 2025. 
The earnings presentation and press release based on the financial results adopted by the Board 
have been uploaded on the stock exchange, website and can be downloaded from Ajmera Realty 
& Infra India Limited 's company website. 
 
Please do note that some of the statements in today's discussion may be forward-looking in 
nature reflecting company's outlook and may involve certain risks and uncertainties that the 
company may face. 
 
I would like to hand over the call to Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 's Director (Operation 
& Strategy), Mr. Dhaval Ajmera. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I would like to begin by giving you some 
discussions about the overall real estate update and sector updates and thereafter taking you to 
our company updates. 
 
The financial year '25 has been a very robust year, I would say, obviously, for India, despite 
these global tensions and trade tensions are coming across. The economic momentum has been 
quite robust for India. We have seen great strategic tie-ups for India, U.K., free trade, record 
high exports to U.S. Obviously, the tariff has been a challenge, but then it still continues to see 
a great as per last year, it has been relatively good. 
 
The overall economic outlook also remains very optimistic with GDP growth, controlled 
inflation, and RBI rate cuts to further stimulate demand in real estate sector. In the financial year 
'25, India's real estate sector saw strong growth across residential, commercial, and alternative 
segments fuelled by high demand policy support and increased investor interest. 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Companies are expanding beyond traditional markets, luxury housing and ready-to-move-in 
homes gain popularity, while office space and emerging sectors like data centers has also thrived. 
Government tax incentives towards homeownership has been encouraged and been well taken 
through, though affordability remained a concern due to rising price, but the market saw 
innovation in financing, including the launch of residential and mortgage-backed securities in 
India. 
 
Now coming to our projects. We've had a very, very great year and very happy to share that FY 
'25, where all our projects have been performing well, we are inching towards deliveries of many 
upcoming projects in our portfolio, which is well ahead of our RERA timeline. 
 
I'd like to start up with our flagship project, Ajmera Manhattan, which is almost 88% sold off in 
inventory, and the project is also making a substantial progress of 23rd level and 21st level in 
respective towers. Ajmera Greenfinity also where about 2/3 of the project is being sold. We are 
about more than 60% of the RCC work done. Our other project, Ajmera Eden and Ghatkopar 
has -- it's almost 90% completed, and 90% of the inventory is also being sold. The Juhu project 
is almost ready, and we've already applied for OC. I'm happy to share that we've almost there by 
getting the OC and we have about very, very little inventory left to sell. Further, Ajmera Vihara 
and Bhandup, which was launched in May 2024, has been sold, about 65% of that inventory has 
been sold, and where we just begun the work and we are on the first slab of the project. Moving 
to our Bangalore projects, Lugaano and Florenza, which is 90% - 95% sold off and expect it to 
complete in September '26, Lugaano, Florenza both in this financial year sorry, September '25 
and both Lugaano and Florenza. Ajmera Iris, recently launched project, has almost seen a 50%, 
60% inventory being sold off, and the work is also being successfully going on in this project. 
I'm very happy to say that we recently launched in the Q4 a project known as Ajmera Marina in 
Bangalore. And within this quarter itself, we have sold about 62% of its inventory and we just 
started with the excavation work. 
 
So overwhelming response has been coming up wherever we have done launches and sustaining 
sales have been pretty good in all our continued and sustained projects. So we are very happy to 
say that in the overall portfolio of our sales, 40% of our sales have come through project launches 
this year, so which just shows and validates that the brand Ajmera has been well received by the 
customers, and we continue to reap the fruits about getting great launches for our projects. 
 
Looking ahead, this year sounds to be very, very exciting. We have 9 new projects coming up. 
We have about 2.2 million square feet of carpet area, which is being launched with a GDV of 
approximately INR 6,500 crores. These projects position us strongly in the upcoming calendar 
year, which promises exciting growth prospects. So this year is going to be very, very exciting 
for us as a company. And we are really looking forward for great launches and great numbers 
coming for our company this year. 
 
For the financial updates and numbers, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Mr. Nitin Bavisi, 
who will walk you through the performance highlights. Thank you. 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you, sir. Very good evening to you all, and thank you for joining us. Before we move on 
to Q&A session, allow me to summarize the consistent operational and financial performance 
we have delivered for Q4 and FY '25. 
 
Our performance for the FY '25 sales value reached INR 1,080 crores, marking 6% Y-o-Y 
growth. Sales area reaching to 595,000-plus square feet, which is also a 26% Y-o-Y growth. 
Collections stood robust at INR 646 crores, which is also a 13% Y-o-Y growth. 
 
Revenue for the year stood at INR 753 crores, 6% Y-o-Y. EBITDA at INR 246 crores, which is 
also 18% Y-o-Y and EBITDA margin at 33%. Our PAT reached at INR 126 crores, increasing 
by about 22% Y-o-Y, resulting in a PAT margin of 17%. 
 
With healthy operating cash flow and equity raise, the company has successfully reduced its 
debt by about 15% Y-o-Y, amounting to INR 119 crore as compared to FY '24 closing number. 
 
The debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.55x:1, the lowest in our recent history and created further 
headroom to undertake aggressive growth through the launch pipeline, which just narrated by 
Dhaval bhai. The weighted average cost of debt has remained at 12.2% per annum. 
 
Happy to bring the fact that all marginal loans recently, which we have syndicated, which is at 
much lower rate ROI than this weighted average cost, coupled with repo rate reversal, which 
RBI has given the 2 rate reversal. So we are very hopeful that going forward also, we will have 
the good headroom cost of debt to coming down on our debt portfolio. 
 
Let me now briefly mention the improved revenue visibility. With the OC received and ongoing 
project portfolio estimated to be around INR 1,897 crores, out of this, INR 1,200-plus crores is 
from where the sales performance has already been achieved and about INR 650-plus crores of 
the revenue to come whereby the inventory to sell. 
 
Additionally, our projects in the launch pipeline are estimated to contribute about INR 6,400-
plus crores, which is also going to give us a very headroom for the overall revenue visibility of 
INR 8,354 crore. The estimated net cash flow from our OC received and ongoing project is about 
INR 769 crore. 
 
With this concise summary of our business highlights and financial performance, I'd now invite 
your questions and look forward to further interactions. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Congratulations for good performance. Sir, my first question is regarding the upcoming 
launches. So let's say, if we start with Wadala project, even in this quarter, we have kept it as a 
Q1 launch time line. It's already half the quarter gone, so how confident are you of launching it 
in this quarter itself? 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes, we are quite confident about launching this project in this quarter. Most of our approvals 
are already in place. We've got the majority of the things. Final last leg handovers have been 
happening and we should be able to get through in this quarter. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Now coming to the other projects. So let's say, Vikhroli, Bandra, Versova, even 
Kanjurmarg, so these were earlier, all of these are planned in Q1. And now some of them, we 
are planning Q2 and some even Q3. So if you can broadly touch upon why we are facing such 
delays. And how confident are you that more delays won't happen? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So the Versova, Kanjurmarg, Vikhroli, these projects have been delayed or probably pushed 
because of there are certain regulatory issues for all across the area specific and not a project 
specific. And there not only us, but a lot of other projects have been affected from the recent 
environment and NGT order, which we are very, very hopeful that it should be able to clear 
soon. And hence, we've pushed back these projects because once we get that, then the other 
approval processes start automatically. So hence, those have been pushed. 
 
As far as the Bandra is concerned, Bandra is on track, and the other projects are also looking on 
track. And with these kind of outline, we'll definitely be able to launch on the given time lines. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And is there any specific issue with the Kanjurmarg because if we see in the DCR, there 
have been no documentation after August '24? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So no, there has been no right now, we are under the master planning phase and we are also 
under the internal approval processes, which is to be done and handing over of particular  
because this particular land has a lot of handovers to be done in terms of roads, in terms of 
amenities, et cetera. So we are under those space right now to hand over all these to the 
government. And subsequently put up the project for launch where we have to start doing our 
sales. So since this is a larger layout, obviously, there would be complexities in handling over, 
et cetera, which we are ironing it out and closing it. 
 
So hence, we want to ensure that we finish up all the basic approval so that we can easily launch 
the project subsequently in phase wise. And although there are collector payments which were 
made and all of that which was done, so we've done all of that in all those projects to get all our 
things cleared. And once we start that and when this NGT clearance come, we just have to put 
our plans for approvals and take subsequent project approvals. 
Dixit Doshi: 
So these handovers, we have to do it by Q3 so that we can launch in Q3? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, it's not completely important, but because of the largeness of the layout, our endeavour is 
that we want to give away all the handover, so that the net looks completely clean and everyone 
has a clear visibility, and that is where we are doing. There is no compulsion in us, but we want 
to make a layout with full amenities, master planning, all those, what you call, the layout roads 
to be done, et cetera. Hence, we are doing it in a longer perspective and not just a short-term 
perspective. 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
And in terms of, you mentioned about the regulatory issue, the NGT order, so in your potential 
launches, there are 9 projects. So is this NGT order is only for the Vikhroli, Versova and 
Kanjurmarg or even other projects as well? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No, just Vikhroli, Versova and Kanjurmarg. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Just Vikhroli, Versova and Kanjurmarg. And now in this quarter, we have mentioned boutique 
office, Wadala, it's INR 1,800 crore project. So is it like a commercial project? I think earlier, 
we have moved some land bank to the subsidiary where we were looking for some partnership. 
So is this under partnership or we will be doing that? And is it office? And if it's office, then are 
we planning for leasing or it will be outright sale? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So first, number one, this is not part of that the land, which is being demerged and where we are 
looking for partners. That is a separate land. This is part of the larger layout of the other side of 
the land what we have. And in our analysis and thing, we always had a boutique office 
requirement because that was a lot of local requirement, which was coming in from the complex 
as well as the surrounding neighbour. So we've revised this plan, and this is a boutique office of 
about 400 to 600 square feet carpet area each offices, which is going to be on strata sale and not 
on lease, so which will be like a regular residential sale what we do, this is going to be like that 
of a strata sale. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And one last question in the round. So there are 2 more projects, Shastri Nagar, and 
Ghatkopar, so these are redevelopment projects or our own land bank? And what could be the 
margins over there? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So Shastri Nagar is a redevelopment project. And Ghatkopar is an outright buy of a smaller piece 
of land, which is like on the niche area at Ghatkopar east. So that's a smaller piece of land what 
we have taken. And Shastri Nagar is a redevelopment project. So we are looking at, at least in 
Shastri Nagar, we are looking at about 20-odd percent of IRR returns. And in Ghatkopar, since 
this is an outright, and we will have at least 30%-35%-plus returns coming. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh from Sahasrar Capital. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan. 
Karan: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask regarding the future projects, which we are going to develop. So how 
do you plan to finance all the new projects in the future? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So basically, our plants are like as we have internal accruals and as well the part of the equity 
raised money, which is also going to be utilized as a promoter contribution or the project 
contribution required from the equity phase kind of a thing. And we have some few projects 
which are on the closing kind of a thing like Prive, Eden, Greenfinity at the year-end kind of a 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
thing, 1 or 2 projects at Bangalore. So operating cash flow also going to be unlocked out of those 
projects kind of a thing, which is also going to strengthen our capital infusion into the new 
projects, plus we have given the guidance of debt equity ratio of 0.85, keeping the overall project 
level loans going to be there and which is what's going to be the supporting for this aggressive 
launch pipeline. So the mix of the all 3, the balance of the equity money plus operating cash 
flow and the debt level at our project level construction finance, I mean to say. 
Karan: 
Got it, sir. Sir, I just wanted to understand the accounting of like how do you recognize the 
collections which you take? For example, we have INR 650 crores collection ratio. So what is 
the accounting volume? And how do we recognize it? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So I believe your question is regarding the revenue and not the collection because collection the 
physical collection always gets recognized upon the realization of the funds. But just to clarify, 
the accounting of the revenue is on the percentage of completion method and which is on the 
execution and progress of the project. 
Karan: 
Sir, but I could see there is like INR 132 crore of current liabilities. So I assume that would be 
as advanced received from customers, if I'm not wrong? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So typically, like if I want to elaborate you, all the collections gets parked into the liability side 
as the advances from the customers, and basis the revenue recognition, it gets allocated to the 
P&L income side. And then after whatever the balance of the unrecognized revenue kind of a 
thing, those collections will keep on sitting on to the liability side, which is the number which 
you are referring. 
Karan: 
Got it. Got it. So I also wanted to just know about the project details of Ajmera Arham Malad 
and one in Yogi Nagar Borivali, like are we not including that in the presentation, any particular 
reason? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
 The Arham project is not part of our portfolio over here, well, because there had some 
complexities of the land, which was inherited since last 15-18 years, and it continues to have 
some or the other complexities and this was not included, and it's not part of this portfolio of 
ours. 
 
As far as Ajmera Yogi Nagar is concerned, yes, it is, but there has been some legal issues within 
the society and which if the society is trying to sort it out, and once that is sorted out, we'll put 
it across back in our books here. So we just have to wait till the society clears that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Divyam from RB. 
Divyam: 
Now I wanted to ask what the land bank is with you, area-wise and value-wise? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Can you please repeat your question? 
Divyam: 
What is the land bank, area-wise and value-wise? 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So land bank, what we currently have, which is not launched and which we possess in our hand, 
is about 10 million square feet of FSI, primarily divided in Wadala and Kanjurmarg. Wadala has 
about 3 million square feet of FSI sorry, 2.5 million and Kanjurmarg has about 8 million square 
feet of FSI. Plus we have about approximately 1 million square feet in Bhandup, which will be 
coming in. So the Wadala and Kanjurmarg put together will be roughly top line of about INR 
30,000 crores – INR 35,000 crores - INR40,000 crores. And Bhandup, which is about 8 lakh 
square feet is about INR 1,600 crores. So the land bank, which has not come into our portfolio 
right now, is about INR 40,000 crores-INR 42,000 crores and approximately about 11 million 
square feet of FSI. 
Divyam: 
And by when you planning to do the construction on this? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
As we said, that Wadala is an ongoing complex and Kanjurmarg is going to start getting launches 
this year, which we are doing one. By next year, we will see more launches coming up in 
Kanjurmarg and Wadala as well because those will be parallel launches, which will be coming. 
One will be probably residential, one will be commercial, some will be retail. So there will be 
2, 3 parallel. Like in Wadala, this year also, we have 2 parallel launches, one is the residential 
and one is commercial. So that way, again, in Kanjurmarg, we'll have different varieties of 
launches coming in. Our endeavour is that in Wadala, we should finish in the next 4 to 5 years' 
time and like at least launch them, and Kanjurmarg should be a 6-7 year project. 
Divyam: 
And any planning to add new land bank? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes. Obviously, as this year also, we had given a guidance of about INR 3,000-odd crores of 
project launches or project acquisitions to be done. And we have acquired around INR 2,500 
crores of projects this year. And in this coming financial year, we are looking at INR 3,500 
crores to INR 3,600 crores of new project acquisitions over and above what we already have. 
Divyam: 
And any additional leverage for that? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So leverage will be added, obviously, but that will be mapped to the project specific. But most 
important is that we want to keep our debt-to-equity ratio under 0.8 to 0.85, that's where we will 
target to keep it and not go beyond that. So that's how we will take the respective debts where 
we want to where we have to. 
Divyam: 
So any planning for debt free? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Sorry? 
Divyam: 
Do you have any planning for debt free... 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
This is construction business where debt is inevitable part of the project cost and there is a lot of 
initial funding, which is required beyond the land, and it is premium, it is construction, it is the 
land cost, which is a lot of upfront payment to be done. So I don't think there will be a debt-free 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
thing because if we do debt free, then the growth will be sacrificed. And we do not want to 
sacrifice our growth, and we want to continue with the growth trajectory. So we will have debt, 
but it will be mapped to a particular project, and not something which will be hounding as a 
separate thing. 
 
But every debt will be mapped to a project, and we will continue with 2 things: one is launching 
our own land bank, two is constantly getting on to buying new properties or projects, which will 
help us in helping our company grow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang, an individual investor. 
Devang: 
Just want to know what's the debt planning for your what will be your debt management 
guideline? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Basically, debt equity ratio, which we have given as a guidance, which is 0.85x. And as you can 
read through the slide, like the general corporate loan and balance sheet loan, which is we have 
had from INR 338 crore in March '24 to almost INR 167 crore and we have further plan in place 
to prepay this loan and bring it down aggressively and endeavour to zero down further. 
 
Going forward, project-level loans, we will not shy away to take the project-level loan because 
that is something offering the growth to us, as explained, the concept of trading on equity kind 
of a thing. So that is something which we will take and support our aggressive launch pipeline, 
and that's how the debt equity ratio guidance is of 0.85x for FY '26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Sir, if you can explain us the regulatory issue, which we are facing specific to this NGT order. 
So what exactly the issue? And what they are saying? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So fundamentally, there has been a stay order which has come from NGT is a National Green 
Tribunal, which has said that any projects which are in the surrounding area of 5 kilometres of 
eco-sensitive areas of the city or a town will have to start appraising the environment clearances, 
not at the local level that is Bombay or Maharashtra, but you have to go to Delhi. Now what 
does that mean is that in a city of Mumbai, there is a Sanjay Gandhi National Park and in Thane, 
there is that Flamingo Park and all of that. Those are called as eco-sensitive zones. So when you 
do a 5-kilometer radius from Sanjay Gandhi National Park, primarily, all these areas will land 
up until Versova and on the Western side. And if you go towards the central side, all of these 
areas and land towards Ghatkopar almost comes into this 5-kilometer radius. So a lot of central 
belt areas and a lot of western belt areas have been affected by this. 
 
What this means is affected meaning that if your project is now going to be above 20,000 square 
meters of construction area, you have to go for environment clearances and those environment 
clearances instead of doing it in Mumbai, you have to do as per the process you are supposed to 
do in Mumbai, but now you have to go and do it in Delhi.  Now unfortunately or fortunately, 

                                                                                                    
 
                                                                                                   Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
  
May 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
the Delhi central government did not want to start this because if they start for one, the entire 
India projects come in because eco-sensitive zones are not only in Mumbai, it is all across India 
in every city, every state and every town. So they were not very reluctant. So they are also 
pushing within the court and this was being challenged by us as developers in the court and the 
matter was in Supreme Court, and it is still in Supreme Court. Hopefully, very soon, we feel the 
matter has been argued right now, it is under a judge. And he has heard both the sides of the 
matter and hopeful to get some orders soon because it is closed for orders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash. 
Yash: 
I'm Yash from Wallfort PMS. I just wanted to know the capex plan for next 2 years. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So typically, we have these 9 projects, which is 2.2 million square feet, having the GDV of INR 
6,457 crores and as we have been giving the guidance about maintaining the EBITDA and the 
PAT margin.   
So rest of the component is that of the cost element and which is what the capex over a period 
of time because all these projects in the time lines of about 4 to 5 years, and that is over a period 
of time, and a few of the upfront cost that of the approval cost and such kind of a thing is paid 
upfront and as well then after in installment basis. Construction cost is spread over, and rest of 
the other costs are also time-related cost kind of a thing. So these are the overall capex over these 
9 projects. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So roughly around INR 4,500 crores to INR 4,800 crores is the cost, which will be spread over 
the next 3 to 4 years. Some will be upfront ended in terms of approvals, et cetera, and some will 
be consistent over the 3-4 year time line. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you, everybody, for participating and interactions for the performance and as well the 
growth plans which the company has and we look forward to stay connected with you all. And 
till then, stay safe, stay happy. Thank you, everybody. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Note: 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record 
of the proceeding. 
2.  Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference 
3.No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
