The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001
May 6, 2025
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Trade World, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound, 
Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, 
Mumbai 400 013
NSE SCRIP CODE: CHOLAFIN EQ       
 BSE SCRIP CODE: 511243 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025
Further to our letter dated 28 April, 2025, informing you regarding the upload of the 
audio recording of the Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended 31 March, 2025, we enclose 
the copy of the Transcript of the Earnings Call, which has also been uploaded on the Company 
website today in the following link: 
https://www.cholamandalam.com/investors/call-transcript 
We request you to take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
P. Sujatha
Company Secretary
PANGURA
YIRATH 
SUJATHA
Digitally signed by 
PANGURAYIRATH 
SUJATHA 
Date: 2025.05.06 
12:45:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company 
Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 28, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VELLAYAN SUBBIAH – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
– CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVINDRA KUNDU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CHOLAMANDALAM 
INVESTMENT AND FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUL SELVAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISCHINT CHAWATHE – KOTAK SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited hosted by Kotak Securities. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, Nischint. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the earnings conference call of Cholamandalam 
Investment and Finance Company Limited. We have the senior management with us today to 
discuss the 4Q FY '25 performance of Chola and share industry and business updates. Let me 
welcome Mr. Vellayan Subbiah, Executive Chairman and Executive Director; Mr. Ravindra 
Kundu, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Arul Selvan, Chief Financial Officer. I would 
now like to hand over the call to Vellayan for his opening comments, after which we will take 
the Q&A. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Nischint, thanks so much and good morning, everybody. We will just go through the results for 
the quarter and the year ended 31st March 2025. Disbursements were at INR26,417 crores for 
the quarter, which is up by 7% and INR1,00,869 crores for the year which is up by 14% year-
on-year. The total AUM stood at INR1,99,876 crores which is up by 30% year-on-year. 
 
The net income for the quarter was at INR3,758 crores which is up by 29% year-on-year. And 
for the year, it is at INR13,570 crores which is up by 36% year-on-year. The PAT is at INR1,267 
crores for the quarter, which is up by 20% and INR4,259 crores for the year which is up by 24%. 
Just give you some quick performance highlights. The vehicle finance disbursements were at 
INR14,430 crores in Q4 as against INR12,962 crores in Q4 FY '24, which is a growth of 11%. 
And disbursements for the year were at INR53,922 crores, as against INR48,348 crores in the 
previous year, which is a growth of 12%.  
For LAP, Loan against Property, we disbursed INR5,539 crores in the quarter, as against 
INR4,273 crores which is a growth of 30%. And for the year, disbursements were at INR17,913 
crores as against INR13,554 crores, which is a growth of 32%. The Home Loan business 
disbursed INR1,983 crores for the quarter as against INR1,747 crores, which is a growth of 14%. 
And for the year, it is at INR7,404 crores as against INR6,362 crores which is a growth of 16%.  
SME disbursed INR1,733 crores as against INR2,136 crores and the disbursements for the year 
were at INR7,763 crores as against INR8,106 crores. The drop in disbursement is due to a 
conscious decision to slow down on lower ROTA products such as supply chain finance. 
Consumer and Small Enterprise Loans disbursed INR2,328 crores as against INR3,301 crores. 
And for the year, it was at INR12,552 crores as against INR11,281 crores, which is a growth of 
11%. And the drop in disbursement is due, again, to like our decision to progressively exit from 
some of our partnership-led volumes.  

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The Secured Business and Personal Loans disbursed INR404 crores as against INR366 crores 
which is a growth of 10%. And for the year, it was INR1,316 crores which is a 23% growth over 
INR1,074 crores in the FY '23-'24. 
AUM stood at INR1,99,876 crores as compared to INR1,53,718 crores which is a growth of 
30%.  
PBT growth in Q4 was at 19% and for FY '24-'25 was at 25%.  
PBT ROA was at 3.6% for the quarter and for the year it is at 3.3%.  
ROE was at 22.2% and for the year, it was at 19.8% in Q4FY24.  
The company continues to hold a strong liquidity position with INR15,267 crores of cash 
balance including INR5,866 crores held at HQLA for LCR purposes and shown under 
investment. The total liquidity position was INR15,712 crores, including undrawn consortium 
lines. The ALM is comfortable with no negative cumulative mismatches across all time buckets. 
 
Our consolidated PBT for Q4 was at INR1,698 crores as against INR1,428 crores in the quarter, 
which is a growth of 19% and for the year it is at INR5,741 crores as against INR4,605 crores, 
which is a growth of 25%. 
We are also launching the Gold Loan business in select geographies.  
Our Gross Stage 3 assets representing 90+ dues, decreased to 2.81% as of March '25 from 2.91% 
as of the end of December '24. GNPA as per RBI norms decreased to 3.97% as against 4% in 
December '24. The NNPA as per RBI norms also decreased to 2.63%, which is well below the 
threshold of 6% prescribed by RBI as a threshold for PCA. 
The Capital Adequacy Ratio of the company was at 19.75% as against regulatory requirement 
of 15%. Tier 1 capital was at 14.41% and Tier II capital was at 5.34%.  
The Board has recommended a final dividend of INR0.70 per share, subject to approval of the 
members of the company at the ensuing AGM. This is in addition to the interim dividend of 
INR1.30 per share for the financial year '24-'25, declared by the company on 31st Jan 2025. So, 
Nischint, I will stop with that, and we will be happy to turn it over to the audience for questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Dhaval from DSP Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good performance. I had two 
questions. First relates to overall growth. Could you just highlight the growth expectation for 
next year? Last time, you had mentioned 25% for next year as well as medium term. Could you 
just re-highlight that? And specifically, if you can touch upon the home loan business growth.  

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Earlier, you had commented that we accelerate, stabilize, and again accelerate on this business. 
So, we have seen a 16% growth in disbursement this year, whereas the capacity growth is much 
higher. So, should we expect significantly better growth in FY '26? And any comment around 
that would be useful. 
And the second question relates to credit cost. On the newer businesses, we have seen an increase 
in all the three businesses, the CSEL as well as SBPL and SME business. Could you highlight 
like are these at peak-ish levels and we should see improvement across all businesses or any 
comment around credit cost in the newer businesses for FY '26 would be useful? 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Okay. So, in terms of overall growth, at the AUM level, we still believe we have always guided 
in the 20% to 25% range, and we still believe that will hold. In Home Loans in specific, I will 
let Prashant take that question. 
Prashant Kumar: 
So, for home loans, we are seeing around 15% to 20% growth. That is on disbursement side and 
book will be growing at the rate of 30% plus for next 2 years.  
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes, so the credit cost, we have delivered 1.4%. And in the case of Vehicle Finance, we are at 
1.6%. So, Vehicle Finance will reduce the credit cost in this year. So, if they reduce it by 20 
basis points, the company will get benefited by 10 basis points because they are 55% of the 
overall book. 
In terms of the CSEL and SME, these businesses will reduce the credit cost by the year-end. 
And we need to factor Q1, Q2 where the credit cost goes up and then Q3, Q4 credit cost goes 
down. So, what I am talking about the full year is our expectation in terms of SME and CSEL. 
If they come down by 50 basis points and they are 10% of the book, so they can reduce it for the 
company by 0.5%.  
And for HL and LAP, which is basically at rock bottom level, we need to –see all three 
businesses, SBPL, HL and LAP, if they goes up by 10 basis points and they are 35% of the book, 
they can actually increase it by 0.35%. So, net-net, what SME and CSEL reduction can get 
adjusted against the SBPL, LAP and HL. 
And then the vehicle finance reduction can reduce the credit cost by at least 10 basis points for 
the company. So, we are expecting 1.4% to go down to 1.3% in the next year as far as the credit 
cost is concerned. As the overall growth is concerned, as boss said that we are targeting 20% to 
25% always we have mentioned that. For that, we need to achieve 30% growth in non-vehicle 
and 20% growth in vehicle. 30% growth in non-vehicle is easily possible. Now we will try 
vehicle finance to deliver 20%. 
Dhaval: 
On the growth question, if you could talk a little bit around these newer segments that are getting 
added, should in the medium term, should this be additive to the overall growth profile of 20%, 
25% or this should help us sustain these levels of growth? Any comment around that would be 
useful? 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Yes. I will just say from a guidance perspective; we have always said that range of 25%. So that 
includes the new segments, right? So, we will manage the mix within that, but that is what we 
will get to as a delivered number for the company. 
Dhaval: 
Got it. Thanks, and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghav Garg: 
Hi, good morning and thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the 4Q performance. I have a 
few questions. One, just for clarification purposes, did you say that AUM growth for Vehicle 
Finance will be 30%, in FY '26, is that 25%? Is that what you said? Sorry, I may have misheard 
it? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. Vehicle finance asset growth, we said 20% and non-vehicle 30%. So that 25% can be 
achieved. But this 25% is at a higher level. Our stand is that we will be targeting 20% to 25% 
growth. All depends on how monsoon takes place because the last year monsoon was good and 
post that, things have started improving. This year in Vehicle Finance, we have disbursed almost 
12% for the year and we are likely to increase the disbursement from 12% to 15% to 17%.  
So, it depends on the second half. And that is the reason we are slightly conservative in terms of 
disbursement growth, and this has been our stand for the company, it will be 20% to 21%. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. And sir, I was looking at your 4Q numbers for the vehicle finance segment, there 
seems to be some seasonality in the vehicle finance yields. In fourth quarter, it tends to increase 
about 30 to 40 basis points quarter-on-quarter every time in fourth quarter. Why is that? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No, I did not understand. Once again, repeat it. 
Raghav Garg: 
No, I am saying that in the fourth quarter, your Vehicle Finance yields tend to increase quarter-
on-quarter by 30 to 40 basis points. And then in the following quarter, which is the first quarter, 
it comes. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes. So, your point is that the Q4, our overall income goes up like from Q3 level, it has gone up 
to, say, 15.2% to say, 15.6%. Last year, it went up from 15.1% to 15.4%. This is related to the 
collection efficiency because in the last quarter, always our collection efficiency improved and 
that improves overall collection, including the EMI collection like recovery collection, shortfall 
collection, other charges collection. So that includes the income, and that increases the income 
in the Q4. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. And sir, just one of the last questions from my side. Has the cost of hedging on 
foreign borrowings gone up in recent months? What is your observation? 
Arulselvan: 
Cost of borrowing or cost of hedging? 
Raghav Garg: 
Cost of hedging on foreign borrowing, has it gone up for... 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Arulselvan: 
It has gone up in Q1 now, but it was good in Q4. We managed to get good deals in Q4, but we 
will be always selectively watching and doing deals. So, we could strike deals in Q4 at fine rates, 
fully hedged. 
Raghav Garg: 
That is all from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking my questions. Just two questions trying 
to understand first thing from Arul sir. Sir, this year, how are we looking at our cost of 
borrowings getting repriced? With the assumption of maybe one or two more rate cuts in the 
coming quarters, how would you look at cost of borrowings coming down? And to that end, 
given our home loan, LAP and SME book, our floating rate, what proportion of it will be passed 
on eventually? What margin expansion can one build in this fiscal year?  
And the second question is for Ravi sir. Sir, just trying to understand, I mean, very clearly, there 
is a tightness in terms of collections, which is evident also showing up in credit costs. This year, 
all 4 quarters, credit costs in absolute terms, all were in a very tight range. So, when we say next 
year, the credit costs will be lower, what has to change from where we are today, what we saw 
last year? And what has led us to where we are today? So, from here, what has to change for the 
environment to improve and credit costs to come down next year? These are the two things I 
wanted to understand. 
And I will just squeeze in one last question. We have already announced the launch of our gold 
loan business. If you can give some colour around, how are we approaching the gold loan 
businesses, which geographies we will target and the ticket sizes that we will be looking at? And 
eventually in the next 1 or 2 years, what proportion of the loan mix can gold loans become? 
Arul Selvan: 
Okay. Let me address the first question on the cost of borrowings. Around 20% of our 
borrowings are linked directly either to the repo or the treasury bill. So that we are seeing the 
benefit coming through as and when there are reductions. A large part of our borrowings, which 
is around 50% plus is linked to banks. We must wait for those MCLR reductions to come for 
this benefit to pass through. 
However, marginal borrowings, we can negotiate finer rate, both from market as well as from 
the banks, considering the reductions that are coming into play. So, we should see overall for 
the full year around 10 to 15 basis points reduction, net of what we need to pass on to the floating 
rate book for us. So NIM should improve around 10 bps is what I would right now consider. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And regarding the credit cost, as I mentioned earlier also, see, there are 3 areas where the credit 
cost must be improved. One is vehicle finance, second is CSEL and the SME. Now CSEL credit 
cost will come down by running down the Fintech book, where the proportion of the credit cost 
is higher than the traditional book. And that will start happening from the third quarter onwards. 
So first two quarters, we need to bear with the credit cost, whatever they are delivering, and the 
book is also going down.  

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
In fact, in the beginning, the percentage will look higher. And then after that, once the book is 
completely run down, the credit cost which is coming from the partnership book will go down. 
And therefore, the NCL, by the end in CSEL will start showing a reduction. In  SME, it is a term 
loan, which is similar to LAP, where the SARFAESI is there on many cases and is going on and 
the progress is very good and likely to basically get the result again in the second half, and that 
will start reducing as LAP has reduced over the time. In the case of vehicle finance, we are 
depending on monsoon, we are depending on reliable performance and capacity utilization of 
small commercial vehicle, light commercial vehicle. 
We have seen that this has improved from quarter 4 onwards. And quarter 3 also, the NCL did 
not go up. So, if that gets continued and we get a good monsoon this year also, again, we will 
see the NCL of vehicle finance from 1.6% level to go down, which will improve the overall 
NCL of the company. As far as the gold loan is concerned, we have studied not only gold loan, 
consumer durable.  
We have studied our customers, in which 45 lakh customers are taking gold loan from the market 
close to INR1,000 crores per month and almost INR1,000 crores disbursement is happening 
from the consumer durable. So, both the products we have initiated. In the beginning, we will 
be slow and cautious, and we wanted to do it in a much-advanced manner.  
And therefore, we are taking the benefit of the technology available to ensure that the goals are 
secured, and those things are getting developed. At the beginning, we are launching 120 branches 
in South and East. And we are having a plan to pilot it and see that how it is working. And in 
this fiscal year or maybe 1.5 years' time, we will try to achieve INR2,000 crores and see the 
performance of gold loan, how it is working based as against the plan. Once it is doing very well, 
then obviously, we need to reach out to our customers who are actually going there and taking 
the loans. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. This is all from my side. Thank you and wish you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on opex. I mean, in this Q4, if we 
see opex as kind of the growth of opex has materially slowed down. I mean that is a bit typical 
of Q4. So, what were the reasons? And going ahead with some of part of opex seeing increase 
with launch of gold finance and all, how do we see opex to trend over the next year? 
Arul Selvan: 
See, generally, opex increases a bit in Q4. This year, we have kept it under control, primarily 
because we have moved in all the cost relating to the new businesses, which we introduced over 
the last year. Most of it has been completed. As we move into next year, we will see a little bit 
of opex coming because of the Gold Loan. But beyond that, there should not be any further 
increases. Target is to keep it in the 3, 3.1 to asset ratio. We will endeavor to follow that trend. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Thanks. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Toshniwal from Premji Invest. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Yes. Sir, this is on the assignment income. So, we had that last quarter, and we also have it this 
quarter. Just wanted to check that is this now a consistent strategy going forward that we will do 
some assignment because this is something which we have been doing only in last 2 quarters? 
Arul Selvan: 
Yes. We had some opportunities, and there have been some slowdown in the securitization 
market because most of the banks have sort of got saturated with the securitization requirement. 
So, we had kept certain assets available, and we thought we should continue with that program. 
So most probably, we will do one or two more deals. Post that, we will again slowdown be 
depending on market.  
But basically, there should be some income coming through either the securitization or the 
assignment route, some disposal of assets or sale of assets that we will target. So accordingly, 
we will plan as we move forward into the current financial year. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Got it. Sure, sir. And sir, on the Vehicle Finance, I think the guidance you mentioned that we 
would want to increase the disbursement growth to maybe 15% to 20% from the 12% Y-o-Y we 
saw this year. But if you can give some color as to what segments you want to focus this year, 
where do you see the green shoots? And in the context of economic recovery also, are we 
building some of that into our guidance? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So first, just to clarify, 15% disbursement growth, 20% asset growth, which we are targeting this 
year. And this will happen only when the light commercial vehicle and small commercial vehicle 
picks up, and we continue to do what we are doing in terms of used and passenger vehicle and 
other products. The monsoon has been good last year; therefore, tractor and 2-wheeler sales has 
also picked up.  
We have also done the disbursement. But still some scope is there to do more tractor and more 
2-wheeler. So, across all product segment, we are focusing across the country to achieve 15% 
disbursement which will take us to 20% asset growth in terms of vehicle finance. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Sure. Got it. Okay sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
First, just to check on the home loan, we indicated that the growth should improve both in terms 
of disbursements as well as AUM, almost like 15%, 20% disbursement. So, what ideally would 
lead to that kind of an improvement? Maybe this year, the overall disbursements in home loan 
has not been that great. And secondly, on LAP, when we look at it, in fact, it has been growing 
quite well. So, would we see some kind of a normalization coming in LAP or maybe the growth 
traction in LAP should still continue? 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. First of all, what Prashant said that the 15% disbursement growth will take him to 30% asset 
growth, which is at a similar level where we are as of now in the home loan business. In the case 
of Home Loan, when we do 15% disbursement, it comes to 30% asset growth because we have 
grown in the new geography: East, West, and North. And around 60% of disbursement of Home 
Loan is still coming from South, but we are cautiously increasing the disbursement, and this is 
enough for achieving 30% growth. That is also one reason. 
So, we will continue to have this 15% disbursement and 30% asset growth. But after some time, 
we need to do more than 15% to achieve 30% asset growth. By the time, we will learn newer 
market very well, and we will get established there as the Home Loan department has done it in 
South. 
As far as the LAP is concerned, they are now almost expanded across the country. And therefore, 
the disbursement growth and asset growth are almost at same level, almost 30% asset growth 
and 30% disbursement growth. Maybe in the coming year, we are targeting between 25% to 
30% disbursement growth, which will be enough to deliver 30% asset growth. And I have 
mentioned that non-vehicle will try to basically deliver 30%. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. So particularly LAP, you are still saying it might continue with 25% to 30-odd percent. 
There are still like maybe the opportunities available and the levers available to continue at that 
pace. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Correct. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And on new businesses, when do we start seeing the pickup, maybe would it be after the 
first half where we will see maybe the credit cost also normalizing or maybe now that has also 
almost bottomed out in terms of growth and we are getting confident, particularly on the SME 
and the other segments because otherwise, disbursement growth this quarter has not been that 
great in the new businesses? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. See, one, the disbursement growth is not there because we have taken some decision in 
terms of CSEL, where we have come out from the Fintech partnership business. And that gets 
compensated through the consumer durable and our traditional TL, BL business as well as our 
in-house digital lending business. But that is not possible to completely reduce it and compensate 
immediately. So, over the period, which will get compensated. 
In the case of CSEL, our asset growth is slightly lower for this financial year, but we will catch 
up next year. As far as the credit cost is concerned, since the asset rundown in terms of Fintech 
book is very fast, but the net credit cost in absolute value remain as it is. So, first half, this will 
basically remain at the same level. And only in the third quarter or maybe fourth quarter, we will 
see that the NCL will start coming down. 
As far as the SME is concerned, we have again taken one decision that supply chain finance will 
be reduced because the ROA in the supply chain finance is very low. And in that place, we will 
actually do the small term loan and equipment finance. So again, that product, which we are 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
doing it is getting good traction. And this year, we will basically see that the disbursement also 
in the case of SME goes up. 
And because of the term loans are longer tenured book, 30% asset growth is possible, and we 
will try to do that. In the case of the SME, the net credit cost is higher because the cases which 
have gone into Stage 3 are in SARFAESI and likely to get resolved in quarter 3. And therefore, 
we said that in the case of SME also, we are expecting their NCL to go down in this financial 
year. 
Kunal Shah: 
Perfect. That helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, in the new initiative, if you look at three businesses, all three 
have shown deterioration in asset quality, slowdown in growth, some recalibration in terms of 
strategy. So, what has actually gone wrong in terms of strategy in that business? In all three of 
them, we are seeing a bit of similar trends. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No, it is not like that. SBPL has delivered 7.6% ROA in quarter 4. And for the full year also, 
they have delivered 7.6% ROA. And their growth has been good. They are growing at 70% just 
because of the small base. So SBPL is one book which is doing very well. Now coming to the 
SME, as I mentioned, in the SME book, by nature, if the term loan goes into the NPA, it takes 1 
year time to reduce the NCL.  
We have seen that in the case of LAP also in the past that initially it goes up. And then once it 
starts solving the problem, then automatically, the reversal will start happening. So, this SME 
book is also growing at a rate of 33% for the full year and their net credit cost is at 1%, which 
will go down. 
Our targeted ROTA in this business is 2.5%. We have delivered 1.9%. It is just a difference of 
0.5%, 0.6%, which is going to be coming from the NCL, which we are very, very confident 
about delivering it next financial year. Now in the case of CSEL alone, where we have done two 
businesses. One is that in-house DST, DSA, PL, BL business and Fintech business. In the case 
of Fintech business only, we have seen that there is a delinquency high. And that delinquency 
also went up because the FLDG rule has got changed. 
And after that, the amount of FLDG we were getting it earlier, we were not getting it. And 
therefore, we decided not to pursue that business. And that is the reason there is an increase in 
NCL and drop in the business in the case of CSEL. So, I will accept that CSEL, when we started 
doing Fintech business, this FLDG norm of 5% cap was not there. And when it got introduced, 
not only for us, for the entire industry, it has become a problem. And therefore, we have also 
decided to go slow.  

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
And finally, we decided to exit from the Fintech digital business. As against that, we have 
developed our in-house digital lending book, which is doing very well. Their ROA standalone 
is actually more than 6%. So, we will slowly grow that business. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Thanks for the explanation. What share of our CSEL book will be Fintech as of March 
'25? 
Arulselvan: 
Fintech is 1.5% of the overall Chola book.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
Okay sure. And then secondly on the gold business do we have standalone branches specifically 
on gold only or the gold only or the gold will also be offered through the same branches from 
which we have been doing vehicle finance, etcetera? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No, gold loan will be stand-alone branches. We are planning to roll out 120 gold loan branches 
in this quarter. And we have already created infrastructure. It is just a matter of some more time; 
it will get rolled out. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That is, it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just a follow-up on the previous question. You mentioned 
that you will be rolling out a separate branch for gold loan. Can you just explain the rationale 
behind that? Because until now, the other businesses that we have been scaling up, we have tried 
to utilize the existing network and also some of our peers have been using, say, the existing 
branches to do the gold loan business. Just the thought process there? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. In the gold loan, you need to have a separate vault, separate RFID. And we are also basically 
introducing some more control where who is entering inside the branch, who is taking out gold. 
All those things are getting tracked from head office. That is possible only when you have stand-
alone gold loan branch. And gold loan branches also require a specific location to operate from. 
And that is also another requirement. So, these two requirements can be fulfilled only when we 
go for standalone gold loan branches. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, just as a corollary to that, the opex guidance that Arul gave, it kind of breaks in 
all this branch expansion that you will be doing and also some bit of pickup in the disbursement 
that will happen in the overall business because we are saying that in vehicle finance that the 
disbursement will pick up, so will our incentives. So just wanted to get a sense on that? 
Arul Selvan: 
Yes. Broadly, they should. We are still endeavouring to keep it in the 3% to 3.1% as we would 
call it because the count of gold loan branches will not be very high in the first year. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes. So just wanted to get a sense more quantitatively on what could be the disbursement growth 
in SME lending next year because while this quarter was down because we have slowed down 
in supply chain, if I look at the last five, six quarters, it has been flattish. So, I just wanted to get 
a sense on that. 
And then the next question is, what is like the TAM in terms of number of branches you can do 
LAP and home loans from, like we are already at almost 800 branches in LAP and 700-odd in-
home loans. Could that go up further or now growth will be a function of just improving branch 
productivity rather than branch expansion? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes. First of all, this SME, the disbursement will be, again, even for this financial year also, it 
is going to be flat only. We are not going to increase disbursement significantly because we have 
brought two products. One is small term loan and also equipment finance as against the supply 
chain finance. Supply chain finance was a big chunk, which we have cut down.  
So therefore, initially, the disbursement is not going to go up, but we will maintain the asset 
growth, which is at  30% level, which is going to be there because of the disbursement we are 
doing in the case of term loan and which is a long tenured book. And therefore, asset growth is 
not a problem. 
As far as the LAP and HL is concerned, as I mentioned they are already into three zone where 
they are operating only for last 3 years, and their disbursement of three zone put together is lower 
than South Zone because of the productivity and because they have introduced only 3 years 
back. So, they are continuously improving the productivity and operating expenses and likely to 
increase also a little bit. So, both LAP and HL will continue to do that.  
But the number of branches expansion is not very high in the current financial year. Current 
financial year, the productivity focus by LAP and HL is high. And then subsequent year, maybe 
LAP and HL will think about going to another 100 branches. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. That answers my question. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renish from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Just one question from my side on this Tamil Nadu bill, which sort of table over the weekend. 
And given our major exposure would be in high state. So how confident we are about sort of 
sustaining the growth rates or even credit cost? And maybe if you can just tell us about the reality 
at ground post this bill. I know it is too early, but what is your assessment, sir? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So actually, the similar thing is there in Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh. And this is more 
related to private lender and also microfinance. And this was actually going on in many places. 
And you know that we are quite compliant in terms of our collection approach to the market. 
And therefore, we do not see any impact coming on vehicle finance or which is deep-rooted in 
Tamil Nadu as well as the home loans and LAP. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Balraj Menon: 
It is very clearly mentioned, the legislation will not apply to banks, nonbanking finance 
companies. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And it is also not applicable to us, first of all. Registered with RBI, cooperative banks, and 
cooperative societies. 
Renish: 
Yes, correct. But in Karnataka, we have still seen sort of players getting impacted because it 
takes time at borrower level to fully understand the bill, et cetera. I know MFI or maybe a small 
ticket loans will be more vulnerable. But do you think, I mean, in your portfolio, any of the 
product is vulnerable? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No, nothing like that. Actually, we are also approaching the market in terms of collection very 
peacefully. So therefore, across the country, our approach has been very soft. We have been 
following up but not harassing customer. 
Renish: 
Got it. Okay. That is, it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pranuj from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranuj: 
Thank you for taking my question. So just one question on HL, the delinquency rates have risen 
up to 0.6%. So, is there any concern out over here? And second is a clarification, Arul sir, that 
3% to 3.1% opex, that is opex to assets? 
Arul Selvan: 
Yes, it is opex to asset.  
Prashant Kumar: 
So as far as actual delinquencies are concerned, we are maintaining a 0.40% for the year. If you 
compare with the last quarter, this quarter, it was slightly up and last year, there was a release in 
terms of Stage 2 and Stage 3. This year, we are maintaining at 0.40%. And going forward, we 
foresee that it will be at similar levels. Already our Stage 2, Stage 3 are in good shape. And that 
is what we are focusing on the fresh bucket to ensure that the same level of delinquencies 
continues with the increase in the book size. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And also, as I mentioned in the beginning itself, that LAP and HL are basically very tightly 
maintaining their net credit costs. So, if at all the increased 10 basis points, which will only 
impact 0.35% as against the SME and CSEL going to reduce it by 50 basis points, will release 
0.5%. So, we will get netted off. And Vehicle Finance will basically reduce it, which will 
improve the credit cost by 10 basis points. Now HL, as I mentioned, they do not have 
SARFAESI.  
So, their resolution takes time. And they do it mostly through arbitration because small ticket 
size loan, less than INR20 lakhs. Therefore, resolution takes time. So those cases, which has 
gone into the NPA last year, will start getting resolution by the end of the year. 
Pranuj: 
Understood. So, on a full year basis, you still expect to maintain that 0.4% for FY '26? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
0.4% to 0.5%. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Pranuj: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shweta from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Thank you, sir for the opportunity. Sir in the vehicle finance portfolio, have you seen any write-
offs? And if you could provide any color on the sub segments that you might be closely 
monitoring or seeing vulnerability? 
Arul Selvan: 
No, only the normal levels of write-off, which is relating to repossession of vehicles and the sale 
of vehicle that has continued, and there has been no different change in the trend. So, we will 
continue to have this. As you know, there is a little bit of a higher proportion of used vehicles, 
et cetera. To that extent, there would be some skewness. But other than that, there will not be 
any high levels of write-offs in Vehicle Finance. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So, the write-off has not been done. Only the reposition and sale of vehicle only been done. 
Shweta: 
Okay. And sir, how about bounce rates and early on delinquencies for DPD book in the vehicle 
finance, how is that faring? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Non-starter is actually lower than the last year March '24 to March '25. The non-starter has come 
down. The early default also has come down over the December and September quarter, but it 
is still higher than the March '24 numbers. 
Balraj Menon: 
Slightly higher. But non-starter is much lower, lowest in the last 18 months. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So that is the trend that we are improving our portfolio quality, but it requires better monsoon 
even this year also. And then only we can see better NCL in this financial year. 
Shweta: 
Very helpful, sir. Best of luck. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from the line of Mahrukh from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahrukh: 
Hello. Good morning, sir. I have one question only on asset quality. So, you answered -- you 
replied to Shweta partly, but this time, the fourth quarter seasonality was not strong, and you 
had already been guiding to that. So, does that mean that the 1Q weak seasonality will also not 
be as pronounced? Is that a fair takeaway in vehicles, especially? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So, quarter 1 is basically like if you are specific to Vehicle Finance, if you're asking the question 
very specific to vehicle finance.  
Mahrukh: 
Yes.  
Ravindra Kundu: 
Last year, quarter 1 was 1.9 and so we are at actually 1.6. So, from 1.6 actually, in the case of 
vehicle finance, it will not go to that level, so we will definitely see Q1 to Q1 reduction. 
Balraj Menon: 
Q1 to Q1 reduction, yes. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Mahrukh: 
Okay. That was my only question. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Alok from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Alok: 
Yes. Hi, good morning, sir. Sir, did I hear correctly that you said 1.5% of your book is Fintech-
driven partnership AUM? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
2%.  
Arul Selvan: 
1.5% to 2%. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
INR2,000 crores is our Fintech book and INR2 lakh crores is our AUM. So, 1% you can say 
that. 
Alok: 
Okay. So, sir, are we saying that first half of the year, NCLs will still be high in CSEL primarily 
because of this Fintech book. So, on this remaining INR2,000 crores AUM, we are expecting 
another INR500 crores, INR700 crores of credit cost. Is that fair to say that? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. We have never said. We are saying that the CSEL NCL, which is actually where we are as 
of now, will be remaining at the same level in terms of absolute value. So, for example, I will 
tell you the CSEL number. It is actually per quarter, it is INR210 crores to INR230 crores to 
INR240 crores, which is delivering. This number remains as it is in quarter 1 and quarter 2. And 
after that, when the book will get run down, then INR230 crores, INR240 crores of per quarter 
NCL will go down. 
Arul Selvan: 
This INR240 crores is on the 8% CSEL book, not on 1.5% of the Fintech book. 
Alok: 
No, that is fair. Yes. And sir, in this quarter you have done some extra provisioning in CSEL. 
Could you give that number? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
INR35 crores. 
Alok: 
INR35 crores. Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
It is actually INR220 crores, which is actually similar to quarter 3. Quarter 3 was also INR210 
crores. Now it is INR220 crores. And we have created another INR35 crores, INR36 crores, 
which is actually taken up to INR256 crores. This number in absolute value will remain as it is 
for another two quarters. And once the book gets run down, then the corresponding NCL will 
go up and then the percentage will go down. 
Alok: 
Sure. Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Hi, good morning. Just one question on vehicle finance. So, there is a clear pickup in new LCV 
and HCV financing in the past two quarters. So, if you can comment on that. And second, when 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
I look at your growth in car and UV financing also, you are significantly outperforming the 
underlying industry sales. So, what is driving this? Have we tied up with more OEMs or 
otherwise for more models? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
See, Chola growth of light commercial vehicle has been 4% as against the industry growth of 
3%. It is there in Page #37. And in the case of small commercial vehicle, the growth is basically 
slightly lower than the industry. Industry degrew by 9%, we degrew by 6%. We are slightly 
conscious. We are conservative in small commercial vehicle and reduced our market share.  
In the case of light commercial vehicle, we have increased our market share slightly higher than 
the industry. But in terms of heavy commercial vehicle, our growth is better than the industry. 
That is because now the customer, as we maintained in the beginning that initially, the captive 
user and big fleet operator, medium fleet operator will buy and then slowly the retail customer 
will come into the market. 
So now our customer segment has started buying heavy commercial vehicle. And therefore, our 
HCV sales has gone up, and it has increased our market share from 2.9% to 3.5%, so slight 
increase. In terms of growth, in terms of unit, it is looking higher. It is there in Page number 38 
industry degrew by 3%. We grew by 21%.  
Balraj Menon: 
 
And in passenger vehicle, we have grown in terms of market share. Our reach of 
having larger number of branches in Tier 3, Tier 4 cities are helping us. And in fact, our market 
share in Maruti has gone up substantially. So, in passenger vehicle, we have been able to grab 
our market share, increase our market share, especially in the Maruti segment. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. That is, it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Good morning Kundu sir. Two or three questions. The first part is on the number of people we 
deploy in collections across businesses and if we can split that into soft bucket and hard bucket. 
That is first. Second is that I saw a notes to account with this Chola Home Finance. So just for 
clarity, we are running the home loan business in that subsidiary. And third is that the LAP is 
growing at a strong level of 25%, 30%, and that is the guidance as well. Do we foresee seasoning 
and in that seasoning, we will also see higher credit cost? These are the three questions? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So, in the case of headcount, we have 30,700 people in sales and 22,000 people in collection and 
almost 10,000 people in credit ops and 1,600 people are our business enabler sitting at head 
office. In the case of loan against property, I think Suresh, you want to say that what is your 
plan? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. So, if you look at LAP, we have improved our number of branches to 800 branches, and 
we have significantly invested on the people side as well. And that is what has resulted us in the 
growth for the last few years where we are consistently growing our disbursement as well as 
book.  

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
And we still feel there is a lot of market opportunity, but the key focus for the current year is our 
improvement in the efficiency of the existing manpower. And we are pretty confident, and we 
are convinced that with the market opportunity available, we can continue to grow at this level 
of 25% to 30% of disbursement growth, resulting in about 35% of book growth. 
And we definitely see the opportunity in India for the SME segment, especially for the LAP 
segment. And with all the manpower and the branch structure in place, we are confident that we 
will continue like this. As far as Chola Home Finance is concerned, we do not have anything in 
that. 
Arul Selvan: 
Yes. Actually, the Chola Home Finance, we created thinking that we can move and create a 
home finance company. The arbitrage between home finance company and NBFC has narrowed 
down significantly. So, we have already decided not to pursue this and keep the Home Loans in 
the main company itself. And we have renamed the company as Chola Leasing Company so that 
they will start looking at leasing operations with the various products we have. But that is in a 
very nascent stage right now. So, we will look at it as we move into the next financial year or 
thereafter. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sir, my first question remains un-answered. How many people in collections, business-wise sir? 
Arul Selvan: 
Business-wise collection, we will not be able to share. We have given you the overall numbers 
at the business level. Business-wise manpower collection of these is not publicly available 
information and we keep it within the company. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sure, sir. I will come back in the queue. Thanks sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval from DSP Mutual Funds. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval: 
Yes, thanks for the follow up. Just a quick one on the profitability. So overall, what we are saying 
is for FY '26, we are expecting margin improvement, opex improvement and credit cost 
improvement, which should mean that, that 3.5% PBT ROTA that we were guiding to should be 
a target for us?  
And if yes, then is that a sustainable level from there on or we further invest back in the business 
and therefore, we'll see some bit of volatility in coming years on the PBT ROTA like just 
directionally, with this change in the business model, diversification, et cetera, is the 3.5% now 
a sustainable number or not? That is what I wanted to get through? 
Arul Selvan: 
We will be working towards a 3.4% conservatively to look at in the coming year and then move 
on to 3.5% because we still have gold loan-related opex coming up in the current year. And we 
will have to also look at how all of these will pan out. So, I do not want to count the chickens 
right now. Let us wait for it to move on. 
Let us cross the first half, and then we will know because that is a crucial part when reality of 
the monsoon becomes more certain. So, we will do it as we move on. Right now, conservatively, 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
we will improve from the current level. But certainly, there will be improvement. But whether 
we will reach all the 3.5% or somewhere midpoint is what we need to see as we move into the 
current year. 
Dhaval: 
Got it. And just a clarification, in terms of new businesses, apart from gold loan and consumer 
durable lending, what are the sizable opportunities do you think we can tap in the next few years? 
I think directionally, would the consumer side of the business be a big focus. I am just trying to 
understand where the investments would be incrementally in the coming years. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
We will continue to focus on this existing and new business or whatever we have rolled out for 
near term. I mean, 3 to 4 years, we do not see we can go beyond gold loan and consumer durable 
because SBPL, CSEL itself is even SME also. There are five new businesses we have rolled out 
during this post-COVID. So, all five need to be groomed and we must make it as big as vehicle 
finance LAP and HL in time to come. So, we will focus on this only. 
Dhaval: 
Got it, sir. Thank you and wish you all the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question for today from the line of 
Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you, sir for giving me the opportunity. Sir, my question is why have we moderated our 
growth in the supply chain financing? Is there anything that the regulator has indicated or 
anything of that side? 
Arul Selvan: 
No. It is not actually by the regulator. It is primarily a low ROTA product. And here, what we 
see is there is much faster churn. So many times, it is less than a month that the asset stays on 
the book. So, you have large disbursements, but it really does not count to your AUM and real 
income that comes into. So opex becomes burden. So, at a very low yield, it becomes not our 
targeted level of ROTA expectation. And that is the reason. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. Most of my other questions have been answered. Thank you and good luck for the 
next quarter. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Nischint Chawathe for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, Nischint. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. We thank the management for providing us an 
opportunity to host the call. 
Arul Selvan: 
Thank you. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Kotak Securities, which concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
