May 29, 2025 
 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE SCRIP Code: 543425 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: MAPMYINDIA 
 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript for Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to our letter dated May 07, 2025, please find enclosed herewith 
communication relating to Q4 FY2025 Earning Call. The said conference call with 
Institutional Investor / Analyst was held on May 12, 2025 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. The aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
disclosed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
www.mapmyindia.com 
 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Surendra Somani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
SAURABH 
SURENDR
A SOMANI
Digitally signed by 
SAURABH 
SURENDRA 
SOMANI 
Date: 2025.05.29 
11:08:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“C.E. Info Systems Limited 
Q4 & FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH VERMA – CO-FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN 
– C.E. INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHAN VERMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
MAPPLS DT PRIVATE LIMITED AND GTROPY SYSTEMS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – C.E. 
INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAURABH SOMANI – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – C.E. INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. SHOBIT SINGHAL – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND 
STOCK BROKERS 
 
 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to MapmyIndia Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shobit Songhay. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, we welcome you all 
to Q4 FY '25 Conference Call of MapmyIndia. We have with us today Mr. Rakesh Verma, Co-
Founder and Chairman of the company; Mr. Rohan Verma, MD, Mappls DT Private Limited 
and Gtropy Systems Private Limited, which are subsidiaries of the company; Mr. Anuj Jain, our 
CFO; and Mr. Saurabh Somani, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rakesh Verma for his opening remarks. Post that, we will 
open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Good morning, everybody, and thank you, Shobit, for organizing this call. I would like to start 
saying that a strong growth in Q4 FY '25 and a good fiscal year overall. The Board was pleased 
to express our gratitude to all shareholders by declaring a final dividend of INR3.5 per equity 
share of INR2 each at the rate of 175% for the FY '25. 
 
In Q4 FY '25, revenue increased by 34% year-on-year to INR143.5 crores and EBITDA rose by 
47% to INR58 crores, and PAT grew by 28% to INR49 crores. EBITDA margins in Q4 was 
40% for FY '25, revenue rose 22% to INR463 crores. EBITDA rose 15% to INR179 crores and 
PAT rose 10% to INR148 crores. EBITDA margin for the full year FY '25 was 39%. We are 
happy that momentum picked up in Q3 and Q4 FY '25. 
 
Our Map-led business, EBITDA margin remains healthy at 47%, and our IoT-led business 
EBITDA margins expanded from 12% to 14% in FY '25 as product mix improved, and SaaS 
income increased. Our open order book grew to INR1,500 crores at the end of FY '25. Our order 
book achievements give us further confidence that we are on track to our stated milestone of 
crossing INR1,000 crores revenues by FY '28. 
 
During FY25, our Consumer Tech & Enterprise Digital Transformation, C&E, revenue grew by 
30% year-on-year to INR252 crores and Automotive & Mobility Tech business revenue grew 
by 13% to INR210 crores. Our Map-led revenue grew by 29% to INR345 crores and IoT-led 
revenue grew by 5% to INR117 crores. Our new licenses in automotive increased to 3-plus 
million in new vehicles, be it 4-wheelers, 2-wheelers, EVs as against 2.5 million during FY '24. 
Further, the number of new IoT devices installed, rented and sold additionally, during the year 
were 2.1 lakhs as against 2.9 lakhs in FY '24 due to strategic shift in focus towards SaaS revenue 
over hardware sales. 
 
We acquired new B2B and B2B2C customers, including many businesses and enterprises across 
industry verticals. Customer diversification, deconcentration and retention continued to trend 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
healthily. We have also started to build revenue from Southeast Asian market in alignment with 
our JV company, TerraLink Technologies. 
 
We are happy with the results of our prudent marketing efforts, which led to our crossing the 
milestone of 30 million user downloads of the Mappls App and see this as a foundation for future 
potential consumer business. B2C expenses for consumer business were controlled in this 
quarter, while we are, of course -- we, of course, continue to relentlessly innovate and invest in 
enhancing our existing products and technologies, and working on further vision. 
 
With this, I would like to pass on to Rohan Verma, who would give you more insight into the 
government business and the IoT business. 
Rohan Verma: 
Good morning, everybody. This is Rohan here. Thanks, Mr. Verma. So we see large market 
opportunities, both in government as well as in IoT. When it comes to the government, the way 
that MapmyIndia is positioned and for which we are carving out this space for our wholly-
owned subsidiary, which was called Vidteq. 
 
We have renamed it to Mappls DT - DT standing for digital transformation, digital twin and 
defense technologies that we have been doing, where we can work as a large scale provider to 
the government. Remember, we are positioned as a product, platforms, APIs and solutions 
company. And so in that sense, we are able to get high-quality business, which is impactful for 
the government as it goes about nation building. 
 
The other part of the market opportunity that's quite exciting for MapmyIndia is a set of group 
companies in the IoT space, covering both mobility SaaS and logistics SaaS, whether for people 
or goods movement. And so there are large opportunities there, but they have to be addressed in 
a prudent manner. 
 
And for that, I have taken up the MD role in Mappls DT Private Limited, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of MapmyIndia focused on the government business and also have taken up the MD 
role in Gtropy Systems Private Limited. It's a 76% owned subsidiary and is serving currently as 
the delivery arm for our IoT business of the group companies and also is focused on logistics 
SaaS opportunity. 
 
Thank you very much, and we'd be happy to take questions, I guess. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the of Mr. Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Congrats, sir, on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is, how much of your order book 
now constitutes of government orders? Because if I see your technical and outsourcing cost has 
almost tripled in FY '25 from '24. So if government orders are increasing in our overall order 
book, will these costs will remain elevated going forward as well? So in that sense, what is your 
margin guidance for FY '26 and '27? 
Rohan Verma: 
Shobit, this is Rohan. Since this is government business, I'll take up your question, I'll answer it. 
In the last year, government business as a whole from a revenue point of view was in the range 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
of 20% of the overall business. From an order book point of view also, I would say, from a new 
orders point of view also, it was in that similar margin percentage basis. 
 
Like I said, the government business market opportunity is fairly large. We are very differently 
positioned than other players in the government space, while other players are primarily services 
businesses and are, I would say, relatively in a weaker financial position from a type of business 
they are getting and how they're executing, we have products, platforms, APIs and solutions. 
 
And one example is that we are not just talking about digital twin as a service, but digital 
transformation as an overall platform for all industries or all the segments of government, center, 
state and local to use us for a very wide way of use cases based on MapmyIndia's products and 
solutions. 
 
And on the other end, Defense Technologies, obviously, that's a big theme in the last few weeks 
that has come about. MapmyIndia has been working very closely with different arms of the 
government, which are defense and emergency response, or law enforcement related, covering 
the domains of AI or signals or emergency response based on a wide variety of solutions. And I 
think this bodes well for the opportunity, but -- and also we'll be prudent in how we take that 
opportunity forward. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Okay. And sir, second question is, we are now halfway mark currently to a guidance of achieving 
INR1,000 crores of revenue by FY '28, so which means that we need to do around 30% growth 
in next 3 years. So what makes us confidence of achieving that target, given that our A&M 
revenue, which contributes around 45% now, that growth has actually slowed down since last 3 
years from 40% in FY '22 to 22% in FY '24 and now 13.5% in FY '25? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, when you're talking about 30% growth average CAGR, what confidence we have, this is 
not just for automotive, it is all inclusive. So that's point number one. The second is the 
automotive business from the international operations is going to kick off. The JV has been 
formed, certain revenues have started coming. And I think it's a matter of 1-2 years where you 
will see a good automotive revenue from the international market also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is just around the mix of growth we've had this year. So we've done close to 
22% Y-o-Y growth for the full year. And it appears that initially, I think at the start of the year, 
we would have thought IoT would have driven most of the growth. But I think with the shift in 
focus on some of the SaaS revenue, it looks like it's the Map-led business, which has driven most 
of the growth. So I think at the start of the year, we would have thought that EBITDA margin 
might be trending more moderate over the next 3 years heading into FY '28 because of IoT being 
the primary growth driver. 
 
So just going forward between now and 2028, do we expect IoT to remain the mainstay of 
growth? Or is the shift in strategy now a little more focus on Map-led higher-margin growth? 
And just in that context, if you could comment a little bit on your 35% to 40% EBITDA margin 
range, how we should think about that as the new strategy sort of takes shape? 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Rakesh Verma: 
Let me say a few words on the Map-led, and then I'll ask Rohan to talk on what he's thinking 
about the IoT-led growth. The Map-led growth of whatever we have achieved so far, 30% in 
C&E and 13% in A&M has been responsible to create a growth of overall 22% because IoT fell 
towards only 5%. 
 
Agreed. But going forward, A&M and the part of C&E which is the private sector is expected 
to keep growing along with the international automotive business. So we do see good growth in 
this area, too, which has a higher EBITDA margin. The IoT and the government pieces, Rohan 
can explain a bit what is his strategy, short term/midterm. 
Rohan Verma: 
Sure. On the government, I've kind of talked about it before. So I mean, we are going after that 
in a prudent way. So we do expect significant growth from government side as well, but we have 
to balance it out with impact on financials potentially. 
 
IoT, actually, the opportunity is quite large. We are very happy with how the MapmyIndia core 
businesses of automotive, corporate and government have been driving good growth in the IoT 
area as well, meaning that they are selling IoT well, and that momentum will continue with a lot 
of IoT-led opportunities coming from these 3 areas. 
 
There's a particular reason why I've gotten into the subsidiary to look after the operation, the 
business, et cetera, because we feel there are opportunities to improve. So that's a good thing. I 
mean, overall, if you look at IoT-led margins actually improved in the year, but definitely growth 
was impacted. 
 
The good thing is the SaaS revenue keeps going up. So that's the culmination of both work done 
before and also in year by all the teams to kind of keep growing the SaaS revenue. At the same 
time, to get growth, you have to do both new hardware sales, which will result in future SaaS 
revenue, but also SaaS revenue because that's where the margin is. 
 
So it's a relatively delicate balance. Again, we have to look at fixed cost, we have to look at 
variable cost as well as we have to look at growth. So I would say in the short term, I'm looking 
into how to make sure that the IoT business, specifically the part that the subsidiary is playing, 
is put on a right path. So based on the right foundation, growing it is strongly additive. But in 
the long term, our thesis on IoT stays very positive. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. And just as a follow-up to that, if you're able to share in this current 
environment where we are focused on growing SaaS, is there sort of a rough estimate of what 
SaaS revenue is as a percentage of our total company revenue? And how that has been trending 
over the past couple of years as this strategy has been taking shape? 
Rohan Verma: 
This IoT-led, we do break out SaaS and hardware, Chandu. So what it is, is in FY '25, IoT-led 
SaaS was out of INR117 crores of IoT-led revenue, INR64 as from SaaS.  
Rakesh Verma: 
Almost 50%. 
Rohan Verma: 
es, maybe slightly more than 50% or in that 50% range, which was less than 40% the year before. 
Out of INR112, it was INR45 crores. So there is clearly a shift in the SaaS revenue in the last 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
year. And so the SaaS kind of is an outcome of previous hardware sales, but also a lot of the 
business that we're doing now is SaaS-led in the sense where we rent out the devices along with 
the SaaS. So that's why we talk about selling or renting out new IoT devices. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just around the Indonesia business. I think you did 
indicate that it started contributing some revenue this quarter. And I think on the presentation, 
there was maybe an INR28 million loss at the net income line from that particular entity. So just 
wanted to understand over the next few quarters, when you expect the losses from this entity to 
get plugged in your initial comments over the next couple of years, you see meaningful 
contribution potential from this entity? 
Rohan Verma: 
So I think the international JV is actually going quite well. It's actually a business development 
phase right now. We think that towards the end of FY '26, this share of loss should start going 
down. That's what our assessment is. Right now, we saw INR2.8 crores impact on our PAT due 
to the share of loss. But as their revenues start coming in on their somewhat fixed cost base by 
FY '26, and we think that they should start being a turnaround. 
 
And in the long term, in the 5-year journey, it's going to be quite an incredible opportunity. 
Southeast Asia, for all intents and purposes, is a mirror of India in many ways, different, of 
course, in many ways, and that's why we've taken this JV with Hyundai AutoEver approach. But 
the market opportunity in Southeast Asia - we see an equivalent opportunity to India. And I think 
we are one of the strongest players jointly as PT TerraLink Technologies to take up that market 
opportunity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is on the order book. We have seen 
significant improvement in fixed price order. I'm assuming some of it is because of the higher 
government order share. How do we infer this? Does it mean that it's more lumpy now? Or does 
it also mean that it could be more predictable given it is not linked to volumes? So that's my first 
question. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Yes, your last part, you are correct. Fixed price gives you more predictability, no doubt about it. 
And the other part, you thought that it was government-linked, not necessary. Even in the private 
sector, automotive and corporate definitely, the fixed prices help us a lot in planning our 
business, which are mostly related to the licensing of Map data. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. Okay. So there's no lumpiness in order book to revenue... 
Rakesh Verma: 
Lumpiness will be there quarter-on-quarter. I mean, see, to make it simple, maybe in Q1, one 
customer's lumpiness will happen; in Q2, another customer's lumpiness will happen; in Q3, 
another customer's; Q4, another customer's. That kind of a customer-by-customer lumpiness will 
happen. But if you are thinking about overall revenue for the company, what we are noticing is 
somehow they are getting streamlined. Whatever you've said about the government lumpiness, 
completing the milestone is there. 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Rohan Verma: 
I'll just add that it's always best to look at MapmyIndia's year-on-year, year-to-date, quarter-on-
quarter based movements can be misleading , but anyhow, we are just repeating that from our 
side. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes. Now I understood. Second question is on the IoT. In 3Q, we had said that the decline was 
because of certain projects getting delayed and they'll probably come back in FY '26. So any 
update on that project? Do we have any visibility of when that can start and, therefore, help our 
IoT revenue overall this year? 
Rohan Verma: 
In IoT also, there are lots of different opportunities that exist in our funnel, especially when we 
look at the automotive, corporate, government, any of them driving the IoT business. So in that 
sense, the funnel opportunities exist. I don't want to comment on specific projects because you 
don't know whether and when it may come back. At that stage, we may have foreseen that it was 
almost there, I would say.  Obviously, later we must have said that it didn't fructify at that 
moment for whatever reason. Both that opportunity and other opportunities exist. That's what I 
was talking about that we want to have an IoT business that is robust, that is kind of multi-ferrous 
with a large funnel from various enterprise customers across both the private and public sector 
that we're spanning the corporate world, government world, even automotive world. And I think 
we're on the right path, but there are obviously a few things that we have to do, and that's the 
role I'm playing in the subsidiary. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. One last question on defense. Rohan, you touched upon what we are doing. But given the 
modern warfare, drones, GPS becoming even more important. I just wanted to understand how 
we are looking at? Do we already have a play, especially in drones, if we can give some updates 
on where we are? And are we engaged with some of the government agencies in catering to 
some of those opportunities that might come up? 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes. I'll say the following. If you look at MapmyIndia's suite of products and solutions, whether 
it's maps, whether it's navigation, whether it's tracking, whether it's workforce or field force or 
workflow, automation, whether it's analytics, whether it's GIS or geospatial or digital twin 
solutions, it's our capability not just to do this for India, but internationally, I think when you 
look at the sum total of it. 
 
And we look back in the last few years as to our defense customers and use cases that we have 
already generated revenue for. That means that we have deployed those solutions for the active 
use of the armed forces. We are quite proud of our solutions and quite grateful that Indian 
Defense has chosen to work with us for various things. 
 
I would say drones, as you said, is definitely important, but it's not the only place. I mean 
MapmyIndia can be used to equip feet on street, to equip vehicles, to equip command and control 
centers or war gaming or planning and its use actually is across the land, air and sea. We have 
disclosed in this quarterly highlights something around nautical also that we have done. And 
previously, we must have disclosed something that we have done for the Army. 
 
So the opportunities are tremendous and already deployments have happened and we continue 
to stay engaged for new ways that the government can leverage this completely indigenous, AI 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
first, navigation first, digital twin first, and digital transformation first setter solutions. So yes, 
one of the three pillars of Mappls DT is defense technologies. I mean we've called it out because 
we really believe that we can be leveraged well there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Anmol Garg: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Firstly, I wanted to understand that as our government 
business grows, it will also impact our receivable days, which has already increased by some bit 
to around 94 days. So where would this end up from the DSO cycle? And how do you think that 
we are going to manage the same? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Anmol, we have given some explanation in our presentation if you read it. In the last quarter, if 
we had a 34% growth by itself, that's definitely impacted the year-end because you are talking 
about that for the year. And overall, we must say we accepted that the government business does 
require a little larger receivable return, although we don't have any bad debt. That is very 
important. But MapmyIndia is not short of cash, and we are not borrowing money to finance our 
working capital. So this is part of the business that we'll have to live with if we want to get into 
the government business also. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Sir, just a clarification that we have written that our average duration is now 3 to 4 
years from our order book, which I think was higher earlier at 4 to 5 years. Is it right to assume 
that our higher focus on government has particularly reduced our durations? Are the durations 
lower in these kind of projects? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Okay. Any statement that we write is at a point of time. So the point of time today is, let's say, 
April or May 2025. So we analyze the open order book and felt that 3 to 4 years will get this 
INR1,500 crores converted into revenue. So there's no magic number 3 to 5. Next year, based 
on the order book, it might be 3 years only or it might be 5 years. So that is why we are giving 
you a current scenario. It's not a fixed thing. I hope that clarifies. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And lastly, how are we thinking about advertisement spends for next year? 
Currently, it's only around 3% of revenues, I think. So do we plan to increase it to 5% to 6% 
levels? And would this have any impact on the overall margins per se? And also jointly, if you 
can indicate that should we assume margins for next year in a similar trajectory as this year? 
Rakesh Verma: 
See, we have been always keeping in mind that we would like to get an EBITDA margin of 35% 
to 40% range. And we are seeing that, that's what we are delivering also. So there is no change 
in that strategy, okay? That's the best answer. Now coming to your question of advertising 
expense, we do it for what adds value to the company for primarily a B2B or a B2B2C company. 
So we do it for that. And as I've said in my opening statement that we have controlled the B2C 
advertisement, but it doesn't mean that we are not promoting Mappls App. Mappls App is a 
cornerstone for showing what our capabilities are and what our map data is like. It's not just how 
many users are using. It's also a capability statement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gautam Rathi from CWC. 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Gautam Rathi: 
Great set of results. Just 2 things. One, can you help us understand what portion of the current 
year's revenue was from the order book, which was existing as of end of FY '24? Because in the 
annual report, we say about 15% of the revenue of that order book would be converted in the 
current year, right? What would be the actual? 
Rohan Verma: 
Gautam, we actually don't have it offhand. So maybe you can put a question later to our CFO. 
Gautam Rathi: 
Sure. Sure. But would it be in the range of that 15% or like... 
Anuj Jain: 
To be honest, I don't want to make any assumptions offhand. 
Rohan Verma: 
We've talked about the open order book in a couple of ways. One is kind of new orders and then 
billing in the year and, hence, how we reached the end of the open order book. And we've talked 
about kind of fixed pricing and volume projections. And obviously, the volume FY '24 had this 
extremely large single order. We're happy with the new order bookings also. They bode quite 
well for future revenue. 
Gautam Rathi: 
Got it. Got it. Just the other thing. So when you say 3 to 4 years, I'm not holding to that number. 
But is it fair to expect that INR1,500 crores over the, say, next 4 to 5 years or whatever, it would 
be more equal? Or is it like it can be also back-ended in the later part of, say, FY '28, '29? 
Rakesh Verma: 
I don't know if I understood your question right. If you take INR1,500 crores, whether you divide 
it by 3 or you divide it by 4, you get a number. And we have a certain growth plan for every 
year, which we have discussed. So naturally, the new orders will get consumed during the same 
year is a balance amount. 
Gautam Rathi: 
Sir, I understand that. I was just trying to understand the INR1,500 crores number, is it fine to 
expect that the 1/4 of that INR1,500 crores will be every year and then the incremental whatever 
you get on top of it? Or is it that maybe FY '26 might be lower than that 1/4 number and then 
you build on over the next 3 years? How should we think about the trajectory? 
Rakesh Verma: 
If we are doing our job right and we achieve our goals, then obviously, the number will increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa. 
Amit Agicha: 
How do you plan to deploy your INR660 crores cash reserve, like any M&A or global 
expansions in the future? 
Rakesh Verma: 
I think I did mention and I also said it in the Zee business interview in the morning. We do have 
clarity that around INR80 crores we'll be deploying to grow our government business and IoT 
business. So that's the first thing. Beyond that, as we have been saying always in the past that 
we want to keep the cash so that as and when any opportunity comes, like the joint venture with 
Hyundai AutoEver came. 
 
And we could immediately deploy $4 million or whatever, INR35 crores, into that joint venture. 
So we are deploying. If you just add up these 3 itself, it will show you that we have deployed 
and we are planning to deploy in the near future. And all are related to growing the business. 
And in terms of technology growth, new technologies and even the working capital itself. 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jasdeep from Clockvine Capital. 
Jasdeep: 
Sir, how has the government business grown in terms of sales from '24 to '25? 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes, it's quite robust growth. I mean, overall, I would say it's grown in that 40% to 50% change. 
So in that sense, we are fairly happy with how that has grown. 
Jasdeep: 
Got it, sir. And sir, most of this government business would be reflected in the Map-led segment, 
right, not the IoT-led segment? 
Rohan Verma: 
For both. In government also, we have disclosed in the past, in many of the quarterly highlights 
when you see, you would have seen IoT for state road transport corporations or for even 
emergency response, so various things. So in government also, we gave our whole suite of 
solutions, the same way in automotive and corporate that we do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Sir, just had a follow-up question on, I think, some of the disclosures on Slide 8 of the quarterly 
presentation. So you did mention that you have signed a few deals in social media, in e-
commerce, quick commerce, merchant discovery and so on. So just wanted to understand, is this 
a new set of wins from a diversification standpoint for the company? And if there's any color 
you're able to share in terms of your open order book of INR1,500 crores, some of these newer 
ventures that you've been working on in diversifying the business, what would be the rough 
proportion of those in terms of efforts you've taken over the past couple of years? 
Rohan Verma: 
Chandru, these are basically good customer wins that we've had for obviously new use cases and 
new requirements and some from new customers and some from existing customers. So 
diversification in the sense that, that is our core business. The upsell and the cross-sell has 
happened. Yes, if you look at the number of new customers and also the kind of growth in the 
existing customers, this upsell, cross-sell engine is working. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And I think the other follow-up was just, I think, one of the earlier 
discussion points. So you did mention that you do disclose the IoT SaaS revenue, which I think 
is the numbers that you quoted from the presentation. But is there some color on emerging SaaS 
opportunity within Map-led? 
 
Because as I understand, I think some of the newer maps that are going into some of your 
automotive customers also have capability for recurring revenue if end customers choose to 
renew some of those packs. So I just want to understand if there is some SaaS component in the 
Map-led business as well now and if there's some quantification you can help with? 
Rakesh Verma: 
In the automotive, we have the solution under the banner of NCASE – navigation, connected 
ADAS, shared and electric. One of the focus that has started very seriously is on the HD map, 
which is a high-definition map, which is required for ADAS now. Now remember, we are in a 
much better situation to offer that solution because we have a really strong SD map also, the 
standard map also. So when people talk about HD map in isolation without having SD map, I 
don't know what they are talking about. 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
So we are definitely working on a lot of those technologies. And so our SD map will be going 
as part of supporting the SD map to the automotive company. So these are some of the new 
things which we are working on. As a matter of fact, we have some wins also. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And just if you could give us some sense of the split between 2-
wheelers and 4-wheelers in your automotive business? And also, if you could give us maybe the 
latest sort of rough color on what the average pricing would be per 2-wheeler customer and per 
4-wheeler customer? Just in terms of ratios, is that something that you're share as well? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Off the rough, if I have to give you some answer, what I can safely say that in the 2-wheeler, we 
definitely have almost all 2-wheeler companies who matter, the top 10 companies, we are there. 
So that's one part of it. Now if you're asking about what is the price in the 2-wheeler versus 4-
wheeler versus a commercial truck, the prices are a function of 2 things. One is a function of 
what the market can bear. If you have a INR2 lakhs, INR3 lakhs, INR4 lakhs worth of a 2-
wheeler, certainly, the price would be different. 
 
The second factor we consider also is what all it includes in the solution that we offer. What we 
include maybe in a 4-wheeler, it is not the same thing as in 2-wheeler. Accordingly, for every 
case to case, the prices are different. I mean I'm talking about even internally, we have to 
examine each customer carefully of what their expectations are or what the price they can bear, 
we accordingly provide them the solution. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. And just the 3 million new vehicles this fiscal year, which is the automotive business 
where you've sold licenses. If you could give us some split of that volume between 4-wheeler, 
2-wheelers and CVs? And also, if you could give us some split between sort of ICE and EV, if 
that's possible? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Maybe some other time, I'll collate that, and we can have a discussion on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman from Stallion Asset. 
Aman: 
Yes. So sir, I wanted to understand on our Automotive & Mobility Tech solutions business side. 
We see that there is a lot of competition has came up on this segment. Ola Maps have came up 
with their product and Genesys have completed their development on the product side, in the 
automotive side. So sir, what gives us confidence to stay ahead of the curve in terms of product 
development and in terms of right to win? 
Rakesh Verma: 
You are talking about automotive, right? 
Aman: 
Yes. 
Rakesh Verma: 
I think what you are saying you might be listening to those noises. Entry into the automotive 
sector is not that simple, number one. Number two, the entry what we are also hearing the noise 
is HD map, SD map. And as I said clearly, just an HD map is not an answer for any automotive 
company needs. So the noise will be there. We are watching that, and we are pretty comfortable 
that it's not going to impact us. 

 
 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Aman: 
Understood, sir. Just wanted to understand that only that because of new players are coming into 
this segment, so the per vehicle charge on the subscription basis, which you do might not start a 
price war among these kind of players. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Okay, you are right. The price war happens when in a B2B business, the supply chain people try 
to create a war so that they can get a lower price. Now that's a challenge always there in a B2B 
business. So we stick by what we think is right. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, we are really thankful to all the shareholders, the fund managers, the analysts for 
encouraging MapmyIndia to reach to this level, and we hope your support and trust in us 
continues. And we would just like to inform all of you that on 30th of May in Jio Convention 
Center from 2:00 p.m., we are going to conduct an Investor Analyst Meet, and we encourage all 
of you to attend where you'll get the 3 things. 
 
One, what we have achieved since IPO and what we talked about, where we want to reach 
INR1,000 crores. So that's one where - what we have reached or what we have achieved. The 
second part is the remaining half of the revenue, which is another INR500 crores, how we plan 
to get that in the next 3 years. And finally, the third part would be our big vision of going beyond 
all these and talking about how MapmyIndia is shaping up for the next 5-10 years. That's the 
purpose of that Investor Analyst Meet. Thank you so much.  
Rohan Verma: 
Thank you very much, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
