 
 
 
 
 
 
HEG/SECTT/2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              30th May, 2025  
 
BSE  Limited  
25th Floor, P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q4 FY25 of HEG Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled on 26th May, 2025 intimated vide our letter 
dated 20th May, 2025. Please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call.  
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website of the Company i.e 
www.hegltd.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
 
 
 
(Vivek Chaudhary) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
Vivek 
Chaudhary
Digitally signed by 
Vivek Chaudhary 
Date: 2025.05.30 
12:49:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“HEG Limited Q4 FY'25 and Full Year FY'25 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA - CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CEO, HEG LIMITED 
MR. RIJU JHUNJHUNWALA - VICE CHAIRMAN, HEG 
LIMITED 
MR. MANISH GULATI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HEG 
LIMITED 
MR. OM PRAKASH AJMERA - GROUP CFO, HEG 
LIMITED 
MR. RAVI TRIPATHI – CFO, HEG LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR KHAITAN - MD AND CEO OF TACC 
LIMITED, HEG LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGRAWAL – SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the HEG Limited Q4 FY'25 and full year FY'25 
results conference call organized by SKP Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and you will be able to ask 
questions after the management's opening remarks. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal, Head Institutional Equities at SKP 
Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am pleased to welcome you on behalf of HEG Limited 
and SKP Securities to this Financial Results Conference Call with the Leadership Team at HEG 
Limited. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala – Chairman, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala – Vice Chairman, along with their colleagues Mr. Manish Gulati – Executive 
Director, Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO; Mr. Ravi Tripathi – CFO; and Mr. Ankur 
Khaitan – MD and CEO of TACC Limited, a subsidiary of HEG Limited. 
We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Jhunjhunwala followed by a Q&A session. Thank 
you and over to you, Raviji. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thanks. Friends, good afternoon and welcome to our financial results conference call for the 
fourth quarter and full year '24-'25. As per the World Steel Association, global crude steel 
production in Q1 2025 declined slightly by 0.3% to 468 million tons compared to 470 million 
tons in Q1 of 2024. Similarly, steel production excluding China also came down by 1.5% to 209 
million tons in Q1, indicating continued weakness across major steel producing regions due to 
weak demand and pricing challenges. Chinese production, however, rose by 0.8% to 259 million 
tons, enabling stronger export volumes and impacting global pricing. India was one of the 
exceptions and continued its upward momentum with a 6.8% year-on-year increase in steel 
output to 40 million tons in Q1, driven by infrastructure investments and other demand. 
In contrast, large steel producing countries like US, Germany, Japan, South Korea, Turkey all 
witnessed notable declines ranging between 0.6% in US to as high as 12.6% in Germany 
reflecting regional economic slowdowns leading to weaker demand. Chinese steel exports once 
again surged, intensifying global competition and further pressurizing the international prices. 
Consequently, it also impacted demand of our products, keeping prices under pressure. The 
recent imposition of 10% import duties in the US, if not withdrawn, will have some impact on 
our business. However, given HEG's very well diversified sales, sales footprint across all major 
global markets, the overall impact is expected to be limited. Our EBITDA quarter-on-quarter 
has been going up. It was 16% in Q1, which went up to 21% in Q3. And in last quarter, Q4, it 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
was as high as 27%, with a full year average being 21%. Excluding mark-to-market loss on 
investments in the shares of GrafTech International, operationally last quarter was our best 
quarter. 
HEG continues to be amongst the lowest cost producer of electrodes in the world, more so with 
our last expansion which brought our capacity to 100,000 tons. This should be seen against the 
backdrop where we have recently seen most of our Western competitors not only completely 
shutting down some of their plants, but also downsizing some of their plants in Malaysia, China, 
US, Spain, France, Mexico, and Japan. 
If you look at these closures and reduction of capacities, which have all been announced in the 
last 12 months or so, over the past, we have seen 4 plant closures, 4 full plant closures, and 
additional downsizing of 4 other plants, leading to a combined capacity reduction of 120,000 
tons, which is equivalent to about 16% of global total capacity excluding China and Russia. 
These are very significant and meaningful reductions in recent years in our business, which 
points to tightening of supply and possible implications on future pricing dynamics. This should 
help the industry to regain some pricing power in the medium term. All these reductions have 
happened at a time when we at HEG have increased our capacity from 80,000 tons to 100,000 
tons last year. Even after our expansion, HEG continues to operate at the highest capacity 
utilization in our industry at between 80% and 85% as compared to an average of 50% to 60% 
of our international Western peers. 
Moreover, world's largest graphite electrode Company, Resonac of Japan, with a total capacity 
of approximately 210,000 tons, spread across 6 plants worldwide, US, Spain, Austria, Japan, 
Malaysia, and China, representing about 30% of the world's graphite electrode capacities, 
excluding China and Russia is considering sale of its graphite electrode business by end of this 
year. It has also recently announced closure of 2 of their plants in Malaysia and China, resulting 
in a total reduction of 44,500 tons, which constitutes a 21% cut in their total capacity. Similarly, 
in July 2024, Tokai Carbon of Japan had announced a capacity downsizing their German plant 
from 30,000 tons to 20,000 tons and the closure of a plant in Japan, which was about 14,000 
tons, resulting in a total capacity reduction of 24,000 tons, which is equivalent to about 25% of 
their overall capacity. All these are in addition to GrafTech International having closed their US 
plant early this year with a capacity of 24,000 tons in US. All these closures add up to about 
120,000 tons. And with these, the total graphite electrode industry today stands at a total of about 
633,000 tons as against about 752,000 tons about 2 years ago, a reduction of 18%. 
You are aware that given their high cost structure and incurring significant losses, most of our 
international peers had announced their intent to increase electrode prices by about 15% to 20% 
in last 2 quarters. While we do see some price increases being absorbed in the market, we hope 
in the coming quarters the impact of significant closures of above capacities would help the 
industry to get back in a healthy state. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Now let me take you through our investment in equity of GrafTech International US, a 
significant player in the electrode industry. GrafTech is the second largest graphite Company in 
the world with a capacity of about 178,000 tons with 3 plants in Mexico, Spain, and France. In 
addition, they also have a backward integrated needle coke plant, our key raw material located 
in Texas, US, with a capacity of about 140,000 tons, which meets a significant part of the needle 
coke requirement. As part of our treasury operation, we have invested a total of Rs. 282 crores 
to buy Rs. 2.57 crore shares of GrafTech, which is 9.98% of their equity at an average price of 
$1.32 per share. As you are aware, as per accounting standards, we have to record our investment 
at fair value as per the quarter closing price of the share. As such, as on 31st March 2025, the 
share was trading at $0.87 dollars per share, because of which we had to fair value them at a 
closing price and take the hit of MTM, mark-to-market of Rs. 160 crores for the quarter 4 of 
FY'25 and Rs. 80 crores for the full year of 2024-'25 purely on account of this investment. 
This is evident when you look at our other expenses, which looks abnormally higher in the 
quarter as compared to the last quarter. Excluding this MTM loss on GrafTech investment 
shares, our PBT would have been Rs. 88 crores for Q4 and Rs. 228 crores for the full year 2024-
25, which makes Q4 as the best performing quarter in the previous year. Our capacity utilization 
for the year 2024-25 was close to 80% based on our expanded capacity of 100,000 tons and we 
hope to maintain this in the current year too, if not increase this a little bit. We do remain the 
most cost competitive graphite electrodes Company in the western world, supported by low fixed 
costs and a large capacity of 100,000 tons at single location while the total graphite industry's 
average plant size stands at about 40,000 tons today. 
Despite near-term challenges, we remain optimistic about the mid- to long-term outlook. The 
global shift towards decarbonization is now irreversible. And we continue to closely monitor 
new greenfield electric arc furnace projects, which are expected to drive future demand of 
graphite electrodes. We believe over the last 18 months or so, approximately 11 million tons of 
new greenfield electric arc furnace capacities have already been commissioned and in the next 
18 months, this figure is likely to be in the region of another 25 to 30 million tons. So which will 
make it close to 35, 40 million tons in the next 18 months, 35 to 40 million tons of new electric 
arc furnace capacities. 
Above capacity reductions across the graphite electrode industry coupled with higher electrode 
demand are likely to help stabilize the demand supply dynamics, easing margin pressures, and 
paving the way for a more balanced market environment in the coming years. We hope these 
reductions in electrode capacities will help in selling prices firming up soon as the current prices 
are unsustainable for the industry, which is reflecting in most of the Western world's actions in 
the recent past as described above. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Now a word about demerger of HEG. Our scheme has been filed with stock exchanges and all 
other relevant authorities, after which it will go to NCLT. We expect to get all the required 
approvals by end of calendar year 2025. 
With this, friends, I would now request our CFO – Ravi Tripathi to take you through the 
financials of the Company for the last quarter as well as for the year 2024-25. And then we will 
be very happy to address all your questions and queries. Thank you. 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, friends. I will now briefly take you through the Company's 
operating and financial performance for the year ended 31st March 2025. 
For the year ended 31st March 2025, HEG recorded revenue from operation of Rs. 2,153 crores 
as against Rs. 2,395 crores in the previous financial year. The revenue for the quarter of FY2025 
was Rs. 537 crores as against Rs. 547 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
During the year ended 31st March 2025, the Company delivered EBITDA of Rs. 388 crores as 
against Rs. 526 crores in the previous Financial Year. The Company on a standalone basis 
recorded a net profit after tax of Rs. 101 crores in FY'25 as against Rs. 232 crores in the previous 
Financial Year. And on a consolidated basis, the net profit after tax is Rs. 115 crores in FY'25 
as against Rs. 312 crores in FY'24. 
The Company is long-term debt-free and had a treasury size of approximately Rs. 875 crores as 
on 31st March 2025. The board of directors have recommended a 90% of final dividend that is 
through Rs. 1.80 per equity share of the face value of Rs. 2 each for the Financial Year 2025 
subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing AGM. To take up more questions from 
the participants, the detailed presentation has been uploaded on the Company's website and on 
the stock exchange. 
We would now like to address any questions or queries you have in your mind. Thank you. Over 
to Navinji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take first 
question from the line of Suraj Khaitan from SKP Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
My first question is regarding the graphite anode plant. What is the date on the commissioning 
timeline of the graphite anode plant? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So Ankur would you like to take that question? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
Sir that will be in April 2027. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
And sir what is the CAPEX that we have incurred so far and what is the expected remaining 
spend? 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Ankur Khaitan: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question again? 
Suraj Khaitan: 
So what is the CAPEX that we have incurred so far and what is the expected remaining spend? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
So we have right now we have all the land and the permissions related to the site. We have 
started our groundwork and we have also finalized our machinery. So in next one quarter, we 
will be finalizing all the, we will be placing all the orders of the main machinery and our site 
work is already started. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
Can you please quantify the CAPEX that we have incurred so far still now? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
So in terms of implementation, a little bit more than Rs. 100 crores we have already spent and 
we have started committing against the main machinery. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
What is the expected CAPEX that we can incur on this plant in this FY'26? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
The total CAPEX is around Rs. 1850 crores and we would be spending a large amount of that. 
We would be committing almost 100% within this Financial Year. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
How do we plan to structure the capital for this project like it will be all through internal accruals 
or debt? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
It will be a mix of debt and equity. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
And sir, any recent development around the US tariffs that is going on that...? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
Yes, definitely. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You're talking about US tariffs or something else? 
Suraj Khaitan: 
Yes, sir, US tariffs. 
Ankur Khaitan: 
So right now, in case of anode, the biggest change which has happened is that almost all the 
customers outside China have started opting for China Plus One because of the uncertainty in 
US and various other geographies. So that is giving us a very clear advantage of the product 
being manufactured in India. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
The graphite electrode that on the Forex side, what is the current hedging policy that we are 
opting right now and how are we managing currency volatility, especially given our export 
exposure? 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, our exports are much larger than our imports. I mean, our main raw material, needle 
coke, is also imported. So on an overall basis, our exports proceeds are larger than what our 
dollar spends are. So we do take a view from time to time and either we book a little bit in 
advance, or we just leave it open based on the market speculation, if you want to call it. And so 
this is what it is. It's partly covered, partly not covered. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
Okay sir, thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Shlok Bhartiya from Svan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
So in your initial remark you indicated that near about 120,000 tons of the supply out of the 
market. So right now, the current capacity is around 630,000 tons. So just wanted to understand 
in terms of the demand perspective, what was the total demand in Financial Year '25 and with 
the new 11 MT that will commission in 18 months and another 25 million ton likely to come in 
18 months, what could be the incremental demand on electrode do we see in next 18 to 24 
months? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, on an average, any electric arc furnace steel producer uses about 1.5 to 2 kilos of 
electrode per ton of steel. So if we are talking about 25, 30 million tons of new capacities, partly 
which have already been commissioned, and the other part which is likely to be commissioned 
in the next 6 to 8 months, you would more or less multiply that by 1.5 to 2 kilos and that is the 
additional demand for electrode that gets created. But to answer your second part of the question, 
as we spoke, in addition to whatever has been commissioned in the last 12 months and whatever 
is likely to be commissioned in the next 12 months, we believe that in addition to that, there is 
about 50 million tons more which is at different stages of commissioning. I mean, at some places, 
the equipment has been ordered. At some places, the construction has started. So from all the 
various data that we collect from different sources, the total new electric arc furnace capacities 
including the last 12 months actual commissions of about 10, 12 million tons, it's more than 100 
million tons. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
And sir, in FY'25, what was the actual demand of electrodes globally? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I mean, it's very difficult to answer that very specific question. All I can tell you is that, as I said, 
you look at the electric arc furnace production of steel, and you more or less multiply it by 1.5 
to 2 kilos. And electric arc furnace steel capacity, I mean production, I mean it changes from 
month to month. So without China, Manish what would you say, what is the general production 
has been last year or let's say this year minus China? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes sir. Sir I would like to put this in a way that if we look at the capacity utilizations of all the 
producers, Western producers, HEG, Graphite India. So if let's say GrafTech was working at 58 
or something, I don't remember the figure accurately. So that was the figure and we let's say take 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
65% for Japanese, this Resonac and others put together, industry put together. If we put a figure 
of let's say around 65% multiplied by 6.5 -- 650,000 ton of capacity. So this is where we are. So 
these are, it depends on the utilization of the electric arc furnace industry, which we can say for 
the markets which they cater to, if the electric arc furnace steel is running at an average capacity 
utilization of let's say 75%. We can look at the individual companies, GrafTech’s, Resonac’s, 
our’s, Tokai’s Graphite India's capacity utilization. So I think we will come in demand of around 
between 450,000 to 500,000 tons for these 6 six companies combined. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
Sir, thanks for that answer. Just wanted to understand, definitely globally given China One Plus 
coming back but in terms of the electrodes, can you help us in understanding suppose all this 
capacity 120,000 tons is going up the system. What role does China play in terms of the overall 
export of electrodes and in terms of the impact on the overall pricing? Because in first quarter 
also, we have seen some increase in the pricing now after this closure of Japan’s Resonac there 
was some increase, but the benefit of the same is yet to get reflected on our numbers. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See the impact of China, if you see, number on the question that you just asked, but just to tell 
you generally China still does not have the technology and we do compete with China, but very 
small segment in the market which is the lower part of the segment of the let us say 500-1000 
tons of electrode demand or whatever Manish was spoke about. So the impact on people like us 
or Graphite India or the Japanese or Americans is minimal because of Chinese production of 
electrode and exports. But again, I'm very clearly saying that China produces very large amount 
of electrodes, but they are not yet there in the real sense what you call the high-grade electrodes 
or the ultra-high-power electrodes where we are only competing with the two Japanese 
companies and GrafTech in America. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
So overall, it seems that because of this closure and no competition from China, there could be 
a decision enough of the price appreciation for the graphite electrodes for the forthcoming years. 
And that's an augur as well for us, GrafTech, and the other manufacturers. Is it time to assume 
that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Can you repeat the question? Your voice is not very clear. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
Just wanted to understand now since you said that the Chinese is not a big player in the 
technology, so the closure of the current unit and the price hike that has happened in the June to 
March quarter. So I do assume that the coming quarters of FY'26, we should have a decent price 
increase for the graphite electrodes and that should be sustainable for the full year? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I hope so. I mean, these closures have just been announced. I mean, it takes some time to even 
close the plant. But there have been very significant announcements in the last 2, 3 quarters, as 
I just explained who has announced what kind of capacity reductions. So it's a very sizable 
number. And as I said, we continue to operate. We were, let's say, operating at about 75%, 80% 
about 2 years ago of 80,000 tons and we are still operating at 80% with a new capacity of 100,000 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
tons. So obviously our production has gone up and we have taken somebody's market share and 
as I said we are probably the lowest cost producer in the world and again to repeat what we've 
been saying for a very long time, exports constitutes about two thirds of our sales. So we are 
fairly well-entrenched in the export market and we are exporting to more than 25-30 countries 
from smallest ones to the biggest ones. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
Last question from my side. I mean, last 4 quarters definitely we have seen a sequential 
improvement in operating leverage and which has driven the overall margin for us. So is it fair 
to assume the last quarter margin of 21% is a sustainable numbers to work with or probably there 
could be some pressure on that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, it will all depend on the pricing. I mean what can I tell you? I mean, I can't pinpoint the 
number of 20%, 22%. We will keep on reporting to you whatever happened in the last quarter. 
But from all indications and from all the happenings in this industry for the last 2, 3 quarters, 
where substantial closures have been announced, these, obviously, these will take a couple of 
quarters, at least 1 or 2 more quarters to be closed down. So while the capacities of electrodes 
are getting closed in high cost economies of the world and the new electric arc furnaces coming 
up in the world which will need more and more electrodes. So directionally what you are saying 
is absolutely right. I mean it's a matter of time that we will see, we will start seeing some impact 
on the pricing. 
Shlok Bhartiya: 
That's all from my side. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take next question from the line of Kaushal Patel, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Kaushal Patel: 
Hi, thanks for that. Just to piggyback on the last question, that's an additional 100,000 - 120,000 
of new graphite electrode capacity, sorry, EAF, steel products and capacity coming online. Do 
you expect the China electrode would be a major competitor in that new capacity or is it all like 
large mills and requires ultra high power and it should not be a major part of competition from 
China? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, most of these new capacities of electric arc furnaces which are coming up, these 100 million 
tons that we are talking about, these are all in the western economies. So obviously they are 
putting up large furnaces which will require big size electrodes which we call ultra high power 
and that's where the competition from China is minimal. These are all large furnaces which are 
now coming up. I mean nobody is going to put 100,000 or 200,000 tons electric arc furnaces in 
today's world. 
Kaushal Patel: 
Also, there was a report last December coming out of South Korea saying POSCO, the major 
steel producer there, is trying to phase out their graphite electrode imports, which South Korea 
doesn't produce currently. And say their sister Company is trying to produce the graphite 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
electrode themselves. Do you have any thoughts on that? Do you see any other player coming 
up in South Korea that produces graphite electrode? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Manish, would you take this question? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, what you're mentioning, this Korea thing, POSCO, we have also heard this, but nothing 
beyond that, nothing concrete we have come across. We did hear that they are considering 
putting up a plant somewhere here, there. So beyond that, nothing came over. This news is, I 
think, about 3 to 4 months old. So maybe, but we will check up. But so far, there is nothing 
concrete on that. But we did hear it. 
Kaushal Patel: 
Thank you. Also, to come to your new anode production facility, can you explain us with new 
policy like China Plus One, where US might be looking to import their material from other 
countries other than China, what is the current situation? What are the other major countries that 
is providing to this anode materials for the EV batteries. And where do you see yourself? 
Because it seems like because of the China competition, other countries are also struggling right 
now where they sell their material below their cost. So where do you see this going like if this 
anti-China policy from up in US? And where do you see India playing role in that? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
Hi, Ankur this side. So yes, right now the major part of the anode is happening in China. China 
is in fact supplying more than 90% of the synthetic anodes. And there is a very big difference 
between production in the Western countries versus India. As we speak about the electrode 
business, the same is applicable about the anode as well because while manufacturing in India, 
we have a very significant advantage to have a control over our fixed cost, which is one of the 
most important factors for the long run. Second part is that when with expertise of HEG over the 
last 50 years, our team plus our technological aspects are very well settled in terms of the 
finalization of the product, the making, the graphitization and several other processes. That is 
why for a newcomer in especially in the Western world, there is a lot of work which has to be 
done in terms of research and development, which HEG has already been doing over the last 
many years. So we definitely enjoy at least a very big advantage of the R&D as well as of our 
expertise over the years. And while we are coming up with our commercial plant today, the fact 
of the matter is that we have been working on the project in terms of the research, in terms of 
the demo plan, since a much longer time. So when we discuss today with the OEMs across 
Europe and US, there is a clear distinctive advantage to have a facility in India and supplying to 
the Western world versus compared with actually having facility in the Western world or in fact 
competing with China. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
And also if I can just tell you quickly about the domestic market, I think by the year 2030 you 
will see a demand of between 100,000 tons to 140,000 tons based on the cell battery that will be 
produced in India. So we are looking at not only the global market but actually the India market 
itself would be mature enough to consume 120,000 tons of graphite anode powder. So our first 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
stage, of course, we are starting with 20,000, but we hope that in the same location we will be 
able to least double that capacity in the next 4 to 5 years. 
Kaushal Patel: 
And what is the current supply dynamics in India? 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
Currently, they are importing from China. There is hardly any cell manufacturing in India but 
couple of companies who have started cell manufacturing like Ola, Exide and all, they are 
sourcing their anode from China which is not a problem right now because obviously, but one 
day the Indian companies start producing the same anode powder, then they would rather buy 
here for localization promotion and they will be getting more and more benefits if they buy out 
of the Indian factories rather than import from China. 
Kaushal Patel: 
And what is the main raw material that is used in this plants to produce the EV battery anode 
factories? Like is it same as the graphite electrode like the petroleum needle coke or like is it 
something else? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
It is very similar to the petroleum needle coke, but the only major difference is that we don't use 
calcined materials, so it is normally green coke and the two major raw materials are the needle 
coke as well as power. So again like electrodes, anode is also a very highly power intensive 
manufacturing process. 
Kaushal Patel: 
And who are the major supplier for those currently? 
Ankur Khaitan: 
So we have very good tie-ups with the Western players, including P66. And we have, again, 
relationship with HEG has. So we have good material which they are also providing. And then 
we do have material in Japan as well available. So these are some of the sources because again, 
even in the raw material, there is a difference of the customers who are non-Chinese raw 
material. And for our kind of capacity, we don't see a challenge of this quantity from the Western 
and the Japanese producers. 
Kaushal Patel: 
Okay, and my last question to Ravi sir. You have said this many times in the past, conference 
call saying current qualified prices are unsustainable. And we have seen that over the years, like 
closing down substantial capacity of about like 18%, 16% of the ex-China of qualified products. 
If this continues for a little while, where do you see ex with HEG and Indian players being the 
low cost players, I would assume that you are very well protected from this. But where do you 
see major cut downs coming from, if you have to take a good guess, like whether China, USA, 
and yes, where do you see that? But the reason I am asking is because you're putting a substantial 
amount of confidence in buying 10%, about 10% of GrafTech and just trying to understand like 
if you see if this continues for a little while, do you see any major write down that Company can 
incur? 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, obviously we increased our capacity about 4 or 5 years ago from 60,000 to 80,000 tons, 
which more or less happened during the COVID years. And as I mentioned in my talk, we were 
operating at about 80% after expansion from 60,000 to 80,000 tons 2 years ago. And currently, 
we are still operating at 80% when we are at 100,000 tons. So our capacity utilization has more 
or less been in that region of 75%, 80%, 85% at 60,000 tons, 80,000 tons, and now 100,000 tons. 
And this indirectly also tells you that we are probably the best cost producer, the lowest cost 
producer. And we have twin advantages. One is the size. If you, after all these new closures that 
we just saw in the last 3, 4 months from the Japanese and Americans, the average size of all 
other plants is like 40,000, 45,000, 50,000 tons at the most. So if you're comparing a capacity of 
40,000 to 50,000 tons in Japan, Germany, France, Spain, US, versus a 100,000 ton plant in India, 
I mean, you have the answer. And as I said, we have been exporting about two thirds, not for the 
last 5, 7 years, but for the last 25, 30 years. So we are fairly well-established in most of the 
geographies of the world. And obviously, unless our quality was as good as anybody else 
provides, we would not be exporting 65%, 70% for 30 years. And we are pinning a lot of hope 
with this new electric arc furnaces. I probably finished my answer. There was some interruption 
in between. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Suraj Khaitan from SKP Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
Thank you for your follow-up question. My question is regarding the US impact on the graphite 
electrode front. What the tariffs that they are imposing? What will be the impact that we can see 
in graphite electrode? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, it is 10%. For the time being, it is 10% not only from India, but from all over the world. So 
we will have to see, wait and see. I mean, the real date is the 9th of July, when this 10%..until 
when it is 10%, we never know whether it will come back to zero or it will remain at 10% or… 
I mean, it's just speculation today. 
Suraj Khaitan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Aryan Sharma from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aryan Sharma: 
So, from what I get, there are multiple capacity closures you just told us. Yes, we have already 
seen some price increases I think. So could you quantify like what we could expect in price 
realizations when it electrodes going forward? Like are there any price increases which we have 
asked for expected near term? And steel price now also better comparatively? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Manish, would you take that? 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, sir. You see, Aryan, the price increases which they have announced, you would have noted 
that they have said for future business booked. So any Company, if we talk about ourselves, so 
we are of course booked for the next 2 months, 3 months. So these things take some time to take 
effect. And of course, these capacity reductions are helpful in a way. And if you look at the 
financials of the peer group, everybody is eager, they are dying to increase prices because only 
then everyone, the industry can sustain itself. Some are in better shape, some are not so better 
shape, but price, everybody needs prices to rise. It may take a while, it may take a quarter for 
you to actually see it happening on the ground. But what the sense we are getting at is that yes, 
some price increase may be on the way, but we have to wait for a while because the orders which 
we have on hand, of course, they have to be executed. So towards, let's say the second half, I 
think, and we hope that prices should increase. Extent will be known, how much, the steel 
production is still down. As Chairman said in his speech, the rest of the world we cater to, it is 
still down. So once the steel production starts to improve, I am sure there will be price increase. 
But please wait for, give us a quarter or two to provide clear direction. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
And in addition to what Manish just explained, I mean, the impact of these very recent closures, 
I mean, these recent closures that we just spoke about, especially the Malaysian plant and the 
German plant and this and that, it takes some time to... It's not like an electric arc furnace 
operation that you switch it off in one day and from tomorrow morning, you don't have any 
capacity. It's a very long drawn process even to shut it down. So the shutting down process of 
all these plants that we just spoke about in the Western world, it takes some little bit of time 
before the whole thing is shut down. And till then, obviously, they would have electrodes at 
different stages. So they will have to finish and produce those electrodes before they completely 
shut down. But as Manish said, it's a matter of maybe a quarter or two before this total capacity 
of I think something in the region of 100,000 - 120,000 tons that we spoke about which 
disappears from the horizon. 
Aryan Sharma: 
Sure, thank you for the elaborate answer. Sir, could you just tell us about what we think about 
the spreads going forward? Like, what are the needle coke price trends that we're seeing right 
now, sir? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, the needle coke prices have been stable. Needle coke prices have been stable in the last 3 
quarters. Now they are also, of course, needle coke prices are tied to the electrode prices. So let's 
say in the next 1 or 2 quarters, we think they should be in the same range because the electrode 
prices are also going to be in the same range. But once needle coke prices start to increase, then 
we will figure out what needle coke people have to say. But so far, they have been stable in the 
last 3 quarters and the same continues for the April to June quarter. And I hope they will keep 
the same for July to September quarter, because whatever price increase happens will actually 
happen beyond that, even if people start booking orders now at increased prices, but they'll take 
effect later. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Aryan Sharma: 
Sure, sure. Previously you mentioned that it takes a lot of time to shut down the plants. 
Obviously, it takes some time. But my question is in regards to how much time it will take to 
restart production from these plants. So like what we see going forward is a lot of EF capacities 
are coming up. Plus the graphite electrode capacities are going down. So there could be 
significant supply and demand gap. So like how much time will it take to correct that gap if it 
happens? 
Manish Gulati: 
The electrode production has to go up. The moment it goes up, see electric arc furnace is very 
quick to respond to market changes because it's a stop and shut operation. The moment demand 
grows up, the electric arc furnace industry is the first to capitalize on that because they increase 
their heats melted per day. And since graphite electrode is a derived demand and every ton of 
steel consumed, takes 1.5 to 2 kg of graphite electrodes. So the demand starts to come rather 
quickly. So how much time is going to take? We just have to watch the steel production in the 
major steel producing countries of the world making it through the electric arc furnace route, 
which means Americas, which means Europe, which means Middle East. So these are the 
countries where the moment steel production starts to go up, the electrode demand will come 
very soon because it's derived from every ton of steel made. Whether it takes one quarter or 
everybody can hazard a guess. 
Aryan Sharma: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for the elaborate answer. One final question is with regard to power 
consumption. So what is the power consumption in units per ton of graphite production and what 
is our average cost per unit? Also, could you just quantify what percentage of captive we do for 
power requirement? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, let's not get into how many kilowatt hours and the pricing. I mean, we don't want to talk 
about it publicly for obvious reasons. But as far as your answer to your second question, more 
captive, we have a 15 megawatt hydro power plant just about 2 hours away from where we 
produce electrodes. So that's a very insignificant consumption of power that we do on our own. 
Majority, a big large chunk  is purchased on the electricity board. 
Aryan Sharma: 
Sure sir, that is it from my side. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Amol Rao from One Up Financial 
Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Amol Rao: 
So just a clarification Mr. Jhunjhunwala. Sir, we are still holding on to the 6-month contracts for 
needle coke and our finished product pricing, right?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, I do not think we ever said that. There is no fixed formula that we hold 6 months that we 
order needle coke 6 months in advance or produce electrodes 6 months in advance. There is no 
basis for that. I mean, we produce 6, 7, 8 different sizes of electrodes, 2, 3 different kinds of 
electrodes, UHP, non-UHP and all that. So there is no fixed formula. I mean, but because of our 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
experience, we know in which category, on which size and which quality of electrodes we 
normally sell. It takes a very long time to produce electrodes. So we have to make some estimates 
based on our past experience. And that's how the production cycle goes. 
Amol Rao: 
Got it. So secondly, just to get into the small part of our utilization, did you mention that we 
operated at 80% of our expanded total capacity of 1,00,000 tons for last year, right? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Correct. Correct. 
Amol Rao: 
Yes, sir. And sir, we expect it to be around the same level this year. So probably next year is an 
inflection point once all.. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
A little higher. 
Amol Rao: 
A little higher. All right. And sir, just to get into the last participant's question. So there is this 
whole thing about sourcing from the renewable sources and all that stuff at concessional rates. 
So any moves by our Company on that to reduce the power costs probably in the future, sourcing 
from renewable sources? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, we are working on that. We see, there are two things which we have. Our power 
consumption is very high considering that we are making 80,000 tons of electrodes. So one is 
that hydro plant, the power of which is sold to the exchange. Then we have some 3 megawatts 
solar plant inside. Another three is being put up. And there is option available from the Madhya 
Pradesh Discom that they are ready to sell us renewable energy, but that it costs higher, more 
than 50 paisa higher. So we have to, in times to come, we will take a call on that, but we remain 
totally conscious of this fact that going forward, we would start to use more and more renewable. 
And as you can see, the solar power prices are coming down day by day, so let's see once they 
once the MP Discom becomes a little more reasonable and provides us renewable power at a bit 
more competitive rate. Certainly, we look at that. 
Amol Rao: 
Okay, so it's a tactical call based on the prices basically. 
Manish Gulati: 
Absolutely. 
Amol Rao: 
So yes, whenever it's in our favor.  
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. Absolutely. 
Amol Rao: 
Thank you so much sir. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Manish Gulati: 
Thank you. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand over the conference to the management 
team, Mr. Jhunjhunwala, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So there is nothing much to talk more than what we already spoke. So based on all these 
descriptions that we gave that the 100,000-120,000 tons capacities have been shut down very 
recently, more and more new electric arc furnaces are coming up, which is a fact of life. I mean, 
we are not speculating there. So the demand for electrodes will keep going up. And since we are 
the only ones who have added more and more capacities and we claim to be the lowest cost 
producer, so we are just waiting for better days to come. It may be a couple of quarters away, it 
may be 4 quarters away, nobody can predict that. But we are pretty bullish about this industry 
in the long term. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
