 
 
SURYODAY SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
Reg. & Corp. off: 1101, Sharda Terraces, Plot. 65, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai: 400614 Tel: 022-40435800 
E Mail: info@suryodaybank.com / Web: www.suryodaybank.com CIN: L65923MH2008PLC261472 / GSTIN NO: 27AAMCS5499J1ZG 
May 14, 2025 
 
Ref.: SSFB/CS/14/2025-26  
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: SURYODAY 
 
 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543279 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Submission of the Transcript of the Conference Call held on May 09, 2025 on the Audited 
Financial Results of Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited (the “Bank”) for the Quarter (Q4) 
and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Ref.: 
Our Letter No. SSFB/CS/06/2025-26 dated May 02, 2025 and Letter No. SSFB/CS/11/2025-26 
dated May 09, 2025, respectively pertaining to intimation of Conference Call and disclosure of 
Audio recording of Conference Call on the Audited Financial Results of the Bank for the 
Quarter (Q4) and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 
 
In continuation to above referenced letters and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with clause 15 of 
Paragraph A in Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), kindly be apprised that the transcript of the aforesaid 
Conference (Earnings) Call held on May 09, 2025, on the Audited Financial Results of the Bank for the 
Quarter (Q4) and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, has been made available on the Bank’s website 
within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations and could be accessed at following 
link and also enclosed herewith as an Annexure to this letter:   
 
https://www.suryodaybank.com/assets/pdf/ssfb-q4-fy25-transcript-of-conference-call.pdf  
 
The above is submitted for your kind information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Krishna Kant Chaturvedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encls.: a/a 
 
KRISHNA 
KANT 
CHATURVEDI
Digitally signed by 
KRISHNA KANT 
CHATURVEDI 
Date: 2025.05.14 
18:12:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
 
“Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 09, 2025 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 09, 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BASKAR BABU RAMACHANDRAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. HEMANT SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
MR. KANISHKA CHAUDHARY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. HIMADRI DAS – INVESTOR RELATIONS, HEAD 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHAILESH KANANI – CENTRUM BROKING LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 09, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Suryoday Small Finance Bank 
Limited discussion on Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Centrum 
Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thank you, Alaric. Hello. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Suryoday Small 
Finance Bank Q4 & FY25 Earnings Call. On behalf of Centrum Broking, I would like 
to thank the management of Suryoday for giving us this opportunity to host this call. 
Today, we have with us the entire top management of Suryoday Small Finance Bank, 
represented by Mr. Baskar Babu Ramachandran, MD and CEO; Mr. Hemant Shah, 
Executive Director; Mr. Kanishka Chaudhary, CFO; and Mr. Himadri Das, Head, IR. 
 
I would now hand over the call to Mr. Baskar Babu for his opening remarks, and then 
we will open the floor for the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Suryoday Small Finance 
Bank Limited's Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your time and 
interest today. I hope you had a chance to review our financial results and investor 
presentation, both of which are available on our website and on the stock exchanges. 
The bank's deposit and advances both crossed INR 10,000 Cr, a significant milestone. 
 
The growth was driven by significant momentum in the mortgages and the wheels 
business on the asset side. And on the deposit side, it was driven by the retail franchisee 
as well as the digital channels. The microfinance sector is no longer about just loan 
growth and asset quality, but also about earnings resilience and cost efficiencies. The 
microfinance sector faced significant challenges, including rising delinquencies and 
liquidity constraints. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
 
Delinquencies in microfinance loans remained high in the March quarter, primarily 
due to over leverage and the implementation of the guardrail is expected to address the 
leverage issue. Despite these challenges, the collection efficiency of MFI is expected 
to return to normalcy and credit costs are expected to stabilize by the third quarter of 
FY26. 
 
Let me now provide an overview of Suryoday's performance for Q4 & FY25. Our gross 
advances stood at INR 10,251 Cr, which is a year-on-year increase of 18.5% compared 
to INR 8,650 Cr. The disbursements were at INR 6,989 Cr, up just 1% from INR 6,919 
Cr. 
 
While the disbursements remain at similar levels as in FY24, the wheels and mortgages 
business grew substantially with disbursements reaching INR 1,904 Cr, an increase of 
33.6% from INR 1,426 Cr. Our deposit base has also expanded and stood at INR 
10,580 Cr, which is a 36% increase from INR 7,777 Cr. The share of retail deposits 
now stands at 81.1% as of March 2025 compared to 78.8% a year earlier. Also, our 
CASA ratio has improved to 20.9%, up from 20.1% year-on-year. 
 
Our current bucket collection efficiency stood at 98.7%. Our gross NPA currently is at 
7.2% and the net NPA is 4.6%. The gross NPA stood at INR 734 Cr and the net NPA 
at INR 457 Cr, against which INR 460 Cr is receivable under CGFMU program. In 
effect, the CGFMU, claimable and the existing provisioning cover almost 100% of the 
GNPA as of March 31, 2025. 
 
Now let's move on to our financial performance. Our total income increased by 12% 
year-on-year, rising from INR 1,182 Cr to INR 1,323 Cr. Our net interest income, NII, 
increased by 15% moving from INR 962 Cr to INR 1,106 Cr. The pre-provisioning 
operating profit decreased by 14.3% from INR 454 Cr to INR 389 Cr on a year-on-
year basis. 
 
Our cost of funds stood at 7.8%, up from 7.3%. Our cost-to-income ratio stand elevated 
currently at 70.6%. The profit after tax decreased by 46.8% year-on-year from INR 
216 Cr to INR 115 Cr. We continue to maintain a healthy capital position with a CRAR 
at 25.8%, with Tier 1 capital at 24.5% and Tier 2 at 1.4%, well above the regulatory 
requirements of 15%. 
 
Our customer base has grown to around 3.4 million as of March 2025 compared to 2.8 
million in March 2024, marking a 21.4% increase. While the banking account has 
liquidity challenges in Q4 FY25, our bank has been able to manage its liquidity 
position well above the regulatory limits and have been able to achieve a credit-to-
deposit ratio of 96.9%. We continue to cover our eligible portfolio under the CGFMU 
scheme to mitigate risk. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
This coverage was initiated in FY23 when the NPA in the microfinance segment was 
at significantly lower levels. This coverage was taken as part of the prudent risk 
management practices to cover the unforeseen scenario of significant credit losses due 
to any external market scenarios. Another initiative which was initiated in FY25 was 
to develop our digital capabilities, which has helped us garner deposits through the 
digital channel. 
 
Currently, the deposit sourced through the digital channel stood at INR 350 Cr with 
over 30,000 granular retail customers and a daily run rate of about INR 3 Cr. The 
digital sourcing channel opens up opportunities and enables us to cater to other 
requirements to our customer sourced through this channel. To sum it up, our bank has 
achieved a milestone of advances as well as deposits, crossing INR 10,000 Cr with 
gross advances of INR 10,251 Cr and deposits at INR 10,580 Cr. 
 
Our non-IF book now constitutes over 50% of our total advances. In respect to the IF 
book, the bank continues to cover the entire regional portfolio under CGFMU scheme. 
The expense scenario in the microfinance sector has had an impact on the bank's 
performance during FY25 with GNPA increasing from 2.8% in March 2024 to 7.2% 
in March 2025. Of the gross NPA of INR 734 Cr, the bank is carrying a provision of 
INR 276.8 Cr, including floating provision. 
 
The unprovided portion of GNPA stands at INR 457 Cr against which the expected 
CGFMU receivable is INR 460 Cr. The retail asset franchise particularly the mortgage 
and wheel business have shown substantial growth in FY25, thereby tilting in favor of 
the non-IF portfolio, the proportion to the total advances now crossing 50%. 
 
On the deposit front, there has been 36% growth in deposits, primarily driven by retail 
franchise with CASA standing at 20.9% on the consistent acquisition of deposits 
through the digital channel. Our bank continues to diversify its portfolio, which is 
visible in the growth in the mortgages and wheels segment. In addition, the bank has 
started to focus on MSME segment and expect reasonable traction in this segment in 
the near future. 
 
Overall, for the bank, FY25 had its share of challenges which is completely mitigated 
though by CGFMU cover and also its share of opportunities which is focused growth 
in the secured assets business and deposit franchise. The various initiatives drawn by 
the bank over the past few years such as investment in credit guarantee cover, 
investment in technology, focused on digital product offerings, both on the deposit side 
as well as advances front and a targeted focus on the MSME business are expected to 
drive the bank into FY26 and forward. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
 
We remain committed to delivering consistent improvement across key business 
parameters with a strong focus on sustainable growth, asset quality and customer 
centric innovation. As we move forward, we have confidence in the ability to create 
long-term value for all stakeholders who are staying true to our mission of financial 
inclusion. Thank you for your continued trust and support. 
 
Now I hand it over to Shailesh for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Saumil Shah: 
I wanted to know more on your outlook for FY26. We are about to receive about INR 
460 Cr of CGFMU claims against our net NPA of INR 457 Cr. So are we going to 
receive this claim in FY26? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So not all of the INR 460 Cr will come in the financial year, about INR 360 Cr is 
expected to come in the current financial year. But what this essentially means is that 
my entire net NPA is covered under the credit guarantee scheme. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So what would be your outlook for FY26 for the AUM growth and NPAs? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So far as our overall book growth is concerned, we will continue to work with the 
guidance of 30% to 35%, something that we have been targeting for the last couple of 
years. Equally, on the deposit side, we expect to grow faster. This is the first quarter 
when we have been able to achieve a CD ratio of less than 100%, and that's something 
that we'll continue to target. 
 
I think the more important part is, one, in secured mix, our asset mix is going to see 
the shift. So secured mix is something that we'll target in the range of 55%. And so far 
as the GNPA and NNPAs are concerned, we will target a GNPA of somewhat less than 
5%, NPA less than 3% and a credit cost of 1%. 
Saumil Shah: 
So the GNPA less than? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
5%. NNPA less than 3% and credit cost of 1%. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And we are targeting a secured book of 55% for FY26? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Correct. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, any guidance on ROA and ROEs? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So for ROA, we will be somewhere between 1.5%, 1.6%, and that translates to an ROE 
of anywhere between 11% to 12%. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, for this CGFMU, so right now your net NPA and receivable are the same. And you 
are saying around INR 280 Cr, you will receive in this financial year and the remaining 
INR 180-odd Cr, you will receive in FY27, right? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And will you write off these NPA post you receive these claims so your net NPA will 
go down to that extent? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes, so the effect of us receiving the claim money will be a reduction in the headline 
GNPA numbers. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And secondly, are you still going to be collecting these return of accounts? Or 
are you not supposed to? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No, no, we are very much supposed to be collecting, expected to underwrite borrowers 
based on the credit guarantee scheme that we have subscribed to. And the credit 
guarantee scheme actually enjoins us to proportionately return any money that is 
collected by us towards principal recovery. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And those written off pool, the collections that will happen from that account, so what 
percentage will come to you? And what percentage will have to be given back to 
CGFMU? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So it is in line with the coverage. So 72.75% is what goes to them and the rest comes 
and is retained by us. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And in financial... 
Baskar Babu: 
Just to clarify, while the entire eligible CGFMU claim based on various cohorts, we 
can make only 1 claim per year. So it depends on what we choose to claim, whether 
it's in Q2 or Q3. We choose to, technically speaking, in Q4, we'll get the entire amount 
which is eligible to be received in the year. But from a timing point of view, we may 
choose to do it in either Q1 and Q2 or Q1 and Q3. 
 
So the amount actually receivable from a cash flow point of view, may be different in 
terms of maybe INR 250 Cr, INR 260 Cr. But the fact is that their entire net NPA as 
of 31st March is covered by the eligible claims as and when we make it. And since we 
have covered the entire eligible portion of CGFMU starting from the year FY23, fairly 
confident that our claim amount will also be the same as the amount received. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And only principal is covered under this system, right, the interest that is not 
covered, right? 
Baskar Babu: 
Correct. 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
That's right. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And earlier, you were paying around 1% for the coverage since we have seen a 
very bad FY25 across the industries, have the premiums gone up for FY26 and EPS 
and what are those? 
Baskar Babu: 
Karthik? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So for the first 3 years, it doesn't go up. The rates are locked in. Based on the portfolio 
performance and the claims that we make, the rates will go up in the next cycle after 
the first 3 years. 
Management: 
But having said that, the only -- currently as per the grid, even assuming the worst case 
scenario of 15%, which is not the case, the premium will go up from 1% to 1.25%. But 
it will be anywhere depending upon the percentage of claims. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And just to get a rough idea against this INR 450-odd Cr that you are going to 
receive, how much of premiums have you paid for this INR 450 Cr? Or the INR 5,000 
Cr eligible book? 
Baskar Babu: 
It's not exactly premium paid. It's a rolling premium. As of March 2025, on the 
portfolio covered, we have paid INR 155 Cr. Another 1% is payable on the entire 
portfolio, which we choose to cover, approximately, say, INR 5,000 Cr. There will be 
another INR 50 Cr payout from a cash flow point of view, which will happen in Q1. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vijay Shah from Shah Family Office. 
Vijay Shah: 
Sir, my first question is, as everyone is taking the CGFMU cover for which I 
understand there is a cooling period. How could you have taken that in FY23 being 
one of the early ones? So did you foresee asset quality would be bad? I'm just trying 
to understand the rationale behind this. 
Baskar Babu: 
Yes. When the CGFMU, we kind of were planning to start taking the cover, the entire 
credit losses projected probably would have been less than 1%, 1.5% and the amount 
that would be on the portfolio also would have been the same, and we'll have to keep 
paying. The reason why we chose to take at that point of time is based on our historical 
cycles, which for every 4 or 5 years for various reasons; one, either it was 
demonetization, it was there after COVID. So post-COVID, the clear learnings that we 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
had was to really kind of de-risk, when the going is good, specifically in terms of the 
inclusive finance portfolio. And when we studied the portfolio the scheme in detail, 
we've figured it that irrespective of the premium that you pay, for instance, as of now, 
we have paid INR 155 Cr and have made a claim received only INR 40 Cr last year 
because of the cooling period, as you rightly mentioned. We chose to look at it purely, 
purely as an insurance scheme where the amount of money claim is not necessarily to 
be the monetization. It kind of protects you in terms of an unforeseen scenario. 
Nowhere in FY23, would you have seen a scenario like this with a GNPA of 10%, 
12%, 15% at the sector level. So it was more in terms of risk management and which 
will not be the first one. We also have kind of known people who are guiding us in 
terms of the scheme and why we took it. We continue to believe that coverage as 
available is good, specifically in terms of unsecured and more so, we address a segment 
which is low-income households and the risk that they are prone to are varied in 
numbers rather than pure only income loss. So that is the reason Mr. Shah. 
Vijay Shah: 
Understood, sir. And sir, I understand that the total NNPA for IF is INR 441 Cr and 
we expect around INR 460 Cr. So sir, does it mean that we have zero NNPA or 100% 
PCR? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So considering the credit guarantee cover that we have in place, we effectively 
have a 100% coverage of the NPAs. 
Vijay Shah: 
Understood, sir. And sir, my last question, so I wanted to clarify whether you will 
provide for any uncovered part in the next year, which will not see a P&L hit. So like 
is that right? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No. So as per our accounting policies now for the MFI book, the portion which is 
uncovered, we provide 100% upon it becoming NNPA. So for INR 100 loan, 72.75% 
is covered, 27.25% is not covered. So we provide 100% of that 27.25%. 
Vijay Shah: 
Understood. 
Himadri Das: 
For this uncovered NNPA of INR 441 Cr as of March, there is no P&L hit next year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sindhu Jha from Shakti Investment. Sindhu, 
are you there? Since there's no response from the participant, we'll move on to the next 
participant. The next participant is Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, a few data keeping questions. First. Can you share what was the credit cost and the 
ROA for your MFI business in FY25? 
 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
 
Kanishka Chaudhary:  If you look at the credit cost, it will be around 7.5% to 8%. And that would effectively 
mean that we have an ROA of somewhere around -- just give me 1 minute, please. 
Himadri Das: 
So basically, around INR 389 Cr, we have delivered before and we have a net credit 
cost of around INR 170-odd Cr. So which means on a balance sheet basis, it will be 
1.8%, 1.9%. But if you are talking about 7-8% on MFI portfolio before CGFMU cover, 
so which means 25% is our cost, which is 2% to 2.5%.     
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. So only 25% of that INR 170 Cr would be a loss for you? 
Himadri Das: 
No. That 25% what I'm talking about is the entire IF credit cost for us. So if there is a 
GNPA of INR 700-odd Cr, our credit cost would be around INR 140-odd Cr. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. So this INR 170 Cr is net of the CGFMU recovery which we expect. 
Himadri Das: 
Absolutely, yes. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Is that fair? 
Himadri Das: 
Yes. On a balance sheet basis, it is 1.7%, 1.8%. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
1.7%, 1.8% credit cost you're saying? 
Himadri Das: 
On a balance sheet basis, yes. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. Understood. Secondly, can you just tell us the MFI slippages in each of the 4 
quarters of FY25, please? 
Baskar Babu: 
We specifically go to Q3 and Q4, which was kind of a little more pronounced. It was 
around INR 240 Cr approx and around INR 300 Cr in last quarter of the portfolio of 
around INR 5,000 Cr. 
Himadri Das: 
So broadly, INR 750 Cr for a year. So last 2 quarters, INR 270 Cr and INR 304 Cr. 
Yes. INR 570 Cr. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood. Okay. And lastly, can you talk about the CGFMU scheme? What makes 
you confident that the payout will happen? Because if you look at the balance sheet of 
NCGTC, the cash lying there seems to be fairly low. 
Baskar Babu: 
To our understanding, it is pretty high. It's around well-funded, around INR 12,000 Cr 
to INR 15,000 Cr. So Karthik may have more details about that. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Management: 
So a couple of things here. If you look at the total premium that they have collected 
over the years to the total claim payments that they have made till date, it's still positive. 
So one is that. Second, obviously, the initial capital, which had been put in is itself 
completely intact, which is sponsored by the Government of India, Ministry of 
Finance. And there is a commitment from the Ministry of Finance, especially given 
the fact that there is a clear focus on the growth for the MSME segment. Purely basis 
numbers, as we speak, as I said, the premium collected till date is much higher than 
the claim payments -- payouts made till date. 
Baskar Babu: 
And that said, we are not going to be commenting on the government's commitment to 
fund the Mudra units, micro units as well as in terms of the CGTMSE, we believe that 
while it is reasonably funded from this point of view, broadly, to our understanding is 
that including CGTMSE we look at it, premium to claims, 1:2 is broadly what they are 
comfortable with. We have paid as of now INR 155 Cr. We'll make a payment of 
another INR 50 Cr. That's closer to INR 200 Cr. And if you look at the claims, it's just 
a little above 2x. And this is a continuing premium which we pay. It's not a onetime 
premium paid. So on the entire book of INR 5,000 Cr, which we cover now will be 
around closer to 1% in this quarter. 
 
And subsequently, all the disbursements is again paid at 1 -- 0.75%, 0.5%, and 0.25% 
depending on the quarter of disbursement. So we are not really looking at it. We are 
rather looking at it considerably as the INR 155 Cr is already kind of a provision made. 
And even if we had kind of just put the basic rate of interest, around closer to INR 175 
Cr to INR 180 Cr is a premium paid. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood. Sir, and I hope I can squeeze in a couple more questions, if you allow. If 
you can speak about the situation on the ground in Tamil Nadu, you have about 20% 
of your microfinance book over there. So how are the trends holding up in the last few 
days? That is one. And you have spoken in your presentation, you have guided for 
about 30%, 35% credit growth. Can you speak about the regulatory comfort around 
that kind of growth level? 
Baskar Babu: 
One, the growth is going to be predominantly driven by like last year, if you look at it, 
both in our mortgages and CV portfolio, the growth was approximately INR 1,000 Cr, 
INR 500 Cr each in each of the portfolio. So even if we do not increase the 
disbursement run rate, what we had in Q4, not even the March run rate at the average 
of the Q4, we are likely to kind of have an increase in the secured portfolio, which is 
both mortgages as well as in CV of approximately close to INR 1,500 Cr. So on INR 
10,000 Cr, around 15% to 20% is going to come on the overall asset on the advances 
from these 2 products. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
 
What we are really projecting from our microfinance inclusive finance portfolio is just 
about a 10% growth, predominantly driven by 10 lakh preapproved customers that we 
have, which fit in well into guardrails 2. Of course, there are a little bit of slippages 
happens post funding -- but on our own analysis, more than the people borrow based 
on their capability, more than the amount, the number of lenders go beyond a point, 
which is 4 or 5, there is clearly a correlation in terms of higher stress. 
 
That is on account of probably an ability to service multi-lenders, ability to service a 
few lenders for even higher loans, which are longer tenure is much better. And those 
people generally who take higher loans do have a very visible and solid cash flow-
driven business. So we have -- however, that said, we are not really kind of using any 
of that data. We will stay comfortable under -- we implemented the guardrail 2 in 
November -- starting from November and December 100%. We'll continue to do it till 
we see complete stability. 
 
We had introduced bank branches driven MSME product, which is phygital, digital in 
terms of decisioning, meeting the person and doing a CPV in terms of disbursements, 
a small portfolio at this point of time, but this seems to be a good one in terms of 
acquiring granular CASA in and around the catchment areas of the banks rather than 
only kind of focusing on the liabilities. This is liabilities through assets. As of now, it's 
holding good. The small portfolio run rate of around INR 10 Cr. We are not really 
accelerating there, but it will be an organic acceleration and targeting around close to 
30% to 40%. Between these, we are likely to have around INR 2,000 Cr, which is 20%. 
And our inclusive finance portfolio from existing preapproved, we will be focusing on 
acquiring new customers at least for the next couple of quarters, certainly for the next 
2 quarters. So that's the plan in terms of a 25% visibility. And then other products like 
FIG and supply chain financing at around INR 250 Cr book and supply chain financing 
mostly for A and above customers through the platform. We'll continue to do that rather 
than taking any risk in the supply chain financing at least for this year. So that's a broad 
plan for 30%. And what has to be kept in mind is 30% is on the base of a very small 
advances book of around INR 10,000 Cr. So we do believe that the regulator will be 
reasonably comfortable. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood. And on the other question on Tamil Nadu, please? 
Baskar Babu: 
So as of now, we are not seeing any massive disruptions. 
Sasidhar Vavilala: 
We are so far well in control. We had 99.1 percentage current bucket collection 
efficiency. So we don't see -- so far, no clear visible signals. So far, so good. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking 
Limited. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, just wanted to understand a few things. So we had done a loan sale to ARC, and it 
was a secured portfolio, predominantly your HL and LAP portfolio. But it resulted in 
significant loss. So what factors contributed to the steep haircut in this transaction? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So Shailesh, if you look at the ARC book that got sold, we had a principal outstanding 
of around INR 80 Cr and net of NPA provisions, it was around INR 50-odd Cr. So 
essentially, on that INR 50 Cr, we got around INR 31-odd Cr -- INR 30-odd Cr as 
purchase consideration, and that was largely split into 75% valuation for mortgage and 
25% valuation for CV. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So just to elaborate further on this, I was under the impression that the secured book 
would get a better realization. So net book value was INR 52 Cr. 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So that was after provisions, right? Still it was INR 80 Cr in general outstanding, right? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Correct. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So still -- isn't the realization is on the lower side? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. I mean having regard to the kind of assets that we had and it's more affordable on 
the mortgage side and CV is largely refinanced vehicles. So -- and most large -- and 
almost predominantly, it was the old book more than 3 years old. So that's the kind of 
-- that determine the kind of pricing that we have received. 
Baskar Babu: 
Shailesh, earlier, we kind of did mortgages in the INR 10 lakhs to INR 15 lakhs, and 
they are not the micro mortgages. Even regular mortgages, between INR 10 lakh to 
INR 15 lakhs in states like Madhya Pradesh, not agri, but rural belt. So it is a segment 
which we defocused and completely kind of exited. So that small residual book, which 
we had, we thought it is better to kind of take it off through ARC and continue to have 
all the book unmanaged and which is on the current book, we kind of target less than 
1% GNPA for the year in mortgages and probably much lower in the CV book. There's 
more like one time clean-up. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
One more thing I've noticed in the FIG book vis-a-vis last quarter, we have seen some 
slippage over there, a small amount of around INR 11.7 Cr. Anything to read on that? 
What is that? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So we had one loan to Aviom Financials. That particular name has currently got 
into NCLT and the CIRP process. However, as things stand today, so we have provided 
100% as a matter of caution and conservatism. But given how the thing is progressing, 
we expect substantial realization and a provision write-back in due course. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So our FIG book continues to be growing, right? Even in this year, FIG book has grown 
to a decent size. So if you can give some color on that? How is the quality over there? 
And any other accounts where we are seeing some early signs of stress? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No. So typically, we tend to do door-to-door tenors of 1 year with 1 month resets, fairly 
conservative in the kind of name selection. And overall, on a portfolio basis, as a 
policy, we try to see our FIG book is somewhere in the range of 10% to 12%. So given 
all of those factors, we do not expect accidents like these to happen. 
 
I mean, we haven't ever had a credit cost in our FIG business all this while. So this is 
a rare one-off case. We are fairly conservative in name selection and most of these 
people have contiguous businesses some where we can look at as well. So that ensures 
that we are fairly conservative in our selection. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Just last question from my side. So we have seen as a year, a decent healthy 
deposit growth. However, when I see quarter-on-quarter as well, there has been a sharp 
jump in borrowings, right? So what is driving this? I think we had some funds which 
were supposed to be kind of replenished. Is that the same? And what is the cost of 
borrowing now for those funds? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So what we have essentially done is that the SLTRO money, which came to us for 4 
years at 4% that has gone out. It was around INR 750 Cr. What has also happened is 
that short-term money in the form of IBPC, which typically used to come to us at 6 
quarters, 6 half or a 6-month tenure that has also run off given the stress in the MFI 
book. So what we have essentially done is replenished all of that with funding lines 
from NABARD. We have basically got 3 and 5 year money floating rate at 8.5% from 
NABARD. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. And just last question. On the SME book, in terms of QoQ performance, it still 
remains -- PAR 30 book remains kind of sticky, right? Any color on that? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Which book did you refer to, Shailesh? 
Shailesh Kanani: 
IF. 
Baskar Babu: 
Shailesh, as of now, while March looked good across at 99% plus collection efficiency 
on current, April has not been maintaining the same momentum. And it is not any 
particular state which showed up. Across the board, there has been almost a 50 basis 
to 100 basis points reduction. Based on March, had we really projected, the book would 
have been much less stickier in terms of 1 to 30 bucket, but that did flow in the month 
of April. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
 
And hopefully, that is purely a one-off month and this month is not showing any of 
those signs. But only if it stabilizes at 99% and above, preferably in the 99.5% range, 
then you are likely to see a healthy book across other higher buckets. As long as it 
doesn't happen, then the stress continues to be there. The focus is we now kind of 
created a separate collection team for 1 to 30, call them recovery officers, but multi 
initiatives when you try the fact remains that the customer or the person who is 
sourcing and who is servicing them for long, even in the 1 to 30 bucket, that seems to 
be far more effective. And it's better also to kind of let them off in terms of chasing the 
GNPA customer, and that has to be a special force.  
 
The question to ask is that where should the overlap be between handing over GNPA 
customer and at the time, well before that for at least 1 through 45 days during the 
transition and hopefully continuing in the various buckets. As of now, yes, things are 
from the 1 to 30 bucket is a little larger than our comfort zone, and we'll kind of have 
to wait and watch in this quarter. But hopefully, with the guardrails coming up, while 
there could be some indirect stress which will be created by the adjustment of our cash 
flows, which the customers are used to. But from a medium-term to long-term 
discipline, this will be very, very useful because guardrails 2 also states that companies 
cannot -- MFI loans cannot be given to people with more than INR 5,000 in default in 
the 60-plus bucket. So that also will hopefully bring in discipline because otherwise, 
irrespective of the default to other institutions, if a particular institution is comfortable 
in terms of repayment, they were kind of going ahead and funding and hence, the 
customer were in a position to choose to not to pay 1 or 2 and to pay only 1 or 2 
institutions. Hopefully, this will bring in that discipline as well. 
Himadri Das: 
Just to add, Shailesh, if you see the PAR increase is 6%, which is nothing but your 
GNPA. If you only talk about less than 90%, it is more or less same. So whatever 
GNPA is in this quarter that is 6%, that has increased from December. If you see 6% 
increase is only because of GNPA, which is an effect of current bucket of last quarter. 
 
Also another thing, we have not written off anything. So PAR is looking high. So once 
we get CGFMU claim and from Q1 onwards, so Q1 would be another effect of Q4, 
which is much better than Q3. So you can see once we do write-off and once we do 
from Q1 and Q2, PAR should come down. So it is not PAR as such. It is only GNPA, 
which is going up. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, what would be our credit cost for the year and for the quarter for the non-MFI 
book? 
Management: 
For FY25, you're talking about or FY26? 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Anant Mundra: 
FY25, what was it for FY25 for the non-MFI book for? 
Management: 
0.3%. 0.2% to 0.3%. 
Anant Mundra: 
And how much was it for this quarter? Because we've done some sale to ARC. So I'm 
guessing it would be slightly elevated this quarter. 
Management: 
So there is no extra provision as such for ARC sale. Whatever we have done till Q3... 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
For the purpose of the ARC sale, we essentially used our floating provision. So we did 
not take any additional provisioning to that extent for that book. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. So we fully consumed the floating provision that we had on the non-MFI book? 
Baskar Babu: 
We have some INR 37-odd Cr still remaining on our books. We consumed about INR 
20-odd Cr for the purpose of this transaction. 
Anant Mundra: 
Got it, sir. And sir, just a follow-up to what you mentioned to the previous participant, 
the collection efficiency in April has seen a slight dip as compared to March. Is that 
correct? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Sasidhar Vavilala: 
Historically, April and May are the low months, both for our collections as well as 
disbursals. So indeed, we are -- it is better than the trend. So typically, there is a 100 
bps drop. We didn't drop 100 bps overall. So indeed, we did better business than March 
and April. So that way, we are bucking the trend. And hopefully, we should hold on to 
it in May. 
Anant Mundra: 
Got it. And sir, so in the guidance that you mentioned, what kind of credit cost are you 
pencilling in for this year? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
So we are considering a 1% credit cost on a net basis for FY26. 
Management: 
However, if you add the CGFMU premium, which is also technically a credit cost that 
you can kind of add another 0.5% on the overall advances. We're likely to kind of make 
CGFMU premium payment of closer to around INR 70 Cr to INR 80 Cr. Even on INR 
10,000 Cr, you can say that's another 80 basis points. So we are talking about in the 
range of 1.75% to 2% as a credit cost. 
Anant Mundra: 
Got it. Got it, sir. But sir, like 1% credit cost is kind of the best that we can expect 
across cycles. Is this like -- I mean, are you assuming this to be this year to completely 
normalize and not have a higher credit cost? 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Baskar Babu: 
Things are evolving. So it will be very kind of difficult or it will not be right to kind of 
call out. The stabilization has to be seen for a 6 months period. So in fact, since April 
was a little worse than May -- sorry, March, kind of come to any conclusion in terms 
of extrapolation, I would think that it will be able to resist that and see a clear trend for 
a couple of months. What is really coming out is that this, if we may call a crisis is 
much sharper and pronounced than we have seen anything in the last 15 years. This 
happened across states, not triggered by any specific external event. And probably the 
go back, I think the fundamentals has been a higher leverage on multi-institutional 
borrowings, not just the amount as a leverage, the number of lenders from whom they 
have taken loan is probably would have cost all of that. 
 
So I would rather think that probably we have to see the trend for 3, 4 months before 
calling out in terms of any projection. But what we have done from our risk 
management is that the focus will be only on preapproved 10 lakh customers, of which 
2.5 lakh customers are existing customers, 7.5 lakh customers are the ones who have 
paid and have exited and have not shown any proclivity in terms of taking loans even 
from the market. 
 
But trying to kind of getting in touch with them and giving them -- closing it out, that 
would be the focus. It is not going to be getting new customers at all, including in 
branches where we opened in the last 1.5 years. We would stay put and rather focus 
only on new-to-bank Vikas loan customers. That is customers with excellent track 
record for at least a minimum period of 2 years with others. So that would be the focus 
to go. But is something which we can call out probably after a couple of months, 
probably by around July, August. 
Himadri Das: 
And just to add, so if you see our Q4 slippage is INR 300 Cr, the number is INR 300 
Cr. Now if I take a base case scenario of next year's total slippage of INR 300 Cr, INR 
400-odd Cr and after CGFMU if I have to make 25% of INR 400 Cr which is INR 100-
odd Cr. INR 100-odd Cr and another INR 10 Cr, INR 20 Cr. INR 110 Cr, INR 120 Cr, 
overall, advance of around INR 10,000 Cr to INR 11,000 Cr is 1% to 1.1%. So that's 
broadly our guidance, 1.1%, but as sir mentioned, this is as of now, what we are 
predicting, we will come back with the Q1 as well as the situation evolves. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gurvinder Juneja from Fortuna PMS. 
Gurvinder Juneja: 
I have 2 questions. One is about your cost-to-income ratio. Clearly, you're spending 
more to build your teams. I want to get some color where you are spending and what 
kind of capability you are building? It is the question on your digital deposits. The run 
rate now is a fairly healthy daily. I want to see if you think this is a sustainable run rate 
going forward? 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Basbar Babu: 
Looks sustainable because it has been kind of growing consistently from around INR 
1 Cr to INR 1.5 Cr to INR 2 Cr to INR 3 Cr. And the kind of profile we are seeing that 
we are not seeing any bulky deposits coming from there. The average size of the 
deposit is just about INR 1 lakh and the credit profile of the customers are coming in 
is far, far superior and different. So it looks like they are digitally savvy, 30 to 40 years 
kind of probably taking across various other SFBs and other institutions which are 
available on the digital platform. It's completely VKYC done. And we see that while 
the rate would have been a driver for many of the SFBs in terms of acquiring digital, 
the convenience is another factor which will start building up. So the premium -- the 
difference in the pricing premium may not be 100 basis points as it is now at this point 
of time. But the overall cost of mobilizing of that, including everything paid is around 
approximately 60 basis points. 
Sasidhar Vavilala: 
Give you a consumer insight, the customers test the product with a small value and 
they foreclose the term deposit and basis the convenience, they will end up putting a 
higher value. So it's more the process how easy it is in terms of consuming the product 
and accessing money whenever they want that takes a little edge. 
Baskar Babu: 
It's a small component. It's kind of currently at around INR 60 Cr per month 
incremental deposits because obviously, we have just started 4, 5 months back. So we 
don't have any insights in terms of the renewals. It's going to be even at the end of the 
year, even at this run rate, it will be substantially less than around 10% to 15% of our 
overall term deposits. So what we're mobilizing is predominant term deposits. 
Gurvinder Juneja: 
Yes, sir. But I also wanted to understand your investments in people and other costs 
that you are building. 
Baskar Babu: 
We’ll be stabilizing in terms of employee expenses, if you look at it between even the 
Q4 and Q4 of FY25, the increase is about 7%. It is time to also rationalize in terms of 
we have done a huge investment in tech around closer to INR 200 Cr moving from 
profile to Finacle and which what gave us visibility in terms of our entire MSME 
journey is a 1-minute pre-approval journey. 
 
However, we follow it up with a CPV and a visit in person to ensure that we can build 
a solid portfolio before we really scale it up. So those are the investments that we also 
introduced a secured credit card. We'll be rolling out now full-fledged. We see good 
traction there. And exactly to the point that most of the customers who come through 
the digital route are showing inclination in terms of blocking the limit and looking at 
the secured RuPay credit cards. 
 
So some of these things will scale without a proportionate increase in manpower. And 
hopefully, our technology investments will come into play in doing that. We also 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
introduced our new mobile banking and Internet banking, specifically mobile banking, 
which we believe is one of the best-in-class in terms of convenience for the customers. 
That's the feedback we have even before we really kind of get the feedback on a very 
formal basis. 
 
So hopefully, these investments will play out. On the employee side, the intent is to 
probably keep it at around just about the main investments will go only towards the 
front end, business customer-facing people. And on the back end on the support 
function, it is more of just the same and with an increase of probably around 3% to 4% 
cost increase. 
Himadri Das: 
Just to add, so what you are seeing is CTI is a little high because, of course, one is cost, 
like sir had mentioned. Secondly, what you have seen is an effective yield had come 
down because of non-paying book, which had resulted in a lesser revenue. And also 
our interest cost went up. One SLTRO, which was a low-cost borrowing gone out and 
also interest overall had gone up. 
 
So if you see net interest income had not substantially contributed. And also other 
income, which is one of the major things, which is also related to your disbursement. 
Last year, the disbursement was lesser, that had not contributed. So overall, this is your 
income growth is lower than your cost growth. So that is why your CTI had went up. 
But what we are projecting once next year, the income should be there, and we are 
moving to a little secured mix and cost would be rationalized. And corporate cost 
should give us a leverage. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rakesh Kumar from Valentis Advisors. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So just on CGFMU further to better understand this thing. So we have total CGFMU 
cover for INR 4,936 Cr amount IF portfolio. And against the INR 628 Cr gross NPA 
number, we are eligible to get INR 460 Cr number basically, correct? 
Management: 
Correct. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
And this claim that we have received of INR 32 Cr in the first quarter FY25, so when 
the claim was made and it was received in first quarter. So when the claim was made 
actually? 
Management: 
The claim was made also in the first quarter, and we received it in the same quarter. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Is it? Okay. Because I was hearing because RBL management is also quite gung-ho 
and going for this scheme quite progressively from here on. But they said on the call 
is that it takes around 2 to 3 years to actually receive the entire claim. And on the 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
rolling basis, this number keeps on adding and all that. So I was just curious to 
understand that when the claim was made. And so you are saying it was made in the 
same quarter and -- so when this NPA occurred against which we got the INR 32 Cr. 
Baskar Babu: 
It's a pretty kind of well-designed scheme. It is not something which you cover and 
then it becomes an NPA, you kind of press the plug and then you take it. So it is purely 
a credit guarantee. It is not something which kind of pays up for itself as soon as you 
kind of take a cover and becomes an NPA. So the waiting period is approximately 1 
year minimum. 
 
But we will not be able to comment about other banks comfort or discomfort in terms 
of -- we have not -- just to repeat, we took it in FY23 when we did not even anticipate 
a credit loss of more than 1%, 1.5%. We'll continue to do it, and that's why we have 
chosen not to really do any selective coverage even in the year when we took. So it 
was 100% eligible CGFMU we decided to take it. As a bank, we wanted the robustness, 
and that's the reason and we'll continue to do so. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Understood, sir. So this INR 460 Cr what we are expecting to receive. So like this 
claim was made, what is the vintage of average vintage of this claim? 
Baskar Babu: 
It's not as easy to get on, explain probably offline connect, that we will explain the 
entire CGFMU scheme. But if you wait till -you're assuming that we don't want to 
make any claim for Q1, Q2, Q3. And only in Q4, we make the claim and we kind of 
get all of that, probably we'll get closer to around INR 300 Cr. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Just the question was just to understand get the visibility of the money being received 
in FY26 or FY27. It was just to that, just to check that. 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
Yes. So out of the INR 460-odd Cr that has been shown, our reasonable belief is that 
if we make claims in Q1 and Q3, we will get somewhere around INR 350-odd Cr in 
the current financial year. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it. And second question related to this topic itself. So we had made INR 53 Cr 
expense that we had debited to P&L in FY24 and around INR 72 Cr, INR 73 Cr in 
FY25. We are showing that we have made a total claim -- we have made a total expense 
of INR 155 Cr. So the remaining amount when it was done? 
Himadri Das: 
So INR 155 Cr is the cash that we have paid till now. What P&L shows is a little 
amortization. So INR 155 Cr, whatever INR 30 Cr, that will be amortized in coming 
years. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Okay. So the cash outgo -- cash outgo has happened? 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Himadri Das: 
Yes. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
But you are showing in the P&L as an expense of only INR 53 Cr plus INR 22 Cr. 
Himadri Das: 
No, INR 53 Cr plus INR 70 Cr last year. This year INR 70 Cr and INR 50 Cr last year, 
INR 130-odd Cr and INR 155 Cr. So this INR 25 Cr will be amortized in coming years. 
So as the next year expense will also be amortized over the tenure of that product. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it. So the remaining amount, the INR 25-odd Cr, is there a provision made in the 
P&L because you are showing that this amount has been expensed. This amount has 
been paid to other parties. So is there any debit to the P&L of this remaining amount 
or not? 
Himadri Das: 
No. So what I'm trying to tell you that INR 155 Cr is the cash outgo. And as per 
accounting policy, it is an amortization. Amortization, okay? So now it is like the same 
way you debit -- you purchase one asset of, let's say, INR 100 Cr, then you amortize 
for 5 years, right? INR 100 Cr is the cash outgo, 20 years is the P&L expense for 5 
years. So that is how it is. INR 155 Cr till now is the cash outgo. Till now, INR 130 Cr 
is accrued in P&L. Next INR 25 Cr would be accrued in coming years -- coming next 
year. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So what we have paid so far is that INR 53 Cr plus INR 22 Cr, that's what we have 
paid. So remaining amount will be going for the next 2 years or 3 years, maybe 5 years 
in a fraction amount? Correct? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
It's not that. So just to clarify, we have paid around INR 150-odd Cr till date. We have 
accounted and taken a hit in the P&L for INR 130-odd Cr out of the INR 155 Cr. The 
balance INR 25 Cr will be taken in the current financial year. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Okay. So you are saying in the Slide #23 is that as of March 2025, the bank has paid 
cumulative premium of INR 155 Cr. So that is a correct statement to make or a wrong 
statement to make? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
No, that's the correct statement because the premium is paid in advance at the 
beginning of the period to take a life cover of -- like if you take a life cover of -- let's 
take our own employees. I pay INR 1 lakh insurance for a period of 1 year, and that is 
from the month of January 2025.  
 
While I would make the payment of INR 1 lakh to the insurance company, which is 
not reimbursable in a normal course, I will account for only that 25% of that INR 1 
lakh as an expense in the P&L because that is an insurance premium paid for that 
particular period. The amount is paid upfront, even in any credit -- any insurance 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
policy, I make the payment, I take it on 31st of March, it's available till 31st of March 
next year. 
 
I will expense only 1 day as an expense for that year and the remaining will go towards 
the next year. But the amount I wanted to make the payment is at the beginning. So it 
is an amount paid for covering a period of time and amortization is happening based 
on the period for which that insurance cover is available. So the statement of INR 155 
Cr is right -- INR 122 Cr is right, I would think that probably we will kind of come 
back in terms of and explain it. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes. I think we'll have to discuss it more. I think because the number has not been 
expensed or not been provisioned, then I don't know how can we write this. 
Management: 
Yes. We will simply state that what we paid is INR 155 Cr. What we accounted for is 
INR 120 Cr perfectly in line full disclosures made in line with the accounting policies. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sure, sir, that was I needed to clarify. 
Management: 
Sure. You can reach out to us, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just wanted to understand now you mentioned that -- I mean, we have provided 
100% coverage on our IF portfolio, right, after considering this CGFMU inflow, right? 
So this NPA will not have any impact on provisioning for this coming year FY26, 
right? 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
That's correct. Your understanding is correct. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And now we are expecting a slippage of around INR 300 Cr and INR 400 Cr in FY26. 
So considering a INR 100 Cr slippage per quarter, and you will provide around 27.5% 
on that. So a provisioning of INR 25 Cr, INR 30 Cr is what we can expect from first 
quarter? Will that be a fair assumption? 
Baskar Babu: 
It will not be -- the first quarter will not be any substantially different from Q4. it will 
be better, but not 50% or 60% down. And we are expecting the benefit of 99% 
collection efficiency in current bucket in March to come over in terms of Q2 and taper 
off towards Q3 and Q4. What we have said around the number is the slippages for the 
entire year, but not going to be proportionate. We're sliding from 40%, 35%, 25%, 20% 
approximately that way. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So can you just repeat what is this 40% 25%, 30%? 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Management: 
Ratio. 
Himadri Das: 
So if you see last quarter, Q4, the slippage was around INR 300-odd Cr. So what we 
are trying to say, next quarter would be better, but not substantially better. Maybe if I 
am -- for an assumption, if I take a INR 200-odd Cr of slippage, I have to make a 
provision of INR 50-odd Cr for first quarter. 
 
Next quarter, if the slippage is around INR 150-odd Cr, I have to make another INR 
30-odd Cr. So what we are trying to say, it will slide down, let's say, INR 50 Cr, INR 
35 Cr, INR 30 Cr, INR 25 Cr. In this way, it will be INR 100-odd Cr, not like INR 25 
Cr each for each quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, INR 50 Cr, INR 35 Cr, INR 30 Cr and INR 20 Cr. So that comes to around INR 
50 Cr and INR 100 Cr -INR 130 Cr, INR 135 Cr. 
Himadri Das: 
Yes. We are not giving any guidance for any quarter. What we are trying to explain is 
the rationale. 
Kanishka Chaudhary: 
It's a sliding scale and not equally across the 4 quarters. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. I understood the trajectory. Okay. That's very clear. And overall, for the entire 
year, you mentioned credit cost of 1%, including the CGFMU benefit. Is that the right 
understanding? 
Himadri Das: 
No. So what we had mentioned, like rightly you mentioned, INR 100 Cr and INR 110-
odd Cr of provision for a full year, which means 1% odd on advances, which excludes 
the CGFMU claim. So rightly, you have said, right, INR 400-odd Cr, if there is a 
slippage, INR 100-odd Cr, I will take, INR 300-odd Cr has to be borne by, let's say, 
CGFMU. So it excludes CGFMU claim receivable. If I have to include CGFMU, the 
total credit cost would be, let's say, 4%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. So if I have to consider INR 100 Cr to INR 110 Cr kind of provisioning 
for this FY26, your ROA outlook should have been much higher than 1.5% to 1.6%. 
So where is the disconnect? Because at INR 100 Cr, INR 110 Cr of provisioning, your 
ROA would be much higher, right? 
Himadri Das: 
No. So another thing that we are guiding also the secured mix will grow up. So 
currently, we have a secured mix of 50%. Next year, we are projecting around 55%, 
where the effective yield difference is nearly 6%, so which -- so secured mix going up 
and CTI keeping same and provisioning INR 110 Cr, what we are projecting is 1.4% 
to 1.5% of ROA. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. So your NIMs will have some pressure, I mean, because of your secured mix 
going up? 
Himadri Das: 
Yes. NIM will come down. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes. So sir, firstly, I wanted to get some color on the existing situation in Karnataka. I 
mean we saw that it was basically behaving similar to other states till December, but I 
think there was a spike in February and then most players have reported a sort of 
resumption towards normalization March onwards. So what is your experience? And 
is it going to sort of linger on for a very long time? Or does it look like resolving much 
faster as it spiked up also in a short period of time? 
Baskar Babu: 
Good thing is that there is no disturbance in the field in terms of collections. That 
pressure is not on. But however, there has been a slippage which happened. It takes 
time for customers to come back. It doesn't really bounce back in the very next month. 
Even the collection efficiency, which is of current bucket, which excludes people who 
have already slipped into the other buckets has not -while it bounced in March, in April, 
it was slipped. So again, I would kind of say that both Tamil Nadu, we'll have to wait 
and watch. As of now, nothing on the ground, nothing really felt, but we'll have to give 
it a couple of months to see if there is any impact at all. 
 
Similarly in Karnataka before calling out that all is well and it has bounced back. There 
have been no disturbances reported, which is a good thing, which means that you can 
really go, visit the customers between 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. and on a regular basis, 
and those customers will continue to pay. It has not come back to anywhere closer to 
99% in terms of current bucket collection efficiency. It's still kind of 300 basis points 
lower compared to the other states. 
Sasidhar Vavilala: 
The impact is 8% of the portfolio for us. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And secondly, on the Guardrail 2, so what has been the impact in this financial year 
that we have seen almost 40-odd days have passed. So how do you assess the impact 
of Guardrail 2 on your disbursement growth as well as credit costs? 
Sasidhar Vavilala: 
So we have implemented it in November, and we saw a drop of 50 percentage business 
in new-to-bank customers. Then we pivoted from group to individual new-to-bank 
customers. New-to-bank Vikas loans were started from the month of December, and 
we started scaling up significant scale-up of new-to-bank Vikas loans started. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
 
As we speak, previous month was -- disbursals were more than March month. So we 
are growing on disbursal. We don't see any challenge. Whatever hit we had to take, we 
took it in the month of November. November and December, we took the hit. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And February onwards, it's sort of normal in terms of against your disbursement 
growth plans? 
Baskar Babu:  
Yes. The number of customers disbursed has come down which will be a natural 
followed because JLG is virtually -- new to bank JLG is zero almost. So very, very 
marginal probably 5%. But new to bank Vikas loan customer, if you really meet the 
customer as a true and the 5 of them apply for a loan and 4 of them get rejected, you 
will not be able to fund the other one as well in the group model. 
 
So the new-to-bank Vikas loan model, it's a customer who is being given on an 
individual basis. So if you approach 5, even 4 get rejected on Guardrails and one can 
still be funded if based on the track record, your individual loan. So we are seeing some 
traction on the new-to-bank Vikas loan and the portfolio also is holding good as of 
now. 
 
So since it is new to bank Vikas loan straightaway coming in individual, again, I think 
we'll have a minimum give it a period of 6 months and probably a portfolio at least 
around INR 200 Cr to INR 250 Cr to call out in terms of that it's behaving much better 
than, say, JLG portfolio. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So are you seeing some impact on the slippages side also because you were alluding 
that the exported collection efficiency had dropped in April. So I mean, is that more 
related to the sort of the weather or is it also to do with the Guardrail 2? 
Management: 
No, not with Guardrail 2 because it got implemented across the sector only from April 
1. So you won't have seen that impact immediately in that month, we're looking for a 
loan and it happened. So it was no more than -- on the entire base, no more than 5%, 
6% of the customers take a loan in a particular month. So it's unlikely that it would 
have been the impact. We don't know the exact reasons for us to really call out. But 
usually, April is a little tepid than March. And there is certainly a heat impact. It is not 
like probably last year where heatwave was called out across well before we would see 
any impact. But this time, it doesn't seem to be the heatwave impact. We are not 
certainly present in many parts of North but even in others, it has been across the state. 
it was lower by a percentage. And I think it will also be neither right nor kind of both 
on the side to say that 1 month will become the projection for what will happen in the 
quarters. 

 
Suryoday Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
 
But the good thing across the board is that there has not been any local disturbances 
reported in any significant manner. So hopefully, our ability to get in touch with the 
customer stays intact and the challenge that has to address is in terms of the attrition. 
 
So if you have retention of good, well-performing employees is high and the ability to 
keep in touch with the customers is data-driven, scientific and real, we do think that 
customers have even slipped into the higher buckets will continue to be paying 
customers even if not on a regular basis. So April trend probably is not -- neither March 
nor April probably should be extrapolated to say whether it is always good or whether 
it is still continuously slipping. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Baskar Babu: 
Thank you for participating and look forward to your continued support and confident 
of delivering year that is far more robust and sustainable than FY25. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Centrum Broking Limited, that 
concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
