ELIN ELEICTRONICS LIMITED
Regd. & Corp. Office :  4771, BHARAT RAM ROAD, 23 DARYA GANJ, NEW DELHI-110 002
Website   :   `^/`"/.elinindia.com                     Tel.   :   91-1143000400      Fax.:   91-11-23289340
May 30, 2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
plot NO. cn, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Symbol: ELIN
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbal - 400 o01
Scrip Code: 543725
ISIN: INE050401020    .
Dearsir/Ma'am,
Subject:SubmissionofTrauscriptofconfei.encecallheldon`May26,2025.
•  Pursuant   to   Regulation  30   of  the   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   &  Disclosure   Requirements)
Regt|1atious, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an :amings conference call for the
Q4FY2025 held on Mchday, May 26, 2025.
The above information is being uploade`i on the website of the Company at www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above informati{]n on record.
Tharcking You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronic's Limited
Lata Rani Pawa
.,;'   ,j'`.I`\;G,.`urSc::b;
\\-:,A"       flflu,o®=,
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
M. No:: A30540
cs@elinindia.com
Encl: As Above
EE©
EE
Factories:-
>¥`     *`   r+S
C-142-143-144-144/I-144/2IndustrialArea,SiteNo.1,BulandshaharRoad,Ghaziabad-201009(U.P.)
L-84, Vema Industrial Area, Electronic City, Vema, Goa -403722.
Vlllage: Beli Khol, Post: Manpura -174101, Teh: Nalagarh, District: Solan (Himachal Pradesh)
CIN : L29304DL1982PLC428372                   GSTIN: 09AAACE6449GIZJ
Lata Rani 
Pawa
Digitally signed by 
Lata Rani Pawa 
Date: 2025.05.30 
17:07:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Elin Electronics Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMAL SETHIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ELIN 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. AKASH SETHIA – HEAD STRATEGY – ELIN 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN TANDON – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– ELIN ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 FY '25 Elin Electronics Limited Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Deepak. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Hamsad. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I welcome you, 
all, to Elin Electronics Limited Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have 
with us management represented by Mr. Kamal Sethia, Managing Director; Mr. Praveen 
Tandon, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Akash Sethia, Head of Strategy. 
 
Without taking much of your time, I would now like to hand over the floor to the management 
for their opening remarks, post which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Akash Sethia: 
Thank you very much, Deepak ji. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Akash Sethia. 
And we also have on call today our Managing Director, Mr. Kamal Sethia and our CEO, Mr. 
Praveen Tandon. 
 
Thank you for joining our earnings call for the fourth quarter and full year ended March 2025. I 
am very pleased to share that the company has reported the strongest set of numbers since our 
IPO. With our strong focus on operational efficiency and growth, we believe the next several 
quarters should continue to see higher growth in both revenue and margins from here on. 
 
Coming to our overall performance for the quarter. Our operating revenue for the quarter was 
INR315.7 crores against INR277.8 crores in the same period last year, up 14% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, it was up from INR266.3 crores by 19%. Consolidated EBITDA 
for the quarter was INR20.3 crores against INR12.4 crores in the same period last year. This has 
been driven by 70 basis points of higher gross margins and some operating leverage playing out. 
 
Also, it is pertinent to note that within this, there are non-recurring items of INR1.4 crores, and 
therefore, recurring EBITDA is INR19 crores for the quarter with an adjusted EBITDA margin 
of 5.9% against a reported margin of 6.4%. Consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was 
INR17.2 crores against INR3.5 crores in the same period last year. This includes a net benefit of 
INR7.5 crores towards profit on shares sold by subsidiary Elin Appliances Private Limited of 
Elin Electronics Limited. 
 
Our liquidity position remains strong with net cash of INR75 crores as at March 2025. Our cash 
capex spend in the entire financial year 2025 was at INR40 crores. Our working capital cycle as 
at March 2025 is unchanged from March 2024 at a net 52 days. 
 
I would like to circle back on our actual performance versus the guidance shared at the start of 
the year. We had guided for a revenue range of INR1,165 crores to INR1,200 crores. We have 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
achieved INR1,180 crores. We had guided for an EBITDA of a range of INR60 crores to INR65 
crores. We achieved INR52 crores. We had guided for a cash capex spend of INR40 crores. We 
actually spent INR40 crores. We have guided for a net working capital of 45 to 50 days. We are 
actually at 52 days. 
 
As you can see, it has been a mixed bag for us in terms of full year delivery, largely relating to 
the miss on EBITDA margin front. However, we take great comfort and pride in our Q4 
performance, especially regarding margins. As you can see, we have seen both revenue growth 
and margin expansion in Q4. We are very confident of this margin expansion and revenue 
growth sustaining in full year FY '26. 
 
I would like to share with you also what has led to the margin uptick in Q4. We have created an 
operations excellence team to bring in operational efficiencies for the business via Industry 4.0, 
best practices within industry and a strong focus on automation. Through these activities, we 
have achieved a savings of INR1.5 crores for Q4 or an annual run rate of INR6 crores per annum. 
We are further confident of achieving this and increasing this to INR8 crores to INR9 crores for 
the full year FY '26 across labor and overheads. 
 
I would now like to outline our aspiration and strategy for the company going forward for the 
next 2 years. The aspiration is to be a one-stop shop for all high value, high-volume home 
appliances and durable needs for our OEMs and customers. This includes our existing business, 
which is lighting, fans, small appliances and our planned new business, which is medium 
appliances such as air fryers, air coolers, chimneys, OTGs and so on. We will continue to add 
such products in our portfolio over the next several quarters. 
 
Let me explain the significance of this. These medium appliances that we are planning to make 
have realizations between INR2,100 to INR5,000 per product. This is substantially more than 
our realization from our current range of products, which stand at between INR300 to INR600 
per product. This means that our average realizations will be moving up substantially over the 
next few years as revenue contribution from medium appliances increase. 
 
In the last year, we have executed on this strategy by increasing our fans business and 
commencing the OFR business. This year, both the fans and OFR business should see substantial 
growth. We will also be entering air coolers, chimneys, OTGs and air fryers. Now this is 
important because on these higher realization products, the direct labor cost and other overheads 
as a percentage of revenue declined substantially. Therefore, what this does is create both higher 
and more predictable margins. This is also in line with our goal for getting back to 7% to 7.5% 
EBITDA margin by financial year 2027. 
 
Now I would like to share with you the performance and strategy in each of our business verticals 
going forward. In the Lighting, Fans and Switches segment, the revenue for the quarter was 
INR86.3 crores against INR78.5 crores in the same quarter last year. This was primarily driven 
by an increase in revenue from fans, which was partially offset by a reduction in the lighting 
business. The LED lighting business declined from INR57 crores last quarter to INR50 crores 
in the current quarter. This was largely led by a volume decline in certain categories. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Further, we would like to share an update with you on the Lighting business. Our key customer, 
Signify, has entered into a JV with a competitor for the consumer lighting business. This has 
happened fairly recently and full details on how this will impact us are not fully visible yet. 
 
However, going by the actions of our customer and the preliminary discussions we have had 
with them, it seems that a reasonable share of the consumer lighting business, which is patents, 
downlights, etcetera, could be shifted to the JV entity, which may cause a reduction in lighting 
revenue for us. We estimate this lighting revenue reduction to be in the range of INR45 crores 
to INR50 crores for the full year. 
 
However, this JV entity has also worked as an opportunity for us as most of the OEMs and 
brands do not want to work with competition and the JV is half owned by a competitor. They 
have initiated development discussion in all seriousness with us. We hope to start business with 
them within the next few months. 
 
Net of new customer addition. The net impact we potentially expect on our business is likely to 
be in the range of INR30 crores to INR35 crores for fiscal 2026. Over time, our endeavour is to 
neutralize the impact totally. 
 
Regarding our fans business, our ceiling and TPW fans business has done quite well in the 
quarter. Our revenue for the quarter is up 2x on a Y-o-Y basis. We are further working on making 
some operational enhancements, which should further drive revenue and profitability in the fans 
business. Also, our export of fans out of Goa has commenced. Like we have highlighted earlier, 
we are optimistic of expanding our entire export business. 
 
Moving on to the Home Appliances segment. Revenue rose from INR68.7 crores last quarter to 
INR87.1 crores this quarter. This was primarily driven by a strong growth in the Kitchen and 
Home Care business. The Kitchen and Home Care revenue increased from INR43.7 crores in 
the last quarter to INR61.7 crores in the current quarter. This was on the back of an improvement 
in sales of mixer grinders and irons. 
 
Personal Care segment was flat Y-o-Y. We expect this to revive in the coming quarters. Future 
growth is going to be driven by this segment and a strong focus on growing ODM share of the 
business. While still nascent, we expect this to grow strongly over the next several quarters. 
 
A quick update on this segment. In the upcoming Bhiwadi plant that we announced recently, we 
will be making medium-sized appliances such as chimneys, coolers, air fryers and potentially 
microwave ovens as well. With a clear objective of becoming a one-stop shop for brands for 
high-volume, small and medium appliances, we have renamed this segment to Home 
Appliances. 
 
We are also optimistic about our nascent export business. Given the tariff situation and the 
uncertainty it has created for global supply chains, most global OEMs are seriously looking to 
diversify supply chains away from China and towards India. We are in exploratory talks with a 
few global OEMs to localize in India and export to U.S.A. and the Western world. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
While still in early stages, the engagement levels have been very encouraging. Further, the 
government's stance on local manufacturing and disincentivizing imports via BIS and QCO 
makes us further optimistic on our business going forward. 
 
Moving on to the FHP Motors segment. Revenues were up from INR49 crores to INR51 crores, 
primarily driven by an increase in revenue from terminal blocks and synchronous motors. Please 
note, this segment reflects only third-party revenue. Although revenue from third-party as a 
segment has been muted, this has been captured as higher revenue from complete appliances via 
captive consumption. Actual motor consumption and production has been quite strong. 
 
Now, I would like to set out our guidance. For the full year 2026, we believe revenue will be in 
the range of INR1,350 crores to INR1,400 crores, representing a growth of 15% to 18% over 
FY '25. EBITDA for the year is forecast at between 6% to 6.5%. capex for the year will likely 
be in a range of INR100 crores to INR125 crores. The split is INR60 crores approximately 
towards Phase 1 of the new plant at Bhiwadi and the balance for the existing business and 
factories. Once the new factory in Bhiwadi is stabilized in 2 years from starting, this will also 
help us drive up our ROCE since cash sitting idle on our balance sheet has been a drag on ROCE. 
 
A further quick update on the numbers of the Bhiwadi business. We expect the plant to be 
operational and contributing to revenue by March 2026. We expect a revenue of INR140 crores 
in FY '27 and INR250 crores in FY '28. The full revenue potential of the plant is between INR550 
crores to INR600 crores. At a plant level, we expect a steady-state EBITDA of 7% to 7.5%. At 
these levels, ROCE for the plant will be 20% pre-tax. As always, we remain committed to drive 
value for our customers and shareholders alike. 
 
With this, we conclude our opening remarks. We can now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Yes, sir. Congratulations on a very strong comeback quarter. Sir, my question is, it is on the 
guidance that we have given of 6% to 6.5% EBITDA margins and the guidance that you have 
just given. So I just wanted to ask what does management thinks about how we will be achieving 
this guidance? Will it be led by the fans and the home appliances which has strongly come up? 
And will this be over the quarters or it will be spread out between 40% or 60% in H1 versus H2? 
How it will look like? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure. So let me just break it down into two. I'll just talk about first the revenue guidance and 
then the margin guidance. The revenue guidance, like we said, is a growth of 15% to 18% in FY 
'26 that we expect over FY '25. This will largely be led by the Home Appliances segment, the 
Motor segment and the Fans segment, right? We've already mentioned that lighting we expect 
some sort of degrowth. This overall growth of 15% to 18% that I'm talking about is despite the 
reduction in the Lighting business. 
 
Now I just move to the margin front. For FY '26, we are guiding for an EBITDA of between 6% 
to 6.5%. Please do note that even in the current quarter we have reported an actual margin of 
6.4% and after adjusting for some lumpy business, we have reported an adjusted margin of 5.9%, 
which is already close to the guidance that we are setting out. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
One of the key reasons how we've gotten to this number already is, we mentioned that we've set 
out an operations excellence team. This team is doing a very strong kind of focus and activity 
under the savings on manpower as well as overheads. So we've already done a savings of INR1.5 
crores for the current quarter, so which is a run rate of INR6 crores per annum. 
 
What we are saying is that this run rate will be better, and we are expecting a net savings for the 
entire year of approximately INR8 crores to INR9 crores at the minimum. We are fairly 
confident that with the right work, this number could be larger. Now all this is being driven by 
Industry 4.0 best practices in the industry as well as a strong focus on automation. I'll just pause 
here. If there are any further queries to this, happy to clarify. 
Darshil Pandya: 
No, it sounds good sir. And sir, the capacity utilization for FY '25 of our current plant, if you 
can just share? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure. Look. So obviously, I'm just going to give you a blended number. It varies by product 
segment and within product segments also we have subsegments. But at a very, very high level 
across -- for the entire company, it's approximately between 70% and 75%. 
Darshil Pandya: 
70% to 75% you're saying? 
Akash Sethia: 
That's right. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Got it. So we are actually running at a very good optimum levels. Got it. And sir, just wanted to 
confirm, all our products are sold to OEM or to the main client, just to understand? 
Akash Sethia: 
We are only a third-party manufacturer. We do not have any own brand and any finished product. 
We only -- we are a third-party contract manufacturer. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Great. So we do actually only give it to the OEMs and then the OEMs give it to the main 
customer? 
Akash Sethia: 
That's right. 
Darshil Pandya: 
So do we have any plans to connect with the customer directly and the other mix that -- if 
something can help us in the margin side? 
Akash Sethia: 
No. Because, look, we are very clear with our philosophy. We continue -- we want to continue 
to be a third-party contract manufacturer for OEMs, because your customer cannot be your 
customer and a competitor. If we launch a brand, then our customer becomes, in some sense, 
our competitor. And we want to avoid that confusion. So we will continue to remain third-party. 
There is no plan of launching our own brand or anything like that. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. Got it. And with regards to -- as we have seen some good growth in the fans business and 
the home appliances business. So do we have in future any plans to cut down to maybe 3, 4 or 5 
products that can yield up -- us good numbers? Do we have something? Because right now, we 
have a lot of products in our basket? 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Akash Sethia: 
No, the growth has been broad-based. We see no reason to cut down our business as long as 
each engine or each sub engine of the company is performing. Why should we cut down on 
anything. Obviously, there is always a correct... 
Darshil Pandya: 
No just cut down, but just as we can see some good growth in the segments that we are seeing 
currently. And... 
Akash Sethia: 
Sorry, I don't get your question. 
Darshil Pandya: 
So just -- I'm not trying to say that we should just cut off. But just to understand, since the other 
segments which are right now performing well for us, we might make some expertise over there, 
because the other products as of now, what I've been seeing in the yearly numbers is, are not so 
encouraging. Maybe the growth is not that good when it is compared to our home appliances or 
fans business. That's the whole point of understanding. 
Akash Sethia: 
 No, no. We are fairly confident. Look, home appliances have been very strong. Fans have been 
very strong. Motors, like we mentioned, optically it is not showing growth to you because this 
is captured -- this captures only third-party motor sales. What it does not capture is active 
consumption. So that is captured in the strong complete home appliance sales. 
 
So, each of our home appliance, fan and motors business has shown strong growth. The only 
business that has shown some degrowth is the lighting business. We've explained that already. 
We hope to make strides in mending that. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Correct. Sir, last, just if you can repeat the Bhiwadi plant revenue that you just -- you had shared? 
I just missed on the numbers that you just explained. 
Akash Sethia: 
I'll just repeat it. But after this I would just request you to just rejoin the queue because there are 
other participants as well. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Yes. 100%. 
Akash Sethia: 
Okay. So on the Bhiwadi business, the plant is expected to be operational by March 2026. So 
for the first full year of operation, which is fiscal '27, we expect a revenue of INR140 crores. For 
fiscal '28 we expect INR250 crores. The full revenue of the plant -- the full revenue potential of 
the plant is between INR550 crores to INR600 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi Securities. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Congrats on an amazing set of numbers. Sir, my first question would be on the employee 
expenses, which have just been almost the same as last year, but there has been a mention in the 
presentation that going ahead there will be an improvement about INR2 crores to INR2.2 crores 
per quarter. So can you just explain maybe that, how like will there be a -- the benefit? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure. So let me just take a moment to just explain this. What we are saying is that already in the 
current quarter, there has been a savings achieved of INR1.5 crores. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Now to your point of the employee number on an absolute basis being same, please look at the 
labor cost or the employee cost to revenue ratio, where you will see that despite the same kind 
of absolute cost, there has been a sharp improvement in revenue. So the way to also look at it is 
not only on an absolute basis, but in terms of cost relative to revenue. 
 
So you will see that from 14%, 14.5% levels of employee cost to revenue where we were for last 
year -- for majority of the last year, we have managed to bring this down to slightly under 13% 
for the current quarter. 
 
We expect for the full year, us to be able to bring this down to around 12.5-odd percent for the 
full year for the company as a whole. That is probably the correct way to look at the savings, not 
probably on an absolute basis. I hope that clarifies. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Yes, sir. And sir, the other expenses has also seen improvement, about 60 basis points if you see 
year-on-year. So that is because of any power savings or something else? 
Akash Sethia: 
Primarily power savings, right? But also there is work ongoing on every expense line item. So 
we are literally -- we've taken a fine tooth comb and every expense line item is being monitored 
extremely carefully. 
 
Like we said, this is just the start of the whole savings exercise under the operational excellence 
team. The numbers that I've given you of savings of INR8 crores to INR9 crores are fairly 
conservative. We are extremely confident that we will easily achieve these numbers, if not 
surpass them. 
 
Also, one point I'd just like to make, there is a lot of work ongoing under our new CEO under 
the -- for the purchasing side. He is a supply chain specialist, and he is doing a lot of work on 
the purchasing side, which is not fully reflected in our numbers today. So we are -- the guidance 
that we've mentioned is fairly conservative. 
 
Once all of this comes together, efforts on the purchasing, on the labor and the overheads, we 
are fairly sure -- we've mentioned that by fiscal '27 we want to get back to the 7%, 7.5% 
EBITDA. We are 100% confident of getting back to these numbers by that time. 
Kunal Mehta: 
So, sir, when you say purchasing, sir, you mean that gross margins are likely to improve from 
the 25.8%, which is of FY '25 to maybe the 27%, 28% in the coming years? 
Akash Sethia: 
If you look at our current quarter, we are at approximately close to 27%, right? [Inaudible 
0:25:08]. We've already seen that improvement. Now obviously, this is not going to happen 
every quarter, because there is some element of sales mix also that plays a part, which we've 
transparently highlighted also in our investor presentation. 
 
But yes, it is correct to say that we expect that gross margins should continue to get better over 
the next few quarters. And when I say get better, I'm not saying from this current quarter, but 
from the 25% that we have normally set out, we do expect that there could be a potential to 
improve at least 100 basis points on that number. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And the capex that is mentioned about a total of INR110-odd crores for the next year. 
So that will be complete deployed next year? Or will there be phases? And will it be debt and 
internal accruals or only internal accruals? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure. So let me just split that out. Like we mentioned, total capex for the year is estimated at 
between INR100 crores and INR125 crores. Of this, approximately INR60 crores, INR65 crores 
is towards Phase 1 of Bhiwadi. Bhiwadi, the total capex is in the range of INR90 crores, INR95 
crores. So out of the INR90 crores, INR95 crores this year, we will be spending INR60 crores, 
INR65 crores, which is approximately 2/3. The balance INR50 crores, INR60 crores is for the 
existing business, the existing factories. 
 
With this, revenue should be approximately INR1,350 crores to INR1,400 crores this year and 
approximately INR1,750 crores next year, because a bulk of the capex is towards Bhiwadi. 
Bhiwadi, like we mentioned, will only come on stream by March 2026. So the full benefit is 
going to be visible only in fiscal '27. So that's the way to look at capex and revenue in totality. 
 
To your second question, this is going to be largely funded only by internal accruals. Even after 
this large round of capex, we do not expect to have any debt on our books. When I say debt, I 
mean long-term debt, working capital debt on a need basis, obviously, is actually present right 
now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratap from Mount Intra Finance. 
Pratap: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So my first question was regarding the JV that was set up 
with the contract manufacturer, our peers. So the net impact that we are considering of INR30 
crores to INR35 crores, so have we already got into discussions with some of the other brands 
that might be moving away from them? Or is this something that we expect to happen in the 
future? 
Akash Sethia: 
Look -- okay, let me just give you some context. These discussions with these other brands were 
ongoing even before the -- before this JV came up. However, because of the whole oversupply 
situation, there was no meaningful headway being made. 
 
Now with this JV coming up with Signify aligning with another contract manufacturer, brands 
typically view you as either supplier or competitor, not as both, right? So these brands are now 
in serious discussions with companies such as ours to kind of look to move some part of the 
supply chain or product production to us over them. 
 
So now what we are saying is that this discussion is ongoing. It's at a fairly advanced stage, but 
no revenue is currently coming in from this. What we've estimated is that the total impact net of 
customer additions for this should not be more than INR30 crores to INR35 crores in reduction 
in lighting business for fiscal 2026. 
Pratap: 
Yes. And going forward, just to follow-up on that, so as that JV scales up, is there any possibility 
that there might be more leakages from our current book of business with Signify for FY '27? 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Akash Sethia: 
Look, we have mentioned in full transparency, we don't know, it's still early days. Point one, 
what we understand is that this is restricted to the consumer lighting part of the business. We are 
also present in the professional or the office part of the lighting business. So point one is that. 
So in our business, 50% is consumer, 50% is professional. So from what we understand, the 
professional part is not under that JV. That is point one. 
 
Point two, under the consumer part, we've already taken a reasonably high estimation of revenue 
going away already and which is what we've communicated. So, incrementally, whether 
everything will go away, unlikely. I mean, whether you are a partner in a JV, nobody wants to 
have reliance on only one supplier. So will it go away completely? 
 
I don't think so. But like I said, it's still very, very early days. This was all done only late March, 
so it's not even 2 months. So maybe by next quarter we will be in a position to give you a better 
update. But as things stand, this is the information that we can share with you. 
Pratap: 
Understood, sir. And regarding our medium appliances -- are we already kind of selling medium 
appliances? Or is that something -- kind of a revenue line that we're developing for the future? 
Akash Sethia: 
So look, some segments we're already selling. So we're already doing TPW fans, BLDC fans, 
OFRs, so on and so forth. But a bulk of the medium appliances that we are intending to get into 
will come out of the Bhiwadi facility, which is air coolers, air fryers, ovens, potentially 
microwaves. So, while we've already made some sort of headway in getting into medium 
appliances, but this will only scale up over the next couple of years. 
Pratap: 
And what is the current revenue from medium appliances, if you kind of measure that? 
Akash Sethia: 
Should be -- if I talk of medium appliances currently being fans and OFRs, it should be in the 
range of INR65 crores to INR70 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of [Vidhi Raika from Tradelink Exim (India) Private Limited 
0:32:03]. 
Vidhi Raika: 
Congratulations on the good results. I just wanted to ask a question. You have mentioned that 
there are going to be news for the product launches. So what kind of products are you planning 
to launch? 
Akash Sethia: 
Thank you for your question. We just mentioned, right? We are getting into medium appliances, 
larger-sized appliances. Some of them that we will be launching in fiscal '27 out of Bhiwadi are 
air coolers, air fryers, chimneys and OTGs ovens, right? These four categories are already 
identified. As and when we find new categories to add, we will notify all of you via our stock 
exchanges of the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amar Maurya from Lucky Investments. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand more about your guidance of 18% and which will be largely 
driven by home appliances and fans. So what exactly in home appliances -- these are the existing 
customers growth we are talking about? Or this is some new customer addition into the growth? 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Akash Sethia: 
So sir, it is a combination of both, but it is more towards new customers. So when I say new 
customers, sir, I don't mean a new customer to Elin. I mean, a new product segment being sold 
to them. 
 
So for example, if I already have customer A who I'm selling lighting to, but not selling home 
appliance products to, I am talking of that cross-selling opportunity that we are now getting 
deeper into. Now as you know, in India combine, there are only those 10, 15 or 20 brands that 
sell lighting, fans, small, medium, large appliances, right? 
 
So it is about basically deepening your relationship and your business penetration for customers 
who we sell only one segment to, to be able to cross-sell other segments to also. So the revenue 
growth that we are talking of is largely on account of that. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. And these contracts are largely signed or these are speculation as of now? 
Akash Sethia: 
No. So firstly, they are not contracts. They are more -- it's a PO-to-PO kind of business 
relationship. That said, these relationships tend to be very sticky. Once a customer comes on 
board, it is fairly difficult to move supply chains away because there are tools, dies and molds 
that either we set up, the customer set up. It's difficult to just shift the tooling away from one 
supplier to another. So even though it is PO-to-PO -- point one. 
 
Point two, most of them -- at least in terms of the revenue guidance that we are giving, most of 
them are already in the bank. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. Fantastic. And secondly, now this 6% margin improvement, this is largely all operating 
leverage benefit we are talking about? Or there is a cost...? 
Akash Sethia: 
Mentioned -- yes, I'll just take you through it. I've mentioned, there are 2, 3 points, obviously, 
that are kind of playing out in it. One is a slight improvement in terms of gross margins. Two is 
an operations excellence team that we have created that is helping us drive savings in manpower 
as well as overheads. This activity alone we estimate will save us anywhere between INR8 crores 
to INR9 crores for the full year 2026. 
 
And three, there is a general benefit in terms of your indirect cost of -- fixed costs remain fixed 
even as your turnover increases. So therefore, those expenses as a percentage of revenue 
obviously decline leading to a margin uptick, which is operating leverage. So it is a combination 
of these 3. 
 
I would also like to point out that the 6% is the lower end of the guidance that we've set out. 
We've actually set out a guidance of 6% to 6.5%. We hope that we are able to achieve the upper 
end of the guidance. 
Amar Maurya: 
Got it. And lastly, we are talking about a working capital improvement of around 35 days, I 
mean, and largely from inventory and payable days. So what exactly we are going to do with 
inventory? I mean, is it going -- we are going to reduce the finished goods inventory...? 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Akash Sethia: 
No, no, we are not talking of 35 days improvement. We are currently at 52 days. We are saying 
that we will do 40 to 45 days. So we are talking of, say, between 7 days on the lower side, 12 
days on the higher side. I mean, that is the kind of improvement that we are talking about. So 
currently, 52 days. We are saying we'll get to 40 to 45 days. 
Amar Maurya: 
So 52 days -- your inventory days is 70 days, correct? 
Akash Sethia: 
No, our inventory days is not 70 days. 
Amar Maurya: 
Debtor days is 70 days, correct? 
Akash Sethia: 
Yes, debtor, absolutely. 
Amar Maurya: 
Debtor is 70, inventory would be 52, correct? 
Akash Sethia: 
Inventory is closer to 45. So inventory, we look at on material consumed, not on revenue basis. 
Amar Maurya: 
Material basis. Okay. Got it. I think we are looking from revenue basis. Got it. 
Akash Sethia: 
Right. That's the difference. We've set that out also in our investor presentation. So you can just 
have a look. If you have any queries specific to this once you've had a look at the presentation, 
you can connect with us offline. 
Amar Maurya: 
I had looked into the presentation. Perfect. Fantastic. Congratulations for a very good set of 
numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj from White Pine Investment Management. 
Niraj: 
Yes. I think -- congratulations on the numbers, a good improvement. In fact, the structural thing 
that we have seen is that you're moving away from a smaller to slightly medium-sized 
appliances, which is a welcome sign. So, few things. One, on the new products that you're talking 
of, how do you -- what is your strategy to get more customers? 
 
Like why would customers come to you for those business which actually are existing in India, 
like the air coolers, chimneys, fryers, OTGs? So can you give some thoughts on how you plan 
to get those customers for those products? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure, sir. See, there are 2, 3 aspects to this, right? Point one is, in a lot of these categories there 
is BIS that is coming, which means that from imports, people have had to localize. Now when 
you localize, Elin as a company is one of the few organized companies that is an option for a 
brand to partner with, for their production needs. That's point one. Point two, if I look at 
categories that are not under BIS, there are also a lot of these categories. 
 
Let me give you an example, nothing to do with BIS. Let me give you an example in air cooler. 
Now air cooler, if I look at the market, 65% or 70% of the market is unorganized. As things 
stand, this ratio of organized is going on improving every year for the last 5, 7 years, right? 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Given a choice, given the same price, every brand will prefer to buy from an organized company 
than an unorganized company purely on the benefit of reliability that an organized company 
offers to you, right? That is the second element to it. 
 
Third is obviously cost leadership. Now once you become of a certain size and scale, there are 
lots of economies of scale that kind of kick in, that make it very, very difficult for smaller 
companies to compete with -- or for them to compete with us, right? 
 
So it's a combination of these 2. There is BIS ongoing in a lot of the categories of the products. 
There is a shift from unorganized to organized. And then there is the element of leadership. This 
is all these 3 present in one of the other segment. We are fairly confident that we will be able to 
kind of attract customers and deliver the numbers that we are talking about. 
 
Please also note that the numbers that we have spoken about are also after discussion with 
customers. These are not unilateral numbers. This is all a bilateral kind of discussion with 
customers. 
Niraj: 
Okay. Sir, one related question -- 2 related questions. Given the gross margin of this medium 
appliances, how do you see -- will it be similar or will be lower or higher? Because this is the 
first time we move to higher side appliances. 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure. So I think, look, company-wide, we are currently at maybe around 25%, 26% gross margin. 
For larger -- for these larger appliances, gross margins itself are slightly lower. They're probably 
closer to between 18% to 22%, or 19% to 22%, in that kind of range. 
 
That said, the EBITDA is slightly higher, because like I pointed out, on -- from a labor cost and 
other overheads perspective, that ratio to revenue drops significantly. So if you look at it from a 
gross margin perspective, it is slightly lower than some of our -- than the current company 
average. But if you look at it from an EBITDA perspective, these are all products that are in the 
7% to 7.5% to 8% kind of EBITDA range that one can expect. 
Niraj: 
Got it. And hypothetically, this question on how do you compete -- compare yourself with the 
U.S., or the Chinese cost, because what we are -- we know we are standing in front of potential 
trade agreement. And please comment on will it -- is there a potential opportunity to you? And 
what is the differential between you and China in terms of costing? And how should we look 
about it? Like if tomorrow China is 30%, India becomes 10%, does it benefit you? Or just some 
broad number would be useful. 
Akash Sethia: 
Yes. So see, the differential in India versus China first has to be looked at from an apple-to-apple 
perspective. So when you look at an Elin of India, you have to compare this with an Elin of 
China, point one. In China, there are all sorts of suppliers. There are small, medium, large, all 
kinds of suppliers, right? So one is you do an apple-to-apple comparison there. 
 
Second, obviously, this number is going to vary widely basis what kind of product that you are 
talking about. But if I were to give you a very, very large generalization, and please, I'm deviating 
my statement by telling you large generalization. As things stand today, maybe China is more 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
competitive by anywhere between 4% on the lower side, 7%, 8% on the higher side. It is less 
than 10% the price differential. It's not larger than that. 
 
And if you look at China labor, China labor is almost 4x that of Indian labor cost. So the only 
difference that remains is largely on the bill of material side. On the conversion side, we are 
actually more competitive. On the bill of material, because of the scale and the incentives that 
the government offers them, they are probably more competitive, which is the number that I 
gave you, right? Average generalization, 4% to 8%. 
Niraj: 
Okay. This is a broad range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from Ambika Fincap. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Akash, congratulations on a really good set of numbers. I just have one question. You mentioned 
on the call that you are running at 70% capacity. Till what capacity can you go till the time the 
new capex at the existing facility can come up? 
Akash Sethia: 
See that when we talk about capacity utilization, there are 2 kinds of capacity utilization. One is 
obviously at the back end, which is the moulding, power press, all of that, which actually does 
the production of the parts and components. Two is obviously the assembly capacity, which 
actually just does the assembly on the line. 
 
Now when I talk of the assembly capacity, that is -- that can be increased very easily because 
that you can run multiple shifts to increase capacity. So the more critical bottleneck as such is 
the capacity at the back end of the moulding plants, of the power presses, so on and so forth. So 
when I'm talking of the 70% to 75%, I don't see any challenge. If there is enough demand, we 
can easily scale this up to 85%, 90%, 95%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi Securities. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Sir, can you just confirm again that you're saying that in the Lighting segment for this full year, 
you all finished at around INR245 crores -- INR249 crores. And you're saying there will be a 
net impact of about INR35 crores even after maybe signing another OEMs for FY '26. Is it 
correct? 
Akash Sethia: 
LED lighting, excluding flashlights is approximately at INR215-odd crores, if I remember 
correctly, right? Now what we are saying is that the total impact of this whole Signify JV will 
be in the range of approximately [inaudible 0:46:42] odd crores reduction. But that could be this 
change in competitive landscape, we estimate at a minimum, for us to be able to sign on new 
customers. Now this sign on of new customers will happen at varying parts of the year. So that 
full benefit of the year will not be available, right? 
 
So we are saying that there will be a benefit of, say, maybe INR15 crores, INR20 crores available 
for the full year, because it takes time in moving supply chains away. So the net reduction that 
you can model in is gross 50 less new customers, say, INR15 crores to INR20 crores. So net 
reduction of, say, around INR30 crores, INR35 crores ballpark. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
We are hopeful, we've mentioned, that we want to be able to completely neutralize this. But just 
in the spirit of transparency, we are stating that this is something that you can consider as your 
worst case kind of scenario. We've also mentioned this JV is very, very new. So maybe as we 
get more further information, as we get updates on the next call, we will also be able to shed 
more light on the impact of this. So this is also very new. These numbers are basis early 
assessment by us. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. Sir, what comes under the other EMS segment overall? 
Akash Sethia: 
Those are all smaller products, right? Like for example, we also sell mixer grinder blades, like 
just the blade, to other kind of contract manufacturers. So products like those. It's a fairly small 
number. It's not a large number, but these are small components basically that are sold. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, in the non-EMS segment, there have -- we have seen consistent growth over the 
last years. So we did -- this year, we did about INR278 crores in the non-EMS segment. So can 
you just throw some light on that? What -- like currently, we have Denso and IFB. So do we see 
more revenue coming from those? And will Bhiwadi plant have any of those -- of that 
manufacturing? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sure. So, look, for the Bhiwadi plant I'll just answer first. That is actually very close to the auto 
belt of Manesar, right? One of the prominent auto belts in India is at Manesar. So we are very 
hopeful that we could expect new business. 
 
That said, auto business is a long gestation business to get. Typically, there are multiple audits. 
It takes several quarters to get business. So it is a little bit premature for me to give you any sort 
of indication on whether we will get business. 
 
That said, whether -- are we trying for it? Most definitely, we are, because it's a sticky business, 
good names, decent margins, good payment terms. So it's definitely a business that we would 
look at scaling up. But it's a little bit too premature whether that plant will get any auto business. 
 
Secondly, to your broader question, that business broadly is automotive, where Denso, Magneti 
Marelli, Musashi are our key customers. And then there is the consumer business, which is 
largely IFB. And we have a small medical cartridge business where we sell medical cartridges 
to a company called Molbio. That's the broad extent of the business. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. So we are in [inaudible 0:50:28] to consistently have a revenue growth -- sustained 
revenue growth in that segment as well? 
Akash Sethia: 
So the way to look at it is this segment will be slower revenue growth, but slightly better margins. 
EMS segment will be higher revenue growth, but slightly lower margin than the components 
business. That's the way to probably look at the whole business. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, you mentioned about INR250 crores in FY '28 from the new plant, Bhiwadi. And 
you said the potential is about INR550 crores. So that was still near about 50% capacity 
utilization. So after the Bhiwadi plant comes, we can expect about INR2,000 crores of total 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
revenue potential the company can like earn. So, I mean, can that be -- like are we running on 
already -- like -- top like maxed out shifts or this can be improved? 
Akash Sethia: 
No, no. Let me just clarify. See, from our existing 3 facilities, we can do a revenue of 
approximately INR1,700-odd crores, approximate number, right? Bhiwadi full revenue potential 
is approximately INR550 crores to INR600 crores. So if you add up everything, then the total 
revenue potential goes up all the way to approximately INR2,300 crores, right, INR2,200 crores, 
INR2,300 crores. That is point one. 
 
Now Bhiwadi, obviously, we are saying that March '26 we will complete it. We've given you a 
fair idea that within 2 years we can see approximately 45%, 50% kind of revenue utilization 
being achieved. 
 
As regards slightly higher utilization, maybe it happens over 3, 3.5 years. It's a little early to say. 
Just give us some time because the plant is not up yet. Once we have the plant up and running, 
we'll be able to give you more color on when we can expect better revenue utilization. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, can we estimate the depreciation for the next year to be about INR30 crores with 
about INR50 crores, INR60 crores of capitalization of the new plant? 
Akash Sethia: 
You're talking of depreciation? 
Kunal Mehta: 
Yes. 
Akash Sethia: 
Yes, INR30 crores is probably the -- I mean, probably on the higher side, right? INR28 crores -
- should be around INR27 crores, INR28 crores, INR29 crores, somewhere around that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Congratulations, Akash, on a great set of numbers. Two points. Sir, just on gross margin we've 
seen significant benefit in terms of reversion sequentially also. Is this partially because of 
Lighting business declining? And incrementally when you're saying 100 basis point 
improvement in gross margins on an annual basis, is this also being driven by Lighting business 
declining? 
Akash Sethia: 
Look, Sahil, it's -- I mean, I don't have the exact numbers right now to be able to attribute. I can 
just get back to you separately on this point. But as a general comment, I just want to reiterate 
that the 100 basis points gross margin that I'm talking about improvement ,is more from the 
historical average of approximately 25% that we have been operating at. It is not from current 
levels. 
 
If you look at this quarter, we are already at approximately 27%, or closer to 26.5%, right? It's 
going to be very tough to further increase 100 basis points from here. So please treat that 100 
basis points improvement from mean levels and not from the current quarter levels. 
 
Point two, some of that improvement is driven by a sales mix benefit. Some of that has been 
driven by some of the work that our purchasing team has been -- they're working extremely hard. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
So some of that benefit has been driven by them. So it's a combination of change in sales mix as 
well as some sort of savings. 
 
We've been doing a lot of work around consolidation of vendors across all the plants, 
optimization, hard negotiation. So a lot of it is also benefit on those accounts. Regarding your 
specific question of lighting, I'll just have to get back. I don't really have the data with me handy. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Sure. Just the reason I ask this is, for example, say, if the Signify business ramps down 
significantly, maybe a little more aggressively than what we are thinking, just trying to 
understand, is there a possibility of our expenses or the fixed cost staying at where it is? Or could 
that actually -- you can cut that at the same pace? 
Akash Sethia: 
Look, we can cut fixed costs to a certain extent. I mean, it's very hard if assuming worst-case 
scenario, if there's a very steep drop in business from them, it's going to be very difficult, 
obviously, to make that number 0 or whatever. But yes, to a certain extent, we are flexible. We 
can cut cost down. But like you can already appreciate, there's a certain number to which it can 
go down. It cannot ever become 0 or something. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Sure. And just wanted to check, you have done a great job on purchasing side, it seems, but 
working capital has taken a little longer. So could you possibly illustrate where we are in this 
journey? And by when do we think we should be at the aspirational 45 days or something like 
that? 
Akash Sethia: 
I think Praveen ji, maybe you are the right person to just comment on this and just answer Sahil's 
question. 
Praveen Tandon: 
Yes, right. Rightly said, we are -- we have not touched our inspirational figures of 45 days this 
time. But yes, we are on the right track. Looking to the overall expansion in the sales and the 
total inventory management, so we are on the right track, and we believe by H1 we'll be around 
touching the same target numbers as per the current operational efficiencies which we are 
delivering, so. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Sure. Praveen ji, we had seen some improvement in the recent H1 also, but possibly that's not 
sustained. So could you call out meaning what are the steps we are taking so that it becomes 
more sustainable and permanent? 
Praveen Tandon: 
As Akash ji mentioned that we have built in an operation excellence team. It doesn't only reflect 
the excellence team with respect to the overhead and productivity. It reflects to the inventory 
levels how we manage the AR and AP of the customers and the vendors. We manage now on a 
fortnightly basis all across since last quarter. 
 
So we are -- in a way, the last year, the improvement which you saw from April to September 
was considerable. And this 6 months being the season time, so a lot of inventories were invented, 
the import inventory was high. And we could not have the right model mix, and there were some 
sales correction. So it was not controlled in that pattern. 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
But now we are on a fortnightly basis review mechanism and the excellence team is now working 
out how to shorten their lead times, so that we are on our targets of inventories and working 
capital. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Sure, sir. Perfect. And just wanted to check on this. We had plans to launch chimneys and scale 
up OFR as well as possibly OTGs in the coming year itself. With this new Bhiwadi plant, does 
it mean that this is pushed by 1 year? Or can we use our existing facility for it to start off? 
Akash Sethia: 
No. Currently, if we see OFR from last year to this year will be a considerable amount, maybe 
about 5x the numbers what we have got the mandate from our customers. So OFR is a big 
business now. And in H1 and quarter 3 -- quarter 2 and quarter 3 will be the major quantity up, 
which we have already received the orders and the plan is in progress. 
 
Looking to the OTG, we will be starting from quarter 2. Already the orders are processed. Yes, 
the scale up, which we project in a larger scale as medium domestic appliances will be done in 
Bhiwadi plant next year. So there, there will be a bigger lines, so more productive and more 
efficiencies can be derived out there. 
 
So, currently, we'll be doing that OFR and OTG here. So it's not -- we are shifting. We will be 
making this year only. In quarter 2 and quarter 3, you will see the numbers closer. 
Sahil Doshi: 
On chimneys, sir, the same thing? 
Akash Sethia: 
Chimney, sir, it is on currently prototype and designing phase. So we are already in discussion 
with the customers. As the validation time, it takes some time. So we are installing basic 
instruments and fixtures for that out here. So, I don't think that chimney by quarter 3 we will be 
able to get the testing clearances done. 
 
But as Bhiwadi is progressing and if we are able to have that by November, December, so we 
can initiate the test trials and the supply chain from quarter 4, possible. But currently, it is under 
trials with the customers. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Understood. And just lastly, I wanted to check, this quarter, our Motors segment, we said 
because of internal consumption we couldn't have a higher sale. Could that also become a 
constraint for growth in the next year? And secondly, on the Personal Care, which you said you 
expect any revival. Could you talk about that segment and the potential from exports as well? 
Akash Sethia: 
Sahil, let me just clarify regarding motors. So, there is no capacity constraint. What I said was 
that the preference always of the company is to achieve a value addition on a higher sales 
number, right? So if I sell just the motor, say the motor is example for INR500, say a complete 
mixer grinders for INR1,000, right? So if I sell a motor, I achieve a margin on INR500. If I sell 
mixer grinder, achieve a margin on INR1,000. 
 
So the goal of the company is always to kind of look for a higher value addition, moving up the 
value chain. So what we are just trying to say is that although optically, third-party sales of 
motors are kind of INR49 crores to INR51 crores, which is not a meaningful revenue. But the 

 
 
Elin Electronics Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
motors business itself has done quite well because we've utilized all that increased offtake in our 
own captive consumption for sales of mixer grinders and fans and so on and so forth. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Okay. Got it. And just on the Personal Care, if you can comment? Yes. 
Akash Sethia: 
Yes. So look, Personal Care, it's a little bit tough to give an exact estimation on when that exact 
bump up comes. Hopefully, in the run-up to Diwali is the season time. So we are fairly confident 
that numbers should start to improve. It was a little bit of a disappointment this quarter, numbers 
being flattish. But we are fairly hopeful and we are in constant engagement with our customers 
to drive this growth faster. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Akash Sethia: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your trust in Elin, in us. We hope to deliver on this trust 
over the next several quarters and do well for all our stakeholders. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
