 
Date: May 09, 2025 
 
To,   
                            
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                                                                    BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,                                                                                    1st Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                                                                                Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400051                                                                                                             Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Symbol- SRGHFL                                                                                                  Scrip Code – 534680 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: - Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year  
ended March 31, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with respect to our letter dated April 29, 2025 please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 held on 
Monday May 5, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
With Regards 
 
For SRG HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
Divya Kothari 
Company Secretary 
M.No:- A57307 
 
Enclosed: -a/a 
Divya 
Kothari
Digitally signed 
by Divya Kothari 
Date: 2025.05.09 
17:17:40 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
SRG Housing Finance Limited 
 
Q4 & FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Vinod Kumar Jain, Managing Director 
Mr. Ashok Modi, Chief Financial Officer   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
2 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY25 Post-
Earnings Conference Call of SRG Housing Finance Limited.  
 
Today on the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Vinod 
Kumar Jain, Managing Director and Mr. Ashok Modi, Chief Financial 
Officer.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
and performance highlights for the quarter and year-ended 31 March 
2025, the growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we 
will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Jai Jinendra. I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY25 earnings 
conference call. In FY25, the company has achieved the INR759 crore 
AUM target, against our target of INR750 crores. In FY25, with the 
growth of 7.4%, there has been a disbursement of INR305 crores, 
which was INR284 crores last year. With a 26% growth in our loan 
book, in FY25, to INR759 crores, which was INR601 crores last year.  
 
In FY25, our total branches have increased to 90, which was 67 last 
year. Profit before tax was INR30 crores, which was INR26 crores last 
year. PAT was INR24 crores, which was INR21 crores last year. In 
PAT there has been a 14% growth in comparison to last year. Total 
income with a 22% growth was INR155 crores, which was INR127 
crores last year. Net interest income was INR72 crores, which was 
INR59 crores last year. Net worth was INR264 crores, which was 
INR159 crores last year. 
 
EPS was INR17, which was INR15 last year. ../] In FY25, housing 
loan was 73% and loan against property was 27%. Salaried loan was 
26% and self-employed loan was 74%. Our 100% loan book is 
secured against property. The average ticket size of the housing loan 
book is INR8 lakhs and the average LTV is 44%.  
 
Gross NPA was 1.84%, which was 2.29% last year. Net NPA was 
0.61%, which was 0.69% last year. The company has maintained a 
healthy spread of 10%. With this, the net interest margin of the gross 
loan book has been 10.63%. In FY25, we have done a total fund raise 
of INR274 crores. We have raised INR194 crores from the lender, of 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
3 
 
which 30% are from the bank and rest from FI, and INR80 crores have 
been raised through equity. The outstanding borrowing of the 
company was INR584 crores, which was INR491 crores last year. Of 
that 46% the company has borrowed from the bank, 48% from the FIs 
and 6% from the National Housing Bank. The company's liquidity is 
strong and the liquid funds in the company have been INR55 crores. 
Our ALM position has also been comfortable. With this, I thank you 
all very much. Now you can ask any questions you want. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. All those who wish to ask a question may use the 
option of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand, you can put 
your message in the chat box. Sir, a question has come in the chat 
from Mr. Aditya A. A few quarters before, we used to do an ROA of 
3.5%, but lately due to higher cost-income ratio and higher credit cost 
of 60 bps, our ROA has reduced to 3%. What is your outlook on this 
going ahead? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
The ROA is 3.17% which was 3.56% in March, and the reason for the 
decrease in ROA is that when the equity increases, the ROA will also 
decrease. 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, he wants to know what your outlook for the future is. Our ROA 
has fallen from 3.5% to 3%. What is your thought process for the 
future? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, the ROA has reduced due to the increase in equity, but the 
expansion plan and the growth of the business and the growth of the 
PAT, the ROA should cross the 4% which has been taken by the 
equity, and it will cross 3.5% in the next year. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Aman. How is the competitive intensity in 
Rajasthan? What is our right to win in the market? Can you put some 
clarity? That will be very helpful, as the market seems very 
unpenetrated. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
In today's housing finance, we can't say that there is no competition, 
but still, where we are working, today we see that all the companies 
are working in urban areas. In rural and semi-urban areas, there is still 
not much competition. We can do comfortable work according to the 
business there. There are companies there as well, but there is still no 
competition there because the way of doing business and the business 
there is still coming from there. 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
4 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, the next part is that the market seems under-penetrated. So, are we 
witnessing increased focus from peers meaning competition? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, actually, every company is different. In today's time, we have 40% 
business from Rajasthan. The rest is from Gujarat. So, your portfolio 
and business is as much as you want. We want a business of monthly 
INR10 crore, INR15 crores from Rajasthan, we easily get it. If 
someone's business is more, we don't have that much of a loan 
booking, so we don't have a problem. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Kush Tandon. Kush, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, good afternoon. Last time, when the interest rate was increasing, 
we were facing a loss on the fixed book at the NIM level. You also 
increased the OpEx. So, there was a hit from two places. Now, sir, the 
interest rate will hopefully be less. So, sir, what is your view on that? 
Do you think that we will benefit on NIM in the future? Will we keep 
the same interest rate or will we also reduce the interest rate for the 
customer? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Kush ji, there are two things in this. You are very good. In the 
previous interest rate, in the NHB guideline, we could have done more 
LAP business, loan against property, in which we used to do up to 
40% LAP, there, we used to get 2%-3% extra money. Now in the 
housing finance company, it is necessary to do 70% portfolio HL. So, 
there you get 1%, 2% difference. But the loss of the repo rate that we 
were facing, due to the decrease in the repo rate, that whole thing will 
be set off.  
 
Secondly, our ticket size, in the new state, where we are working, the 
ticket size has increased. So by increasing the ticket size, your 
operation cost will gradually decrease. So from there, you will save 
money in the operation cost. So if we look at it net-to-net, your PAT 
will increase. And the expansion that we have done in this year, the 
branch that we started in Maharashtra, we started in Karnataka, we 
started in Andhra. So, from there also, our business has started. So in 
today's date, the operation cost that was to be hit, it has increased by 
1%, 2% only, not more. So, that support, in the next year, the costing 
that is coming more now, that costing will also reduce. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, will you give a new loan at a lower rate? Like, if the repo is 
falling, will you make it fall?  
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
5 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
No, no. Our average housing loan, that portfolio is maintained at 18% 
only. And our LAP sits around 20%. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Because our customers are rate-insensitive customers. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Yes. So, our average will come the same. We will work at 18% 
housing loan and our LAP's average portfolio will be around 20%. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
So there will be a profit on NIM, when the rate will fall more.  
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
In the coming time, Kush ji both things have happened. The expansion 
has been completed, branches have opened, branches have started, 
branches have come in running. And equity has also come with you. 
So both the things that were to happen, have happened now. So, your 
NIM has to increase, your PAT has to increase. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, for the next 2, 3 years, will you be able to give any guidance for 
AUM growth, for the loan portfolio? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, like we had committed, we will do it around INR750 crores this 
year. Next year, we will do it around INR1,000 crore, INR1,100. So, if 
INR750 crore is crossed this year, then next year it will be around 
INR1,000 crore, INR1,100. And after that, if there is next year, then 
we will reach around INR1,500 crore. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
And sir, our OpEx has increased, because the branches have opened. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Actually, your OpEx will be reduced now. Because the hiring team 
that we had to take in management, we took that. The team that we 
had to make Pan-India, Bombay corporate office that has been done. 
So, all the things that had to be done, have been done. Now, if 10%, 
20% employees increase, then your book will increase more than that. 
Because your other fixed cost will not increase now. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Exactly sir, I wanted to say that in 2 years, NIM and OpEx increased. 
Hopefully, in the next 2 years, AUM growth and PAT growth, PAT 
growth should be more than AUM growth, sir. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Yes, 100%. There is focus on both. And in today's date, all the things 
that had to be done have been completed. Now our rating has also 
become BBB plus. And as soon as it comes around INR1,000 crores, 
then our rating will also come in A minus. If we come in that rating, 
then it will be a little easier to take money from the bank. And as the 
rating increases, we will get a little benefit in the borrowing cost. 
Ultimately, in 2-3 years, it will increase. 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
6 
 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, one last question. In the new geography, where we are going, is 
there any problem in underwriting, credit cost, understanding 
customers, or are there any new customers from our home state? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Actually, sir, wherever you go, the team over there is local. Secondly, 
in any property, there is legal waiting and legal property. Wherever we 
have gone in the state, for example, in Karnataka, the documents are 
very systematic and we do not have any legal issue. Technically, we 
have only two things. The property that you are giving, whether it is 
proper or not, its documents are very good there. The government's 
things are also fast there. So it is more fun to do business. It is also 
good in Andhra. In Maharashtra, there is a registered mortgage loan. 
 
So there is no problem there. So there is no problem in working in any 
new territory. We have already come from Rajasthan and now we 
have come to Gujarat and MP. So there is no problem in working in 
any state. We have a capable team and the experience people there. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
So roughly, on INR1,000 AUM, 4% ROA can be made.  
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Yes.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Broadly. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kush. We will take the next question from Kevin Shah. 
Kevin, you can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Thank you. Sir, can you give us some information on how SRG will 
cross INR1,000 crore AUM and how will we balance the increasing 
cost with AUM growth with profit growth? Because your profit 
growth has been soft since the last few quarters. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Kevin, there are two or three things in this. Number one, you have to 
grow and our ticket size is also big. And the repo rate is also low. So 
there are two or three things and your equity is also big. So we have 
done 90 branches. The target was that in the coming time we will do a 
business of INR30 crore, INR40 crore per month. So you can assume 
that your disbursement will be around INR500 crore per month. So if 
your book increases by INR250 crore. So from INR750 crore, then 
your book will be of INR1,000 INR1100 crore. So growth, system, 
infrastructure, team, all these things are complete. 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
7 
 
So there is no issue of growth. And in terms of rate profit, your ticket 
size is big and if the rate is low, your operation cost is also low. So 
there is no impact in NIM. Even if I reduce the rate by 1%, still I will 
get more profit and your PAT, your profit will be more. 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Okay, understood. Sir, the second question is will we see this branch 
expansion continue which is currently at 90? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
No, our target is 100 branches. We have done 90 branches. If our 
INR1,000 crore loan book target is achieve, then we will only make 
10 more branches. Then we will not increase any branch from 100 
branches for the next 2 years.  
 
Kevin Shah: 
Sir, then in that case, your cost to income ratio will not increase from 
60% to 65%? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
No, it will not increase. Till the time your AUM does not increase, we 
will not do any branch expansion. Our expense increase has already 
occurred. Now we are bringing it down. In the next expansion, we will 
only make 8-10 branches. That too after crossing that AUM. 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Okay, thank you.  
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
In the next 2-3 years, there will be no branch expansion program. 
After that, only your AUM will increase. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kevin. We will take the next question from Aditya. Aditya, 
you can unmute and ask the question, please. 
 
Aditya: 
Hello. Hi, sir. Sir, our credit cost used to be around 20-30 basis points. 
Now it is increasing from the last two quarters to around 60 basis 
points. Is there any particular reason for this? Is there any stress in the 
book or in the new geographies? Also, can you tell us the percentage 
of our book in Stage 2 how is it moving quarter on quarter? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, the credit cost you are talking about, earlier it was 2.24% in 
March. Now it is only 1.82%. So, it is lower than before. It is also 
lower than last year. 
 
And in Stage 2, my book is 0.46%.  
 
Aditya: 
Okay, we are not seeing any stress in the asset quality.  
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, actually, you don't face this problem in secured loans. 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
8 
 
Aditya: 
Okay, so in your recoveries, suppose, do you get support from 
SARFESI? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
100% money comes from SARFESI. SARFESI's guidelines are so 
strong and well-made. Earlier, we used to say that it takes more time. 
But now, there is a lot of improvement. Earlier, we didn't get support 
from the administration. We used to get DM orders very late. Then to 
give possessions, to get police support, we used to take a lot of time. 
Now, that has reduced. 
 
So, in your recovery, the delinquency will gradually decrease. It will 
be a little faster. 
 
Aditya: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Aditya. Sir, I have a question from 2, 3 people. First, for 
FY26, what is your target for AUM, disbursement, and branch? And 
second, for 2-3 years, what is your target for AUM, disbursement and 
branch? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, now for FY26, we will do INR1,000 crores plus. I am not saying 
it will increase from INR1,000 crores to INR1,200 crores. But it will 
be more than INR1,000 crores. And our disbursement will be around 
INR400 crores. And our branches, we have 90 branches. We will 
work on those 90 branches. And our target for next year will be 
around INR1,300 INR1,350 crores. And our disbursement will be 
around INR500 crores, and our branches we will increase above 
INR1,000 crores, so there the branches will become 100. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Now, our commitment is for 2 years. As soon as 1 year is completed, 
we will call back after 6 months. Then we will see where it is. But this 
year, if we can cross INR1000 crores, INR 1100 crores, because the 
branches are new and the team is also new. The hope is good. Once 
this is done, then we will move ahead. 
 
Moderator: 
All right, sir. Sir, there are another questions. It is from Ravindra 
Singh. How are you planning to diversify your geographical presence, 
especially beyond Rajasthan? He wants to understand about this. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Look, our diversification has already happened. First, we had 100% 
Rajasthan. Then we started MP and Gujarat. Gujarat was a good 
market for us. Our branches in Gujarat are 22 branches in Gujarat. 
Then we came to Maharashtra from Gujarat. From Maharashtra, we 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
9 
 
came to Karnataka. From Karnataka, we came to Andhra Pradesh. Our 
Tamil Nadu is left. So Tamil Nadu will be included in these 10 
branches. So your portfolio has already diversified.  
 
Let's talk about this March, let's talk about the last quarter. In the 
quarter 4, the new branches that we have disbursed, we have already 
disbursed 26% in Maharashtra. 5% in Andhra Pradesh and 7%, 7.25% 
is in Karnataka. Here, we have 38% Gujarat and 26% Rajasthan. So, 
diversification has already happened. And as the book increases, 
diversification will increase. So, there is no one place position. 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, his next question is how do you differentiate yourself from larger 
housing finance companies or NBFCs targeting the affordable housing 
segment? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, the segment that we have been working on for so many years, we 
want to work on that only. Neither do we want to go to a big ticket site 
nor do we want to go to urban. We work in semi-urban and rural. Our 
mindset is the same. Our team is also the same. We enjoy the work 
there.  
 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. Rupal Ratnavat ji has a question. At older branches, what 
was the average branch-level disbursement rate per annum? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Please repeat. 
 
Moderator: 
In your old branches, what was your average branch-level 
disbursement rate per annum, branch-level disbursement rate? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Actually, we have not made it branch wise. But we have made it state-
wide. So, in the state, if we take the whole year, then we have 
disbursed 29% in Rajasthan, 47% in Gujarat, 15% in Maharashtra, 
2%- 2.25% in Andhra, 2.72% in Karnataka. This is the disbursement 
rate of our portfolio. This is state-wide. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. Sir, the next question is from Akash Pathar. M3 Investment 
Pvt. Ltd. recently acquired 9.17% stake in SRG Housing through a 
preferential allotment. What do they bring to the table? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
What do you mean by M3 Investment? 
 
Moderator: 
They want to know how M3 Investment is able to help you by coming 
onboard.  
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
10 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, the help in equity is the biggest help. Secondly, they have shown 
the whole company's trust, they have put such a big equity together, a 
person puts equity in one piece and if it comes together, then there is 
no long-term vision till then such a big money cannot be put in the 
company. 
 
First of all, thank you to them for their trust and hope it will be with us 
till long term. They have given support and they have also committed 
that whenever you need equity, you don't need to go anywhere. You 
just keep working. This is a very good thing. You get help from them. 
Secondly, when a big group is with you, you don't hesitate to work. 
We have been able to do so much expansion and things are going 
well, if there is a strong base of equity, then we don't have any 
problem in doing business. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We will take the next question from Mr. Aniket C. 
Aniket, you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Aniket C: 
Thank you so much. Sir, first question is that you have recently done 
three fundraise. How does this help your network and credit 
borrowing cost and will this be good enough to reach your INR1,000 
crore target? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Actually, sir, our guideline of NHB is of 12 times. You can leverage 
up to 12 times of your NOF. But in the industry, more than 5 times is 
not possible. In today's date, our 264, if we go to 5 times also, we 
don't need any equity up to INR250, INR1,500 crores. 
 
Aniket C: 
Okay. Next question is that can you throw some lights on senior 
management hiring which will help you to scale up as well as to grow 
in the national geographies? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Yes, 100%. As you can see, the team of pan India is already there to 
grow and is expertized in holding their business smoothly. So, we 
have already made a team. We have experienced people with us. So, 
we have a team of 10, 12 people of HOD, from the finance industry. 
 
Aniket C: 
Okay. So can you detail more about what kind of people have you 
hired? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Like in our credit, he has 15 years of experience. Mr. Jorji, Sanjay 
Vaishy, he is the National Recovery Head. Praphull Dwivedi, he 
works in our Head Program and Technology. Ashish Kothari, he has 
been working in Operations and Product for the past 18 years. He is in 
the industry. He has studied from IIM. Mr. Ashwin Bharadwaj, he 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
11 
 
looks after our risk control. Abhishek Churana, he works in our 
Product and Communications. And in that, we have Suresh ji, he looks 
after our business part. After that, we have a Chief Compliance 
Officer who is a banker. Mr. Shubham Katta, who looks after our HR 
for the past 10 years, he has studied from IIM Kolkata and was 
previously in AU Bank. 
 
Okay. And like this, we have Independent Directors who are also 
bankers. There are three Directors are banker, some are CA, some are 
Compliance Secretary. So, the whole Board is systematic and 
experienced people in the industry. 
 
Aniket C: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Aniket. There is another question from the chat from Mr. 
Arvind Kumar. There is a slowdown in the economy. Is it also 
affecting our company? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
That's a great question, sir. Look, we have been working in finance 
companies for the past 4, 5 years. So, there is something or the other 
in the finance industry every year. There is DHFL, there is ILFS, then 
there is Corona. After Corona, as you saw, there is stress in micro-
finance companies. There is interest in personal loan companies.  
 
So in these finance companies, you cannot always run in the same 
way. So whatever we talk about growth or more than that, when I will 
tell you about growth there is always some stress in that growth in 
which our finance company does nothing. But something like this 
happens in the market. Now, we never had anything in our housing 
finance. Now, AVM has come. So NHB has also tightened. Banks 
have also tightened. Banks have also reduced. So you never know 
where the stress will come from in the economy. The rest is that the 
business is good in rural areas. Demand is also good in rural areas. 
People do not look or do everything runs according to them. Their 
earnings are not too much that anyone can make an impact. Their 
business is like a regular business. 
 
So, there is no problem in business. If there is nothing in the financial 
market, like the situation is going on now, the situation of war is going 
on, things are going on, if there is any impact, then it is different. 
There is no impact in the rest of the business. 
 
Moderator: 
All right sir. We will take a follow-up question from Kevin Shah. 
Kevin Shah, you can unmute and ask your question.  
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
12 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Thank you Sir. Sir, with the decrease in the interest rate, it must have 
helped in NIM. So, sir, this improvement in NIM, in the next few 
quarters on your existing loan book, how will it look?  
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, the impact of the repo rate will have its own benefit. NIM will 
increase. Next quarter will have a good impact. Because we are on a 
fixed rate. The rate that has come down and the book that has already 
been made, in the last few years, the loss was also on a fixed rate. 
Now when it has reduced we will get the benefit. 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Okay sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Kevin. We will take the next question from Anand 
Mundra. Anand ji, you can ask your question please. Mr. Anand 
Mundra, you can unmute and ask your question. Mr. Anand, if you are 
unable to unmute, you can drop your question in the chat box as well. 
 
Sir, meanwhile, Anand ji -- the first question from Anand Mundra in 
the chat box is what is the stage 1 and 2 percent? Stage 1 and stage 2 
percent. Anand, can you elaborate a bit more on this question? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, in stage 1, the on time is 89.23%. And in 0 to 30 days, it is 3.5%. 
And in 30 to 60 days, it is 3.62%. In 60 to 90 days, it is 1.76%. And 
above that, it is 1.84%. Sir, it was written in this that you diversify the 
borrowing mix by borrowing through NCD. And what is the cost of 
borrowing presently? Sir, 49% is from FI, 48% is from banks, 6% is 
from NHB. And NCD has a higher cost that is why they are not able 
to take it. And if NCD is available for more than 5 years because we 
are a housing finance company, then we do not take NCD in the short 
term. 
 
And secondly, we do not take bullet payment NCD. For this, we are 
not able to work much in NCD. And if we get NCD on our terms then 
we will definitely work in it. 
 
Moderator: 
All right, sir. Sir, there is one more question from Akash Patar. Are 
you seeing any demand issue for higher growth and can we plan 
performance marketing through Instagram in tier 2 and tier 3 cities? 
Even though your YouTube channel is good but there is no attraction 
coming there. 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, our loan takers on Instagram and YouTube do not come that much 
and they mostly come on Facebook. We have a page on Facebook. 
And Instagram but there is no lead from there. What happens there is 
that we have a network of branches and our employees in the branches 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
13 
 
do more direct business and in venue marketing, we have canopy and 
do venue marketing that is more impactful. 
 
And secondly, one of our branches works for 50, 60 km. So from 
Instagram we do not get business. Instagram are for the new 
generation but the house makers are not on Instagram. They are their 
parents and their parents take decisions on loans and such things. 
 
Moderator: 
All right, sir. Next question is from Arvind Kumar in the chat box. 
Will you open branches in Tamil Nadu and Telangana in financial 
year 2026? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Yes, sir. The next 10 branches that we will open in 2026 after crossing 
INR1,000 crores we will go in Tamil Nadu and Telangana.  
 
Moderator: 
And the next question is how much percentage of balance transfer in 
FY25? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Sir, balance transfer is 10%, 11%. And the same come back. The same 
goes and comes back. There is a difference of 1%, 2%. 
 
Moderator: 
Anybody else who wishes to ask a question, please use the option of 
raised hand. Sir, since there are no further questions we will come to 
the end of the conference call. Would you like to give any closing 
comments? 
 
Vinod Kumar Jain: 
Let's give a break to this topic. But yes, I would like to say that the 
finance industry due to some other reason, if there is a problem then it 
is fine but the company like ours and the market in which we work the 
market is good and the things are also good. Secondly, our expansion 
and the 90 branches that we have made in the coming time we will 
make a loan book of INR3 crore, INR4 thousand crores on these 
branches. The expansion of our branches will not be much.  
 
We will focus on the productivity of the branch. Now the rating 
people also say that they want 5-7 states so you have to increase the 
rating on that level. And the cost that is increasing as your AUM 
increases day by day then your cost will decrease. If the ticket size 
increases then the option cost decreases. Your AUM increases even if 
your interest is 1%, or 2% less then your man power will not increase 
that much. So the things from all four sides are at a level from where 
we are standing you will see everything very well and properly. 
 
Similarly, we have made a whole model. With this hope your trust 
stays. Thank you. 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 5, 2025 04:10 PM IST 
 
14 
 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the 
call, and thank you to the management for giving us their time. This 
brings us to the end of today's conference call. You may all disconnect 
now. Thank you. 
