 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  June 4, 2025 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Monday, 
June 2, 2025 at 2:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the quarter and 
year ended on March 31, 2025.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- https://macpowercnc.com/  
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
____________________ 
RUPESH J. MEHTA 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 01474523 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Mehta 
Rupesh 
Jagdishbhai
Digitally signed 
by Mehta Rupesh 
Jagdishbhai 
Date: 2025.06.04 
14:16:51 +05'30'

 
 
 
Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
 
Q4 & FY25  
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Mehta - Chairman & Managing Director 
 
Mr. Jai Acharya - Finance Head 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY25 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited. Today 
on the call from the management we have with us Mr. Rupesh Mehta, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Jai Acharya, Finance Head, Mr. 
Kishor Kikani, Company Secretary.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
its performance highlights for the quarter ended 31st March 2025, the 
growth plan vision for the coming year, post which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah. Thank you, Vinayji. Good afternoon, everyone. First of all, I 
earnestly welcome you all to Q4 and FY25 post results conference call. 
We will have a brief about all the overall performance of the company 
for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2025, post which I will take 
your questions.  
 
The financial results and the presentation have been posted on the 
company's website. Hope you all had opportunity to go through the 
same. About the financial figures, I requested our Finance Head, Jai 
Acharya, to give you the quarter-on-quarter and fourth quarter and year-
on-year brief about the numbers and figures. Yeah, Jai bhai. 
 
Jai Acharya: 
Hello and welcome, everyone. I hope you must have got a chance to go 
through the presentation. It has been a fantastic quarter for the company. 
And we would like to state few details for quarter four first. Then we'll 
take up for financial year '25.  
 
So for quarter 4, revenue stood at INR80.01 crore, which is highest ever 
for any quarter of Macpower. Year-on-year growth is witnessed at 12%. 
And quarter-on-quarter growth is witnessed at 33%. EBITDA figures 
stood at INR14.30 crores, with EBITDA margin of 17.87%. Year-on-
year growth witnessed in the same is 11%. And quarter-on-quarter 
growth witnessed is 83%. 
 
Adjusted PAT excluding exceptional item is INR9.76 crore with a 
margin of 12.20%. Year-on-year growth in the same is 10% and 
quarter-on-quarter growth is 117%. Reported PAT for the quarter is 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
INR8.6 crore with a margin of 10.74%. Year-on-year growth in the 
same is minus 3% and quarter-on-quarter growth is 91%. For the full 
year of financial year '25, the revenue stood at INR261.82 crore, which 
is again highest ever for Macpower. Year-on-year growth in the same 
is 9%. EBITDA stood at INR41.54 crore with a margin of 15.87%. 
Year-on-year growth in the same is 17%.  
 
Adjusted PAT excluding exceptional item stood at INR26.61 crore with 
a margin of 10.16%. Year-on-year growth in the same is 10.4%. 
Reported PAT stood at INR25.44 crore with a margin of 9.72%. Growth 
in the same is witnessed at 6%.  
 
I hand over to Rupesh bhai. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, thank you Jai bhai. So now I would like to give you some 
highlights about the key points. As you know that 31st March 2025, we 
have the highest ever pending order book of INR331 crore with the 
advance amount and 168 main machines. We have a pending order 
book. NEXA contribute this time as we discussed in last year, its 28% 
which is also highest ever. 465 machines pending order is with the 
NEXA. Order book including tender, defence is included here which is 
also highest ever. We have right now opening of INR23 crore which is 
the highest. Still, we have another 8 to 9 months. So which is also a 
highest ever INR23 crore from defence.  
 
Bid submitted in defence is INR570 crore. So which is also highest 
because of last 3-4 months we have a lots of new tender is opened. So 
INR570 crore highest ever bid we submitted and under evolutions right 
now is INR505 in a defence and domestic is INR570. So total bid 
submitted is INR1,076 crore which is also highest.  
 
And some of the new product we developed in the last financial year, 
we already developed more than, I think 37 new variant and new 
product, including Drill Tap Center, high speed drill tap center which is 
for the electric EMS sector. And recently we have launched the new 
machines we received the order also, which is two spindle vertical 
machining center with two-pallet changer. It means the four component 
with one machine with the one manpower. So, one machine can give 
the output of four component at a time.  
 
New development for 1.5 meter turn-mill center which is for the 
defence. It is the new product. And in this quarter, we are executing the 
highest ever valued machines for the defence sector, INR2.5 crore HMC 
MHX 800 with the very high speed and very accuracy level is required.  

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
Secondly, we developed a low cost automation for the small scale 
customer where they don't require the manpower for their production. 
So cost efficiency -- low cost automation we developed. DCM series 
we completed now double column and this NEXA we are getting the 
highest ever order for the double column machining center. There are 
seven different kind of the variant we developed. VTL series we 
developed the VTL 1200. We have another model in our basket. So 
totally 37 type of different variants we developed from our strong R&D 
team.  
 
In last year we improved the margin, last quarter four because of high 
valued machines and we increased the backward integrations. We have 
220 people now in sales and service. We are covering now more and 
more cities now almost 39 cities we completed. Right now your 
company have 947 people are working directly as a payroll. Now we 
have increased the number of tech center and branch offices.  
 
So our expense is increased just because of our marketing and sales and 
service. Now Bangalore R&D center also giving us the significant some 
of the research and last year as we promised we increased our CapEx 
also INR12.42 crores for our CapEx we added compared to last year 
INR9.16 crores. So we are adding the CapEx year-on-year. And that's 
why our depreciation also increased because we are adding the CapEx 
and marketing and exhibition. Now we are participating in most of the 
domestic and international exhibition. Now in this coming September 
we are participating in German exhibition which is the largest 
exhibition in the world. Number one exhibition where our focus is to 
capture the export market and we are meeting some of the foreign 
manufacturer for the joint venture also.  
 
And now this month end we are adding another 500 machine capacity. 
So now we have a 2000 machine capacity. After this first July our 
capacity will be 2,500. And secondly I had announced that we installed 
the solar captive consumption. So almost 90% our power bill of day 
because this solar you can utilize in the daytime only, night bill you 
have to pay. So almost 90% daytime power bill is reduced and it is now 
our power cost is reduced. 
 
And previously we not entertain the big client because of the production 
capacity. They required the huge number of machines but now as I told 
you in quarter 3 concall that we will entertain the MNC and big 
corporate client also. Last quarter we supply to the Kirloskar 3 high 
valued machines approximately cost of INR2.5 crore project we done 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
for the Kirloskar. And there are many of the corporate name I will 
announce in the next our meeting.  
 
So -- and I would like to announce that in last meeting we announced 
as usual our dividend policy which we had given a 15% dividend we 
announced for this last financial year. And I would like to tell you as 
that we have a huge order book and huge quotation and tender bid we 
submitted. So according to the trend I hope that this year and this quarter 
also all the four quarter will give you the highest ever revenue with our 
robust order book and bid we submitted with our aggression in the 
marketing and new recruitment.  
 
So these all are the key highlights about the company, and I would like 
to tell you about the new land. There are the 17process. Suppose first 
process is the MoU with the Gujarat government. After that the meeting 
with the Industrial Commissioner, meeting with the Industrial Minister. 
And after that meeting with the Collector, Project submission, there are 
17 page, 17 process. So out of that we completed 10 process. We have 
all the SOP of start to end formality. So 7 process is pending and 16th 
there is a one seminar for the defence and aeronautic industries in my 
city. So Collector is inviting me for this project also on 16th.  
 
So this is the government land and it's required all the NOCs and 
process. Say for example water department there is no our water or any 
dams is passing in this land. So this kind of NOC, electricity will give 
the NOC that our electric line will not be disturbed. So this kind of 
process is the lengthy process. But we already crossed more than 65% 
to 70% formality. We hope that we will complete this all the process 
very soon.  
 
So Vinayji these all are the key highlights and rest of the number of 
machines and everything is in our presentation which is available on 
NSE and Macpower website also, and with the Vinayji's Kaptify team 
also. So now we'll start the next Vinayji. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure sir. Thank you sir. All those who wish to ask a question may use 
the option of raise hand and we'll invite you to ask the question. In case 
you're unable to do that you can just drop a message on the chat and 
we'll call you. We'll take the first question from Tushar Gupta. Tushar 
you can go ahead. 
 
 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Hello hi, sir. Am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes.  
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir and congratulations for good set of 
number. Sir, I want to know once the land is allotted do we see our 
current management is efficient in managing both the plants or do we 
see the need of any other professional at a senior most level to run the 
new plant? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right now, we have a Vice President level Plant Head and my brother 
is also taking care of the manufacturing. And we have a professional 
management, general manager to the quality head to -- we have a 
various 34 departments for the manufacturing. So capability wise we 
have a good HR team. We have 12 people in our plant right now as a 
HR. We have a quality management system. So we have a SOP we are 
following ERP CRM. So system wise we are foolproof. So we need to 
add the few people in a senior level, yes. But recruitment will start once 
construction will completed. So Phase 1, we are adding another 2,000 
2,500 machines. Then we'll shift this plant to the new plant so we have 
5,000. So in five years plan we'll shift all the planning to the new plant. 
So capability wise Tusharji there is no doubt because we have a exact 
job profile organization chart, SOP, auditing systems and we have a 
strong QMS HR team. So 100% we will manage this capacity. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay sir. Sir one more question, sir, as we read in the presentation that 
land will be allotted in July. So sir how much time does it take to add 
2,000 to 3,000 machines to that plant and foundry? How much time 
does it take to install foundry in it? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right now I think we targeted 12 months after we paid the money. In 
our 17 stages, we have to pay the money. So after receiving the land we 
are targeting phase one capacity build up with the few of the things like 
foundry and other thing as a backward integration. It will take 12 
months but maximum we will finish within 10 to 14 months. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay sir. Sir, last question from my side how much cumulative cash 
outflow we can expect in FY26 in land and then in CapEx? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think for the new project stage wise we required the CapEx. In first 
phase we are targeting INR100 crore and second phase another INR100 
crore. So it depends on how much capacity we required according to 
the market need, but initially we required INR100 crore in phase one. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Tushar. We will take the next question from Arnav Sakhuja 
please go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is that in Q3 
our sales were slightly lower because of a bank realization issue. So just 
wanted to check the status on this issue. Has this issue been resolved 
now? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There is no issue Arnavji, but as a policy we decided in Q3 we have an 
exhibition in Bangalore. So we displayed some of the machines which 
is we have to deliver that machine to our customer. That's why revenue 
is not booked because this kind of machine we cannot manufacture that 
much fast. So we display that machines in exhibition and after 
exhibition we had supply all these machine to our customers. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
And what is the status regarding any joint venture discussions that we've 
been having? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In September we have some meeting in Germany because entire world, 
largest world manufacturers are participating in this EMO exhibition 
and we are arranging the meeting with few shortlisted company, 
preferably Europeans that about the joint venture, or about how we can 
utilize their worldwide distribution network. And third thing is some of 
the product we can manufacture in India with their brand name. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
And my next question is, could you give some revenue and profitability 
guidance for FY26? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think it is forward-looking but according to the order book if you can 
go through the order book and bid is submitted which is highest ever 
INR500 crore approximately for the defence sector. I think it is a three 
years tender submitted compared to last three year. If you go through 
that there is only INR150 crore, INR200 crore, INR250 crore. So we 
are expecting that all the quarter will give you the highest ever in 
Macpower history on quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay. Thank you for answering my questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Arnav. We'll take the next question from Pratik Srivastav. 
Please go ahead. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Hello Rupeshji. Thanks again for taking my question. Sir, can you 
please explain about this inventory buildup which we have y-on-y, can 
you please give a little more details on that sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, Just hold on. I'll hand over to my finance. 
 
Jai Acharya: 
Yes Pratikji. Inventory buildup exactly why the figure is increasing or 
what you want to know about that? 
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Yes, yes, yes. Why the figure has increased so much. So can you give a 
more details on that inventory? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, that I told you in our last -- that right now we are not worried 
about the inventory. We have a 19,000 component inventory right now 
and we have more than 375 to 380 different type of the variant. So we 
cannot predict that much exactly which model order we will receive, 
and the lead time and logistic time is too high. Some of the component 
lead time is three month to four month and these all are material Pratikji 
is with the credit. You don't have to pay immediately. Whatever the 
inventory you are using you have to pay. 70% payment is the once you 
utilize then you have to give the payment. So we are not worried about 
the dues we have to pay on time.  
 
So that's why we are increasing the inventory because our order book is 
increased. Once we received the order we ordered our supplier about 
these models inventory which is increasing because if without inventory 
we cannot ramp up the productions. And some of the time we have an 
order but we don't have a material. We have a material but same 
particular model inventory we don't have. So definitely Pratikji this time 
our planning is highest ever in all the quarter. So in quarter-on-quarter 
inventory also will increase. And we are not paying any interest to the 
bank for this inventory because we have some reserve fund also. Our 
supplier is giving the long-term credit also. If we have any financial 
effect with this huge inventory, then only we'll think about reduce the 
inventory.  
 
So inventory definitely Pratikji will increase on quarter-on-quarter but 
it won't affect our interest cost or financial cost.  
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Got it, got it. Sir, one more question. When you say that we will have 
the going -- the next four quarters we'll have highest ever revenue, can 
you give in terms of the percentage wise what sort of increase we can 
see y-on-y and also on the margin front can you give some guidance 
please? 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I cannot give exact number because our challenge is we have a huge 
order. We have a number of segment we are increasing, but the financial 
-- because finance matter sometimes the billing cycle maybe with 30 
days, maybe with 90 days sometimes, with the six month also, because 
their construction, their margin money, their documentation that is also 
a lengthy process. Nowadays government is giving lots of subsidies, 
various type of subsidies. In power some of the state is giving subsidies. 
For construction they are giving subsidies, for CapEx, for interest they 
are giving subsidies. So all the people nowadays taking the loan from 
bank. If they are not taking the loan from bank they cannot eligible for 
these kind of subsidies. So this bank process, PSU this process is 
lengthy. So we cannot predict but according to the production capacity 
we increase, the segment, the basket, distribution network and 
marketing also. Previously we not invested in marketing also.  
 
So with this all the robust order book also we are predicting that we'll 
achieve the good numbers, and which is the highest ever of entire 
quarter-on-quarter in Macpower system. 
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Sir, this is quarter-on-quarter or Y-o-Y? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Y-o-Y, Y-o-Y, highest ever in since last so many years. 
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Thank you sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Pratik. We'll take the question from Dhaval Shah. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yeah hi. How are you? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
How are you, Dhaval bhai? 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Good, good, good. Yes. So just one question related to the fire incident 
we had. So you think there will be any more cost or losses which will 
come in our accounting in the future quarters or everything we have 
taken in this quarter? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No. Everything we have taken in this quarter. There is no -- because it's 
a final survey reports, and submitted to the fire department -- this 
insurance department and they principally agreed with this. And we 
have to give our commitment that we accept and agree. So this effect 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
we had already given. So there is -- there will be no more any further 
fire losses we have to book in quarter one. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay, okay. Thank you. Good luck. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you Dhaval.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dhaval. Anybody who wishes to ask a question please use 
the option of raise hand. Sir, we'll take the next question from Kush 
Nahar. Please go ahead. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Yeah. Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Sir my first question is, since you said that I think July -- till July we 
will be able to get clear with the land allocation. So this INR100 crore 
CapEx that we'll need, it will be immediately in July-August, I think. 
So then how are we planning to raise this kind of fund? Is it -- are we 
open for debt or a fundraiser how are we going to fund this CapEx for 
phase one CapEx? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So initially stage, it depends on the valuation, it depends on our meeting 
with our JV partners. If they required some of the stake, definitely we'll 
prefer them for the strategic partnership for the new fund. Otherwise we 
have some of the reserve fund 20%, 25%, we have a reserve. Some of 
the amount we can plan for the debt. But we are not sure how we will -
- we have two, three different, different option also. So once we'll 
receive the land we'll plan with the help of Vinayji Kaptify, that how 
we'll go through. Maybe we can raise 50% and 50% we will get the 
short term loan also. And we have a reserve fund also. So it depends on 
situation it's created. We have a lots of option right now. So fund will 
be no more that much constraint for our new plant.  
 
Kush Nahar: 
Right sir. Sir, now this JV thing -- so I think the September discussion 
that we're going to have, would that be a final closing discussion per se 
or is it -- because I think first we have met them in January for the 
IMTEX. So by September it will be quite finalized that if we are going 
ahead with them or not going ahead? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In January we had a discussion with Japanese, and a few of the German. 
So we not, right now shortlisted some of the Japanese, because they 
don't allow us to supply to the defence. So we'll discuss about all these 
things. But they are not allow us, if they are coming with us, then we 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
have to sign the METI. There is the one agreement between the 
Japanese government and the Japanese manufacturer that they cannot 
produce the machine for the defence sectors. So we are focusing more 
and more every year and year and quarter-on-quarter with the defence 
only because right now directly we are getting a number of orders from 
the defence factories. But now government is giving the lots of 
privatization. Recently we received the one big order for bomb shells. 
We executed one machine also and in our export market we are focusing 
our bomb shell machine with the automation. So our major revenue 
share we are expecting in coming year is from the defence and 
aeronautics. And Japanese will not allow us. So now we have a 
discussion with the few European companies and this is the primary 
discussion in September face to face. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Right sir. Sir, and if I'm not wrong I think the new CapEx that we'll do 
I think there is a criteria that I think 50% of the capacity has to be used 
for defence, if I'm not wrong. So --  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, yes.  
 
Kush Nahar: 
And we have enough visibility that our capacity will be filled because 
of this push that Indian government is having on defence 
manufacturing.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah. So recently we supply our NCR customer 8 to 9 machines, the 
well high valued machines more than INR8 crore to INR9 crore and 
recently we supplied in last quarter to the bomb shell manufacturer in 
Maharashtra. So now this indirect customer who are the direct they are 
manufacturer of the component of defence that is also included in this 
policy. So we are expecting the significant growth in direct and indirect 
from the defence sector because this year we are predicting is for the 
defence equipment and defence weapons manufacturing year. So we are 
focusing more on this segment only. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
All right sir. Sir, just one last question, can you guide us with maybe a 
strike rate that we have, so like you've said we have tendered for around 
INR1,000, crores worth of orders. So maybe a rough ballpark number 
how much do we expect in terms of inflow for this year or accumulative 
of two years order inflow that you are expecting? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Average Kush bhai, the tender is cancelled also sometimes. Tender is 
not opened up before six months also. But normal trend if we have a 
right now is 10% minimum we are receiving and winning.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Right sir. Okay, sir, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kush. We'll take the next question from Rahil. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rahil: 
Hey, Mr. Mehta. Can you hear me? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, I can hear you Rahil bhai, yeah, please. 
 
Rahil: 
Hi, hi. Sir, firstly margins, are they sustainable at these levels and if 
they can be improved how so? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If the top line will improve the margin, because we have a certain area 
we have a fixed cost. So once our top line will increase the margin also 
will increase. And secondly if we have a more execution of the defence 
sector and more execution of NEXA basket, definitely margin will 
increase. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Rahil, do you have a follow-up question? 
 
Rahil: 
Yeah, yeah. Hi. So this phase one, once started after you have the land 
in July, by when do you think you can complete it and then utilize it 
fully? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think as I told you in my last question, my last answer that after 
receiving we complete the first phase within 12 months, because we are 
discussing with the construction project company also. They offered us 
12 month maximum time as a turnkey project. So we are -- we expect 
that within 12 months after receiving of the land we'll complete this 
project. 
 
Rahil: 
Okay, okay, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rahil. We'll take the next question from Kartik Bhat. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Kartik Bhat: 
Yeah, thank you for taking my question. Rupeshji, so this phase 1 
CapEx that we're planning, the revenue contribution from Phase 1, is it 
likely from H2, FY27, next financial year or will it start from FY28? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think 27, not before that, because 12 months we required to start the 
plant, and after that revenue will start slowly. First quarter utilization of 
50%, 75% second quarter. So gradually we'll increase the capacity so it 
will be on '27. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
Kartik Bhat: 
Okay, sure. And considering the order book of INR330 crores that we 
have, considering the tender that we are submitting in aerospace and 
defence and considering that is a strong focus area for us. So how will 
this pie likely to change? In the next one or two years, how do you see 
this pie changing, what percentage of the order book will be from 
aerospace and defence maybe after two years versus what it is now? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Because as I told last time, Kartikbhai, in the Q3 meeting, that even now 
4% of the Indian manufacturing production in terms of value is market 
share. So 96% of the market we have not captured or we haven't touched 
it or we haven't focused other areas. So gradually we are increasing 
market to increase the share. We have recently focused on aeronautics 
and corporate customers in that area. So there is still a lot of room for 
growth. And if we talk about India's consumption, we are only taking 
2% of it. So we are adding import-substitute products through JV or 
through our in-house capability where we have displayed a lot of new 
products. In Germany, we are adding a product basket with two spindles 
with sub spindle, Y-axis which is famous for medical equipment. We 
are still making a lot of products that are being imported. So for growth, 
we have consumption of 2% and domestic manufacturing market share 
of 4%. 
 
So there is still a lot of room for growth. So I feel that the growth 
journey is smooth up to 10%, 12%. Increasing the distribution network, 
increasing the marketing, increasing the capacity of production, 
increasing the product basket. To do all these actions, we will move up 
to 10%, 12% in an easy way. After that, we will see a little struggle in 
the journey.  
 
Kartik Bhat: 
Okay, that's great to hear sir. Sir, in FY24, we saw almost 20% growth 
in revenue. There were some challenges in FY25, which had a little 
impact. So is it fair to say that you can expect similar kind of growth 
next year as well as FY24? Is that fair to say? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In April of FY24, the first quarter was hit by all the industries. I think it 
was election time in April. So this year, there are no such factors. And 
you must have seen that the GST collection in May, which is also the 
highest ever. April comes because it is the figure of March. But in the 
manufacturing segment, what I see is that even in April, which went 
very bad because the balance sheet is not ready, loans are not being 
approved, the bank audit is going on. It is not so bad comparatively. 
And if you look at GST, it is a good April figure. So if there is no much 
disturbance this year, it will be good. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
Kartik Bhat: 
Okay, that's great to hear. Sir, the last question is the order of INR42 
crores that we got in IMPEX. So what is the approximate timeline? Is it 
in this financial year only, the execution timeline? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There were roughly 170 number of machines in it. Many of the 
machines were booked and billed, they wanted in the same month. So 
many of them have been executed and the rest have been roll over for 
this quarter. So in this order book, some numbers have been roll over, 
they are also there and we executed some in Q4 at the time of execution. 
 
Kartik Bhat: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. And all the best for the coming quarters. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, Kartik bhai. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kartik. We'll take the next question from Advaitya 
Chandhoke. Please go ahead. 
 
Advaitya Chandhoke: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, my question is 
related to capacity utilization. What is the current capacity utilization 
and how much boost would the new plan provide to the overall existing 
production capacity? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right now, last year, we utilized more than 80%. Some of the inventory, 
semi-finished and finished, is forwarded into the first quarter. And this 
financial year, we are planning to cross more than 80%. It's quarter-on-
quarter, but year-on-year, we'll cross more than 80% capacity will 
utilize. It is not the utilization in terms of the numbers. Because if we 
have a small machine, INR10 lakh machine, the average price we are 
calculating for the capacity utilization is INR20 lakh. So our capacity 
right now is INR500 crores. And we'll try to utilize more than 80% 
capacity in this new financial year. 
 
Advaitya Chandhoke: 
Right, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Samarth Nagpal. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Hi, Rupesh sir. How are you? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Hi, Nagpal. I'm good. How are you? 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
I'm good, sir. Sir, I had a question. I think in the last 2-3 quarters, we 
had the same question. If we compare our order inflow with the last 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
financial year, there was a drop in the inflow. I think there was not a lot 
of growth in Q2. There was IMTEX in Q3. So the orders were pushed 
a little. If we look at the orders we received in Q4, I think we received 
an order of 433 machines. And last year, we received an order of 480 
machines in Q4. So, sir, has there been a dry-up in the industry? Has 
there been a phase where the demand has decreased a little? Or has there 
been a supply pressure that the customer is looking at discounting? 
They are buying from somewhere, sir. So we needed a little color on 
that. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The pressure that came in March, everyone wanted machines ready, 
which was a limitation of capacity for us. For this, in Q4, in February 
and March, the machine's lead time is impossible in 2, 3 months in that 
type of machine, you will have to give it with a penalty. In some orders, 
we said that it is impossible before Q1. So that is one reason some of 
our orders have been reduced. And the rest, there has been no significant 
change in the market because in Q4, from order to execution, the overall 
highest ever remains. 
 
So the main reason was that the big clients or the big order book with 
whom we were discussing, because of their delivery issues, we have 
denied them. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Sir, one more thing, our order book, which we have outstanding of 
INR330 crores. Is there any aging in this that there are very old orders? 
And we will have a sort of difficulty in dispatching it. Is there any such 
thing that there are chances of cancellation of orders? INR330 crores. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There is no cancellation policy first. In the rule book of the company, 
the agreement with the customer, in that, we have given a clear cut in 
writing, Nagpalji, that the advance of the order and the cancellation of 
the order is not possible. Number one. On a case-to-case basis, if there 
is an existing customer, or there is an issue of someone's health, or 
someone has suffered a major loss, or there is some uncertainty in the 
company, then in such a few cases, in one or two cases a month, we 
refund on a genuinity basis, or accept order cancellation. Otherwise, we 
do not have a policy of order cancellation here. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Okay, sir. Sir, our geographical penetration, we have also opened 
centers in the last some time. For example, we have opened a center in 
Faridabad. And we have opened more centers in a couple of places. So, 
sir, how is the response coming from opening a center? How is the 
marketing going on there? Is there any conversion coming there or not, 
some color on that?  

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Nagpalji, definitely, when you have a tech center, a display center, 
rather than showing the model at the customer place, it is better to show 
it to the customer that you are showing your premises. Second thing, 
there is also a facility of job prove out there. So the job that the customer 
has to make or what is their target, if they want to make it in two minutes 
or make it in two microns, we can immediately prove it in front of them, 
which builds the customer's confidence and immediately closes the 
deal.  
 
So all these tech centers that we have opened on the distribution 
network, definitely have a very big and good impact. And the utilization 
of those premises, we do some tooling seminars every month, customer 
benefit programs, in which from maintenance to how to increase the life 
of their tool, how to reduce pollution, and how to increase the life of 
their machines. So we do a lot of seminars for the loan process, to the 
banks, to the PSU, to the loan consultant, to give subsidy guidance. So 
there are a lot of big activities happening there at the local level. So 
definitely, this is also a reason that our order book is increasing. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Okay, sir. I think these were the questions. And sir, our capacity is 2,500 
machines now. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, 2,500 machines or INR500 crores. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Yes, I mean including that realization is of INR20 lakhs. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If big machines are made more, then the numbers will be less. If small 
machines are made more, then the numbers will be more. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
No, no, that's okay, sir. Okay, sir. Thank you very much, Rupesh sir. I 
think these were the questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Samarth. We will take the next question from Tushar Gupta. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir, as we see last 
year, we have an average realization per machine around INR19 lakhs. 
So can we see this increasing or it will stay here only? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think it will increase because right now we are focusing on the higher-
end machines more. But we are not worried about the average price. We 
are worried about month-on-month target, we decided. We worried 
about the quarter-on-quarter what we decided. But definitely with the 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
help of higher-end machines like VTL series, HMC series, double 
column series, which are beyond INR1 crore product value, so 
definitely we will increase the average price.  
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Sir, one more thing. As we see Jyothi is entering into making 
of controller in-house. Do we have any plan or any future aim to go into 
this? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I am not aware about any other manufacturer. But yes, we have one 
agreement with one of the company. And right now, we are introducing 
one controller, the name Macatrol, which is available in market and 
almost more than 100 controls with machine we supplied to the 
customer. It is with our controller manufacture and Macpower 
partnership to manufacture this control. Yes, Macatrol is Macpower 
product. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Tushar. We will take the question from Rajesh Bhat. Please 
go ahead. Rajesh? We will take the follow-up question from Pratik 
Srivastav. Please go ahead. Yes, yes, Rajesh. 
 
Rajesh Bhat: 
Rupeshji, thank you for taking my question. Rupeshji, in the last couple 
of calls, you said that there are some customers who find it difficult to 
arrange finances, payment is delayed, because of which they are not 
able to book sales. Is that problem still continuing? Is there a recurring 
problem with our customers? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So year-on-year, the cycle of billing, Rajeshji is based on 85%. Month-
on-month, 65% in April, 65% in May, 75% in June. So month-on-
month, because of the festival season, where there will be Navratri, 
Dussehra holidays, the banks are closed. In the time of Diwali, there is 
a one-week bank holiday. So in some months, 65% in some months, the 
name that has come from the field, 85% of that, 100% in the month-on-
month, the projection that has been obtained from the branch, the bank 
fund does not come in that. And according to that, if we have to plan 
the billing, then we have to increase the booking accordingly. So 65% 
to 85% is the lowest to highest average month-on-month. The more 
banks are closed, there will be no payment on that day. The billing of 
that, Rajeshji, will roll over and go in the next month. 
 
Rajesh Bhat: 
Thank you.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, Rajesh. We will take the last question from Prateek 
Srivastav. Please go ahead. 
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Hello, Rupeshji. Just a follow-up question on the defence order. So this 
defence order to final revenue realization, can you please paint a 
picture, how will the order inflow quarter-by-quarter and when will the 
final, we will see the revenue on the balance sheet starts hitting, sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So the process is, Prateekji, is a little lengthy. The order book that we 
have now, in defence, we call it tender business. In this, the majority is 
defence and PSU companies are there, like BHEL and a lot of PSUs are 
considered in defence. Some sectors are the education sector, which has 
a very nominal tender bid. Now most of it is PSU and defence. In its 
process, when the bidding opens on the portal, you have to study it. You 
get 15 days to 1 month time in it.  
 
We evaluate it. There are more than 100 pages of terms and conditions 
and specifications which we read in our various departments jointly. 
Then we work it out according to the project, costing department, 
design department, various departments. Then after final approval, we 
submit the documentation which is a 50-page submission of experience, 
performance, bank guarantee, all these things, we submit the documents 
with them. After that, their received documents and received bid 
confirmation comes.  
 
After that, according to their urgency, there is a committee there, 
various types of committees. In that, the tender is first opened 
technically. In this, the chances of our cancellation are very negligible. 
If there is a misunderstanding in some documentation or if there is no 
proper understanding somewhere, there can be a chance of 1% or 2% 
rejection. Or they will tell you through RFI that this is missing or you 
have identified something wrong. So you submit it. That process takes 
1.5 months. After that, the commercial opens. In that, RAs are also 
generated, reverse auction in some cases in which RAs start from L1 
price. Its duration is 2 or 3 days. After that, within 1 month, your L1 
announcement, after that, within 1 month, your order comes. In that, 
you get 3 months to 6 months of execution time. 
 
So the orders that come in the last quarter are forwarded in the first 
quarter. And the execution of the last quarter will be less possible in 
many cases. So now the orders received in the first quarter, second 
quarter, and third quarter will be possible for execution. So this is the 
process of ordering and execution. Pratikji. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Pratik Srivastav: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Pratik. Thank you. We will take the last question from 
Shrey Gandhi. Please go ahead.  
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Hello. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, Shreybhai. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
My question is regarding the order inflow which is expected in the next 
2 years in terms of value. If you can quantify that. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Order expectations in this financial year, we targeted what we delivered 
on quarter-on-quarter plus 25%. So we are expecting quarter-on-quarter 
execution versus new order book, 25%. So in terms of value, if say for 
example, we completed INR350 crores, then new order would be more 
than INR360 crores, INR375 crores. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And this will majorly will be from aerospace and defence, 
correct? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We are, I think, covering more than 300 segments. But the major 
segment is first is automobile, aerospace, defence, die and moulds, and 
agriculture. So we have various type of the models for the different, 
different segments. So we are not depending on one segment, one city 
and one model. That is also our policy. Because if some segment is 
heated, then it is not give that much effect. 
 
So we are covering entire segment, entire cities and entire baskets. So 
average wise, our basket is not covering more than 10% to 15% from 
one segment and one city. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you, Rupeshji. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, Shrey. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Gandhi. Sir, since this was the last question, would you 
like to give any closing comments? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you very much, Vinayji and 
Kaptify team to arranging the very good meetings. And I hope that in 
Q1 we will have more participation than today. And thank you very 
much everyone to believing in your company and we are committed to 
give you the significant growth in all the quarter which is the highest 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 2, 2025 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
ever on quarter-on-quarter. Thank you very much again Vinayji and 
your team. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you to the management and thank you to all the participants for 
joining on this call. This brings us to the end of this conference call. 
You may all log off now. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
