NATURAL 
CAPSULES IR 
LIMITED 
7 
  
  
 
 
ACCREDITED 
5 
% 
eke) 
+ 
> 
Mie NAGEMENT S°27E NS 
2 
Me 
CERTIFICATION BODY 
  
™ 
VG - Caps’ 
  
CORP & REGD OFFICE 
: 
“ TRIDENT TOWERS” No. 23, 4th Floor, 100 feet Road, Jayanagar 2nd Block, Bangalore-56001 1 
Phone 
: 080-26561562 / 1571/1573 
/581 URL: www.naturalcapsules.com 
Email 
: info@naturalcapsules.com, CIN No. 
: L85110KA1993PLC014742 
  
To 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, PJ Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 524654 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Date: June 10, 2025 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -— 400 051 
Symbol: NATCAPSUQ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on Wednesday, 4" June 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of transcript of Conference Call held on Wednesday, 4" June 2025. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record 
in compliance 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015. 
Thanking you, 
For Natural Capsules Limited 
Sunil L Mundra 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00214304 
  
  
Unit - 1: Plot No. 7A2, KIADB Industrial Area, Attibele-562 107, Bangalore. 
Tel 
: 08110-645068, Fax 
: 080-27820325 
Unit- If; R.S. No. 84, Perambai Road, Pitchaiveeranpet, Pondicherry - 605 010. Tel 
: 0413-2290833, 
Fax 
: 0413-2293251
SUNIL 
LAXMINARAYAN
A MUNDRA
Digitally signed by SUNIL 
LAXMINARAYANA MUNDRA 
Date: 2025.06.10 12:16:34 
+05'30'

| 
NATURAL 
| 
CAPSULES 
INICIL) LIMITED 
“Natural Capsules Limited 
Q4 & FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 04, 2025 
e 
| 
DVISORS 
til. 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL MUNDRA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
NATURAL CAPSULES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ KISHORE PRASAD 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
NATURAL CAPSULES LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 17

Natural Capsules Limited 
Q4 & FY'25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
  
Moderator: 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY'25 earnings conference call of 
Natural Capsules Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks conclude. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
then 0 on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra from TIL Advisors. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Thank you, Yashashvi. Welcome everyone and good evening. Thank you for joining this Q4 and 
FY'25 
earnings 
conference 
call 
of 
Natural 
Capsules 
Limited. 
The 
results 
and 
investor 
presentation are available on the stock exchanges. In case anyone does not have a copy of the 
same, please do write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you. 
To take us through the results for the quarter and the financial year and answer your questions, 
we have with us today Mr. Sunil Mundra, Managing Director and Mr. Raj Kishore Prasad, Chief 
Financial Officer. We'll be starting with a brief overview of the quarter from Mr. Mundra, which 
will be followed by the Q&A session. 
| would like to remind you that everything said in this call that reflects any outlook for the 
future, which can be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction 
with the uncertainties and risks that the company faces. These uncertainties and risks have 
been included but are not limited to what have been mentioned in our annual reports. With 
that said, 
| will now hand over the call to Mr. Mundra. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Natural Capsules Limited, 
| welcome you 
all to our Q4 and FY'25 earnings call. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued 
interest in our company. As we gather here at the closure of another financial year, 
| would like 
to take this opportunity to reflect on our performance, the progress we have made, the 
challenges we have navigated, and our outlook as we move forward into the next phase of our 
journey. 
Let me begin with a summary of our financial performance for the fourth quarter and the full 
year, along with the relevant comparison to the previous periods. Revenue from operations for 
Q4 FY'25 stood 
at Rs. 44.97 crores, registering 
a growth of 2.61% quarter-on-quarter and 
Page 2 of 17

11.81% year-on-year. EBITDA for Q4 FY'25 came in at Rs. 4.38 crores, a sequential increase of 
2.71% over Q3 FY'25 and a 6.55% rise over Q4 FY'24. EBITDA margin excluding other income 
for the quarter was 9.74%. Profit after tax for Q4 FY'25 stood at Rs. 0.52 crores, a significant 
sequential jump of 392.62% over Q3 FY'25 of Rs. 0.11 crores, though 
it is lower by 46.32% 
compared to Q4 FY'24 at Rs. 0.97 crores. For the full year of FY'25, revenue from operations 
reached Rs. 169.21 crores, an increase of 8.87% over FY'24's, Rs. 155.42 crores. EBITDA for 
FY'25 stood at Rs. 17.52 crores, 
a decline of 12.01% from Rs. 19.91 crores in FY'24. EBITDA 
margin excluding other income for the year was 10.35%, down by 246 basis points from 12.81% 
in FY'24. Profit after tax for FY'25 was Rs. 0.62 crores, a decrease of 88.88% compared to Rs. 
5.55 crores in FY'24. 
Turning to our operational performance, Q4 FY'25 was a stable period for our capsule business 
characterized by steady realization and robust demand, especially in export markets. Towards 
the end of the quarter, we observed a softening of gelatin price in international markets, our 
primary raw material for the capsule business. We anticipate that domestic prices will follow 
soon, which should support improved profitability in the coming quarters. 
A significant development during the quarter was the imposition of an 88% duty by the US on 
Chinese HPMC capsules compared to a 14% duty on Indian HPMC capsules. This has created a 
substantial price differential, opening up considerable opportunities for Indian manufacturers 
in the US market. We are already witnessing a marked increase in inquiries from US customers 
and we are confident that this will translate into a rapid scale up of our HPMC business in the 
US over the current financial year. 
Looking ahead to FY'26, we expect topline growth to be driven by our HPMC capsules, which 
command higher realization and superior profitability. The softening of raw material prices 
should further enhance margins in our gelatin capsule segment. We have already secured firm 
orders 
in the HPMC business, providing strong visibility for improved performance 
in the 
capsule business. The operating environment in our API segment remains challenging with 
industry-wide pressure on product realization due to significant excess capacity 
in China, 
leading to heightened competition and declining prices. As our API facility is part of the PLI 
scheme, we have raised this concern with the relevant Indian government authorities who are 
currently evaluating introduction of a minimum import price for the products manufactured 
under the PLI. We believe such a measure, if implemented, will support the domestic industry 
and improve operational performance. 
As previously guided, our focus this year remains on ramping up capacity utilization across all 
products to achieve cash breakeven. During the quarter, we capitalize the full capacity of our 
API facility and expect this to begin impacting consolidated profitability from Q1 FY'26 with 
associated expenses related to interest and depreciation. We anticipate a meaningful pickup 
in sales from the end of Q2 and sequential improvement throughout the year. 
Page 3 of 17

Moderator: 
Yash: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yash: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yash: 
Our strategic priorities for FY'26 are clear. Drive growth and restore higher profitability in the 
capsule business, focusing on regulated markets and value-added products, ramp up capacities 
in the API segment aiming for cash breakeven and securing the necessary regulatory approvals 
to unlock higher margin business. 
In 
conclusion, 
while 
the 
operating environment 
remains 
challenging, 
we 
are 
cautiously 
optimistic about the opportunities ahead. The recent regulatory changes in the US market, the 
softening of key raw material prices, and our continued investment in capacity and technology 
positions us well for a year of growth. We remain steadfast in our commitment to executing 
our long-term strategies and delivering results for all stakeholders. Thank you. 
| am now open 
to any questions that you may have. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We'll take our first 
question from the line of Yash, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
What is your sort of topline you can expect from the API facility in the first year of operation? 
And what sort of PLI benefits should be budgeting for this year? Any update like in the delay of 
the start of the PLI? Have you taken this matter with the authority because the delay from the 
Pollution Control Board, we have lost production of a year and resulting PLI also? 
Okay. So, Mr. Yash, thank you for asking the question. The topline revenue that we expect out 
of API business in the year one is about Rs. 65 crores. And the benefit from PLI, we expect it 
about 
Rs. 
9 crores. The other suggestion given by you that we should take up with the 
authorities, yes, we have done that. There are many reasons other than the Pollution Control 
Board and then all these reasons are not only our projects, there number of projects which 
have got delayed and we have taken it up with the relevant authorities in the Department of 
Pharmaceuticals. They have assured us that the matter is being taken up at the right level and 
at appropriate time government will resolve the issue. 
On a more conservative estimate, by when do you think you will be able to operate this API 
facility at the optimum utilization level? And also with this new low realization of API, what is 
the sort of topline we can achieve minimum and optimum capacity from the API facility? 
Optimum capacity for such kind of facilities, 
| would say 60% to 70% occupancy of all the 
reaction vessels could be called as optimum capacity. Probably we expect to achieve in the 
FY'28 where at optimum level we expect the revenues or at a minimum level we expect the 
revenues to be in the range of about Rs. 240 to Rs. 250 crores. 
And 
sir given the challenges 
in the 
initial 
scale 
of the API fermentation, what specific 
operational improvement or process changes have been implemented to ensure consistent 
quality and yield at the commercial scale? 
Page 4 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Consistent quality is definitely our goal and we have to make it short by introducing various 
standard operating procedures in the manufacturing torque batches. So both at fermentation 
level and the synthesis batches level. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Yashvi Gandhi from Molecule 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. So my first question 
is on the HPMC line 
segment. So you've already highlighted that there's some pricing pressure happening on the 
Chinese market due to the US tariffs. So can you please elaborate on the execution plan for the 
strategy and how quickly you expect this to reflect in the export volumes and margins? And 
also 
in Q2, you had mentioned about 2 new HPMC production lines which were going to 
contribute to the revenue. So if you could give a breakup of how much revenue contribution 
was there from this line segment? 
Okay. So HPMC capsule business, our first line started 
in Q4 of FY'24. But somehow the 
anticipated exports could not pick up due to severe pricing competition from China. The pricing 
competition was so severe that the local manufacturer in US went to court and got an anti- 
dumping suit which was awarded to them and the results of which came just about a couple of 
weeks back. The Chinese capsules have been levied with 88% duty, whereas Indian capsules 
have been levied with 14% duty. So this places us in a comparative advantageous situation and 
post this anti-dumping duty suit is altogether different from Trump's proposed duty. So this is 
anyway going to be there irrespective of Trump's duties there or not. So a lot of distributors, 
consumers in US have been in contact with us for the last 4 months. And we have done a couple 
of visits to US and we found that there is a good opportunity for scaling up the business fast. 
Last year, our exports to US market were about 10%-11% of our total exports, roughly around 
539 lakhs. And we expect this to go much faster this year and with much better profitability. 
We are expecting to execute our 2 balance HPMC lines quickly. The lines though got delayed 
last year due to one of the reason was of course the less than expected offtake in US market. 
Other was of course our idea to validate the designs of size 00 caps. So now going forward in 
the current year, FY'26, we anticipate that HPMC business, which last year gave us a topline 
revenue of over Rs. 9 crores should give something around Rs. 27 crores of topline revenue in 
the current year. 
| hope 
| have answered all complements of the question. 
Sir, my next question 
is on the execution front. This great execution from your end 
in the 
capsule segment in FY'21 and '22; however, we are constantly missing on our targets and 
guidance, quarter-on-quarter we are worrying about some challenges and delays that are 
happening. So do we see that FY'21 and '22 were just a one-off years and we are not going to 
see any spike. Or can you please highlight the reasons for the same and tell us what do we 
expect from the capsule segment going forward? And what would be the sustainable profit 
margins from this business in FY'26 and beyond? 
Page 5 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Nirbhay Doshi: 
Yes, 
| would say that FY'21, '22 were definitely one-off years in terms because they were back 
with the COVID demand. Post FY'22, there was 
a drop in demand, which increased during 
COVID period and there was excessive pipeline stocks, which slowly tapered down and 
subsequently demand stabilized. There was a drop in demand, which led to drop in our selling 
price, thereby leading to the correction in our margins or reduction in the margin. But post '22, 
we have taken several measures, corrective measures, which are giving us confidence that our 
bottom-line is going to go up now. One of that measure was that our focus on taking away from 
the ROW markets where the prices were low or there was a chance of currency fluctuation 
leading to drop in prices in those countries, going to some of the developed countries market. 
Second, in domestic markets, focusing on large volume, large buyers, companies which are 
Indian 
top 
40, 
50 pharma 
companies. 
And then 
our 
focus 
is 
on 
that we 
consistently 
manufacture our volume goods. So prior to 2021-'22, during '20, 
'21, 
'22, we had done 
a 
significant jump 
in our production capacity by almost 180%-190%, from 7 billion to almost 18- 
19 billion. So if you can notice the turnover increase in last 4 years from Rs. 135 crores in 2021- 
'22, FY22 Rs. 173 and then Rs. 153 and Rs. 166 now. So as you can see, there is a drop from 
FY'23-'24. But post that, again, we have got our momentum back. And there is a growth of 
almost about 9% to 10% in the topline revenue. So we are confident that going forward in FY'26 
and FY'27, 
in capsule business, we should do topline revenues, which should give us the 
incremental revenue in the mid-teens. And going forward in FY'26 also, we should do about 8% 
to 10% growth. So 
| see definitely a good future for capsule industry, especially our company 
where we have been strategizing our marketing and focusing on profitable business. 
Okay, sir and the last question is what the drop in the gelatin prices that you mentioned as a 
decline in the gelatin prices that would also trickle down on the final product realization, right? 
Yes. 
So do you expect the revenue growth to 
still remain subdued this year? And does the 
profitability get impacted or is it the other way around? 
No, 
| said drop in gelatin prices, gelatin is our raw material. So 
| think this will lead to increase 
in our bottom-line. 
| don't foresee any drop in our selling price. Our selling prices are going to 
go up because of our change in marketing strategy, change in our product composition like 
HPMC revenue going up. So the bottom-lines are going to definitely go up. Gelatin prices drop 
will increase our bottom-line. 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nirbhay Doshi from Western Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, congratulations on decent sets of results. Sir, on API side, significant delays from both our 
side and pollution board, the API CAPEX has doubled from Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 200 crores. This 
has levered our balance sheet. But sir, revenue is not yet to flowing, so our net realizations are 
Page 6 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Nirbhay Doshi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Nirbhay Doshi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Madhur Rathi: 
down. On 
a board level view , how do you expect this capital allocation decision given the 
current profitability and balance sheet impact? 
Yes, Nirbhay, thank you for asking the question. The API project had suffered delays due to 
various reasons and majorly it was due to governmental statutory approvals which got delayed. 
Now you mentioned that the increase in capital outlays was from Rs. 100 to Rs. 200 crores, 
which 
| would say need to be seen in a correct perspective. At Rs. 100 crore, the capacity of the 
project was at a much lesser level. 
It was at about 17 metric tons of API production. Now the 
revised outlay, actual outlay is about Rs. 167 crores of this thing. With the other expenses 
capitalized, it is coming to CAPEX block of Rs. 200 crores. So the increase in the CAPEX from Rs. 
100 to Rs. 167 crore had made the capacity increase from 17 to 37 metric tons. So this increase 
became necessary keeping in mind our commitment given under PLI scheme for 3 products 
and which we hope to capitalize upon now once we start the full-scale manufacturing in steady. 
Your question about the capital allocation. Capital allocation 
is done based on the decision 
taken 
by the board of directors, based on the opportunities, marketing opportunities and 
strategic decision-making. 
Secondly, 
| see that you have capitalized the entire asset. But there is no major difference in 
depreciation and interest cost. Why so? And sir, what would be the depreciation and interest 
cost on conso level from the next quarters onward? 
Okay. So depreciation and interest, we did capitalize at the end of the quarter. So there was no 
significant impact on the depreciation of the quarter Q4 of FY'25. However, going forward, we 
see that depreciation would hit us by about Rs. 2.3 crores and interest of about Rs. 1.5 to Rs. 
1.55 crores from the subsidiary company giving an impact to the consolidated balance sheet. 
Okay, sir, perfect. And sir, lastly, 
in case the profitability of the capsule business does not 
improve, how do we plan to finance the working capital requirement and that will come up 
from the API facility? So if through debt, what is the peak debt we can expect at console level? 
Profitability of capsule business is definitely going to improve. We are confident about it. But 
in 
a scenario if the profitability doesn't improve, how are we going to finance the working 
capital? Working capitals are well financed at the moment. We are well financed on the capital 
and the incremental working capital need will be met by the internal accruals. Total debt 
position of the consolidated group level at the moment is about Rs. 102 crores and we hope 
that it will remain around the same level probably going forward by FY'26. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was on API plants. At this Rs. 65 crore revenue, 
what kind of margin or at what level of losses can we expect for this year? And the second one 
Page 7 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
was, sir we see that the fermentation of these APIs are very difficult to scale up since we have 
been two months since we have commercialized this, how has the scaling up been for this 
product? And in pricing terms, how are you pricing currently for the API? Like, based to either 
prior year or earlier? 
Yes, so API current year we have estimated about Rs. 65 crore of topline revenue. We expect a 
modest EBITDA margin of about 7% because our idea 
is that we will be selling to mostly 
companies which do not require any kind of approvals. So which we expect these margins to 
improve in the coming year once we get into a better quality of customers. Now you mentioned 
about the scale-up challenges. Yes, scale-up challenges are there in all the projects, but we 
have taken measures so that all the scale-up challenges are met sufficiently and we don't 
encounter any surprises. Now regarding the prices of these API, as you might be aware that all 
the APls 
are facing 
a sudden 
slide down 
in the terms 
of pricing. 
Basically, there 
is 
an 
overcapacity across China as well as maybe to some extent in India, then there is maybe less 
than expected growth in demand, which has led to a slide down in the pricing. Compared to 
last year, 
| think the prices have slided downwards by about 12% to 15% in most of the other 
segment of APIs. 
Got it. What was the quality expected from this product? Are we able to manufacture to that 
quality or do we need some further improvement going forward? 
The product quality is a basic requirement if we have to sell. So basically we are selling all 
pharma grade products so they will have to comply with the pharmacopoeial standard. So 
quality is not an area of concern which 
is always have to be met. Whereas the yield of the 
process 
is an area where we need 
little improvement and where 
| am confident with the 
continuous monitoring of the ongoing batches and continuous constant improvement in R&D, 
we will be able to achieve the yield levels matching to the industry standard. 
Got it. Sir, on the capsule side, if 
| consider, there's my question here, two questions, sir, how 
much percentage of our capsule revenue of the Rs. 170 crore we got last year would be coming 
from regulated markets? And sir, what is the margin differential that we sell to the regulated 
markets versus our selling into domestic or rest of the world market. And sir, how big could be 
the US opportunity? That is the first question. And sir, how much was catered earlier by these 
Chinese players? 
Out of Rs. 170 crore, our exports to some of the regulated and semi-regulated markets, our 
total exports was about Rs. 48 crore. So 
| would say, exports to regulated markets like US and 
probably Canada, the markets like Brazil, South Africa, were about Rs. 20 crores. So we did 
about Rs. 20 crores of exports out of 170. Now, talking about the US opportunity in terms of 
these latest changes in the duty structure, 
| foresee that we will significantly improve our 
business to US. Currently, we did about Rs. 5 crores. 
| think going forward, we anticipate that 
Page 8 of 17

Madhur Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
this could increase to about Rs. 20 odd crores. Rs. 22 crores is what we expect. So, jump in the 
US business, which will definitely come with a better margin than our current margin. 
Got it. And sir, if you could just give me a broad range of what would be the margin difference. 
So if we made 10%-11% last year and in a steady state we expect it to go to 15% sir, would the 
margin of the regulated market be 25% or even higher than that or lower than that? 
Regulated market margins are definitely better. 
| can't say that 
it would be 25% and the 
domestic margins are 10% to 12%, regulated market could be about 17%, 18%. But at the same 
time, last year and a half, the geopolitical situation caused all the international freights to go 
up and down and that was a big drain on the bottom-line on that. So freight, especially on the 
sea freight and 
air freights cost had gone up 
in some of the shipments. So 
it was down. 
Otherwise, margins are better, 
| would say, by 7% to 8% EBITDA margin. 
Got it. So, just a final question from my end. Sir, if | look at the industry landscape, ACG is like 
the biggest player that we can, based on our research findings. Sir, how do we gain customers 
or what 
is the value proposition of Natural Capsules when pitching to clients and gaining 
customers versus ACG or any other player globally? 
Yes, that's a good question. ACG is the biggest player in the market with almost closing 50% of 
the market share, whereas we are close to 10% market share. ACG, because of being an 
entrenched player, more than 60-year-old company, so they had much bigger customer share 
and 
| mean of the bigger companies and those of the regulated market business. So now the 
strategy, we are working on strategy, how to gain customers from ACG. ACG has got a very long 
lead time on delivery side. We are, because of the virtue of our own high speed machines, we 
are able to deliver quickly. Our quality is at par with ACG and our pricing is competitive as 
compared to ACG and therefore we are able to convince the customers of ACG or other larger 
players like Capsugel Lonza and we are able to supply those and thereby acquire more new 
customers. 
Sir, that was very helpful. Thank you so much. Sir, just a clarification, sir. We are planning to 
make team spend a growth in our capsule division for this year, right? 
Yes, there are two HPMC lines which were supposed to come last year, got delayed, but now 
they are on track. So currently, two more HPMC lines are getting added. 
Okay, so on this mid teen revenue growth, what kind of margins can we expect? Can we expect 
some improvement over the 10%-11% depressed margin that we did last year? 
The incremental revenue definitely should be higher than last year's business because they're 
expecting the incremental business to come from export markets and 
| anticipate that those 
revenues should be much better. So 
| would say they will be in the range of about 18% to 19%. 
Page 9 of 17

Moderator: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
So thereby our overall margin should improve from current about 10, 11 to 10.5% to 14%, 
especially standalone on the capsule business, for the overall business. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Praveen Sharma, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
My first question is, is there any anti-dumping duty placed by US on gelatin capsules also or it 
is only on HPMC? 
It is only on HPMC, not on gelatin. 
Okay, because 
| was reading somewhere it was higher gelatin so maybe okay. So basically, what 
is the share of the Chinese player currently in HPMC capsule as far as US is concerned? What is 
the space which is going to be vacated by them? 
I think the US market at the macro level is about in the range of about 110 billion capsules and 
the domestic production is hardly about 20-22 billion capsules there. The rest of 90% of it was 
getting imported from China. So there's a big amount of opportunity there. 
| think they are 
vacating almost about 80 billion capsules capacity which is coming up. At the same time, having 
said that, Chinese are also trying to put up very quickly some plants in US, all that said and 
done, but still there will be big opportunity for companies like us. 
And you don't think that they will be dumping those capsules here in India once they are 
prohibited from US? 
| think there is an import duty already in place, 30% import duty is there in India on gelatin 
HPMC capsules. 
Okay. And sir, what is the gelatin capsules, apart from the prices which will boost our margins, 
do we see demand pick up as far as these are concerned? 
| would like to submit that demand for capsules has always been growing. There has been never 
a degrowth. It grows at a consistent rate of 6% to 7%. Why there is a sudden up and down in 
the demand supply gap is due to the periods of excessive capacity addition and periods of no 
capacity addition. So 
it plays in between. So 
| would think that during COVID period, 
a lot of 
capacity got added and there was a huge demand. Subsequently, there was a drop. So now the 
demand and supply gap is stabilizing at the macro level. And at company level, we are already 
well placed with orders backlogs of about 3 to 4 weeks on most of the sizes. Our target at this 
point of time is to improve our customer profile by concentrating more on large volume, large 
value, large profitability business and customers. 
Page 
10 of 17

Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Okay. And sir, basically in the capsules being in the excipient category, is there any entry barrier 
means how difficult it is for somebody to start new lines and just start putting up, setting its 
production or it takes approval from the end customer and it takes time to do that? 
Yes, though the capsules are an excipient category, they are important component of any 
finished capsule product because the product needs to be filled at the customer place. The 
capsule 
is 
a fragile product. 
It 
is transported through air conditioned transportation. And 
nowadays, the capsule filling equipment is very high speed. So if the capsule formation is not 
as per the expected lines and they're suitable to the machine, 
it will lead to rejections. And 
therefore, customers generally do not change their supplier just because somebody is offering 
a little less price. So there is a consistency from the customer end also. And therefore, any new 
entrant coming into the industry also would require some time to stabilize this quality, gain 
entry into some of the large volume customers. And therefore, there is some sort of an indirect 
entry barrier there. 
Great. Sir, my last question is on the API. So you said, if 
| heard correctly, the depreciation and 
interest is 1.5x. So yearly it is Rs. 16 crore, correct? 
Yes, sir. 
| think it will be about roughly, quarterly about Rs. 3.824 crores. Yes. 
Okay. And we expect to make an EBITDA of Rs. 7 crores and over and above that PLI of Rs. 9 
crores. So that should offset it, correct? Is my understanding correct? 
Yes, we said 7% EBITDA. So that should be something like about Rs. 4.5 crores or so. 
Okay. And Rs. 9 crore PLI, correct? 
Yes. 
So it should be around Rs. 12 crore of. Okay, okay, okay. So this year should be some kind of 
loss at that level and at console level capsule should take over and deliver the profitability? 
Yes. 
Last question on the same is that we were supposed to get Indian approval and European 
approval for the API. So what is the status on that? 
So Indian approval in sense the local drug licensors, GMP are already received. The WHO GMP, 
which is also issued by the Indian authorities, is expected by this year end. European CEP filing 
is going to happen by this year end and we expect CEP approvals by Q3 of FY'26. 
So without GMP approval in India, we can sell it to the Indian customers domestically? 
Page 11 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Praveen Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
No, no, no. Without GMP approval, you can't sell. 
| said GMP approval is already in place. It's 
WHO GMP. There is another round of GMP inspection done in guidelines with the WHO. That 
is expected by December this year. 
Okay, great, great, sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the 
line of Manan Shah from Moneybee 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you mentioned on the API side we are not yet at the 
industry average yield. So at what yield are we and what would be the industry average yield? 
That will change the product to product. So 
| would say for any X product like betamethasone, 
probably the industry yield, we are the only manufacturer at this point of time in India. 
| would 
compare it with Chinese. Chinese are in the range of say 42%. We are at about 34%, something 
like that. So we need to improve the yield to become competitive with reference to the Chinese 
prices. 
Okay. And have you been able to identify areas or ways how you can improve this yield and the 
margin guidance that you gave of 7%, is that assuming your current yield or the improved yield? 
So the margin guidance is given as per the current yield only and as to the efforts are being 
made to improve the yield on 
a continuous basis because in 
a plant like API manufacturing, 
R&D is a continuous effort and therefore we are hopeful that as we go by, as time passes, the 
more and more batches, the yields will improve and as we work on new technologies, new 
routes of synthesis, yields are definitely going to go up. 
Okay. Then you mentioned on the HPMC lines which were expected to be delivered last year. 
Now when are you expecting them to be delivered and then get into commercial production? 
Yes, we have lined up now since we are seeing sudden demand pick up from the Western 
markets. We have lined up one to come in Q2 and other one maybe by end of Q3. 
Okay. And on the capital side, then your current lines are fully utilized or there is still potential 
to get better production out of the current line? 
So current lines are generally we work on 100% capacity utilization. Last year, our capacity 
utilization are about 94%. So, the growth will come maybe to some extent by utilizing a 
little 
more optimum utilization of capacity, then by proving the profile of the customer. So that 
would also add to the bottom-line as well as the topline. Some of the low end customers where 
Page 12 of 17

Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
we sell the same product at a slightly lower price, we cross over to new customer where the 
pricing is higher and the bottom-line is higher. 
Okay, but you also said that we are looking at a 15 or a mid-teen sort of revenue growth, right, 
for the capsule business? 
Yes. 
So you are saying the primary driver in that is going to be the realization and not the volume? 
Realization is one and of course the addition of HPMC capacity. 
Understood. And in terms of margin for the capsule business, is it fair that we can target a mid- 
teen sort of a margin for this year? 
Yes, we are looking at margins in current year to the range of about 14%, 14.5% on an aggregate 
basis. On HPMC, definitely it will be higher. And therefore, the HPMC, the volumes are going 
up. We expect this current level of 10.5 to go up to 14. 
Okay. And on the API side, we were undergoing a stability study with various customers. So 
where are we over there? And when do you expect these customer approvals to come through 
and you can start selling with the approved customers where the margin profile can be higher? 
Yes, so our products are in stability studies of various customers. So far we have supplied our 
samples to almost 33 customers. In 2018, we have started supplying. Going forward, once the 
stability studies of more customers get approved, our volume of business will increase. Stability 
studies the customers do at the formulation level, that depends on what grade of customers, 
which market they are selling. Therefore, stability studies is some type, for some companies, a 
basic requirement. But for some companies, extended acceleration stability studies become 
required. Some of those who want to go for 
a regulated market, requirements are much 
tougher. 
So how long do these generally last? Because 
| believe we've been doing this for at least 6 to 8 
months now. 
Yes. So 
| think the Indian companies would look for about 6 to 9 months of stability studies. 
Whereas those who are wanting to go for US and all, they would look for 18 months of study. 
Okay. And the quality that we were able to manufacture out of the commercial batch was at 
par from the kilo scale batch or there was any improvement or deterioration or anything on 
that part? 
Page 
13 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
So 
| answered that question. Quality is a basic requirement. We can't sell anything less than 
the quality expected by the customer, which 
is also the quality standards defined by the 
government in pharmacopoeial. So basically quality is always has to be matched. Then only you 
can supply that. 
Okay. And currently we've only commercialized dexamethasone, right? 
No, we are selling dexamethasone and derivatives. We are selling betamethasone derivatives 
and 
prednisolone 
derivatives, 
hydrocortisone 
derivatives. 
Earlier 
we 
were 
importing 
intermediates from China and converting them into base API and derivatives. Now we are 
trying to backward integrate, having our own intermediates manufactured here in the site and 
sell the same API, which we have been selling earlier using the Chinese. 
Okay, so as and when we are able to make these intermediates, our margins should also 
improve? 
Yes, absolutely. 
Okay, and what is the debt repayment obligation for current year? 
Debt repayment obligation at the subsidiary level, API level is about Rs. 6 crores, Rs. 5.5 crores 
to Rs. 
6 crores. And 
at the parent company level, about Rs. 4 crores. So 
| think total debt 
repayment is roughly around Rs. 10 crores. 
Okay, but you also mentioned that we are looking to maintain the gross debt. So we are looking 
to refinance it primarily? 
Yes, probably. Yes, could be because of the increase in working capital. 
As our topline goes up, we might seek additional working capital. 
Okay. Understood. And 
last question, sir, on the API, our subsidiary, 
| believe there was 
a 
clawback clause, which 
| think gets triggered by end of current year, right? 
Can you please repeat the question, drawback clause? 
Clawback clause, yes. 
Okay. You are referring to the investment done by private equity? 
Yes. So 
| believe we won't be meeting the targets that were set, right? 
Page 14 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Manan Shah: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Yash: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yash: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
So that clawback clause 
is referring to FY'27 actually. FY'27 
is 
a year in which the investor 
wanted the clawback to be given. But we have requested the investor also to extend it by a 
year or so. 
And the investor has agreed? 
Informally, they have agreed. Of course, not in writing. Informally, they have agreed. 
Okay. Thank you. One last question. Sir, one last question on the PLI side. This PLI incentive will 
be largely recorded in the Q4 or it will be evenly spaced out throughout the year? 
No, the government rules permit quarterly release of these funds. We expect of course our 
major ramp up happening in Q3, Q4. So we expect it to receive in Q3, Q4. 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question from Yash, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
In the API business, can you please share a roadmap of achieving the regulatory approvals like 
by when we can expect which approval and by when we can expect the commercial supply in 
the regulated market? 
Yes. So in regulatory approval, there are two major approvals 
is from Europe and from US. 
Target is that we are expecting our WHO GMP audits to take place by Q3 of the current financial 
year and receive the approval by Q4 of the current financial year. We start filing our CEP and 
DMFs by Q4 of this current financial year. CEP is for European Union approvals where they 
require about 9 months of review and post review, they grant the CEP. We expect the CEP grant 
to happen by Q4 of next financial year. Similarly, DMF requires about 12 to 18 months of review 
by the customers and by the regulatory authorities. We expect that to happen by Q3 of FY'28. 
And there, after both the Europe and the US business, once the DMF and the CEPs are reviewed 
and approved by the customer or the regulator, then we start inviting queries and audits. 
And 
sir given the increasing focus 
on 
regulated 
markets, what additional investment 
in 
compliance are planned for the next 12 to 14 months? 
| think the site is being constructed and all the facilities erected keeping in mind the regulatory 
requirements. So fundamentally, there 
is no major investment required other than maybe 
incremental requirement of some of the equipment which could be specifically required for 
those regulated market requirements like particle size unit, PSD units and 
all that. 
| don't 
foresee any major expenses. 
Thank you. We have 
a question from the line of Ratnakar Gokhale, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 
15 of 17

Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ratnakar Gokhale: 
Sir, good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is related with the growth we 
are expecting in the coming year. So out of this 170, what we have done, what is the revenue 
percentage of the capsule business and how much have we done from the API business? 
So 
| think it is majorly capsules only, API business was very marginal, just about Rs. 1.26 crore 
because basically in API business we are selling only for sample submissions. 
Okay. So, and out of this, then, after this 170, we have done approximately Rs. 5 crore from 
the export to USA, if | understand correctly. And that is expected to go to, let's say, Rs. 20 crores 
in the coming year. So we are expecting a Rs. 15 crore jump from the USA business. But for the 
company as a whole, in order to, let's say, get a 15% revenue jump, we will need to reach the 
target of Rs. 195 crores or Rs. 200 crores, out of which about Rs. 15 crores is going to come 
from USA supposedly. Where would the next balance of the Rs. 15 or Rs. 10 crores will come 
from? 
Yes, see the US exports 
is one part of exports of the HPMC capsules. So there will be still 
capacity in HPMC lines remaining which we intend to sell in India and other parts of the world. 
We anticipated the increases coming more out of the HPMC business. 
So 
if you are expecting 10%-15% growth there, then on company level, how much 
is the 
revenue growth that we expect in the company? 
No, 
I said the company level revenue is about Rs. 195 to Rs. 196 crore, which means about Rs. 
25- Rs. 26 crores of incremental business, out of which about Rs. 15 crore can come from US. 
Another Rs. 10 crore will come from HPMC business, incremental increase in margin of gelatin 
coming from other sources by selling it to better customer profile. So that is how the revenue 
is going to come. 
And so once this API in supposedly in the next year API all start firing the dexamethasone and 
then rest of them, then how much right now they're contributing 1% to the revenue? How 
much do we expect them to contribute in the next year to the revenue of the? 
So next year we are anticipating about Rs. 65 crore of revenue from the API business on 
a 
console basis to Rs. 60 crore. So roughly there will be about 27%, 25% to 27%. 
So if at all the API business is going to ramp up to that much, then should this not, the entire 
revenue, should this not go up a little bit more than Rs. 195 crores? 
| said if API business is going to contribute 27% of the revenue. 
Yes. 
So if 195 is the total turnover which we expect? 
Page 16 of 17

Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
No, so the total turnover on console basis will go up to 260. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil 
Mundra for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Yes, thank you for joining the call. Please be assured we are working very hard to regain growth 
and profitability and we'll keep communicating and updating you and our progress. Thank you. 
Thank you everybody. 
Thank you. On behalf of Natural Capsules Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 17 of 17
