EPC 
REAL ESTATE 
MAN INFRACONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
(CIN: L70200MH2002PLC136849) 
May 23, 2025 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MANINFRA 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533169 
Sub.: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) - Transcript 
of Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated May 12, 2025, intimating about the Q4 FY25 Earnings 
Conference call for Analysts and Investors. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), the transcript of the Q4 FY25 
Earnings Conference call held on Tuesday, May 20, 2025 is enclosed. 
The aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company's website at 
https://www.maninfra.com/analyst-corner/. 
Kindly take same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Man Infraconstruction Limited 
Durgesh Dingankar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: F7007 
Encl: As above 
L 
I 
v 
E 
B 
E 
T 
T 
E 
R 
. 
~~~ 
12'h Floor, Krushal Commer~1al Campi.ex, G.M. Road, Chemb~r (west), Mumbai - 400 089, India ~~
:'' ·i.;.i 
II +91 22 4246 3999 I II off1ce@marnnfra.com I l'.l'J www.m1clgroup.com I www.maninfra.com ~ ~ 
. ~ 
L!!J~ 
DURGESH 
SUHAS 
DINGANKAR
Digitally signed by DURGESH SUHAS 
DINGANKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9108, 
2.5.4.20=8c7b193392f7a480ae20a67e5f4ad
d4698e12763a58a5bc1f13f05f3ca32c043, 
postalCode=400606, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=c14870eb41544078e6d79d2
077b30fc53c9ea8283ca9588779b67513eb3
34af7, cn=DURGESH SUHAS DINGANKAR 
Date: 2025.05.23 11:42:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Man Infraconstruction Limited 
Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2025 
 
 
 
            
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. ASHOK MEHTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. YASHESH PAREKH – DGM – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND CORPORATE FINANCE 
 
 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Man Infraconstruction Limited Q4 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashesh Parekh, DGM of Investor Relations & Corporate 
Finance for opening remarks. Please go ahead, sir. 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to each one of you attending the earnings call of 
Man Infraconstruction Limited for the period of Q4 and FY '25. Today we have with us Mr. 
Parag Shah, Chairman Emeritus of the company; Mr. Manan Shah, the Managing Director of 
the company and Mr. Ashok Mehta, the Whole-Time Director and CFO of the company. 
 
I would request the participants to keep the con-call discussion strategic in nature. If you have 
any specific data related questions, I would request you to get in touch with us post the con-call. 
Thank you. 
 
Now, without taking much time, I hand over the con-call to Mr. Manan Shah, who will take you 
to the company's performance. Over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Manan Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you, Yashesh, and a warm welcome to all participants joining 
us today for the earnings call of Man Infraconstruction Limited for quarter 4 of FY '25. It's a 
pleasure to connect with you all again, and I truly appreciate your time and continued interest in 
our journey. 
 
Before we dive into company's operational and financial performance, I would like to briefly set 
the stage by touching upon the broader macroeconomic landscape that has provided a strong 
foundation for the real estate and infrastructure sectors in India. 
 
Mr. Parag Shah, Chairman Emeritus, had some unfortunate meeting come up, so he has to leave, 
so we would be continuing the meeting without him. Macroeconomic tailwinds driving growth 
for the year FY '25 has been a defining year for the Indian economy and by extension, for the 
real estate industry. Several positive macro indicators have come together, enhancing the sector's 
momentum. 
 
The Reserve Bank of India has reduced the repo rate by 50 basis points in last few months, 
bringing it down to 6%, leading banks to offer home loan interest rates at about 8%. This has 
meaningfully improved affordability for homebuyers and encouraged purchase decisions, 
particularly in the premium and luxury housing segment. 
 
Mumbai recorded over 1.41 lakh property registrations in the calendar year of FY 2024, the 
highest in the past 13 years according to a report shared by Knight Frank. This represents an 
11% growth over 2023 year, while stamp duty collections rose by 12% year-on-year, totalling 
over ₹12,000 crores. The property registrations continue to scale new highs even in the first 4 
months of the calendar year 2025.  

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Demand across residential segments remains strong and sustained with infrastructure upgrades, 
changing consumer preferences and aspirational lifestyle driving buyers' interest. The 
infrastructure projects such as Mumbai Trans Harbour Link, Coastal Road project and upcoming 
metro corridors have significantly improved regional connectivity and are unlocking a new 
growth micro-markets. The Coastal Road project could certainly help our projects in South 
Mumbai. 
 
Lastly, the macroeconomic outlook remains favourable with the GDP growth for FY'25 
projected at 6.5% to 7% and CPI inflation expected to moderate to 4.8% by March 2025, creating 
a conducive environment for long-term investments in real estate. 
 
Moving on to the company performances. Amid this supportive macro backdrop, FY'25 has been 
a year with new milestones for Man Infraconstruction Limited, where we've not only achieved 
record breaking sales, but also sharpened our focused strategies, launched new projects and 
continued to strengthen our financial position further. 
 
Let me take you through our achievements for the year. First, in terms of sales performance, for 
the full year, we have achieved a record breaking number of ₹2,251 crores, which is about 3x 
higher than FY'24 sales of ₹744 crores, marking the highest ever annual sales in MICL's history, 
so far. For the quarter ending Q4 - FY2025, we achieved sales of ₹743 crores compared to ₹391 
crore in quarter 4 of FY '24, a growth of nearly 90% year-on-year. 
 
To come down to the carpet areas sold, in the year of FY'25, we sold a total carpet area of 
approximately 8 lakh square feet, up from 3 lakh square feet in FY'24, again a growth of more 
than 160% year-on-year. While in the quarter 4 of FY'25, we sold 3.2 lakh square feet of carpet 
area, more than double the 1.5 lakh square feet sold in the quarter 4 of FY'24. 
 
Jumping down to the project performances, our projects like Aaradhya OnePark in Ghatkopar 
and Aaradhya Avaan at Tardeo, launched in 2024, have been significant contributors, totally 
selling over more than ₹1,600 crores in inventory till date and achieving about 40% of total sales 
potential. These projects have redefined luxury in their respective micro markets. 
 
During the quarter 4 of FY 2025, we also launched a mid-luxury to luxury project, JadePark at 
Vile Parle West, which is also one of the largest and one of the first kind of cluster development 
projects on S.V. Road, Vile Parle West. 
 
The balance two towers of Aaradhya Parkwood, which is near Dahisar toll naka, was also 
launched in Q4-FY25, where also we received an overwhelming response and more than 50% 
inventory is sold over there. 
 
Together, we launched around 5.7 lakh square feet of carpet area for sale in quarter 4 of FY 2025 
with an estimated sales potential of ₹1,600 crores and we have already clocked sales of nearly 
₹700 crores till date. This translates to sales of about 45% of total potential achieved in just a 
matter of 4 to 5 months since its launch. 
 
Our recent delivered projects such as Aaradhya Evoq, which is one of the most luxurious project 
of Juhu while Aaradhya OneEarth, which is the mid-housing to luxury project at Ghatkopar East, 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
are now 100% sold out. Among our completed portfolio of 2.8 million square feet, we are nearly 
100% sold out with negligible to none inventory available in hand. 
 
Focusing on strategic portfolio realignment, in the year of FY'25, we undertook a strategic call 
to realign our portfolio and to concentrate more towards mid to luxury sector in the residential 
side of Mumbai. We also exited the balanced development rights of the Phase 3 of the project 
which is located near the Dahisar toll naka, resulting into enhanced cash flows and improved 
profitability for the project as well. 
 
Post this realignment, our real estate portfolio now stands at 4.8 million square feet across 
various locations like Tardeo, Marine Lines, Pali Hill at Bandra West, BKC, Vile Parle West, 
Goregaon West, Ghatkopar East, Dahisar and Mulund. 
 
I would now like to draw your attention on the upcoming launches planned by MICL in the 
coming year. Looking ahead, we plan to launch multiple new projects in the luxury segment 
with a total carpet area of approximately 7.5 lakh, having an estimated sales potential of  
₹3,400 crores. These highly anticipated projects located at Marine Lines, BKC, Pali Hill are 
currently at various stages of approvals, and we are hopeful that we launch these projects in the 
year of FY'26. 
 
Moving on to the business development, we continue to remain focused on the Mumbai 
Metropolitan Region with special emphasis on South Mumbai, Central Mumbai and the western 
suburbs. We are aggressively evaluating multiple proposals offered to us and we plan to 
strengthen our portfolio by adding multiple projects in the next 12 to 15 months' time. To throw 
some light on what we've been focused on, we are hopeful to add these projects with an estimated 
sales potential of upwards between of ₹3,000 crores to ₹3,500 crores in the next 12 months. 
 
Sharing some light on the work orders, MICL's current order book stands at ₹503 crores as of 
March 2025. However, I would like to emphasize that our in house work of real estate projects 
constitutes to approximately more than 1 crore square feet of construction area with an 
approximate value of more than ₹5,000 crores, which shall be executed by the contracting team 
of Man Infraconstruction Limited over the next 3 to 5 years' period depending on project to 
project. 
 
Speaking about our global business plan, on the international front, through our wholly owned 
subsidiary - “MICL Global”, we have acquired 2 new projects where a luxury project would be 
located in Coconut Grove at Miami City in the state of Florida, spanning 10,000 square feet of 
carpet area where we have 25% economic interest. 
 
And we have also acquired another premium project, which shall be named as “Botanic”, in the 
city of Brickell at Miami, spanning about 40,000 square feet of carpet area, for which we have 
got an economic interest of 40%. 
 
Quickly sharing some light on the financial performance for the Quarter 4 and FY 
2025.  
Revenue from operations for quarter 4 stood at ₹294 crore and ₹1,108 crore in FY 2025.  
Total income for the quarter 4 stood at ₹328 crore and ₹1,231 crore for FY '25.  

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
EBITDA for the quarter grew to ₹106 crore in quarter 4 and EBITDA margin also grew to 
36.2%.  For the full year FY'25, company achieved an EBITDA of ₹324 crores and reported 
EBITDA margin of 29.3%.  
The net profit after minority interest for the quarter stood at ₹77 crore and reported margin of 
23.5%. For the full year of FY 2025, the company's profit stood at ₹283 crore and reported the 
margin of 23%. 
 
We continue to remain net debt free at the consolidated level with a healthy liquidity of ₹570 
crores. We had also raised ₹543 crore through preferential warrants of which ₹183 crore has 
been received and the balance ₹360 crore is expected by mid of July 2025, which will further 
strengthen our war chest for expansion. 
 
So in summary, FY '25 has been a transformational year for MICL. We are scaling new heights 
across sales, project launches, financial performance and strategic clarity. With macro stability, 
strong execution mindset and a sharp focus on sales and business development, we are very well 
positioned to deliver superior value to all our stakeholders in the years ahead. 
 
We thank you for the continued trust and support. And now I shall open the floor for questions 
and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Eesha from Axis Securities. 
Eesha: 
First of all, congratulations on a great set of sales numbers. I have a couple of questions. The 
first would be, what are the drivers of our pre-sales numbers that we clocked for the financial 
year? Which projects are the major drivers, if we can quantify them as well? And my second 
question would be on guidance for the coming years, both for real estate pre-sales as well as for 
the EPC revenue that we're expecting in FY '26-'27? 
Manan Shah: 
So, Eesha, the pre-sales number which contributed was majorly from our two projects. One is 
the project at Tardeo, which is part of our luxury to ultra-luxury portfolio that nearly clocked 
around ₹950 crores to ₹1,000 crore approximately. And a significant number also came in from 
our 60 Feet project, which is at Ghatkopar East, which is Aaradhya OnePark. 
 
And the residual came in from the multiple projects, which is across our Juhu project, Ghatkopar 
there was another project, Mulund Atmosphere project. So this combined to a good pre-sales 
number. 
 
Also, this year is actually the year for launches, so we are going to come up with three new 
projects. One is at Marine Lines, which is again part of our luxury portfolio, which shall be 
launched by the last quarter of this year, maximum. We are trying to prepone the launch if 
possible, but last quarter is maximum which we intend to launch it in. 
 
Also this year, we would be launching our BKC project and the Pali Hill project as well. So 
these projects all put together is nearly around ₹3,500 crores approximately in terms of the 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
revenue. And that should also receive significant numbers because we are seeing markets pretty 
strong this year. And we are hoping to surpass the current year's numbers as well. 
Eesha: 
And any guidance on the kind of growth that we're seeing for the coming years? 
Manan Shah: 
In terms of pre-sales, like I said, we've already secured multiple projects. In terms of new 
acquisitions also, like I said, we are planning to add another ₹3,000 crore to ₹3,500 crore worth 
of portfolio more than what we have, which is in the negotiation stage, which shall take couple 
of months to come on board. So I think the futuristic numbers are pretty strong in terms of the 
upcoming year and the year to come as well. 
Eesha: 
And any color on EPC revenue? 
Manan Shah: 
EPC side, we are continuing with the port division where the work is going on. Nearly around 
₹500 crores of order book is pending. And we are also eyeing on the contracts which are coming 
time and again for the Vadhvan Port, so we are a strong contender for that as well and we are 
trying to also secure few projects in the upcoming time. 
 
And over and above that, like I said, we do have our in-house portfolio of about 1 crore square 
feet upcoming of our owned real estate projects. Now all of these projects shall be executed by 
our own contracting company where we would be either making a PMC income or we would be 
even saving it as part of the subsidiary. So that also adds to the EPC side. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang Securities Private 
Limited. 
Manish Ostwal: 
And first of all, many congratulations to winning the award for -- residential developer award 
for the MICL and you and your team. So coming to the numbers. So, like, we have reached -- I 
mean, delivered in terms of guidance pre-sale number and delivered for this particular year. But 
when I look at your -- and previous question's answer, you said ₹950 crores to ₹1,000 crores 
coming from the Tardeo project, which is -- I think it's a DM project, right? 
 
So, why we are including that number? Because in which case, we are giving the DM -- we will 
be getting the DM fees in that. So, should we look at the actual that number when we compare 
to F '24 number in terms of pre-sale growth? 
Manan Shah: 
So, Manish, when you're seeing the pre-sales number, it does not matter which operating model 
it is - whether it's a JV, DM or JDA. Your pre-sales number is the number achieved by the 
developer and we are selling that. So, irrespective whether it is a DM or not, yes, we are going 
to make a DM margin on the profit side of it. 
 
But it is a pre-sales number which we have clocked and on basis of this pre-sales number the 
progress is seen. The financial consolidation happens of the project so that's why it's included as 
part of it. It also includes as a major contributor to cash flow of that individual project as well. 
 
That's why it's always better to give a clarity. And if you see a lot of our projects are in DM. So, 
if you start considering in that way, then you'll never be seeing any pre-sales number. 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Manish Ostwal: 
The second thing, sir, when I look at our collection trend, which seems to be weaker compared 
to our pre-sales trend. So, can you explain the difference between the 2 trends? Because what 
we have seen in other real estate companies, wherever the pre-sale number are strong, their 
collection trend is also equally strong. So, can you explain that why it is different in our case? 
Manan Shah: 
So, the project is just launched and that's what happens, the collection depends on the 
construction stage. Because the projects had just begun, usually the cash flow which comes in 
terms of collection is 10% to 20%. And what you saw in terms of pre-sales number that 
collection will be due in the upcoming year, which is this year you might see a strong collection 
coming in because the construction stage has also reached significant stage. 
 
So, lot of times when the project is just getting launched and the construction has just begun like 
piling has just started, I cannot charge customers 20% and 30% upfront money. Otherwise, the 
sales shall not happen, but that comes significantly as and when the construction progresses. So 
this year, we are seeing a strong momentum on the collection. And this is the year of launches, 
like I'm repeating again. So, you would see this year's repercussions coming in, in fact, next year 
as well. 
Manish Ostwal: 
And your update on our US operation. So far, you talked about in terms of acquisition of projects, 
but in terms of total investment made through MICL balance sheet and how much returns we 
have generated so far? Can you give some indication so that we can judge that operation 
efficiency versus the Indian operation efficiency? 
Manan Shah: 
So, micro detail numbers you can be in touch with Yashesh, he can share with you and you can 
discuss. But to give you a broad perspective, I'll just elaborate that the first project which we had 
started as a Villa project is already completed 100%. One Villa is already sold. The other 
inventory is in our stock, which would be up for sale soon. 
 
Second project, we acquired the land where the partnership agreement is under the process and 
we had evaluated a branded residency concept with Marriott Group. So that is also under the 
term sheet review of both the parties. So that is due for launch - hopefully, by this December. 
 
The third project we just acquired, again a fresh piece of land at Coconut Grove of 10,000 square 
feet, like I said. That is under the approval status. So, once we receive approval for that, the 
construction shall begin. 
 
And the fourth project is named “Botanic”. Again, it's under the approval stage, but this project 
also looks to be launched maximum by December month of this year. So, that shall also add on 
to good revenue. So, in the next 2 to 3 years' time, if you see a holistic perspective, US sector is 
just a kick-off from MICL, so you cannot be ideally comparing Indian operations and US 
operations. 
 
US, you have a completely different setup and style of working, where we are buying land and 
in India we are not buying land. We are trying to be an asset light model by doing 
redevelopments and DMs and JVs. So we'll not be able to compare it apple-to-apple. But you 
are free to get all the answers from Yashesh in detail once you e-mail us. 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Manish Ostwal: 
And in terms of cash flow generation, so if I look -- see your comment, you said some projects 
in the affordable segment we have given up and that cash -- that will support our cash flow. Plus, 
you are indicating the collection trend will be much stronger this year compared to FY'25. And 
on -- plus, we will be having remaining money of the fund in July 2025. 
 
If you put together all those things, first, we could not understand why we raised money given 
our balance sheet and the kind of project trajectory we have. So how are you going to use the 
money, whether the ₹12,000 crores of visibility of real estate sales can we see in next couple of 
years inching towards ₹18,000, ₹20,000 crores kind of visibility? Can you comment on that 
thing, sir? 
Manan Shah: 
So likely you answered your own question. The intention is definitely to raise money when 
ideally you don't need, when the markets are strong, when you have good opportunities coming 
in. And like I mentioned, we are evaluating proposals. Nearly 2 to 3 proposals have been shared 
to us upfront from societies, from land owners, from other developers to come in on board and 
take over the projects. So, we are looking at those proposals aggressively. 
 
Regarding we sold the land and we generated, so basically, the reason is, like we said, we are 
consolidating the pipeline to be from mid-luxury to luxury where the margins are better, where 
the collections can be better, the cash flows are more better and the brand visibility also improves 
significantly compared to the affordable sector. 
 
And over and above this, we intend to have enough liquidity which is like a dry powder kept, so 
that whenever -- as and when there is an opportunity coming in we would like to grow. So the 
intention is to multiply the growth from ₹12,000 crores. Like you're saying, yes, we intend to go 
₹18,000 crores to ₹20,000 crores, which doesn't look very difficult and that's the reason this 
money is going to be required for -- to increase the portfolio strength. 
 
We are already in talks with 5 to 6 projects and they are at much serious stage and advanced 
stage. We are hoping to fructify them soon. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, all my questions are answered, just one question with respect to Goregaon project. So we 
have not included in our launch pipeline for this year. So any specific reason, even Phase 1 is 
not getting launched in this year? 
Manan Shah: 
So, to share an update on the Goregaon project because it's a large land parcel and it's a slum 
redevelopment project, we are doing it in a phase wise manner where we are first constructing 
partially the rehab component. And once the rehab component is up, we shall have a significant 
plot vacant, which shall allow us to create sale towers over there and that is when the sales 
pipeline will be generated in that project. 
 
So, we are trying to go a little bit on a conservative side rather than making the rehab and the 
sale building on the same plot to get a better visibility. The customers also pay the better 
premium when you have a fresh piece of land available rather than sharing jointly with the slum 
dwellers. So, that's the reason we have not included for the next financial year. 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
In terms of next -- FY 2026 sales momentum, as we have sold close to 40% in Ghatkopar and 
Tardeo, and this momentum will continue. And then you said that 3 more projects that is BKC, 
Pali Hill and Marine Line project will come up for the launches. So can we expect a better 
number on this higher base also for FY '26? 
Manan Shah: 
That's what the target is. And not just these 3 projects, there might be few more projects which 
we are on the final due diligence stage. So, if that also gets signed, we might even definitely add 
a few more projects to the pipeline for the launch of this year. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, we are expecting, I mean, good growth in this year as well in pre-sales? 
Manan Shah: 
Yes, definitely. And the market is also supportive for sales. We are not seeing any downfall in 
terms of the demand or intention to buy. So, we are seeing that the momentum will remain 
strong. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Hrishit Jhaveri from Pi Square Investments. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
My first question is towards our EPC business. Currently, the order book, particularly for the 
EPC, has been diminishing and a lot of EPC work is going in for our own real estate projects. 
So do we plan to scale up the external EPC revenues once available in FY'26? 
Manan Shah: 
So regarding working for the other developers, no, we would like to focus and use all our capex 
onto the own real estate side of it. But regarding the infrastructure projects, we are definitely 
keen. Like I said, we are working on a port project already and we are eyeing on the new port 
which has been announced by the government. So, we will be focusing on the port sector. But 
regarding working for other developers, we would not be doing that at this moment. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
And also the guidance for FY'26, this year on the standalone basis, we did a healthy EBITDA 
margin of 22% to 23%. Do we continue to increase the margin trajectory for next year? And if 
yes, what would be the key driver for the margin expansion, sir? 
Manan Shah: 
So if you see, in fact, the margins that we've clocked is not 20% to 23%. On a yearly basis, we 
have done nearly 30%, which is a healthy margin for any industry. Especially real estate 
industry, if you compare, we are working at better than the industry margin. And we are 
definitely bullish on this where we at least tend to maintain these margins in the near future as 
well. 
 
And certain projects, like I said, we are trying to rectify the pipeline in terms of make them more 
towards mid-luxury to luxury. We see certain margins growing over there as well. So, we are 
very comfortable on the current margin and we'll not be going down in terms of that on the year-
on-year basis. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Satyam Badera from ProfitMart Securities Private Limited. 
Satyam Badera: 
I have a couple of questions. First is, with over ₹13,000 crores in sales visibility and new 
launches lined up, what is your early outlook for revenue growth for FY '26 and '27? And how 
do you see the margins pan out over next year? 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Manan Shah: 
So, I think this question I've already answered in the past. But just to repeat again. Like I said, 
this year there are 3 projects minimum that we are launching BKC, Pali Hill and Marine Lines. 
We are in talks to add a couple of more projects this year in various locations across the city. 
And this year also the momentum remains strong for us. 
 
And I believe that we should be able to surpass this year's pre-sales numbers also if the market 
is supportive and depending on the launch. So, the visibility for FY'26 is what we are bullish 
about. 
Satyam Badera: 
How do you positioning yourself for upcoming launches in Marine Lines, BKC, Pali Hill, aiming 
the competition for established luxury players in those areas? 
Manan Shah: 
So the way the project is being designed, the way the interior specs of the product are, it's far 
superior compared to the micro market competition. And if you see the sales at Aaradhya Avaan 
at Tardeo, there's a lot of competition around over there as well. But we've been able to out pass 
the competition in terms of pricing also and velocity also. 
 
So in terms of Marine Lines, we are seeing a similar response coming with our brand where 
people are very confident. And MICL has always been an overachiever in terms of when it 
comes to construction speed. So, in Tardeo also we've achieved that. And I see MICL playing a 
significant brand role in South of Mumbai which will allow us to win customers' hearts. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Disha from Niveshaay. 
Disha: 
So with 7.4 lakh square feet of carpet area for the launch in FY '26 across Marine Lines, BKC 
and Pali Hill, how are you sequencing these launches? Like what would be the sequence? And 
plus what drives the timing strategy? So could you please elaborate on how the product 
configuration is being tailored to each of these micro markets to ensure differentiation in market 
share? 
Manan Shah: 
So in terms of sequencing, it honestly purely depends on which permission comes in first for 
which project. So we are at a far advanced stage at BKC project where we've already received 
the intimation of Disapproval (IOD) of this project. The IOD is already received for the project. 
So we are waiting for the existing members to vacate and once we demolish, we shall receive 
the Commencement Certificate (CC) as well. So that launch is going to be in a very short span 
of time. 
 
Similarly, we have received IOD for our Marine Lines project as well. And there also the similar 
progress is going on where the demolition of existing structures have been happening. So I see 
a Marine Lines and BKC launch happening parallelly, followed by Pali Hill. 
 
Regarding the sizes, we are doing 3 beds and 4 bed residences at BKC. Pali Hill is 4 bed 
residences. Marine Line is also going to be 3 and 4 bed residences. 
Disha: 
Plus, how is the current demand for redevelopment projects in MMR compared to our existing 
inventory? And what is the expected supply that would be entering the market in 2026? 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Manan Shah: 
See, I would not be able to comment on the supply because every developer is bidding, everyone 
wants to redevelop. So market is very, very bullish currently. I would just like to comment on 
MICL's philosophy. MICL is not building any stereotypical buildings. Now what do I mean by 
that? You might be hearing in the news and in the press that MICL is building India's tallest 
tower, so Aaradhya Avaan. Something very similar we are coming up with -- at Marine Lines 
as well, not just in terms of height, but the kind of the building is designed in the shape of a 
“Butterfly”, very first of its kind in the entire country. So we've always done detailing in such a 
fashion that doesn't matter what the competition is launching or how much supply comes in, 
MICL has always been the demand of the hour. 
 
At the same time, we've even done launches for Gated communities, like Ghatkopar East, this is 
the first gated community at 60 Feet Road spanning across 3 acres plus. And similarly, we've 
picked up another land parcel at Vile Parle West also. This is again 3 acres and located on S.V. 
Road making these projects very demanding and aspirational for the clients. So, even if there is 
a supply in the micro market competition we've been able to sell much more faster and at our 
desired price. 
Disha: 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Majid Ahamed from Pinpoint X Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, the two projects launched in Q4, they 
already achieved ₹700 crores in sales out of ₹1,600 crores potential. What factors are driving 
the strong initial traction and how confident are you in sustaining momentum to monetize this 
project over the next few quarters? Do you expect this to be sold in another couple of quarters 
or so how it's? That's my first question? 
Manan Shah: 
So, to answer the question, like I said, the brand philosophy is such that I personally make sure 
that I have been through every wall to wall when the product is getting designed. The kind of 
facilities and amenities that we provide in each area, we are wanting to become the lifestyle 
creator of Mumbai and not just become a builder. So we never call ourselves as a builder. 
 
We've always termed ourselves as a service provider, in fact, which is a lifestyle service 
provider, where if you buy an apartment over here you are always going to be living a healthier 
life, you're going to live better with MICL. Because right from your entrance to your lobbies, to 
your clubs, to your apartments, we make sure there is enough light, ventilation and natural breeze 
coming in.  
These things include how the swimming pool is planned, how the games area and how the kids 
section is planned consolidating to a very healthier and a peaceful living environment, which 
people are really liking. And even if it's a standalone tower like Aaradhya Avaan, we've made 
sure that right from a multipurpose turf to a Turkish hammam to a private bowling alley, these 
kind of unique amenities which we are providing.  
Now this kind of packaging is making it very attractive for the customers and they are 
immediately converting our clients. And that's what's driving the growth for these projects. Now 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
the two projects, like I said, it's a gated community which has resulted in the ₹700 crores of pre-
sale which is at Vile Parle and Dahisar. And we are seeing the strong momentum continue. 
 
In fact, as of today, we have surpassed this number a lot more and this continuous momentum 
happening. In fact, the coming months are the months of festivals, so where we always see strong 
momentum. There's going to be Ganesh Chaturthi coming in soon. There's going to be Navratri 
and all. So we are seeing very good momentum at that time also. 
Majid Ahamed: 
So my next question is, what would be the total pre-sale that you would have clocked in Q4, 
both in value and volume terms? And any color can you provide in terms of how much is it 
attributable to price escalation versus volume growth? Also, can you provide average selling 
price trends per micro market where you have your project? 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Majid, this is Yashesh this side. We can get in touch post the concall to discuss this project by 
project questions. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Can you answer regarding the value and volume terms, how much we have already clocked? 
Yashesh Parekh: 
We have already answered in the previous questions. And it would be roughly around ₹2,500-
odd crores in terms of FY '26 pre-sales. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohan Baranwal from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Baranwal: 
My question is regarding projects like Aaradhya Avaan, which contributes only DM fees, while 
others like Atmosphere Tower G contributes EPC and PMC margin. As you scale up, how are 
you thinking about the optimizing or blended margin pool across model? And does that affect -
- influence how you prioritize future projects, sir? 
Manan Shah: 
So, Atmosphere doesn't just contribute towards PMC margin. We are holding nearly around 33% 
equity -- 30% equity, sorry. And that contributes -- the profits are going to be starting to come 
soon because we are near completion of the entire project. So we are seeing good profitability 
hitting furthermore of what has already been accrued from. 
 
Over and above this -- see, DM project is an asset light model where acquiring a development 
right is far more easier compared to a typical redevelopment project where you get into the 
bidding process, tendering process and it takes slightly more time. DM projects are the project 
where the construction can start a little more faster and sooner and also the margins that we see 
on the return of investment is nearly 200% to 250%. 
 
So talking about Atmosphere, Atmosphere we are land owners also, we are doing contracting 
also, we are making an interest income also by deploying our own money in the form of debt 
given to the associate company. 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Rohan Baranwal: 
And sir, my second question is, with the EPC order now at around ₹503 crores, which is 
significantly lower than historical levels, what is your intent for this segment? And how do you 
see it as growth vertical or support function for internal projects going forward, sir? 
Manan Shah: 
So, ₹500 crores is purely the outside EPC. Now, if you see the order book that we can have 
without giving the work order to the Holdco company is nearly 1 crores square feet, which will 
consolidate to approximately ₹5,000 crores of upcoming construction order. Out of which, say, 
if I even consider 10% PMC fee that comes to ₹500 crores profit. So that is also an EPC income. 
 
The only thing is it's a structured EPC concept where we are the developer also and we are the 
contractor also where we are not giving contract, we are saving the contractor's margin, which 
gets added on to our books in terms of equity in the real estate side of it. So we've got a significant 
order pipeline in the EPC also. In fact, the EPC division strengthens our speed, efficiency and 
quality as well because everything is in-house. 
Rohan Baranwal: 
Thank you very much, sir. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rushin from Krupa Exports. Please go 
ahead. Since there is no response, we move on to our next question from the line of Shuboh 
Mukherjee an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
Thank you so much and congratulations on a very good quarter. You are a truly unique business 
model in this space in terms of margins, of course, and obviously the quality of projects that 
you're building. So, congratulations on that. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
My question is more around your U.S. business. If you could -- I do not want specifics, more 
around what's your strategy, if you could just paint some color. Like, are you really trying to test 
your waters in the Southern Florida market and then you plan to expand in other regions or you 
just want to hyper focus on the Miami market? If you could just add some more color on the 
strategy on the U.S. market? 
Manan Shah: 
See U.S., we started the research nearly 7 years back. We went a couple of times. We identified 
a lot of pockets right from Texas to New York to California, Florida as well. When we bottled 
down to Miami, we had seen in the past also that Miami has been a city which has outperformed 
lot of other cities compared to the U.S.  
Miami has been very, very favourable in terms of climate as well as taxation wise for the 
wealthier billionaires and millionaires in U.S. Miami automatically becomes a favorite hotspot 
for people to buy, which is resulting into significant sales happening over there. So Miami, yes, 
would be definitely a key focus for us to begin with in the U.S. operations side. The 
overall 
strategy over there is not just to test waters. We are definitely intending to make good margin 
over there with the kind of projects that we've already secured, which are these 4 projects like I 
mentioned. We are seeing a good opportunity coming in. And this project's cash flow will also 
help expanding the projects locally also over there without having to put in a lot more money 
further. 

 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
The other question is on your EPS. When do you think that the growth will percolate down at 
an EPS level? Can we expect that in year '26? No? 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Hold on. 
Manan Shah: 
Your question is not clear. You're saying when will the growth..? 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
My question is when will the growth translate at an EPS level, earnings per share level as well? 
Ashok Mehta: 
See, basically, once the new capital is raised and it is put to effective use, so as Mr. Manan 
mentioned that there are quite a few projects in pipeline. So once the utilization of the funds 
available is used for the projects and growth, it will definitely result in the increase in the EPS. 
Manan Shah: 
Depending on the project to project. The revenue recognition for lot of projects is yet to start. 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
And can I squeeze in one more question, if it's okay? 
Manan Shah: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
When it comes to Aaradhya Avaan, are you seeing stable kind of pricing per square feet or are 
you seeing more than what you expected when you had conceived this project? 
Manan Shah: 
No, we've already out passed the pricing on which the business model was developed. And every 
year-on-year, we are also seeing a price increase further, because as and when you get closer to 
possession, South Mumbai has always been a trend where the price is definitely significantly 
higher compared to the pre-launch. 
Shuboh Mukherjee: 
Sounds good. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rushin from Krupa Exports. Please go 
ahead. 
Rushin: 
In terms of number, how will be the quarter 1 of the financial year 2025? 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Rushin, we usually do not give guidance on any financial performance of the company.  
Rushin: 
We are going. Okay no problem. We are not going to give numbers. 
Yashesh Parekh: 
You can get in touch with us post the conference. 
Moderator: 
Since there is no response, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Thank you, participants for participating in the earnings call of Man Infraconstruction Limited. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
