 
May 20, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts call  
 
Ref.:  Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed please find Transcript of Conference Call which was scheduled for Investors 
and Analysts on May 15, 2025 at 2.00 PM IST in relation to results and developments for the 
fourth quarter ended on March 31, 2025. The same will also be available on the website of 
the Company www.jbpharma.com.  
 
We request you to take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep Phadnis  
Vice President – Secretarial  
& Company Secretary 
 
SANDEEP 
ANIL 
PHADNIS
Digitally signed by SANDEEP ANIL PHADNIS 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=411038, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=FLAT NO. 18, SWAPNA SOCIETY ,BEDEKAR 
GANPATI LANE, PAUD 
ROAD ,PUNE,KOTHRUD ,411038, l=PUNE, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=cc500fdd638e71336fc58b204e2ba05e
a7c4ade49b8fe438e8f254c300dec735, 
pseudonym=d7e0610cbbec40508ce048426f41b7ed, 
2.5.4.20=715f7603f235e5d1d74002aec03d24cf432ef
d8296e6e1c3c0c80534a90c098e, 
email=SANDOW.PHADNIS@GMAIL.COM, 
cn=SANDEEP ANIL PHADNIS 
Date: 2025.05.20 11:56:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 15, 2025 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our 
vendor who manages the conference call. We would request you to 
go through the audio recording in case you want to reconfirm 
anything that has been mentioned in the transcript 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the JB Pharma's Q4 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call as on 15th of May 2025. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D'Souza – Executive Vice President of 
JB Pharma. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jason D'Souza: 
Thank you, Ryan. Welcome to the Q4 Earnings Call of JB Pharma. We have with us 
today Mr. Nikhil Chopra, CEO and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Kunal Khanna, 
President, Operations and Mr. Narayan Saraf, the CFO at JB Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statement in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q4 FY25 Results Presentation 
that has been sent to you earlier. 
I would like to hand over the floor to “Mr. Nikhil Chopra to Begin the Proceedings of 
the Call and for his Opening Remarks.” 

 
Page 2 of 15 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Thank you, Jason, and a very warm welcome to all of you and thank you all for being 
with us today. 
I will commence with the “Perspective on our Quarter 4 Performance”: 
FY24 is yet another year when JB has maintained strong operating momentum. JB 
continued being one of the fastest growing domestic businesses in India as per 
Indian pharma market. 
During Quarter 4, revenue saw a rise of 10% to INR949 crore, while operating 
EBITDA expanded by 15% to INR240 crore, underscoring efficiency and execution 
strength. 
Net profit notably improved by 15% to INR146 crore, reflecting improved margins 
and disciplined cost management. This performance has been underlined by the 
growth in India branded formulations, our CDMO platform and carefully chosen 
international markets that align with our strengths. 
Our gross margin was 66.1% during Quarter 4 marking an improvement over the 
previous year. 
Our operating EBITDA margin stood at 25.3%, representing an increase of 90 bps. 
I will share “Some Views on our Domestic Business”: 
The domestic business reported a growth of 11% year-on-year to INR519 crore in 
Quarter 4 FY25. As per IQVIA, we have delivered 13% year-on-year growth in the 
quarter as compared to 7% growth for the industry. 
As per IQVIA, our chronic portfolio showed 16% YoY improvement in Quarter 4 
FY25, whereas acute portfolio increased by 10% and our ophthal business recorded 
a growth of 22% to INR56 crore in Quarter 4 FY25. These are all IMS figures. 
Clearly, we believe that we have one of the most progressive domestic formulation 
business, which has been demonstrated by our business consistently outpacing 
industry growth for the last five years now. 
We have also done well on the prescription front with our prescriptions growing at 
17% CAGR over the last four years. 
We now cover around 3.5 lakh doctors across specialties. 
Interestingly, majority of our portfolio is in fast-growing segments leading to growth 
prospects. 
Around 75% of our business is generated from the segments that are progressive 
and growing faster than the IPM. 
As we have been sharing in the earlier commentary also, our chronic mix continues 
to improve and our chronic business is growing significantly faster at a growth rate 
of 18% as compared to IPM chronic growth, which is at 10% as per IQVIA MAT 
March '25 data. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
In the cardiac segment we have moved five ranks and now are ranked #8 in this 
therapy. Also, we have three brands among the top-20 brands in cardiovascular 
therapy. 
Through emphasis on building and scaling brands, we are consistently placed ahead 
within the IPM on the growth. We have now six brands among the top 300 brands in 
the country, which Sporlac being the new entry in the top 300 brands in the IPM. 
Around four years back we had eight brands who's revenue was more than Rs.20 
crore, currently, we have 25 brands who's revenue is more than Rs.20 crore annually 
and six brands where the revenue is more than Rs.100 crore annually. 
We have shown a sustained improvement in the field force productivity, which now 
stands at 8 lakh PCPM as compared to 4.6 lakh in FY21. 
All our acquisitions have integrated well and helped strengthen our position in the 
industry. 
The Sporlac franchisee has risen from Rs.69 crore to Rs.134 crore as per IQVIA 
MAT '25 data in the last three years. 
Azmarda that is Sacubitril, Valsartan is now INR70 crore and Sacubitril, Valsartan 
market is expected to grow at around 15% to 20% over the next 10 to 15 years. The 
recent franchisee now is Rs.99 crore in two years, which was Rs.67 crore two years 
ago. 
Moving to “Our International Operations”: 
Quarter 4 saw a high single digit growth, that is 9% to Rs.430 crore for our 
international operations with CDMO business driving the entire growth. CDMO grew 
at 18% at a revenue of Rs.129 crore for the quarter. Our position as one of the top 
five global CDMO player in Los Angeles reflects the strength of our capabilities and 
deep relationships with our marquee clients. We saw 6% improvement in our 
international formulations that is branded generic business to Rs.282 crore backed 
up by double-digit growth in Russia and branded generic exports. 
Going forward, I see our international business gaining further momentum through 
new product launches, geographical expansion and a more focused CDMO strategy. 
Our ability to co-create with our global partner supported by world-class 
infrastructure and R&D capabilities, positions us well to drive sustained high quality 
growth in this segment. 
As we look ahead, I remain confident in our ability to sustain growth across our core 
businesses in India. Our focus will be on scaling our larger brands, deepening our 
prescription share in recently acquired portfolio and further strengthening our 
presence in chronic therapy. We expect India and CDMO businesses to contribute 
75% to 80% to overall revenues in the medium-term. The India and the CDMO 
businesses are high ROC and high operating margins, which will further enhance 
profitability of the organization. At the same time, we remain committed of delivering 
profitability and we are raising our operating margin guidance for the third year in 
row. EBITDA margins will be in the range of 27% to 29%. Once again, I will repeat, 
we are revising our operating EBITDA guidance for the third year in row. And our 
EBITDA margin guidance is now 27% to 29%. Underpinning all of this is our 
continued emphasis on the growth through planned execution. That brings me to the 
close of my opening script. 

 
Page 4 of 15 
I would now like to hand over to our “Mr. Narayan to Share his Views.” Over to you, 
Narayan. Thank you. 
Narayan Saraf: 
Thank you, Nikhil. A very good afternoon to everyone joining us on our Earnings Call. 
Let me take you through the “Key Financial Highlights for Q4 and FY25”: 
For the quarter, we reported revenue of INR949 crore reflecting a year-on-year 
growth of 10%. 
The revenue mix stood at 55% domestic and 45% international. Our domestic 
business contributed INR519 crore, registering a year-on-year growth of 11% in Q4. 
The international business delivered year-on-year growth of 9% with revenues at 
INR430 crore. 
Our gross profit margin stood at 66.1% with a 90-basis points expansion, which is 
despite the in-licensed ophthalmology portfolio. 
Operating EBITDA excluding ESOP expenses came in at INR240 crore, marking a 
year-on-year increase of 15%. The operating EBITDA margin expanded by 90 basis 
points to 25.3% in Q4 FY25. 
Now, on the “Cost Front”: 
Other expenditure as a percentage of sales reduced to 23.7 percentage by 80 basis 
points. We continue to maintain agility in enhancing operational efficiencies and 
managing expenses effectively. Finance cost saw a significant decline coming down 
from INR9 crore in Q4 FY24 to INR1 crore in Q4 FY25, mainly due to reduction in 
the gross debt. Net profit increased by 15% to INR146 crore. 
Now on the “Financial Year 2025”: 
Revenue grew 12% to INR3,918 crore with domestic to international business mix at 
58%:42%. The domestic business witnessed 20% growth and as per IQVIA MAT 
March 2025 data JB grew 12% versus IPM growth of 8%. 
On the international business, it saw 4% growth to INR1,649 crore. In international 
formulations, Russia and branded generics export business witnessed double-digit 
growth. 
CDMO saw a 3% growth, however, saw strong recovery in the second half of the 
year. 
Gross profit for the full year stood at 66.4%, expanding by 30 basis points. Excluding 
ophthalmology portfolio margins increased by 130 basis points. Margins improved 
mainly due to a favorable product and business mix supported by ongoing cost 
optimization efforts. 
On cost, non-cash ESOPs were at INR55 crore versus INR42 crore. 
Depreciation increased from INR138 crore in FY24 to INR171 crore in FY25 due to 
amortization of acquired and in-licensed brands. Therefore, net profit increased by 
19% to INR660 crore. 

 
Page 5 of 15 
JB Pharma's operating cash flows in FY25 were reported at INR903 crore versus 
INR801 crore in the previous year. 
In the pharma industry, we have reported one of the highest metrics on operating 
cash flow to operating EBITDA at 83 percentage. 
Now, coming on to the “Balance Sheet”: 
ROC was at 32% versus 27% in FY24, while ROE improved to some extent at 19.2% 
in FY25. 
As of 31st March 2025, net cash was at INR689 crore versus INR107 crore in the 
previous year. 
For the fiscal year, the board recommended a final dividend of INR7 per share 
resulting into total dividend of INR15.50, including of the interim dividend of INR8.50 
per share. 
We remain optimistic about the business outlook, and we are confident in our ability 
to continue delivering value to all our stakeholders. With that, I conclude my opening 
remarks, and I now request the moderator to open the forum for the Q&A session. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Tausif from BNP Paribas. Please 
go ahead. 
Tausif: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good set of 
numbers. And my first question is on India business. Can you provide the breakup 
of India business ex of Azmarda in terms of price, volume and new product launch 
for the year? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So excluding ophthalmology, our domestic business overall growth has been close 
to 12% and the volume growth is 6%. Outside that, there is price and close to 1% of 
NI growth. And if you compare this with the market, the market volume growth has 
reflected externally has been sub-2% with respect to volume. 
Tausif: 
Also, if you can share some qualitative insight on the chronic portfolio? I think that 
has significantly outperformed versus the IPM; we have grown by 18% versus the 
IPM growth of 10%. Can you highlight which of the segments which have 
outperformed for JB? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So like Nikhil mentioned, our flagship brands continue to outpace the market and by 
a significant margin. Our mainstay chronic brands like Cilacar, Cilacar T, Nicardia 
and RACIL have consistently been outperforming the market. If you look at the MAT 
numbers has externally reflected as well. Cilacar Plain for us has grown at 19% while 
the market is 16%. This is despite the fact that we continue to inch our market share 
performance within the Cilacar franchise and are slowly graduating towards 60% 
market share in this particular plain brand. Cilacar T, we have grown at 37% 
compared to the market at 25%. Razel for us, even the plain Rosuvastatin has grown 
at 24% versus market 14% and including Nicardia Plain as well as XL has 
consistently delivered more than 20% growth over the last 12-months. So these have 
been the mainstays for us and clearly reflected in our outperformance of our chronic 
portfolio. In addition to that, even if you really look at the Azmarda figures and if you 
really look at the quarterly updates, for the Q4 in Azmarda, we have clocked 30% 
growth, whereas the market is growing at 20% and we believe as Nikhil mentioned 

 
Page 6 of 15 
in his commentary also that this particular category will continue to hit mid-teens 
volume growth in the future. 
Tausif: 
Thanks. My second question is on your brands. I think there has been a newsletter 
to expert panel recommended to suspend Rantac. Where do you stand currently 
means has the government has deferred the case to investigate further or is the final 
decision there will be no ban on the product? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So there is no ban on the product, Rantac continues to be made available to the 
patients given its very strong clinical efficacy and safety profile. The government has 
given some instructions in maintaining in manufacturers kind of closely monitoring 
the quality. This is something which we have been doing for years and we will 
continue to deliver on that. 
Tausif: 
Thanks. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rashmi from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rashmi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just on the export formulations side, especially in 
Russia, South Africa and your other branded generic export market, what kind of 
new therapies or the products in different category are we doing the same what we 
have added in India, I mean all these products are also getting exported to this 
branded generic market. So what is the strategy which you are playing in this 
market? And how should we see the growth for the export formulation business ex 
your CDM and API business? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So our international business is contributing around 45%, which includes US, Russia, 
South Africa, branded generics and CDMO. Our branded generic business is in four 
clusters, that is in Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, Southeast Asia, Middle East. 
And in that part of the world, 50% of that business comes from participation in 
tenders. What we have been doing for the last three years is filing progressive 
portfolio, which we have in India, which is a mix of Gliptins, Glozins, product for heart 
failure, eye drops and those all products will start commercializing in early FY27. 
That is where we stand. And you should see growth for this business when this new 
product start commercializing. This quarter the growth was 10% for that BGX 
business. And probably FY27 onwards with the new progressive portfolio, we should 
see a couple of points more coming in terms of growth, we should go to around 12% 
plus. 
Rashmi: 
Okay. So you're saying that 10% for FY26 and then going ahead once it ramps up, 
it should be in double digit in FY27? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Rashmi: 
Okay. And for the CDMO segment in the presentation you said that the order book 
remains strong in the coming few quarters also. It is more related to the seasonality 
factor or we have added new products or added new geographies over there? What 
is the guidance you give it on this part of the business? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
If you look at the growth for CDMO for the quarter was 18%, that is what it is but that 
is not the growth for the year. Our average business that we do in the world of CDMO 
is around INR110 crore. That is the run-rate that we have been following and we 
continue to do business with our all-big clients across the globe. What we have 
shared in our report is going ahead, the company has been working progressively in 
last year on some big marquee projects, which more details we can talk about in the 

 
Page 7 of 15 
coming time but what details I can give you is these projects are some new lozenges 
which you will see in the world of Europe and US, you will see some Pan India project 
that we are running with one of our partners in the world of ORS, you will see some 
developments happening in the world of throat spray for cough and cold in many 
markets across the globe, and also you should see iodine-based formulations maybe 
in the form of syrup and ointment which will see the daylight. So these are four or 
five big projects which we will be able to commercialize by the end of the year. And 
starting next financial year, our run rate that we assume with all these businesses is 
seeing the daylight which today is around INR110 crore every quarter should be 
around INR150 crore every quarter. 
Rashmi: 
Okay. You mentioned that you'll be targeting US, Europe market. So this will be 
through partnership with the retail chain models or you will have a partnership with 
the companies or distributors. So what will be the strategy over there? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Now in CDMO business, we are quite clear that we work with our principal partners 
and our principal partners are large consumer companies with global presence. 
Earlier we have voiced the kind of clientele profile which we have for our CDMO 
business. So we directly deal with them and of course they have an extensive 
network of distribution channel partners in respective geographies. So we will 
continue to build on the same model. 
Rashmi: 
Okay. And one last question on your EBITDA margin. 27% to 29% is the ex-ESOP 
EBITDA margin guidance, right? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, yes. 
Rashmi: 
And what will be the ESOP number in FY26 and FY27 annual number if you can 
give? 
Narayan Saraf: 
Yes, so the ESOP number in FY26 should be in the range of around INR41 crore to 
INR46 crore and FY27 would be INR26 crore. In totality, now the ESOP cost that we 
are left with is around INR75 crore, which would be charged over the next two to two 
and half years. 
Rashmi: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Hi, good afternoon. Hi, thanks for taking my question. So first is on the domestic 
formulations segment. So sir, on this Azmarda, how much sales was for the quarter 
and what is the run rate of units per month and how do you see this volume going 
forward? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So as we mentioned last time, we were targeting a run rate of close to 125,000 to 
130,000 units per month. We are pleased to inform you that we have been able to 
maintain that run rate. By the end of H1, so in the next quarter we should be targeting 
a run rate of close to 140,000 units plus and we will continue to build on that. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. So sales for this quarter was around INR70 crore or INR75 crore? 
Kunal Khanna: 
For Azmarda for the quarter? 
Sumit Gupta: 
Yes. 

 
Page 8 of 15 
Kunal Khanna: 
When we talk about INR70 crore, that's the annualized run rate for Azmarda. 
Sumit Gupta: 
So for the next two to three years at least how do you see this INR70 crore panning 
out? Would we be taking price hike also? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Of course, we are taking price hike also for this particular brand and the market is 
growing at mid-teens volume growth. So we clearly see that what is reflected in the 
market as a INR70 crore franchise, over the next two to three years we should be 
targeting INR100 crore Franchise for our Azmarda brand. As mentioned, we are 
looking at close to mid-teens volume growth and over and above whatever price 
growth we can accommodate, we will be able to build on that. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay, great. And sir, what's the contribution from the top five products in India 
business? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So currently the top-seven to eight brands account for close to 64% to 65% of our 
overall India revenues. Four to five years back, the top five brands accounted almost 
84%. So that goes back to the point that currently we have a large set of progressive 
portfolio and platforms which are contributing to our growth and we will continue to 
do so in the future as well. 
Sumit Gupta: 
So can we expect over the next two to three years at least this percentage to come 
down at around 50%, 55%? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We can do a broad math. Basically, when we say that other products will grow, even 
our top seven, eight franchisees will continue to grow, right. So we don't have the 
exact number right now to kind of estimate that, but the endeavor is to continue to 
build on the big brands as well as drive significant growth in our other progressive 
portfolio. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood, understood. Sir, broadly on the sector level so I just want to understand 
how the overall IPM market is growing so, previously like one year, one and half year 
down the line, like before it was growing at around 10%, 11%, 12%; however, the 
growth is at around 6% to 7% now. So how do you see this panning up, like are you 
seeing competition from alternate channels like how do you see that shaping up? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So essentially, some of the volatility in the market tends to depend a lot on the 
seasonality. And last one year with respect to season acute has been slightly 
subdued, as a result of which we have seen the IPM market also being significantly 
subdued and volume growth has been a major factor. The market has still grown at 
close to 8% with the volume growth being close to 1.82%. What we believe is that 
when the season is good, the volume growth can come back to 4%, 4.5% numbers, 
which means that the IPM should potentially be pegged at 9% to 10%. So we are 
fairly confident that this is a market which will continue to be range-bound in the 
region of 8% to 10% going forward. 
Sumit Gupta: 
On gross margin so you have highlighted like increased the guidance for operating 
margin, however from the gross margin perspective, how do you see that so, so shall 
we see improvement in product mix in gross margin, or will it be on the cost side? 
Narayan Saraf: 
So we will continue to see in this FY26 as well around 30 to 50 basis points 
improvement in gross margin supported by certain cost initiatives that we keep on 
taking every year-on-year and obviously mix will also play a very significant role 
where in India business the chronic growing significantly ahead than the other 
businesses. So we clearly see both mix and cost initiatives will play a role in 
supporting around 30 to 50 basis points improvement in gross margin. 

 
Page 9 of 15 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. And sir lastly on the depreciation part, so sequentially we have seen around 
10-11% growth in depreciation. So basically like what is the run-rate and shall we 
see this depreciation rate going forward? 
Narayan Saraf: 
Depreciation is mainly because of the amortization of intangible assets, which we 
have acquired over the years and particularly the ophthal business also acquisition 
happened last year. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. So going forward, how shall we see this, the rate overall -- 4% to 5% or more? 
Narayan Saraf: 
It would be in the range of 4% to 5% because we continue to invest in our Capex. 
So we see the depreciation to be increasing only 4% to 5% supported by Capex and 
intangible asset depreciation. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. So the follow up on that is what is the Capex guidance for the next two years? 
Narayan Saraf: 
Around INR100 crore over next two years, each year we continue to spend. 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes, we maintain our consistent INR100 crore run rate, maintenance close to 65, 70, 
another 25 to 30 for growth Capex. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Kunal Khanna: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 Next question comes from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, good afternoon everyone. If I look at our international formulations sales for the 
last three years, we have been in that range of INR10 to INR11 billion. I understand 
we had the South Africa restructuring and then also the issues in the CDMO business 
in the first half of FY25. But directionally, how should we look at this segment over 
the next couple of years? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Good question, Alankar in terms of what analysis you have done. See, in CDMO, we 
had a big spike in FY23 because there the demand was drastically up. But now our 
partners have been also normalizing the inventory, and the inventory has 
normalized. So you will see CDMO business growing between 12% to 14% in the 
coming time. And I earlier shared the commentary in terms of what we are trying to 
do in the world of CDMO business with our existing partners and the new projects 
that we try to run. Second, around INR120 crore cut that we took in South Africa, 
business that is done because that was more related to the tender business which 
we did not want to participate. In hindsight, it has given us a good bump up in our 
profitability in our South Africa business, which is more now private business; 65% 
to 70% business is now private, which was earlier 40%. So that is on South Africa, 
BGX has not been a good story for us. And that is the way the business was modeled. 
50% of this business was more tender participation in government tendering where 
we have been facing issues in terms of competitive pricing. FY27 onwards every 
year we have been filing around 8 to 10 progressive products in these geographies; 
these are 40 countries across in Sub-Saharan, Africa, Latin America, Southeast Asia 
and Middle East. So once that comes in, we will be able to generate better demand, 
we will be able to demand better pricing and then I think the business will be more 
on a pathway where we wanted business to go healthy around 10% to 12%. That is 
what you should see in the BGX business. Russia has been a very good story for us 
last year in terms of top line and profit margins. So South Africa, things are arrested, 
Russia on a good wicket, CDMO of 12% to 14% growth, FY27 onwards you will start 

 
Page 10 of 15 
seeing BGX business growing basically it can 12% mid-teens growth but 10% growth 
you should see short to medium term, medium to long term 12% plus growth. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood, sir. That's really very helpful. The other question was on trade generics. 
What is the scale of our trade generics business today, and do we intend to focus a 
bit more on this segment going forward? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We have always maintained that trade generics is not going to be our focus area. 
Some of the categories where we are present is by virtue of the fact that these 
categories are well served by distribution channels which go beyond tier 2 and tier 3 
markets. It's negligible contribution to our overall India business and will continue to 
be so. So we are not focusing heavily on this particular segment. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav from Antique 
Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Sir, India business has sequentially come down this quarter 
quite a bit. Any insight on that? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Sequential numbers are largely because of the March phenomena, which has always 
been the case as part of the industry phenomena, where the trade also rationalizes 
the inventory levels. So it's got nothing to do with the demand of our products, 
prescriptions in the market, nothing like that, March generally tends to be soft for the 
industry. 
Gaurav: 
Sir, we have grown significantly faster than the market in India over the last few 
years. You did allude the India market growth where it's going to settle. How - 
Kunal Khanna: 
We have always maintained that we will maintain a three to four percentage points 
higher than market growth. We have been able to deliver that over the last four to 
five years and our portfolio is well poised to continue to build on that. 
Gaurav: 
And have we made new launches in the diabetes space in Q4 of this year? 
Kunal Khanna: 
No, we haven't made any new launch in the diabetes space in Q4. 
Gaurav: 
And going forward do we have some pipeline there that we want to launch in the next 
two years or three years? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So we always continue to evaluate opportunities, but beyond that, we wouldn't want 
to divulge any information. 
Gaurav: 
Okay. Understood. In terms of in-licensing portfolio for us, in terms of percentage of 
sales, how large would that be for the India business? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So currently, if you really look at our in-licensing, it's largely for the ophthal portfolio, 
but that is also an interim arrangement, because the main rationale for us to acquire 
the ophthal portfolio was the fact that perpetual license will figure in December 2026, 
which will significantly push up our gross margin profile. Outside that, we really have 
nothing much. There is one product, a very specialized product which is a lipid-
lowering agent. But apart from that there is no other in-licensed portfolio. 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Gaurav: 
Sir, the in-licensed portfolio will be contributing to EBITDA today too, while lower 
gross margins, but it would be EBITDA positive, right? 
Kunal Khanna: 
It is a EBITDA positive in the ophthal, portfolio that's correct. And as we have 
mentioned earlier as well that post perpetual license triggering it will be significantly 
EBITDA-accretive. 
Gaurav: 
So if you can explain this a little further, what happens for CY26 -- do we get 
ownership of these brand names? 
Kunal Khanna: 
That is correct. So we have already discussed the details about this arrangement 
which we have on the ophthal portfolio. In December 2026, the perpetual license 
gets triggered and we are full-fledged custodians of these trademarks. 
Gaurav: 
And in terms of your appetite for more inorganic kind of opportunities in India, be it 
on the licensing side or acquisitions, what would be appetite and can we see some 
plays in the next two to three years? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So let me answer this. We look at opportunity in the therapeutic areas which are 
more aligned to the strength which we have in execution. So we earlier also in our 
commentary, have shared that can go up to 1.5 times of our EBITDA in terms of 
buying out any company, buying out brands. But we look at asset which is more 
quality base in a growth market and progressive. And the payback period that in 
place when we commit for any acquisition is seven to eight years. Thank you. 
Gaurav: 
Thank you. 
Jason D'Souza: 
Operator, we have a few questions that have come on the question queue. I'll just 
address that and then you can even open the floor for the questions. So I think the 
one question is on the ophthal business. What has been the current run-rate and 
what do we expect in terms of the current run rate for ophthal in the next two or three 
years? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So the ophthal business is on a positive track. Like we had mentioned earlier during 
the time of acquisition as well, when we acquired the portfolio, the quarterly run rate 
was close to INR40 crore. Our first milestone was that over the next nine to 12 
months, how do we inch this towards a INR45 crore quarterly run rate mark and we 
have been able to achieve that. As we move ahead, we look at the market growth 
opportunities. We are clearly seeing that from a quarterly run rate perspective. This 
is already inched towards INR48 crore run rate mark and we will continue to build on 
that. Our strategy in terms of prescriber expansion has started yielding us good 
results. Even if you look at the last 12 months performance for the ophthal market, 
our growth has been close to 11% where the market has been very subdued at 4.5%. 
So we will continue to build on our strategy. New launches have also started 
progressing and contributing and over the next one year we will see more 
contribution coming in from these new launches. 
Jason D’Souza: 
And how do we see the ophthal business playing out in terms of top line growth for 
the domestic business over the next 2-3 years and its impact on profitability? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So when we look at the ophthal portfolio, we see that this is a portfolio which will be 
closer towards mid-teen. We clearly see us being closer to that mid-teen growth run 
rate for this business. Part of that will also be attributed to some contribution coming 
in from new launches. With respect to overall profitability, this year we believe that 
from an annualized run rate perspective, this portfolio will be close to INR200 crore 
plus. And given the fact that in FY27 also we will be targeting close to mid-teens. We 

 
Page 12 of 15 
are looking at close to INR230 crore annualized run rate franchisee when the 
perpetual license triggers in. And when the perpetual license triggers the gross 
margin profile changes significantly from the current conventional margin profile of 
closer to 20%, it will be much closer to our domestic gross margin profile. One can 
do the math and that's the significant upside we see kicking in, in our overall 
profitability. 
Jason D’Souza: 
Great. The second question that we have is that considering that the net cash 
position is increasing, how do you see other income over the next one or two years? 
Narayan Saraf: 
So we clearly see that we have a significant net cash surplus in this year end and 
based on that and with the future cash flows that we will be generating, we clearly 
see that other income should be in the range of INR65 to INR70 crore next year as 
a treasury income. 
Jason D’Souza: 
And we talked about new partners which will commercialize on the CDMO business, 
any color that we would want to give in terms of the CDMO partners? 
Kunal Khanna: 
The important thing is what we are doing with current partners and selected new 
accounts, and as Nikhil clearly mentioned the kind of new projects which are to be 
commercialized over the next 12 to 18 months, which include lozenges with key 
marquee clients in newer geographies like Europe and North America, there's also 
LATAM opportunity throat sprays, ORS solution. So these are important projects. In 
addition to that, we have always maintained that our endeavor will be to add at least 
one or two more anchor clients every year and we are working towards that. 
Jason D’Souza: 
Any update on the logistic cost in terms of the Red Sea issue especially on 
international freight? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Pretty much the trends are consistent, no significant deviation from what the position 
was earlier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jiwani from IIFL 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jiwani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, on the domestic business, our 
productivity has improved to 8 lakh already and given that the Novartis ophthal 
portfolio would also move announced to us by in FY28 how do you see the 
productivity shaping up for the domestic business over the next three-year period? 
And if you can also comment in terms of the profitability for the domestic India 
business with some of these moving parts? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So we don't talk about the profitability of individual business. Profitability I spoken 
about overall company, which I think has been shared earlier. But let me answer 
your first question. when we talk of 8 lakh productivity, you are talking in totality which 
is inclusive of our ophthal business and in the coming time you should see our 
productivity increasing by 12% to 14% over the next two to three years. 
Rahul Jiwani: 
Okay. Sure sir. And while we appreciate that gross margins on the ophthal portfolio 
will increase, let's say from a 20% kind of a number to a company average number 
in FY28, but do you expect the entire quantum of benefit to flow down to EBITDA as 
well and hence drive a significant improvement in EBITDA margins in FY28? 
Kunal Khanna: 
That is correct, Rahul. A significant part of the gross margin will flow through in the 
EBITDA. It's not a function of productivity being impacted or more people being 
added. It's basically sourcing profile changing and gross margin flowing into EBITDA. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
And while we mentioned that we don't want to comment on individual business 
profitability, we have mentioned earlier that on a standalone basis, the ophthal 
profitability will be if nothing higher than our India business current profitability. 
Rahul Jiwani: 
Sure, sir. So can you also talk about given that there is this risk around Rantac. Let's 
say in the worst-case outcome of you being required to withdraw Rantac from the 
market, what would be our risk mitigation strategy be? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We would not want to comment on anything like that. For us, this is a product which 
has been pretty much been there in existence for so many years with a very strong 
safety profile and we believe that the government and the key stakeholders 
understand that very well and their request of manufacturers being much more 
vigilant towards quality is something which we respect and welcome so that some of 
the other low-cost generic players are pretty much cognizant of the quality 
parameters. As we speak, there are markets in which this molecule has been 
relaunched over the last six to eight months, which again is a very positive sign. And 
as manufacturers, we are committed to maintaining quality and government 
standards. 
Rahul Jiwani: 
Sure, sir. And would it be possible to disclose the number of spreads which you 
would have for Rantac? 
Kunal Khanna: 
It is part of our mass division and for that mass division it is not that Rantac is the 
only brand, there are a significant number of acute brands which we have in that 
particular division. So it's not that our division is dependent on Rantac. If nothing, 
Rantac is not even a priority product. 
Rahul Jiwani: 
Sure, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Naman Bagrecha from IIFL 
Capital Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted your views on the API business. While 
it's a small business we have seen over the last two years, '24, '25, it has been 
declining. So how should we see this business going ahead, do you expect further 
decline and what were the challenges over the last two years? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Actually, when we look at our API business, the third-party sale has always been 
dependent on one key product which is diclofenac and we had always witnessed that 
over the last four years that the market for this particular category was in matured 
phase and in some geographies was declining. Therefore, we had taken a cautious 
call, how we can utilize the API business to maintain our own supply security as well 
as contribute more towards improving the margin profile of our US ANDAs. As a 
result of that we in-source some products and that is contributing to the profitability 
of our U.S. business. So we will continue to do that. We don't see a further decline 
even in terms of third-party sales from where things stand right now. It will pretty 
much be range-bound in what figures we are seeing over the last couple of years, 
but more importantly, how we are leveraging our infrastructure towards contributing 
more towards overall business profitability in terms of captive consumption. That has 
been our effort. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Okay. In the opening remarks, we highlighted that our progressive portfolio is 
growing much faster than the IPM growth. Can you enumerate what would be our 
progressive portfolio growth versus let's say the market growth of that particular 
category? 

 
Page 14 of 15 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So very difficult, Naman, to talk about. See, we in totality are speaking and I think 
earlier Kunal had spoken that probably Cilacar market, Cilnidipine combinations, 
Nicardia, Metrogel, Razel, Azmarda. All this category if I have to give you some 
glimpses, we are beating the market growth that is where we stand. More details can 
be shared offline. And ophthal market also what was shared earlier are growing at 
22% as compared to market growth of 11%, 12%. So we have been beating for 75% 
of our progressive portfolio within India beating the market growth in a significant 
way. That is what I can share. I think Jason can help you at some given time offline. 
If you want more details we will be more than happy to share. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Sure, sure. Sure. Thank you. And sir, the last question is on the dividend payout 
policy. So our dividend has increased. Is there any stated policy where you would 
want to maintain let's say 40%, 50% or 60% kind of a dividend payout? 
Narayan Saraf: 
So our dividend payout, Naman, has been in the range of closer to 35% over last 
two, three years and we continue to be at 35% even for this year. So, I don't see any 
significant change in the strategy of our dividend policy. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
All right. All right. Thanks. Thanks very much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mohammed Patel from 
Edelweiss Public Alternate. Please go ahead. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Yes. Hi. Sir, I have one question. Can you talk a little bit about the non-progressive 
portfolio and what are the management's thoughts on this portfolio going ahead? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, the definition of non-progressive is what I think was spoken about that there are 
some brands within the Rantac franchisee, some SKUs within the Rantac franchisee, 
some SKUs within the Nicardia franchisee. So there are those type of portfolio which 
our people continue to give brand reminder in the clinic of doctor, there is no other 
strategy. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. So that part of the portfolio grows at least with the market or below market? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
If you look at Ranitidine Plain, there is hardly any growth, it is at par with the market. 
In Nicardia we are 90% of the market. So we are only driving the market, now we 
are driving the entire market growth for Nicardia franchise with the help of Nicardia 
XL, Nicardia XL is growing at 25%, 30% whereas Nicardia Plain which is INR7 to 
INR8 crore is stagnant but more now your prescriptions profitability, everything has 
been driven by Nicardia XL which is around INR3-4 crore a month. So that is how 
we manage the portfolio which is non-progressive. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the last question from the line of Meghna Agarwal from Mount Intra Finance. 
Please go ahead.  
Meghna Agarwal:     Thank you for the opportunity, I just wanted to understand about the sale that is 
happening. Any timeline for that? 
Nikhil Chopra:               Which sale? You are talking about which sale? Sale of what? We are into 
Formulations. 
Meghna Agarwal: 
I am asking about the sale of stake by promoter; what is the timeline for that? 

 
Page 15 of 15 
Nikhil Chopra:               It is very difficult for us to answer that question in this conference call. This 
conference call is more related to the performance of the business. So these 
questions will probably be more than; if it is promoter sale, in terms of what actions 
they want to do; we basically are at the top management where we are more focused 
on the business operations. 
Meghna Agarwal: 
So no timeline as of now?  
Nikhil Chopra:               No. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So thank you all for attending the conference call today. This is the fifth year in row 
in terms of the way JB team has been coming, meeting you all and sharing the 
insights in terms of the way business is progressing in transparency. And couple of 
things that more I would like to talk business, business. I think anything and 
everything that we do at JB is best-in-class compliance and I think what was also 
shared that our plants also continue to get audited by US FDA, by other regulatory 
authorities and our people at the plants also have done a fantastic job in terms of 
facing those audits and not only no 483, no observations. That is what we can boast 
in terms of what we have delivered as a company. So whatever drugs we 
manufacture are best-in-class compliance. That is what I wanted to share and 
equally the focus continues to be on the business delivery in terms of driving better 
profitability, focusing more on India which contributes to the 60% of our business, 
CDMO contributing 12% of our business, and also some parts of RoW market which 
are more aligned to our strength, we will see how we can commercialize the new 
products and drive better growth and better productivity in the coming time. Thank 
you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JB Pharma, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
