Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Ref No.: ZLL/CS/BSE/NSE 
Date: 26.05.2025 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code- 541400 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
(Symbol - ZIMLAB) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), please find enclosed the 
transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q4 & FY25 held on Thursday, 22" May, 
2025. The same is available on the Website of the Company at: 
https://www.zimlab.in/investor-reports-earnings-call 
Request you to kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For ZIM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
PIYUSH 
SIDDHESHWAR 
NIKHADE 
(Piyush Nikhade) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A38972 
ZIM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
www.zimlab.in |info@zimlab.in | CIN : L99999MH1984PLC032172 
Works : B-21/22, MIDC Area, Kalmeshwar — 441 501 Dist. Nagpur 
Maharashtra, India. Ph. +91.718.271370 | Fax : +091.7118.271470 
Regd. Office : Sadoday Gyan (Ground Floor), Opp. NADT, Nelson Square, 
Nagpur 
— 440013, Maharashtra, India. Ph. +091.712.2981960

- 
- 
z 
| m 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
“ZIM Laboratories Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2025 
- 
= 
‘m 
et 
o 
z 
™ 
IRJT GO INDIA ADVISORS 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Management: 
e Dr. Anwar Daud - Chairman and Managing Director -- ZIM 
Laboratories Limited 
e Mr. Zulfiqguar Kamal - Director Finance -- ZIM Laboratories Limited 
e Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde — Technical Director -- ZIM Laboratories 
Limited 
e Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro - Chief Financial Officer -- ZIM Laboratories 
Limited 
e Mr. Zain Daud - Investor Relations -- ZIM Laboratories Limited 
Moderator: Ms. Deepika Sharma - Go India Advisors 
Page 1 0f25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Moderator: 
Deepika Sharma: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the ZIM Laboratories Limited Q4 and FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance duringthe conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Inowhand the conference over to Ms. Deepika Sharma from Go India Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 and FY25 earnings 
call of ZIM Laboratories Limited. We have on the call Dr. Anwar Daud, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal, Director Finance; Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro, Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Zain Daud, Investor Relations. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward- 
looking statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company may face. May 
| now request the management 
to take us through the financials 
and the business outlook, subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Deepika. Good afternoon to everyone. This is Anwar Daud speaking. A warm 
welcome to all of you joining us today 
for ZIM Laboratories Limited's earnings conference 
call for the fourth quarter and full year ended March 31, 2025. 
| trust, you've had the opportunity to review our results and the earnings presentation 
available on the exchange. FY25 has been a pivotalyear 
for ZIM, a year marked by focused 
strategic execution, disciplined innovation and resilient business expansion amidst a 
challenging external environment. Despite headwinds, particularly in certain legacy 
markets impacted by currency volatility and geopolitical uncertainty, our team responded 
with agility and commitment, delivering steady growth across key strategic segments. 
Let me begin by sharing some key performance highlights. Of course, Mr. Patro, who will 
follow me, will be able to further elaborate on these numbers as well. In Q4 financial year 
'25, ZIM reported a Total Operating Income of INR 1,087 million with EBITDA and PAT 
margins at 15% and 4.5%, respectively. For the full year FY25, total revenue reached INR 
3,790 million with EBITDA margin at 13.1% and PAT margin at 3.2%. Our Pharmaceutical 
continued to be the cornerstone of our top line, contributing 75% of the total revenue, 
while Nutraceutical accounted for 25%. Export markets contributed 83% of the total 
revenue. 
Page 2 0of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
A key growth driver this year, | am pleased to inform has been the strong performance of 
our innovation-led segment. The New Innovative Products and Oral Thin Film's sales 
together accounted for INR 624 million or 16.5% of total revenue. The NIP segment 
contributed INR 437 million, while OTF, Oral Thin Film, contributed INR 186 million. This 
momentum was fuelled by licensing and co-development partnerships, especially in 
regulated markets, which accounted for INR 98 million NIP plus OTF contributions to total 
operating income was 19% in financial year 25. 
In line with our global expansion strategy, we entered into strategic collaboration, 
including a partnership with a local UAE company to scale our Oral Thin Film footprint 
across the GCC region. 
We also established a scientific office in the Middle East and focused on our Australian 
subsidiary, ZIMTAS Pty. Limited with regulatory filings for innovative products currently in 
progress. They include Oral Thin Film as well as the complex products that we have 
developed and are submitting in Europe and U.K. 
To drive market penetration and accelerate international growth, we appointed dedicated 
regional teams and seasoned business development leaders across various segments. 
On the regulatory and filings front, we maintained a strong momentum. In FY 25, we 
completed 23 NIP filings for 6 molecules, 17 OTF filings for 5 molecules, and 10 FF filings 
for 5 molecules in the regulated, Pharmerging and RoW markets. 
These included 5 NIP filings for 4 molecules and 6 OTF filings for 2 molecules in the EU, 
taking cumulative EU NIP filings to 7 to date and 1 NIP and 1 OTF filingin Australia through 
our subsidiary, ZIMTAS Private Limited. 
We also received marketing authorization during the year for Azithromycin oral 
suspension and Dimethyl Fumarate NIP. Additionally, our partner secured approval for 
buprenorphine sublingual 
film OTF across Europe. 
On the business front, revenues reached INR 665 million, contributing 17% to the total 
operating income, supported by continued supply of high-margin Pharmaceuticals and 
Nutraceutical products to government institutions. Our differentiated offerings, 
especially 
in NIP and OTF are gaining greater adoption in institutional channels as well. 
In terms of infrastructure, FY25 marked the completion of key strategic CapEx projects, 
including a dedicated urology suite for NIP products, a specialized liquid in pellet 
technology suite for high-value OTC products, and we also made targeted investments in 
R&D accounting for 8.8% of total operating income, along with advancements in drug 
delivery technologies, further enhancing our innovation capability. 
Page 3 0of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Shyam Mohan Patro: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
As of now, our pipeline includes 12 NIP products with development of 8 already completed 
and the remaining will be finalized and filed through Financial Year 26, positioning us for 
future growth. There is a second generation of NIP pipeline available with us and work has 
already begun on the same. While we remain mindful 
of macroeconomic and geopolitical 
risks, especially in volatile markets, we continue to operate within a robust risk mitigation 
framework. Our conscious decision to avoid high-risk orders helped safeguard our 
financial health and maintain business continuity. 
With that, | now hand over to Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro, who will walk you through the 
financial highlights for Q4 and Financial Year 25 in greater detail. Over to you, Shyam. 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you, sir. | will now walk you through the key financial 
highlights for the fourth quarter and full financial year ended on 31st March 25. 
Let me start with quarter 
4 financial year 25 highlights. The Total Operating Income stood 
atINR 1,087 million, reflecting a 12.9% increase on a quarter-to-quarter basis and a 7.7% 
decline on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA came in at INR 163 million, up by 22.5% 
sequentially, though 5.2% lower on a year-to-year basis. EBITDA margin for the quarter 
improved to 15%. PAT that is Profit After Tax, was at INR 49 million, marking a 22.1% 
increase on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but 
a 39.7% decline compared 
to Q4 FY24. The PAT 
margin stood at 4.5%. 
The Pharmaceutical business contributed to INR 891 million, accounting for 82% of the 
total operating income, reflecting a 20.6% from the growth over the previous quarter and 
an 8.8% decline compared to the same quarter last year. 
The Nutraceutical business contributed about INR 196 million, comprising 80% of total 
operating income. The R&D investment during the quarter stood at INR 76 million, 
accounting for 7% of the total operating income. The CapEx for the quarter was INR65 
million, primarily directed towards infrastructure upgrades and specialized facility 
enhancement. 
Now I'll move to the full year FY25 -- financial year 25 performance. The total operating 
income for the Financial Year 25 stood at INR 3,790 million, reflecting 
a 3.2%year-on-year 
growth from INR3, 674 million in last year. EBITDA increased by 6.4% to INR 495 million, 
up from INR 465 million in the previous year with an improvement of EBITDA margin, 
improved EBITDA margin of 13.1%. PAT for the yearwas INR 122 million, resulting in a PAT 
margin of 3.2%. 
The Pharmaceutical business contributed INR 2, 836 million, accounting for 75% of the 
total revenue, while the Nutraceutical business contributed INR 954 million, accounting 
for 25% of the total revenue. Export market contributed INR 3, 125 million, representing 
Page 4 0f 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Moderator: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Anwar Daud: 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
83% of the total operating income. The domestic market recorded INR 665 million, 
contributing 17% of the total operating revenue - total operating income. Annual CapEx 
amounted to INR 365 million, supporting capacity expansion and product development. 
The finance cost increased to INR 114 million, up from INR 69 million in last year primarily 
due to increased borrowing, the gearing ratio stood at 44% with total borrowing at INR 1, 
122 million. 
That concludes my remarks. I'll now hand over back for a Q&A session. Thank you. 
The first question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Hi, Good afternoon sir. My first question is on the NIP. Sol think 
in the Europe market now, 
we have 2 regulatory approvals on our name and one for the partner. So going forward, 
how do we see the scale-up of these 3 products in the European market, especially the 
Neuraxpharm, | think that's a pretty large product as far as | understand and very few 
competitors in this space? So what is the indication that we are getting from our partners 
in terms of scale up? And can any of these products be more than $10 million kind of 
revenue potential? 
Yes. A few of these products certainly have that potential. And we have agreements. I'm 
notat liberty 
to disclose all of them at this moment, which points towards this. Just letme 
take a moment to introduce our Technical Director, Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde, who will 
answer —- give a few of the answers as well during this question-and-answer session. So 
Dr. Mainde, just you can introduce yourself and then I'l continue with my answer. 
I'm Dr. Mainde, and I'm here to answeryour questions about some of the NIP products. So 
just | want to mention about what your first question, the launch of the product is a 
complex procedure in the Europe, and there is multiple languages and muitiple artworks 
of the products has to be made. And particularly, you have asked question about the 
Neuraxpharm. They have already started the preparation for this thing and expected to 
launch in another 2 quarters about these products. 
Yes. | mean how should we look at the revenue potential of these 3 products in next 2 years 
in this market, is what probably | would want to understand. 
It's too early. You know thatthere are a lot of -- there's a lot of geopolitical uncertainty. It's 
an era of shortages. We are well positioned, but giving numbers at this moment is a little 
tooearly. Perhaps, as these MA start comingin and our supplies actually start, that's when 
we will be in amuch better place to answer on the number part. 
Page 50f25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Anwar Daud: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
But certainly, historically, these products -- and we have been speaking about these 
products in our investor calls as well. They have avery interesting 
global presence, and we 
seem to be positioned well with some of these products, the competitive space is quite 
thin. So we are hopeful and hope to perform on the lines that our stakeholders, the 
investors feel this company will be able to do. 
Appreciate that. Sir, second questioniisin last 2.5 - 3years, we have almost spent INR 150 
crores on gross block. So now our gross block has moved from INR 190 crores to INR 340- 
odd crores. So how should we see the utilization of this incremental CapEx that we have 
done in next couple of years? And at a peak potential, should we assume INR 650 - INR 
700 crores kind of 
a revenue potential as and when we utilize it to the optimal level? If you 
can throw some light on that. 
Yes. In one word, if you ask me, yes, that's right. We are building in CapEx for the future. 
We know that the products we have developed have potential. We have had early 
successes in the MAs receiving Mas, our filing strategy is in place, and our partnerships 
arein place aswell. There is a rapid clip. If you see the underlicensingincome of this year, 
you will see the difference as well. So there's a lot of confidence at ZIM as well as its 
partners and believe in these products which we have developed for the markets. 
And last question, so on domestic side, we - our absolute revenue barring the deemed 
export has actually de-grown from last year, while a few quarters back, we were very 
optimistic about domestic market, especially with our products launched in tie-up with 
the DRL for the urology side. So if you can give some color on that? And how should we 
look at domestic revenue growth going into FY26 and maybe 2 - 3years perspective? 
Well, | actually also spoke about there beinga traction in the form of several NIP products 
being enlisted by the institutional buyer. So that's a very positive sign that there are 
institutional buyers now who want to Favour these kind of products, which add 
convenience and treatment adherence to the patients. There is a pipeline of products 
which are -- which have been filed with CDSCO as well. 
We are in the process of receiving approvals for these products in India as well. And we 
willdisclose these developments as they occur in due course. Sowe are confident, we are 
positive that over a course of time, | don't know because when we'll be able to give you the 
exact numbers, but you will see the domestic business also growing along with the kind of 
margins that these NIP products command globally as well. So that's the strategy. We are 
on that. And last year, we saw several enlistments. 
About Dr. Reddy's, this is a one-off year because they launched the year before that. So 
perhapsit's only one product. But Dr. Reddy's has shown interest in further products to be 
Page 6 0f 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Moderator: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: 
Ankit Gupta: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
partnered with us. So that's a positive sign that we have an ongoing relationship and 
partnership. And this product also, hopefully, because it's part of a very - of a portfolio 
that they seem to be keen and aggressive in developing. So it will -- whatever the hiccup 
this year will notbe there in the next year, and we are still positive. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Thank you for the opportunity. We have almost 
4 products for which we have received the 
regulatory approval. But for the - then we are yet to start the commercial supplies for one 
of the products for which we have a tie-up with Neuraxpharm, 
you have said we should be 
launchingin another 2quarters. Butthe 3 other products, Dimethyl Fumarate, Ithink that's 
a very big product for multiple sclerosis and Azithromycin suspension and is that 
repeated? When do you expect the commercial supplies to start? 
Yes. This is Dr. Mainde. See already, we have a tie-up with our partner, and to inform you 
thatthere s a complex process. Once we get the approval, particularly 
all partners’ wants 
to market the product. So we need to do some procedures for the duplications of the 
licenses to the partner's name, and it is taking time for both the products, Dimethyl 
Fumarate and Azithromycin Suspension, the process has been started. So we are hopeful 
to launch this product in the third quarter. Third quarter, mostly in the end of the third 
quarter, this productwill be in the Europe. 
Sure. And for rest of the products for which we have done the regulatory filing and are 
awaiting regulatory approvals, when are we expecting for the urology... 
As per most of our submissions are done through the, what we call DCP procedure, 
Decentralized Procedure in which we have filed in many countries. So most of our 
products, whatever 6 - 7 products we filed already in the first stage of the validation means 
acceptance of products for the further evaluation has been done. 
And mostof the cases, the calendar 
has already started. So in some of the cases, we have 
at the different stages of the calendar, somewhere calendar has been stopped because 
we have to answer some queries. So overall, | will say thatwe are on the track, and we are 
not out of the track 
for any product. We are on the way of answeringall the queries. 
So hopefully, we feel that most of the products can start getting the MAs in the last quarter 
or the beginning of the next this thing because we are expecting that. If anything is not 
specific, then in the next year, first quarter, we are expecting at least 2 - 3 MAs. 
So in FY27, second half, we'll have 3 commercial launches, which would definitely 
happen. And hopefully, we should - at least in FY27 end or Q1 of FY28, we should see at 
least 3 - 4 approvals, is what you are indicating? 
Page 7 0f 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Anwar Daud: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Anwar Daud: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Anwar Daud: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Yes, that's what it looks like. Everything going well. That's what it looks like. 
Sure. Sir, on the margins front, we saw a significant jump in our NIP plus OTF. They grew 
by almost 64% in this financial year. But despite that, our margins have improved slightly 
from 11% to 12%. In fact, FY24 was a one-off year. If we compare even with FY23, we have 
not -- our margins have actually declined from 13% to 12% in FY25 compared to FY23. So 
with NIP and OTF increasing, despite that, our margins have notimproved in FY25. Sowhat 
has been the reason for that? And how 
do you see the margin? 
You are speaking of average margins, right? 
EBITDA margins. I'm talking about the Operating Profit Margin. 
Maybe our Finance Director, Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal will answer 
for that. He's come prepared 
for that. 
Yes. So as you are aware, our EBITDA margin for 24 was 12.7% versus our EBITDA margin 
for 25 is 13.1%. So there is a definitely slight improvement. But you are right in sayingthat 
the contribution to NIP products, if it is increased further, there will be a sufficient 
improvement in the margin going forward. So once the NIP product, OTF products what 
we are aimingat, once they increase, the EBITDA margin will also increase. 
And overall turnover, what we had started with the year for the target as soon as the 
turnover gets increased, our EBITDA margin will have a direct impact on the EBITDA 
because the OpEx cost and other costs will practically remain the same. 
Sir, one question over - if you look at the past 
4 - 5 years, our revenues have remained in 
the range of around INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores from FY21 to FY25. Our EBITDA 
margin, despite all the efforts that we are doing have remained from in the range of INR 40 
crores to INR 52 crores in the past 5 years. 
Now with so much CapEx being done, the NIP being commercialized, next 2years, can we 
expect that FY26 - 27, we should start growing at 25% - 30% and our margins should 
increase to 15% - 17%. Will that be a realistic expectation with so much of R&D. 
That is a realistic expectation. And there is some reason for that because see, although 
the business is about in the range of 20% of the NIP product. And the rest of the products 
on which the company works are own legacy products, even though if they are complex, 
there is -- the competitive space is not so rare. The price pressure in these products is 
being more than offset by the new products. And the company is in the stage of 
a pivot. 
Soitis letting go of some businesses as well o that - because they don't make any sense 
for the future of what ZIM sees itself is becoming. So that -- | mean all of these factors 
Page 8 0f 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Moderator: 
Majid Ahamed: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Majid Ahamed: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Majid Ahamed: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
together point 
to a strategy. And just 
to sum it up, we are on a strategy. And on the strategy, 
| think we are on the right track because the strategy of the company has been spelled out 
to its stakeholders and investors since the beginning. 
So shift from the old legacy products to New Innovative Products, increase in their 
business, tie-ups with strategic partners, commissions, and going for the kind of products 
which we - I think the company has the strength to do, all that is going 
on as a strategy. So 
sometimes a mix of that is the result thatyou see in the financial statement. And just to 
explain it a little bitmore, | think Mr. Kamal will... 
Yes. So as you rightly mentioned, the top line is totally dependent on the increase in the 
NIP product and the regulated market sales. Butas you have seen, there is an operational 
-- operating cost has beenrationalized. Itis now in the similar line. And once the business 
mixchanges and the business grows, the overall margin will definitely improve both in the 
top line as far as -- and in the EBITDA margin also. 
The next question is from the line of Majid Ahamed from Pinpoint 
X Capital. 
Good afternoon Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question that | have is like 
ofthe NIP and all these filings have been done, how much is now currently contributing 
to 
the Pharmaceutical business for FY25? 
We already mentioned that it is contributing around 16.4% of the revenue. 
Okay. As per your internal target, what type of ballpark number can you give going forward 
for the overall contribution in next 2 or 3 years? 
So as you are aware, we have already -- as per the strategy, what we have already 
mentioned earlier, Dr. Daud that our strategy is to go in for the regulated market and 
whatever growth, what we are going 
to foresee, coming from the MA registered and under 
registration, so it will definitely increase and it will be going around 30% - 40% in the 
coming years. 
Andforthat, the CapEx already, as mentioned, has been all completed. Capacity has been 
built. So only there is some certain regulatory delays, which is not in our hands. Going 
forward, we expect that this contribution to overall sales of NIP and OTF will increase. 
Okay, sir. And going forward, sir, the plan -- is there a plan 
to deleverage the balance sheet 
or are we going 
to do even further CapEx? Can you give some idea on that? 
No. As of now, the CapEx, whatever is in the normal stage will be there 
just to upgrade the 
facility. No further big CapEx is expected. We are awaiting all the MAs and registration to 
utilize our newly build capacity. So it will be a better utilization of our — there will be a major 
Page 9 0of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Majid Ahamed: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Majid Ahamed: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Moderator: 
Rohit: 
Anwar Daud: 
Rohit: 
Anwar Daud: 
Rohit: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
improvement in the asset turnover ratio going forward. No further major CapEx is now 
expected. 
Okay, sir. And what is the upcoming working capital days that you're looking to, going 
forward? Will it be remaining same or itwould increase going forward? 
It is on the range. The inventory days is around 80 - 81 days. So it will be remaining the 
same. Later it will -- as of now, it is on 100-day cycle, but it is -- we are improving it to 90 
days. Restitis overall DCA days, which is around 223 as of now, we are further expecting 
to reduce itfurther. 
And net GCA, if you see, itis on the range of around 60 - 63 days, which 
will be continuing on the same line. 
Okay. Finally, sir, last question is like what is your projection of your fixed asset turnover 
from this incremental CapEx any sort of numbers you can give? 
Our fixed asset tumover ratio, as | mentioned, it will all depend on the getting the MA, but 
the asset part is now fixed only, the turnover will improve. So definitely, they will find an 
improvement in the asset turnover ratios. 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, just first, | wanted to geta clarity. So in terms of your NIP from the 
regulated markets, you are expecting revenues in this year by end of Q3 and Q4. Is that 
understanding correct? That's my first clarification. 
As our Technical Director already stated. That's what we are expecting. Although you can't 
really predict how the assessor will --when the MA will really come, but we are expecting. 
Based on the kind of success we have had with the filings, the queries that have been 
raised and the way we have answered them, we do expect. 
No, no. I'm saying -- so for right now, you have Dimethyl Fumarate and Buprenorphine - so 
in these 2 products, you are expecting revenue in FY26 from the regulated markets? Is my 
question. 
Yes, that's right. One side | want to give you is that these products have already - we have 
started marketing these in the emerging markets. These products have 16% of the turnover 
of these NIP products came from the emerging markets, and they had a very positive 
contribution to the EBITDA in general. So the kind of margins we have imagined and the 
kind of business we imagine for these products, the indicative signs today are very positive 
for us and quite heartening. 
Right. So sir, | mean, just asking a similar question what was done — asked by a previous 
participant. So sir, you mentioned that these products, and we have seen very strong 
Page 10 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Rohit: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
growth, and you're also saying that these margins are better, but it is not yet visible in the 
overall margins yet. I'm talking about Operating Margins. So this is above depreciation and 
interest cost also. 
So we've seen that if | see your base business ex of NIP and OTF and license income, that 
has actually declined from FY23 from about INR 380 crores to about INR 315 crores - INR 
320 crores in the last 2 years. 
And it has -- last year also it declined and this year also it has declined. So what is leading 
to that kind of decline? And not withstanding that, will you see margins improve? Or will 
we have to again see very marginal improvement in margins if the... 
Sorry sir, which number has got decline, I'm not able to understand because as per my... 
No, no, let me clarify, sir. Let me clarify. Sir, I'm saying if | look at your overall turnover 
today, sir, S0 - and I'm excluding the NIP and OTF from that. So this year, we have done 
INR 379 crores of income, excluding other income. And if we exclude the NIP and OTF 
income of INR 62 crores, then our revenue is around INR 317 crores. 
Sol do the same analysis for FY23, sir, this revenue was INR 382 crores, which means that 
some of the business, which we call as base business has reduced. Now Mr. Daud has 
said thatwe are also removing some business as maybe some of the low-margin business 
‘we are removing, etc. 
Maybe that is also there. But | just wanted to understand that this expansion in NIP and 
OTF business, even if it is in emerging markets, which is also high margin as per what Mr. 
Daud just said, | wanted to understand when will we see that expansion in the overall 
numbers for the company? Will that be in FY26? 
Or there s still some more culling out or more issues in the base business and which will 
sort of hinder that expansion in margins for us to be seen and maybe it is more towards 
FY27. So | just wanted to understand that. 
Yes. So this is again Zulfiquar Kamal speaking. So you have very rightly said that -- but you 
have said it in a different manner. The increase in NIP and OTF is our strategy and NIP 
product for Europe regulated market, as Dr. Daud mentioned, we are as per our strategy 
going on. But again, regarding the legacy product, there is a little bit downfall on the PFI 
side because of the headwind which he has mentioned and the currency issues which we 
are facing, which has now been solved. 
And if you remember the last year's call, there was some -- one of our customers who has 
been delayed -- there was some currency issue with them. So that order delayed in this 
Page 11 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Rohit: 
Anwar Daud: 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: 
Rohit: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
year, which has now been taken care of. And for the coming year, our legacy business will 
be stabilized at the rate which was going on. 
And going forward to the next question regarding NIP and OTF, all these products have 
been now under registration. The agreements are in place. And some part of -- like today, 
we have mentioned this year, it is 16%. We assume --we are definitely projecting a growth 
in the NIP this year also. But the exact estimate we will be giving only after first quarter. So 
thatNIPis a contribution of NIP and OTF going forward. 
Understood. And sir, one product | wanted to understand, so this Dimethyl Fumarate is a 
big product, and I think ayear or 2 back, I think a lot of the generic versions their marketing 
authorizations were also revoked. So right now, in terms of this product, what kind of 
competition is there? 
And what is the - what is your expectation from this product for us? And do we have 
multiple partners for this? Or are we going for the opioid product only with one single 
partner. So if you can maybe share whatever you can share in this? 
So sometimes these kind of events are also a good news for some companies, and Dr. 
Mainde will take you through the technology thatwe have and what opportunities we have 
on this product, even though there were multiple partners and theirs MAs were removed. 
I wish to inform you that this product is a very critical product, and we have something 
different technology from the innovator product. In spite of different technology and 
different pharmaceutical system, we have gota Pharmaceutical equivalency and we have 
gota MA. And now we have already been in the talk with some of the companies for our 
specialized products, including 
the innovator 
who s marketing this product. Also, we have 
multiple partners. 
As | mentioned earlier also, now after the grant of MA, we are in the process of launching 
the product. Launching the product means particularly making that artwork, then the 
preparation, which market. So there is a language barrier. So many languages are there. 
And some making some leaflets and all these things for this thing. This is taking 
a time. So 
as mentioned, in the third quarter, you will see our products in the market. 
Gotit, sir. And sir, just technically one thing. Sowhen we say 
-- so you will start selling, you 
will start booking revenues in the third quarter for your partners, right? Or will the 
product... 
So it will depend on our partners. So that's the expectation. And just to add to what Dr. 
Mainde, he made a technical statement. So our process is not infringing. The reason for 
which the MAs were withdrawn was that their process actually infringed the originators’ 
Page 12 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Rohit: 
Anwar Daud: 
Moderator: 
Kartik: 
Anwar Daud: 
Kartik: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
process. So there are a lot of - there is some interest from potential partner whose MA 
was withdrawn as well for ZIM’s product. 
Right, right. And sir, last question before I join back is that, sir, this partnership that you 
have with Globalpharma that you just announced last month. So can you share some 
contours of that? What exactly will it be? And when will — | mean, what kind of 
opportunity... 
| mean we have given out the information there. It's a very -- we are a very transparent 
company that way that whatever we can disclose has certainly been disclosed there. It's 
for the entire Middle East and its Globalpharma, if you go on their website, you will see the 
ownership as well. 
So you will understand it's a very strong company. It's like a flagship for the country. And 
this partnership and with us is a long-term relationship 
with Globalpharma and ZIM to put 
the Oral Films in the market. And certainly, it's avery interesting role for them to play inthe 
Middle East. And it's a 10-year partnership. 
The next question is from the line of Kartik from Samatva Investments. 
Sir, the first question s, since we already have a few MAs in our hand and few have come 
pretty recently. And you have already clarified that the -- we can see the impact on the 
sales from Q3 this financial year onwards. Can you clarify when is your production 
scheduled in order to... 
Productions are scheduled based upon the -- after the press, and the packaging and all 
those artwork and everything is finalized, and it's entirely in the hand of the partner. So 
once we receive the order, certainly, we'll start our manufacturing activities, and we will 
schedule for some kind of launch that they have, it will be well in advance, certainly, of 
their launch. 
It is difficult to predict when we will start manufacturing. We have the CapEx. We have 
everything in place now and the agreement with the partners as well. So now just waiting 
for everything to fall through from the partner's side so that we can start our activity and 
they can be in the market. 
So'to get the sales from there, I'm hoping that either in Q1, which is the current quarter -- 
Q2, the next quarter, we have to get the production done. So I'm hoping that all the 
procurement. 
We'llbe clearer about the numbers by between Q1 to Q2, and we'll be very happy to share 
them with you. 
Page 13 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Kartik: 
Anwar Daud: 
Kartik: 
Moderator: 
Kartik: 
Anwar Daud: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Kartik: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So no, my question was around -- so the procurement of the raw material, getting that and 
getting the packing material, getting the product dispatching, receiving there and then 
doing sales, all that should happen within the next 4, 5 -- 
4 months, right? 
Yes, we are expecting that. 
Okay, Sir. My second question is, so we have had the domestic revenue in the FY... 
Yes, we lost your audio. Can you please repeat your question? 
For domestic revenue for FY24 was INR 64.6 crores, whereas in FY25, it declined to INR 
53.6 crores. | also understand that there was a statement made that voluntarily, we are 
also not interested in certain low-margin business that was there and another statement 
saying there are headwinds with respect to volatility in certain markets because of 
currency and all. So since I'm restricting my question to only domestic, how much of this 
17% de-growth is related tovoluntary reduction and how muchwas regarding 
the market? 
Well, it is the market in the sense this was an election year. As you understand, 
governments make —- institutions make their budgets only -- actually, there is a kind of 
stoppage or pause in orders from institutions during the election and after that. There is 
there's about system. Sothis happens only once in 5 years. And that's what happened 
this 
year as well. 
I'm sure this will pick up this year, but we will be -- as you have also been able to repeat 
thatfor us, that we are very mindful of not doing 
the things that other institutional players. 
We are enlisting our NIP products. 
And we'll work in complex products. So those by definition are going to be - although 
there's an increase and avery heightened interest in these kind of products by institutions 
and they have margins and less competitive space, but that's the strategy, to be in the 
institutional business and out-licensing business in India with high-margin products. We 
certainly keep on sacrificing 
the low-margin business. 
This is specific to your question, there was an order 
of government of Maharashtra in 24 of 
around INR 20 crores, which because of the election year of INR 20 crores order was not 
received in the year ending March 25. And it did not defer for the next year. Only one order 
was there, which has made a little bit of difference. 
Just a related question to that domestic sphere itself. We have a star product at least 
within the urology space and which is an NIP and we are doing it with our partner, Dr. 
Reddy's. How 
is the performance of thatincremental 
growth happening in that part? 
Page 14 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: At present, Dr. Reddy's has launched this product in the limited segment with limited 
Kartik: 
Anwar Daud: 
Moderator: 
Shyam: 
Anwar Daud: 
Shyam: 
Anwar Daud: 
Shyam: 
Anwar Daud: 
states. And from this year onwards, | think they are planning 
to take the products to all the 
states. They are marketing state-wise. So we are expecting growth fromthat. 
So the new urology suite that you have just done the CapEx for, does that cater to this as 
well? 
Yes. 
The next question is from the line of Shyam from Atlas Financial Partners. 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to how does ZIM plan to 
accelerate institutional channel penetration domestically, especially 
for its differentiated 
NIP and OTF products? 
Can you repeat yourself, Shyam? Itwasn't clear. 
Okay. How are we planning 
to accelerate institutional channel penetration in domestic 
market, especially for our NIP and OTF products? 
Well, we are in the - as | already told you, there are 2 areas in which -- because ZIM has a 
strength in the institutional market. So we have started registering these products with the 
institutional buyers, and we have had a fair degree of success last year. And the results 
will be there in the next year in the domestic business as we go forward. That's one. 
The second part is out-licensing these kind of products to Indian partners. But we are 
being careful about the tie-ups here because we don't want the products to be 
compromised in our export business, where we have already signed decent agreements. 
So it's taking us some time to select the right partner 
for the right product. 
And we are in the process of appointing a domestic out-licensing executive who 
understands the nuances of these products and with the right connection. Perhaps that 
strategy could actually add to a more structured format for the out-licensing business 
domestically. 
Soare we in discussions for new MAs for institutional channel in domestic markets for our 
NIP products? 
Yes. That's what | said. We are enlisting these products in the institutional markets. We 
have met some success in last year. 
Page 15 of 25

- 
= 
z 
u m 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Shyam: 
Anwar Daud: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Shyam: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Shyam: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Okay. Somy next question is with respect 
to the ZIM's strategic intent 
to focus on Australia 
through its subsidiary. So if you can put some color on that, how it would be that will be 
covered over there. 
Zulfiguar will add the - 
Yes. SoinAustralia, 
we have filed 2 products. One is NIP and one is OTF, which has already 
been mentioned by Dr. Daud, and we are expecting 
to get their MAs immediately. We are 
already in discussion with major distributors as the products are registered in our own 
subsidiary and the MA belongs toZIM itself. So we are finalizing that marketing agreement. 
Andwithin - by second quarter 
or third quarter, we'll be able to have a clear idea of launch 
about-- of launching of these products. 
So how big is the market we're expecting in Australia and what will be the contribution in 
our top line from Australia? 
As of now, it's too early because once the MA and the price are fixed, then only we'll be 
able to get the proper projections from the marketing and the distributors. And that time, 
we'llbe able to understand the exact margin. 
Okay. And so my next question with respect to the research expenses that we are doing. 
What is the proportion that is going into salaries and what is the proportion that is going 
into buying of testing machine or other expenses? 
So R&D expenses, as informed to you earlier, it is around 8.5% and which is --which will 
be on the similar line going forward because we are under — now started developing our 
NIP 2 line. And this will be giving us the technology and what Dr. Daud and Dr. Mainde are 
working on it. 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from JM Financial Family Office. 
I'm still new to the company. One thing | wanted to understand is that if | see the historical 
growth rate, etc., overthe last many years, the growth rate has been fairly muted. And now 
we are talking about, say, something like a 25%, 30% growth rate in the next, say, 2 - 3 
years. 
I'm just trying to think, one, why has the past performance been so slow? Is it because the 
product approvals have taken time? Or is it that the strategy was getting built out at that 
point of time? And to avoid a similar slow phase of growth, say, in the next 10 years, I'm 
justsayingin a big picture way, whatis the steps which we are taking that this thing doesn't 
repeat in the next 10years, basically? 
Page 16 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Zain Daud: 
Anwar Daud: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So Nikhil, this is Zain. So | think like you rightly said, in the last few years, what had 
happenedis, once we took 
a strategic pivot, the company of this size in a Pharmaindustry, 
there is only limited amount of investment and limited amount of focus we can have. So 
we decided that our strategy, like we have told investors before, is the Europe and 
developed market strategy. 
So once we started that strategy, obviously, some of the focus was on that. And like any 
strategy in Pharma, it takes some years to progress and bear fruits. So | think this time 
when we have this strategy, once the strategy play out, Dr. Daud will explain to you further 
how the strategy is going to play out in the next few years. 
So see, it's a company which is pivoting from the RoW, domestic, emerging market 
business into the regulated markets business, so the capital investments and the 
recruitment, everythingis being done, keepingin mind our products and where we want 
to 
be in the next few years. So the pivot itself has dictated the strategy of - if you see the 
internal product mix, there's a big difference. 
The contribution is now Nutraceuticals is about 15%, and the contribution by the NIP and 
OTF business is in the range of 16%. And this is just the RoW and emerging markets 
business. | also spoke about the gross margin improvement, how even the small business, 
about 10% of the total business has contributed to the increase in margin. 
Soallthat is also reflected even though the top line remains the same, the MAs comingin, 
the patents we have, the kind of agreement income that we have, out-licensing income is 
avery good indicator of the quality of your dossier because we have - the agreements are 
--the out-licensing deals are with companies in the size of between $350 million to about 
$1.5billion. 
And they will not sign these agreements unless they are confident of the product as well 
as the quality of the dossier and the quality of the submission. So all that is there, which 
gives us a lot of satisfaction that we seem to be on the right track. And top line is not -- for 
acompany like this, top line is not the only indicator of success. 
No, I'm sure you're right. But it's just that finally, there has to be growth, right? And the 
strategy, as you're rightly saying, are tuned to that going forward. So| understand it's taken 
some bit of time. But with the pipeline which is in place, as you're saying that we should 
be now growing in the range of, say, 25% - 30%, say, in the near term, next... 
We have already said that. We have already said that. Inthe next 2 years, the first question 
was about this. And | mean, it's a kind of a yes or no required from us in the next 2 or 3 
years, do you see the company growing? And we said, yes, certainly, because all the MAs 
are coming in now and coming in the 3 or 
4 quarters that we have spoken about. 
Page 17 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Anwar Daud: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Moderator: 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Anwar Daud: 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
And some of the MAs which are already there, there's a pretty active interface with the 
partner on the artwork and all other things and along with the kind of the intent to place 
orders and the kind of quantities they want to buy initially. Our marketing team is also 
growing, and we'll continue that for the next few years as well. 
And the last bit would be, as these products come into actual market, how 
do you see the 
operating --the EBITDA margin profile really changing? Like what kind of improvement one 
can expect, say, the next 2 to 3 years? 
I think Zulfiquar can add to that. 
Remember, we have mentioned earlier, the EBITDA margin will definitely have a big impact 
on it because the operatingincome, everything 
has been rationalized. The R&D expenses, 
even though itis a little bit high, we foresee agood EBITDA margin on upper teens, we are 
expecting that going forward. 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Chatterjee from MaiQ Capital. 
Thank you sir for taking my question. Sir, my first question is like with so many 
developments happening in the NIP - OTF side and then base business also suffering. 
Could you please give us like a guidance -- revenue guidance in the next 2 to 3 years? And 
when do you see the margin inflection happening, EBITDA margin inflection happening? 
Would it be like from FY26 or from FY27? 
So already we have mentioned earlier and again and again, where we are looking for the 
upper teens EBITDA margins. And definitely, with whatever has been said on the regulatory 
front there because something is not in our hands. And once the regulatory approvals are 
received, ourtop line will also increase. 
And as we have mentioned, the CapEx and everything is in place. We are hiring more 
marketing 
team for growth. So perhaps 
this year, there can be a good growth, butthe exact 
earnings guidance we'll be able to give you from the second quarter. 
Third quarter. 
Sir, if 1 understand correctly, how much does this NIP plus OTF can become as a total 
percent of your business? Can it go to like 25%, 30% or 50%? 
Over a period of time, it could be half and half. It can go up to 50% also. Over a period of 
time. Over a period of 
-- 
Page 18 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Anwar Daud: 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Moderator: 
Puijit Agarwal: 
Anwar Daud: 
Puijit Agarwal: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
But exact guidance, we'll not be able to give this today. We'll be able to only give after 
second quarter where we'll be very much clear about from the -- our MAreceived and the 
marketing partners what we have already agreed with. 
And sir, my second question is, do you have any plans of deleveraging as of now? And if 
s0, what - like what is the plan to go forward? 
No. As we have mentioned, the CapEx has already been closed. Ourborrowings have been 
already closed. So there is -- and we have been able to finance all these things from 
internal accruals and borrowings. So going forward, there is no plan of deleveraging or any 
adding. 
At this moment. As of this moment for sure. 
And sir, if | may know your current capacity utilization and what will it be like in the future? 
Pardon? 
Current capacity utilization and what will it be like in the future? 
Capacity utilization? 
Yes. 
Yes, yes. Capacity utilization as of now is -- as we have mentioned, both the suites are now 
ready. Itis as of now very low. Whatever we are ready for the turnover and whatever this 
will be there, there will be no further capital expenditure going forward. 
The next question is from the line of Pujit Agarwal, who is an individual investor. 
Hi. So | just wanted to understand like what kind of steps are you guys taking in terms of 
marketing, like employee cost should stabilize around INR 65 crores to INR 68 crores for 
FY 267 
That's right. Yes, yes. The employee cost is also keeping in mind the next 3 years the 
company has and keeping that, | think it will more or less stabilize. We have right number 
of personnel and executives, highly qualified members in the team to take this company 
forward in the regulated markets. And we just spoke about in due course oftime, having a 
half and half mix of business in the regulated and emerging markets. 
And I just wanted to understand from Dr. Mainde, like, | mean, since the research work 
thatyou guys started like 4 years is almost going 
to come toan end in, let's say, FY27, what 
i the future pipeline? And what kind of R&D are you guys looking at in the future... 
Page 19 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: As | mentioned in our talk, we are already finishing up our first NIP products, and we have 
Puijit Agarwal: 
Anwar Daud: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Moderator: 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
already selected the other NIP products, which are also on the same line. They are also 
differentiated NIP products. And most likely, these products are more complex and they 
arefirstto file. So already, we are in that direction. 
At this moment, it is very confidential to disclose anything. But these products will also 
based on our platform technologies. So we will have a - 2 protection from our platform 
technology. Itis under well patented as well as a product patent. 
Got it. 
| just wanted to understand like this fiscal, Bangladesh and UAE, what is the 
percentage of revenue that they have contributed? 
We don't give out such details. 
Itis difficult to net out that detail between formulation and others. Butgoing forward, once 
the business mix will be stabilized, we'll be able to disclose. 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. 
Hi, Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is on the, say, for 
the next - for FY26 and for FY27, what would be the absolute spend on the R&D and onthe 
CapExfor each of the years?| mean at least an approximate plan thatyou havefor the next 
2years, R&D spend & CapEx. 
So as far as | mentioned, CapEx will -- all the major CapEx have already been completed. 
There will be only -- the CapEx will be on the more on the up-gradation and improving 
technology. No further major projects will be taken forward. As far as the R&D, it will be on 
the similar absolute numbers, which we'll be spending 
to keep the R&D momentum of NIP 
and NIP pipeline going forward with the same BE and the filing budgets. We have already 
approved BE line for bioequivalence study products going forward and filing will continue 
on the same absolute numbers. So in short, it should be in the similar line. 
And my second question is on the legacy business. So when you said that the currency 
issues with a large client have now been resolved, so would the legacy business stabilize 
atthe current level? Or should we see a recovery back 
to the previous level in terms of the 
legacy business? 
No, it will be seen back to the previous levels, and there will be a nominal growth also on 
the same line on the legacy. 
Soyou're sayingthat the business will come back to where itwas in the past. 
Itwill be as per the past trends only. 
Page 20 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Anwar Daud: 
Chandrashekhar Mainde: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
And the final question is on the Phase 2 of the NIP, which is starting now, where you want 
to do work now. So from the whole learning from the Phase 1, so can you talk about the 
key learnings in terms of the go-to-market or in terms of your approach in terms of 
understanding 
the end market, understanding 
the ease of sale, the partnership the whole 
bit, what are the key changes that you would wantto make in the Phase 2 of this journey? 
The learnings are the kind of learning that apply 
to any new entrant. First of all, the strategy 
about pivot where we need to file, where we don't need to file, okay, the kind of partners 
we need to approach and what stage we need to approach them. Perhaps some of the 
approaches were too early and some ofthem were too late. So we have to be very strategic 
inthe momentwe select the products. We have to be strategic about the partners we took 
to get in touch without losing confidentiality. So that's one of the learnings. 
The other learning is the filing strategy. And | feel every stage of this kind of business that 
ayoung company 
for this kind of business, we are a young company, does, will always be 
learning. 
One of the things -- one of the good outcomes of the learning and trying to enter this kind 
of a market is having an understanding of the general regulatory tightening in even the 
emerging markets. Which is standing us in very good stage because of the kind of quality 
system we have built for exporting our products to the regulated markets. | think we are 
having afar easier time in the regulatory tightening that is happening domestically as well 
as in the emerging markets. 
Here one of the learning what we have taken. Earlier, we are giving our dossiers, 
particularly all dossiers and our partners are filing. Now we are also -- as at ZIM also, we 
are filing and investing in so that at the end of all process, ZIM will have also its MA on its 
own name. Once we have MA on its own name, we can have all rights to multiply the MA. 
We can have many partners. 
So now we are keeping almost all rights with us. And most of our deals, whatever now we 
are signing are nonexclusive. So this gives us the very wide chance to have approach to 
the many customers and maximize our efforts in all markets. | mean in Europe, there are 
26 countries and so many players. Sothis gives us quite a nonexclusive deal, gives us quite 
aflexibility to approach to multiple partners once we have a MAin the place. 
Everywhere, this is our strategy. This is the opportunity 
that presents itself 
to any company 
once ts track record in filing, in making these kind of products, having the bioequivalence 
and having partners who have a certain reputation and prestige. So once you have that, 
thenyou have the flexibility and the opportunity 
to be able to dictate some terms. So that's 
alearning, and we are -- we have learned that well and we are going to use it. 
Page 21 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Moderator: 
Deep Gandhi: 
Anwar Daud: 
Deep Gandhi: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from ithought PMS. 
So sir, | have 2 questions. So first is a bit on the long-term perspective side. So last 5 - 6 
years, we've spent and we've spent a lot of time money towards R&D. But from last 1 - 2 
quarters from your commentary, it seems like finally, we are atthe cusp of getting fruits of 
that R&D now. 
The point is that it might start in Q3 - Q4, notinterested in that. But canyou talk about this? 
I mean, are we right in our understanding? And what are the risks you see? | mean, apart 
from the execution risk, you might see some delays. But apart from that, what are the risks 
you see today? 
Well, the biggest risk and the most -- | mean, all of us in India are aware of this risk is the 
geopolitical instability. That's there. Currency fluctuation, currency problems. It's an 
uncertain world. We have tried to protect the interests of this company and its 
stakeholders by, first of all, spreading ourselves on having a larger geographical footprint. 
That's number one. 
Number two, staying -- also staying back on our legacy business because those are the 
roots. We are choosing the kind of business we should do in our legacy markets, but we 
are not letting go of them. So we are increasing our foothold without letting go of the 
geographies in which we have traditionally been present. So that -- maybe it's the 
company's business. 
Also, the kind of investments we have done during this 4 or 5 years would be very difficult 
to do in these kind of uncertain times for any company. So we are happy with what has 
been done in the last 4- 5 years in terms of CapEx and building up a team, which can take 
us forward confidently in the next 3 or 4 years. So that's been done. 
We have had a lot of learning in the filing strategies and the partnerships and the terms on 
which we should do these partnerships as well. So it's all good. In fact, there are some 
places where these kind of products have, in the RoW and emerging markets, where these 
products have -- command very good margins, and we are very well placed competitively 
because of the way in which we have worked in these additional markets. 
Soit's agood strategy. It's a mix of derisking, having a much broader geographical footprint 
looking 
to our size and taking advantage of the kind of markets that are being offered to the 
company at this time in terms of the successful execution of our NIP strategy. 
Thanks for that detailed answers. And sir, second is again on the legacy business side. | 
mean you are expecting that order 
to -- the order which got deferred. So that might happen 
Page 22 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Anwar Daud: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Patel: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Rohan Patel: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
this year. So what kind of growth are you expecting in the base business for FY'26, if you 
exclude, say, the NIP and the OTF products? 
Yes, 5% - 10% | mean that -- because see, you have to understand there's uncertainty 
everywhere. So this is what we know at this moment. This is the first quarter. Probably at 
the end of the second quarter is when we would be able to give you the growth, the 
percentages and numbers with a lot more confidence about the year. 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Patel from Turtle Capital. 
Thanks for the opportunity. So sir, you have already given your goal of taking our NIP and 
OTF to 50% of our sales. Considering 
that you are now more sanguine about the prospect 
of NIP and OTF and we are way closer to getting marketing authorization in regulatory in 
Europe and we have partners that are ready to start selling. Can you just give us an insight 
in how 
do you see this NIP plus OTF going from, say, 19% that we are in FY25 to, say, in 
FY26 and FY27, how will that transition be for us? 
We are very optimistic about that transition. Details are - we have already signed 
agreements for the sale. Our marketing partners and the filing partners have given us the 
proper projections for it. But as you are aware, this is a very — we'll be doing it for the first 
time, and there are a lot of regulatory hurdles like Dr. Mainde and Dr. Daud mentioned. 
So exact growth, which will be for this year and the next year will be difficult. But as we 
mentioned, the growth we have already given our guidance that going forward, it will be 
more than 30% to 40%. It will NIP and the OTF will contribute around 30% to 40% of our 
total turnover. 
Andssir, justto understand it better, currently, we are at INR 62 crores of base and we want 
to take this -- like we are giving -- you are accepting that we want to grow at 25% - 30% 
CAGR rate for next few years. So that would be considering that NIP and OTF would be 
growing much faster than it. 
So do you think that most of that growth will be coming from 2 to 3 products for which we 
have MA and that would be like focused on from 80% of our export contribution. Most of 
that growth will come from our regulated market and 2 to 3 products concentrated? 
Yes, definitely, it will ~ not only from the regulated market, but also from the RoW market 
because the filing of these products are being done both in the regulatory and Row 
market. Also from other emerging markets where there is an advantage like if you get an 
MA in EU, there are very fast track registration in Australia and other U.K. and Australia and 
other Pharmerging markets. 
Page 23 of 25

Z'm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
Rohan Patel: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Anwar Daud: 
Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Anwar Daud: 
Moderator: 
Anwar Daud: 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So definitely, we will take advantage of that regulatory support and registration support. 
Soallin all, NIP and OTF products after getting MAs, there is a lot of opportunity gets open 
for us. And we are depending on the growth going forward from these 2 segment of the 
business. So they will contribute more than 20% - 30% going forward, 30% - 40% going 
forward on the total sales. So there will be nota 20% growth over the last year. Their share 
NIP and OTF on the total sale will grow. 
And considering that a lot of things are as per going our plans and we are also by Q3 
starting with selling, do you find any risk or constraints that could come and hinder our 
growth or make it difficult for us to achieve our targets? 
Yes. So as we have earlier also mentioned, there is a regulatory risk what we are looking at 
because that s not in our hand. And secondly, in most of the cases, we are depending on 
the marketing partner 
to launch the product and bring it in their market. 
So our role mostly becomes being ready with the product, being ready with the quality 
product, manufacturing and delivering it as per schedule. But the marketing and 
marketing expertise, we mostly depend on the marketing partner. So thatis the risk which 
we always have. If the marketing partner is not able to deliver, then there can be alittle bit 
of setback we can say. 
We are trying to mitigate that by having multiple partners’ on nonexclusive business. 
And to mitigate it, we are having multiple partners on nonexclusive basis. 
And additional MA on our own name in every country. 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. | now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude 
to the entire ZIM team, our partners, 
stakeholders and especially our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Your 
confidence really drives us and keeps us focused on sustainable growth and value 
creation, also safeguarding 
your interest by deriskingthe business 
to the best extent of our 
ability 
in these turbulentand uncertain times. 
So we will keep on working, and we'll see that your confidence in us remains justified in 
the next few years, and we are able to give you the kind of performance which you expect 
fromus. 
Thank you very much for the opportunity to presentyou with this --all the information that 
has been presented today. 
Page 24 of 25

(1] 
Z:1Mm 
Zeal & Innovation in Medicine 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joiningus, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 25 of 25
