 
 IRCON/SECY/STEX/124 
 
 
 
 
 
                              27th May, 2025 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Q4 & FY'25 Analyst Conference Call held on Thursday, 22nd May, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 14th May, 2025, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the post result Analyst Conference Call held on Thursday, 22nd May, 2025 to discuss 
the financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2025.  
 
In accordance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Analyst Conference Call is also available on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.ircon.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=226&Itemid=643&lang=en 
which can also be accessed through below mentioned path:  
 
www.ircon.org>> Investor Relations>> Presentation and Earning Calls>> Transcript of the Analyst 
Conference Call held on 22nd May, 2025 for financial results for the quarter and financial year ended 
on 31st March, 2025. 
 
कृपया उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर लŐ।  
 
धɊवाद, 
भवदीया,  
 
 
(Ůितभा अŤवाल)/ (Pratibha Aggarwal) 
कंपनी सिचव एवं अनुपालन अिधकारी/ Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
सद˟ता Ţ./ Membership No.: F8874 
              
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept./ Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग / कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग 
पी. जे. टावसŊ,  दलाल ːŌीट, 
मुंबई– 400001 
Scrip code / ID: 541956 / IRCON
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड
िलİːंग िवभाग 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, ɘॉट नं सी-1, जी ɰॉक, 
बांūा-कुलाŊ कॉ̱ ɘेƛ, बांūा (पूवŊ), मुंबई-400051 
Scrip Code: IRCON
PRATIBHA 
AGGARWAL
Digitally signed by PRATIBHA AGGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=IRCON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, ou=CS DEPT, 
2.5.4.20=ec050983126d749a8f277e98527f4ceca89379d1206af5e
4d7ec988155070d1c, postalCode=110017, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=47e2be3967281727d36842da7f5bbe8dadc7906b0
fdd636c459187d1fc471fe6, cn=PRATIBHA AGGARWAL 
Date: 2025.05.27 17:56:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
“Ircon International Limited 
Q4 & FY'25 Analyst Conference Call” 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Ircon International Limited 
 
 
Mr. Hari Mohan Gupta 
:  
Chairman & Managing Director 
Mrs. Ragini Advani 
 
:  
Director Finance 
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury 
:  
CGM Finance 
Mr. Ram Kumar Goyal 
:  
GM Finance  
Mr. Sachin Garg  
 
:  
DGM/ Finance/ Investor Relations  
 
 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the Q4 and FY’25 Post Result Earnings 
Call of Ircon International Limited. I am Steve, the moderator for this Conference Call. 
From the management side we have with us Mr. Hari Mohan Gupta – CMD; Smt. 
Ragini Advani – Director Finance; Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury – CGM Finance and 
CFO; and Mr. Ram Kumar Goyal – GM Finance and Mr. Sachin Garg – DGM Investor 
Relations. 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded. At this moment all participant 
lines are in listen-only mode, later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At 
that time, if you have a question, please press “*” and “1” on your telephone keypad. 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements that will be made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature. It is subject to several risks and 
uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Hari Mohan Gupta, CMD , for the opening remarks. After 
which, we will have the forum open for interactive Q&A session. Thank you and over 
to you, sir.  
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
Thank you, Mr. Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Hari Mohan Gupta – Chairman 
and Managing Director of Ircon International Limited. On behalf of my team, I extend 
a warm welcome to you all, and thank you very much for your gracious present today 
at the Ircon’s earnings call for Q4 and FY’25. Operationally this year has been a little 
bit challenging for the company due to increased competition in the sector. However, 
we are hopeful to be back on the track and improve the performance going forward. 
Now, I request my Director Finance to give brief about the financial performance of 
the company. 
Ragini Advani:  
Thank you CMD, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Financial results, as well as 
presentation has been uploaded on the Stock Exchanges, and I am sure that all of you 
have had the opportunity to review these documents. 
Just a little brief of the financial performance of the company in Q4 and FY’25. The 
operational performance is subdued, as we had also stated in our last investor call. This 
is because of completion of the major cost-plus jobs, reduced order book and someone 
off entries that we had to put in certain projects on account of provisions for losses. 
On consolidated basis, the company has had a provisioning of major maintenance in 
one of the subsidiary company, again, a one off item. The company has reported total 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
revenue of Rs.11,131 crore in FY’25 the corresponding PAT stood at Rs.728 crore and 
core EBITDA at Rs.905 crore in FY’25. Earning per share is at Rs.7.73 per equity 
share in FY’25 on a face value of Rs.2 per share. The order book of the company as at 
31st March, 2025 stood at Rs.20,347 crore. This comprises 58% on competitive 
bidding basis, and the rest of the orders on nomination basis. 
In terms of domestic versus international split, almost 90% of our order book is from 
domestic business, and the balance from international. The Board of Directors, along 
with the accounts have also recommended a final dividend for Re.1 per equity share 
on a face value of Rs.2 per share. This is subject to shareholder approval in the ensuing 
AGM. This along with interim dividend of Rs.1.65 per equity share, would tantamount 
to a total dividend of Rs.2.65 per equity share for FY’25. Ircon has 11 subsidiaries and 
7 joint ventures, including a renewable power company. Now, without taking much 
time, I would like to open the floor for Q&A sessions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ma'am. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma’am could you quantify the one off during the quarter which led to the lower 
margins? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, two, three things. One in standalone, we have provision that we have made for 
LD, in case of our job on DFCC, that amounts to Rs.108 crores. And apart from that, 
I had mentioned in last quarter that we have taken certain losses on one or two of our 
jobs, one of them being Chennai metro, so that also is about Rs.40 crores. And on the 
consolidated side, we have had one issue in terms of one of our road SPVs, where we 
have had a major maintenance, that is what we have taken into account. And in one of 
our coal connectivity projects, this is Chhattisgarh, CERL. The project has been 
incurring operational losses. Some part of the project is yet to be constructed. So once 
that is constructed, and we have the full traffic there, then we shall probably not have 
losses going forward, maybe another two years down the line. So, all these are one of 
items, because of which we have taken hit on a P&L. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Okay. Second, from a medium-term perspective, how should one look at the growth 
from here on, right now we have an order book of say Rs.20,000 odd crores. So now 
should the focus move on building order inflows at lower margin, or will still wait for 
orders to come in at the margins we want, how should one look at that and secondly, 
how should one look at FY’26 standalone revenues and margins? 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
Thank you very much for this nice question. Presently we have the order book of 
around Rs.20,500 crores. And you will be pleased to note that during 24-25 around 
Rs.2600 crores order were received by the company, out of which around Rs.1650 
crore which were based on the bids which were submitted during the financial year, 
and around Rs.950 crores order were received for which the bids were submitted 
earlier. And during 25-26 also by now, by the 22nd May, when we are talking Rs.1150 
crores orders already received, and also we have entered into new verticals like 
Kavach, the train protection warning system, the iconic technology of the country. It's 
a, really a proud moment for the company that we have received the first Kavach order 
for South Western Railway. It's around Rs.253 crores and we have already bided in 
some other Kavach projects tenders as well. And we are very hopeful. Again, I would 
like to mention that you will all be pleased to note that the first Kavach tower tender 
we have won, it is around Rs.194 crores, and the work is under execution in Central 
Railway, there around so many towers are to be provided which will be used for the 
Kavach. That is the second tender, second contract for the Kavach. Similarly, we have 
entered into a new vertical of signaling diagnostic, which is the new field, and I am 
pretty sure that it will be replicated in the entire country in Indian Railways. And what 
it does is that whatever the signaling and telecommunication gears are available in the 
railway network. You can remotely monitor their health, that what is the condition, and 
you can predict their life just looking at the computer screen. So that is a new revolution 
which we have brought, we have already got an order from Northwestern railway and 
the Ministry of Railways has appreciated this to a great extent, and it will also be 
replicated in a big way. And now other zonal railways are preparing their tenders for 
floating in near future. In addition to above, yes we have already bided in various 
tenders, which are already under evaluation. To give some of the examples are, and we 
are very, very hopeful because they are under evaluation so, I cannot be very specific 
with them, but we have bided in three tenders in Metro in Mumbai. And we have also 
bided one in electrical tender of UP. And we are already bidding around 10 bids of 
around Rs.2000 crores have already been submitted during current 25-26 up to this 
period, around 18 bids of Rs.9200 crores are yet to be submitted very shortly and 
during 24-25 we have submitted around 120 bids of Rs.60,000 crores. So enough of 
scope is available to everybody, infrastructure is booming, and we are bidding for big 
ticket size projects, as well as middle size projects, and by joint venture, by pre bid, by 
bidding alone, depending upon the type of the project, the complexities involved, the 
competency available with each sector. And again, I forgot one more thing that one 
more vertical we have opened in this company, and that is the hydro power. We have 
received an order of around Rs.453 crores in Arunachal Pradesh. We have also 
received an order of Secretariat building in North frontier railway in the joint venture 
with one company. And we have also bided in various tenders of building works in 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
North frontier railway, which are already under evaluation. And we also got one order 
of railway project of around Rs.900 crores in, I am forgetting the name of the zonal 
railway, but we have already received the order. 
Ragini Advani:  
So from whatever CMD sir has given an update on the business development side, as 
well as the orders. So as to answer your overall perspective in FY’26-27 while we are 
trying to get as many orders as we can. But even after picking up orders, the execution 
and the conversion into revenue takes some time. So given our current order book 
position, we maintain that our turnover should be in similar range going forward in 25-
26 at least. And the margins, as we had mentioned earlier also yes, there is a slightly 
strain on the margins because of the increased competition and many of the bids being 
taken up at a very, very competitive rate. So there would be an overall decline, as I had 
previously mentioned, it would be in the range of about 0.5% to 1% going forward. 
Shreyans Mehta:  
Okay, got it. Secondly, in terms of the strategic assets, the railways per se, or even the 
road assets which we hold. So is there an intention to hold on to those assets, I can 
understand, we have DIPAM, who will be taking a final call. But from our perspective, 
what is the thought process, do we intend to hold those or once they mature, probably 
we are looking to monetize those and come out of those? 
Hari Mohan Gupta:  
Our objective would be to monetize as quickly as possible. Once the project is 
completed and we have already started process in that direction, and I hope two 
proposals are already. 
Ragini Advani:  
So yes, you are absolutely right, Railway and DIPAM will ultimately give a go ahead. 
It is a longish process, but their intent is to monetize PPP projects which are 
operational. 
Shreyans Mehta:  
Even the mining projects right? 
Ragini Advani:  
We are a minority partner. So there that discussion will happen with coal companies, 
and they would be in a better position to take it. But wherever these are 100% 
subsidiaries, I have already gone ahead, and we have taken this decision to move ahead 
for monetizing them. There they have obviously coal mines as their ownership, so they 
may not like to monetize it eventually. 
Shreyans Mehta:  
Got it. And lastly, in terms of coming back to the same point in terms of order inflows, 
assuming even if we get say closer to Rs.10,000 odd crores this year, as a shareholder 
what might happen is FY’27 again looks weak because even at Rs.10,000 odd will end 
up at say, Rs.30,000 and we will be doing, say, Rs.10,000 odd crore for next two years. 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
So, unless and until we scale up in that manner significantly, like Rs.20,000 crores 
plus. How do you intend, to take it from the de-growth phase to growth phase for 27-
28? 
Shreyans Mehta:  
So currently, we would like to stick to our forecast, or what we assume to be a 
reasonable prediction for FY’26, for FY’27 you are absolutely right for us to come 
back to make going into a growth phase, definitely we have to pick up more orders. 
But having said that, since the market has been tough and we have recently diversified 
into certain areas as CMD sir also mentioned, we will be in a better position to tell you 
maybe few months down the line. So we do not want to commit something which is 
just theoretical right now, but yes efforts are fully on to make the order book grow at 
a faster pace. 
Hari Mohan Gupta:  
To add further what my Director Finance madam has said, rest assured we are working 
very hard, bidding aggressively and with full focus what is to be bid. We will not be 
bidding under losses at all, and we will be attacking more and more verticals in which 
we feel very, very confident, we are already working and we would be bidding very, 
very shortly in some new verticals as well and I am pretty sure that we should be 
successful in those efforts. So future is bright, I do not see any negativity in the market 
because it's a huge market and only thing what I can say presently and you all will 
appreciate that around 24 bids are coming in the railway tenders per tender, 17, number 
of bidders are there in road projects tenders, and 19 number bidders are there in 
building bids. So it's a tough competition, and really very tough competition. But the 
only answer lies in opening up the new verticals and entering into joint venture pre bid 
tie ups, bidding in those area independently, where the ticket size is big, and we feel 
very confident we were like the railways, the highways. So it would be a combination 
of all these strategies, but we will be successful. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Rahul Thakur from NVS 
Brokerage. Please go ahead. We will move on to the next question it's in the line of 
Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Thanks for outlining a picture like how things could be for our company in time to 
come. So on this front, I have couple of question. One you did mention that new 
opportunities like signaling, diagnostic, Kavach. So will that be, will you have that 
data or anything ready how big is the opportunity in these segments and any color that 
can be produced? 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
Usually, I don’t have the numerical number for the country size, but I hope you will 
be satisfied with my reply. The entire country, more than a lakh kilometer of Indian 
Railways, is to be covered under Kavach, it's a train protection warning system so that 
two trains may not collide, and any driver inadvertently may not exceed the speed. It 
will be automatic brake application in the locomotives. So the entire country is to be 
covered in a huge, more than a lakh crore business is available in this sector. What I 
have come to know, but I am not very sure about the numerical numbers at this stage. 
But the entire country is being covered through Kavach. Diagnostic, entire Indian 
Railways would get covered progressively, because it's the new thing which is coming 
up in the country. And it has started one more field, elephant passes wherever the 
elephants do cross the railway track. So Indian Railways is now coming up with fresh 
tenders for electronic systems in such a way so that these animals when they cross the 
track, it gets noticed in advance, and they may not get hit by the moving train. So which 
will be win-win situation both for the railway as well as for the animal. So it's a huge 
business opportunity, I will only say this. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay, sir. And in terms of for tenders which are open right now, may be say Kavach 
or maybe diagnostic what could be the size of it? 
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
Every Kavach tender is of the order of Rs.250 crores to Rs.300 crores, every Kavach 
tender. Whatever we got it is Rs.253 crores we got the order for SWR, and we have 
already bided in three more tenders. They are under evaluation, and the next phase of 
tendering would be available, whatever is known to me by July or August. Next wave 
of tendering again for Kavach will come. So, it's an ongoing process, and whatever 
tenders are getting finalized, the execution is taking place. It's a government of India 
prime project, because they want this Kavach to be installed as quickly as possible to 
enhance the safety of the moving trains and the passengers. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay, sure sir. Maybe one last question from my side, and then I will come back in the 
queue. Ma’am you mentioned, probably there will be a pressure on the margins in 
FY’26 also. So on a standalone we have done almost 4.7% sort of margin. So one is 
like, there is a continuing losses in certain projects. So this 4.7% probably ball park 
projected could be how much based on what are pending loss making orders? 
Ragini Advani: 
So if I was to exclude out of 4.7 the one of items, it should be in the region of about 
5.7, 5.75 so, we are expecting these margins to be in the range of 5, core EBITDA to 
be in the range of 5 to 5.25. Other than the one time losses, which is very difficult to 
predict, and hopefully we should not have more in the coming year, but that is 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
something as and when it comes we will keep you informed. The typical margins of 
core EBITDA should be in the range of 5 to 5.25. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please 
go ahead.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Few data points, one in terms of inflow number for FY’25 and secondly, what are our 
investments if you could broadly split it into roads and the other? 
Ragini Advani: 
Sorry, what was your first question? 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Inflows for this year FY’25? 
Ragini Advani: 
Inflows, as in the order book? 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Order inflows. 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, so order inflow we mentioned to you that we have currently an order book of 
about Rs.20,000 crore, and in the month of April and May, we have add order wins 
closely to the extent of about Rs.1100 crores. 
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
So for 24-25 we got order of Rs.2600 crores. And in 25-26 up to this month, we have 
got Rs.1150 crores. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it.  
Ragini Advani: 
And in terms of the investment, we have made in road projects and investment of about 
Rs.1500 crores. We still have to invest another Rs.400, Rs.500 crores. In coal 
connectivity we have made investments of about Rs.1000 crores, we still have to invest 
another Rs.500 crores and in renewable we have mostly done all the investments. But 
yes, there is a close amount of about Rs.30 to Rs.50 crores that we still need to put in 
in this current year. So, overall you can say that we have invested about Rs.2300 crores 
in all our SPVs, and we have another Rs.1000 crores that we need to put out of which 
in this financial year we should be investing in the region of about Rs.500 crores 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So, one clarification, so renewable we have invested closer to Rs.300 odd crores? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, that's right. So Rs.200 odd crores we have already done. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Rs.200 odd crores? 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. And ma’am just on dwelling more on margins, since we have entered new 
segments like Kavach, which I am presuming would be margin accretive compared to 
our current EPC. So still, why are we guiding for a lower margin for say probably 
FY’26? 
Ragini Advani: 
That's because Kavach is going to play a role in our order book, but we will still 
continue to have dominance of EPC orders and EPC projects in both rails and road, as 
sir also mentioned, has many, many players and the margins and the competition is 
intense, there are margins will take a squeeze. So overall perspective would be the 
guidance that we have given please.  
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
We are also trying to get more orders from overseas. Presently, we are working in 
Algeria, we are working in Myanmar. Recently, we have completed the project in Sri 
Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal. Recently, also completed the doubling project of Indian 
Railways Kiul-Gaya 128 route kilometer, doubling project from Katni-Singrauli 261 
kilometer, except the Sanjay Tiger Reserve portion, where the alignment is being 
bypassed and the USB RL project, which was a big, huge project completed and 
handed over to the Indian Railways, also around 190 kilometers. So these huge projects 
we have completed during these nine months. So we are working very hard to get the 
orders both from India as well as abroad. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you, Steve for moderating the call and I would like to thank all our shareholders, 
business partners, analysts, investor friends, who have shown continued support and 
faith on us. We would be happy to connect with you on a one-to-one basis as well as 
and when required, and for any further queries that you all may have. I conclude today's 
con-call and thank CMD sir for being here. Thank you all for the active participation. 
And thank you once again. 
Hari Mohan Gupta: 
Thank you, my dear shareholders. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you all for being part of this conference call. If you need any further information 
or clarification, you may contact to Mr. Sachin 
Garg or email at 
sachin.garg@ircon.org. Thank you for joining us. 
