 
May 15, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
Listing/Compliance Department 
BSE LTD. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
BSE CODE : 524208  
To, 
Listing/Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol : AARTIIND 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q4 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call 
held on May 8, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
RAJ SARRAF 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
ICSI M. NO. A15526 
Encl.: As above. 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF
Digitally signed by RAJ 
KUMAR SARRAF 
Date: 2025.05.15 18:32:57 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Aarti Industries Limited 
Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 08, 2025 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aarti Industries Q4 FY ‘25 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*,” then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishit Solanki from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Nishit Solanki: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Aarti Industries’ 
Q4 & FY ‘25 earnings conference call.  
Today, we are joined by senior members of the management team, including Mr. 
Suyog Kotecha – Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Chetan 
Gandhi – Chief Financial Officer.  
We will commence the call with opening thoughts from Mr. Kotecha on Q4 and FY 
‘25’s performance overview and outlook, post which we shall open the forum for Q&A 
where the management will be addressing queries of the participants. 
Just to share our standard disclaimer: 
Certain statements that may be made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature 
and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation that has 
been shared earlier and uploaded on stock exchange websites.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Kotecha to share his perspectives. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you, Nishid. Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. 
Apologies for joining this call 15 minutes late. 
Let me begin by acknowledging FY26 has started on a measured note coupled with 
new uncertainties such as US tariff actions, etc. We continue to operate in a volatile 
external  environment  marked  by  increased  global  uncertainty  stemming  from 
geopolitical events and evolving trade dynamics, requiring us to remain agile and 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
adaptable in our strategic planning. Having said so, we are seeing encouraging signs 
of stabilisation in demand across several end‐user industries and underlying volume 
growth  across  our  businesses.  This  growth  is  being  supported  by  our  strategic 
initiatives to diversify our product portfolio, expand our geographical reach, and 
strengthen our customer relationships. Overall, we are well poised to navigate the 
current volatility and capitalize on future growth opportunities within the evolving 
chemical landscape. 
I am pleased to share that we ended the challenging year with a positive note. We 
clocked  in  total  revenue  of  Rs  8,046  crs  posting  a  growth  of  about  15%,  while 
EBIDTA grew by about 3% to Rs 1,016 crs on consolidated basis. Commercialisation 
of our various projects and higher interest costs in FY25 increased the depreciation 
and finance costs components resulting in PAT of Rs.331 crs.  
Speaking of our Q4 performance has been steady on a sequential basis. We clocked 
revenues of Rs. 2,214 crore, marking a 9% Q‐o‐Q growth, largely driven by volume 
recovery across all end applications. EBITDA for the quarter came in at Rs. 266 
crore, reflecting a 13% sequential improvement. Likewise, PAT increased to Rs. 96 
crore, driven by better cost efficiencies achieved through higher volumes.  
Considering the annual performance, the Board has recommended a final dividend 
of Rs. 1 per share (20% of face value of Rs. 5/‐ each) for FY25. 
Speaking of specific applications, volumes for Energy applications grew 21% Q‐o‐Q 
driven by our strategy to diversify and widen the customer base and geographical 
spread. On the other hand, our base business has shown good volume recovery in 
chains such as Nitro Toluene, NCB, and Ethylation‐based products, driven by new 
capacity  additions  and  improving  demand  landscape.  These  segments  have 
contributed to a sequential uptick in overall performance and will remain a focus 
area moving forward. Volumes grew 14% Q‐o‐Q. Even as agrochemical inventory 
levels seem to have stabilised, demand for other end‐use applications like dyes, 
pigments, and polymer additives remains positive. We anticipate the volumes to 
continue this growth path as we move forward.  
Earlier this year, we signed two renewable energy power purchase agreements for 
solar and hybrid power with Cleanmax and Prozeal. These agreements are on track, 
with  one  of  the  contracts  to  start  delivering  within  this  calendar  year,  and  the 
second one is expected to begin by end FY26 or early FY27. Upon commencement, 
this will lower operational costs and provide sustainability benefits by facilitating a 
transition to a cleaner, more resilient energy landscape. 
Sustainability continues to be a key driver of our future roadmap. AIL has been 
elevated to the CDP Leadership Band for its outstanding performance in Climate 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Change and Water Security. Our ESG score improved significantly from to 62 in the 
S&P Global DJSI, positioning us in the top decile of global chemical companies. We 
have maintained the Gold Medal in the EcoVadis CSR Assessment for 2025, marking 
our fourth consecutive year of excellence. Our score has improved to 78, up from 
72 last year, placing us in the top 5% of companies assessed by EcoVadis. AIL has 
been granted approval by the Indian Chemical Council (ICC) to use the Responsible 
Care (RC) logo for a three‐year period, from April 2025 to March 2028. All this 
accomplishment  reflects  our  unwavering  commitment  to  the  Responsible  Care 
principles, highlighting our dedication to sustainable practices and ethical conduct 
across all aspects of our operations. 
In  FY25,  several  cost  optimization  initiatives,  both  variable  and  fixed,  were 
successfully  completed,  with  plans  to  achieve  similar  targets  in  FY26.  The  key 
achievements include the successful implementation of the Back‐Pressure Turbine 
Project to improve steam efficiency, the scale up of power generation through our 
Hybrid  Power  Phase‐1,  which  also  helps  in  reducing  our  carbon  footprint  and 
generating cost savings, and yield improvements across key product/value chains 
such as Ammonolysis, NCB, Halex, and Hydrogenation. Additionally we are taking 
steps for fixed cost optimisation and are progressing well. 
Our CAPEX for FY25 stood at about Rs. 1,372 crore, in line with expectations. Our 
large project initiatives at Zone IV are being executed in a phased manner, with 
commissioning scheduled to progress through FY’26. Our newly operational pilot 
plant at Zone IV has already commenced commercial operations. It will play a vital 
role in driving new product development, fostering innovation, and supporting the 
diversification  of  our  offerings  moving  forward.  Based  on  our  current  plan,  we 
expect the capex in FY26 to be about 950‐1000 crs.  
To sum up, while the external environment remains volatile, we are encouraged by 
our  business's  resilience,  agile  cost  control  measures,  and  clear  path  to  capital 
discipline.  We  are  entering  FY26  with  a  strong  execution  pipeline,  a  healthier 
balance sheet, and a sharp focus on delivering sustainable, volume‐led growth. 
Thank you, and I now welcome any questions from the participants  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Good evening. Sir, my question is on the volume growth, so if you could give us 
indication on the year-on-year volume growth in FY ‘25 as well the 4th Quarter. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think on a 4th Quarter or quarter-on-quarter basis, non-energy business grew 
roughly 14 odd % and the energy business grew by almost 21%. I think that energy 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
business volume growth was also linked to, as we explained in the last call, one of 
the shipment had got pushed out from Q3 to Q4. So that's the range of volume growth 
numbers. If you look at year-on-year numbers, FY ‘24 versus FY ‘25, we are roughly 
at around 17% growth at overall portfolio level. 
Kumar Saumya: 
And we expect to continue this growth momentum at least on the volume side? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think if you look at the capacity utilization numbers that we have given value chain 
by value chain, it clearly shows that we have significant upside to drive volume 
growth based on existing asset footprint and we remain very aggressive in the market 
to capture growth as well as increasing market share to ensure we drive up our 
capacity utilization levels. 
Kumar Saumya: 
Sure sir. Thank you. I will come back later. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. Sir, on the 
agrochemical business, we had witnessed that volumes had reported an uptick, but 
pricing still remains under pressure. Any specific reasons sir for this, because the 
destocking cycle has ended roughly around 9 to 10 months back, so why are the 
prices still weak? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
We covered this in some of the earlier conversations. I think overall our perspective 
is, the inventory destocking story got done some time back. I think there's a genuine 
demand supply imbalance issue for the agrochemical intermediates and downstream 
technicals. We are seeing volume recovery for sure, but given the amount of over 
capacity that exists in China, that incremental volume growth is also served by 
marginal pricing, and that's where we are not seeing uptick on pricing/margins at this 
stage. Going forward, especially with the with the US tariffs announcements, there 
are some movements happening in the overall agrochemical value chains and we 
expect, at least from a downstream product flowing to US point of view, there should 
be positive traction and in that context, the requirement of intermediate for our 
domestic customers is expected to go up. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, this should benefit after the tariff imposition, or do you think the demand supply 
dynamics will automatically adjust and we can see improvement from the very first 
day? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, it will take its own time to adjust. What is very clear is that the volume and the 
demand growth is there. I think pricing and margin is a bit of a complex question to 
answer because there are second and third order impacts.The downstream exports 
of Chinese technicals and formulations get impacted, they will also have a tendency 
of dumping the intermediate product portfolio in the remaining part of the world. In 
that context, how as the country and as the market we protect ourselves from that 
dumping will also determine to some extent our margin profiles for those 
intermediates. So the impact coming out from US tariffs, especially on the 
agrochemical sector, I think the second and third order level of impact is yet to 
become visible and our sense is it will take a few months to play out. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, when we say that the agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals volumes are 
witnessing an uptick, even the dyes segment also, so why are the dichlorobenzene 
volumes in the second half relatively weak compared to the first half? 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So dichlorobenzene, the end application is actually polymer, right? PDCB specifically 
goes into the polymer segment mostly into PPS which is used into automotive kind 
of applications and that segment has been under pressure from a demand point of 
view. So, I think in the first half we were actually expecting much more inventory 
correction by some of our customers in US and Japan, and that's what impacted 
DCB chain volume. But again, even in that case, we have seen some level of inflow 
coming in, especially from the US customers to advance their shipments in the first 
quarters to have certainty around the tariff impact. So, we will see slightly different 
behavior over the next three months. But in general, the DCB volume question that 
you asked was more linked to polymer end application, it was not linked to the other 
two applications. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, just one last question, this quarter SABIC, which is the Saudi chemical giant, so 
they have also reported losses at the bottom line and sir, one of our long-term 
contract is linked with SABIC. So does this change or alter any of the offtake 
agreements with them? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, there is no impact on our arrangement at this point. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan 
Stanley. Please proceed. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Hi sir. Thank you so much for the presentation and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. Two questions from me. Firstly on the MMA side, I think you mentioned in 
your comments that you have made progress on expanding the customer base as 
well as the geographic base. Could you just talk a bit more about what kind of 
customers these are, and what kind of impact they could have in terms of the pricing 
as they ramp up? That's the first question. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, the MMA effort, as we mentioned earlier, I think we are obviously trying to 
diversify consumption, which is more concentrated mostly towards the Middle East. 
Now we are seeing increasing supplies going to the US, some of the supplies going 
into Europe, as well as the Indian volume is also looking up. So in that context, 
broader geographic diversification is playing out. At this point in time, we remain 
focused on market development, right and the objective is that we have a significant 
capacity to produce this particular product and we remain focused on developing the 
market and ensuring there is a much wider customer base which has used the 
product, understood the value proposition, and is able to consume it in sort of larger 
quantities in their end applications.  
 
From a pricing and margin point of view, it's relatively linked to raw material in most 
cases and I think most of the global markets do understand it to a great extent now 
aniline is the key raw material which ultimately drives the MMA price. At the same 
time there is also an impact of the downstream end market site. As we have 
explained before, ultimately the viability of the product to the end customer is linked 
to gasoline, naphtha economics and gasoline crude economics. So a combination of 
these two is what determines the pricing. But right now our focus remains on 
developing the market for higher volumes. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much for that. The second question I had was more from the 
broader customer base. Just wanted to get your thoughts, with everything that's 
happened recently in the past few months, how are the customer conversations 
generally evolving into the remainder of ’25 and ’26? Is there more uncertainty? Is 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
there a shift towards probably more short-term contracts? Could you just give us a 
sense of how the customer is thinking about everything that has been evolving? 
Thank you. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So if you are asking specifically about MMA, then I think as I said, we are in a 
development phase. So I think every conversation is sort of a discovery of a new 
client, taking them through the entire sampling qualification, sort of try and test mode 
and that journey continues. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
No, Sir. Sorry. I was actually talking non-MMA. I think you covered MMA already. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
On non-MMA, frankly, the volume growth still looks very strong. I think, yes, the 
recent events do pose a challenge where some of the customers start going into sort 
of holding decision kind of mode, right? Because there is so much uncertainty around 
what's going to happen to tariffs, what's going to happen to end market growth, will 
there be recessionary pressures, will growth rates come down. I think in that context 
we saw there was a phase in which there is kind of a holding pattern where people 
start pushing out key decisions. But over the last few weeks, we have also started 
seeing people coming back, and sort of moving on with respect to regular business. 
In general, we are anticipating the tariff issues to settle down over the course of the 
next two to four months. And that will definitely bring much more clarity in terms of 
how the final trade will settle. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure, sir. I will rejoin the queue. All the very best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good evening and thanks for taking my questions. Suyog, first on the outlook for 
fiscal ‘26, would it be possible to share any revenue or EBITDA kind of targets you 
have for the year? I know there's a three-year target out there, but anything you 
would like to share for fiscal ‘26 please? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, Abhijit, we are not talking about specific yearly guidance, we mentioned that last 
time, right. We have set out a strategy for the three years and I think the only thing I 
can confirm is we remain on track to deliver that three-year numbers. Of course, not 
all of it is back ended. I think we have also given clarity on initiatives that will lead us 
to that range, right, and the initiatives are a combination of cost, operating leverage-
related ramp ups, and then new CAPEX-led growth and in this time’s presentation 
we have also talked about, at least given some indication of which of these initiatives 
are completed, which of these initiatives are sort of ongoing and are in the advanced 
stage of completion. So in that context what we can say is that we continue to remain 
optimistic about volume-led growth for the coming financial year. From a three-year 
standpoint, we are not changing the guidance that we had given earlier. And we feel 
confident and remain on track to achieve that. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Second, just on the tariff impact, are most of the products you export to the US 
exempt from the tariffs? and if so, what sort of implications, if any, do you see for 
your business in the context of these whole tariff developments? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think if you want one line summary, then I can say that the overall US tariff 
impact in terms of AIL is a bit mixed, right. Because it is complex, we have a wide 
variety of product portfolio, and different products have different implications 
because some products are part of Annexure-2, and some products are not part of 
Annexure 2. In general, the products where we are directly competing against China, 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
and if they are not exempted, if they are not part of Annexure 2, then in that context 
of course we have a positive tailwind and likes of, for example, MPD is one of the 
product in PDA chain where in the near term we are seeing positive demand traction 
because it's not part of exemption and the competition was from China, so there is a 
clear-cut advantage.  
 
While there are some products which are part of exemptions, but even though they 
are part of exemptions I think there is a tendency generally coming out from the 
market to see if they can source better volumes from India, provided we are able to 
meet the pricing expectations. This is a second category of products, and there are 
a lot of products in that category, especially in agrochemical science and life 
sciences.  
 
And the third category of the product is like, for example MMA, where we are not 
really frankly competing head-on with any particular manufacturer, but it's more of a 
market development effort that we are doing. In that context, of course, tariffs have 
a negative impact because they straight away add cost to the product for the final 
customer and the economic viability does get a little bit compromised because of 
increased costs.  
 
So I think three types of scenarios I described, all of them have different types of 
impact and we are not even talking about second or third order impact, right. Right 
now we are talking about a direct product level impact, but in the overall three to four 
months’ time frame, the second and third order impact will also start to come through 
in terms of what happens to end use sector growth, what happens to US demand, 
what happens to the extra volume that gets freed up from China. So, all of that is 
expected to play out over the course of the next few months and quarters. 
 
At current level, based on our best judgment, we can say it's a mixed impact on AIL. 
Certain products are definitely seeing positive traction, whereas for certain products 
we are trying to adjust the pricing to ensure that the tariff impacts are absorbed by  
both sides in a fair manner. 
Abhijit Akella: 
That's a really helpful color actually, thank you for that. And just one last thing for me 
before I rejoin the queue. Just on the CAPEX outlook for Fiscal ‘26, the Rs. 1,000 
crore approx number, what projects specifically is that going into, the bulk of it? And 
from a revenue growth standpoint for fiscal ‘26, is it coming primarily from better 
utilization of the existing product capacities or are there any significant contributions 
from the newer projects you are commissioning, say for example Zone-4 ends up 
getting commissioned? Thank you. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think the bulk of the CAPEX spend that we have committed right now is going 
to Zone-4. I think we will complete the Zone-4 CAPEX by and large within this 
financial year, a significant part of that number is sort of reserved for that. In terms 
of volume growth for this year, a large part of it will come from existing asset which 
are already commissioned.  
 
Zone-4 staggered commissioning will happen throughout let's say Q3, Q4 of this 
financial. Especially the multipurpose plant, the calcium chloride plant is expected to 
start up in Q3. But we do not think there will be a significant addition to volume growth 
based on this. This will take time to stabilize, ramp up during this financial year. And 
the volume growth from all of these assets will actually start to get reflected from the 
next financial year. So yes, this year we are pushing for volume growth from the 
existing assets which are already stabilized and ramped up. 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. And all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Suyog, the first question is on the impact 
of the current crude prices on the MMA. So, I understand that probably our realization 
will also go down as the crude price comes down, but what will happen to the 
spreads, especially the gasoline naphtha spread? Historically has it come down and 
will that also have impact on the MMA margins that we will be realizing? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So Arun, the crude prices have been corrected very sharply and at the absolute level 
gasoline and naphtha have also been corrected. The gasoline-naphtha spread has 
actually widened a bit if you look at the March numbers or the April number for that 
matter and as I described, I think absolute prices are of importance, but at the same 
time the delta is also of larger importance because that's what determines the 
viability of the product. So that's first.  
 
Second, as the absolute tests are coming on the crude gasoline side, even the raw 
material is also coming down quite significantly. So, though of course there will be a 
lag in terms of adjusting the raw material from inventory valuation standpoint 
because bulk of this raw material is imported from out of India. So usually there's a 
lag of one and a half to two months to get the pricing adjusted from a raw material 
costing point of view. But there's also significant correction on that front. In that 
context, overall we feel if the current gasoline naphtha differentials are maintained, 
then we are hoping to continue on the volume trajectory. 
Arun Prasath: 
But directionally, the spread increases on the lower crude price, is it a short term 
event and it will revert to the mean or the medium term, is it the right understanding? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Frankly, I would be totally honest, it is very difficult for us to forecast gasoline-naphtha 
spreads, especially in different crude price environments. I think I have seen  
forecasts from three different agencies in the last six months and none of them have 
panned out the way they were supposed to be. So, what we remain focused on is to 
ensure that; what's important for us at this point in time is that the product is available 
to more and more customers in the global market, and that's what we remain focused 
on. The current level of differentials is good enough for people to try out this product 
and sort of scale up the usage of this product and the third aspect is, we continue to 
optimize on our cost, right, both raw material as well as operating cost to ensure that 
we are able to offer better value proposition to our customers. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right, right. Understood. The second question is on our three-year EBITDA growth 
outlook that we have given, out of the three buckets one is cost optimization and 
then volume ramp up, and then CAPEX-led growth. Is it fair to assume that cost 
optimization bit we will be realizing this year in FY ’26? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
From an implementation point of view, bulk of it will be done in FY ‘26. From an 
EBITDA accrual of that saving initiative point of view, it will go into, I think the full 
approvals will happen into next sort of, not in this financial year but the next 
financially, especially the hybrid projects which are expected to contribute also 
significant value. They will start accruing to the bottom line fully from the start of FY 
‘27. So implementation wise, yes; accrual point of view, slightly delayed. 
Arun Prasath: 
Even for the cost optimization bucket? 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, especially the hybrid power part of it. 
Arun Prasath: 
So sir, largely this ‘26 fiscal earnings growth will be led by the macro parameters? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. I think as we said, we remain focused on driving up utilizations of surplus 
capacity that we have in the existing scene and then continue to optimize the cost. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Thank you very much. All the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deekshant Gupta from Geojit PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Deekshant Gupta: 
Good evening. Sir, my question was, what exactly would be the reason for higher 
expense growth than the sales growth? Even though the sales volume has grown a 
lot, the expenses have grown a lot, but the sales number has not grown as much. 
So what would you attribute that to?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
So there's this increase in the global transaction or shipment, so the export numbers 
have been significantly higher. If I have to put the number out, 55% of revenue for 
the quarter is from exports as compared to the previous period where it was close to 
48%, 50% . So that has resulted in an increase in the freight cost.  
Deekshant Gupta: 
And you are saying that after the cost optimization takes place then the margins will 
improve, and this profitability will go up? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes, that is how it will plan out.  
Deekshant Gupta: 
And with decreasing crude oil and petrochemical prices, do you see that the volume 
growth can offset the pricing pressures? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Both frankly are a little bit delinked. I think for us, if you look at the reducing price 
environment, right, if you really want to sort of go a bit deeper into the analysis, what 
are the major raw materials that we consume? We have benzene, we have nitric 
acid, we have aniline, right, and we have toluene to some extent. Out of which 
benzene and nitric acid we practically operate on a very, very limited inventory, we 
are talking about one to five days kind of inventory. So in that context, the pricing 
impact in our inventory is intermediates, right. So our ability to manage that to our 
customer is very, very high.  
 
Versus aniline is where we import the raw material, so of course we have to maintain 
certain inventory and then there is a one and a half, two months lag in terms of 
reflecting the latest market pricing into our inventory valuation, which is where we 
have to manage the inventory valuations to some extent while ensuring that we give 
the best possible service to our customers. So on a net-net basis, from a volume 
growth point of view, we manage our inventories and pricing in a way where we do 
not let that impact our volume growth, and that's been the philosophy for the 
operations. 
Deekshant Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from HSBC Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Hi. Just one question, in your balance sheet your debtor days have reduced on a Y-
o-Y basis, inventory days more or less is the same. But your payable days have 
more than doubled, what is the reason for that? Because if you look at from a cash 
flow perspective also, apart from operations, the increase in debtor days has led to 
a significant cash flow accretion for you in this year. So yes, what is the reason for 
that?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
It's more of some of the imports of raw materials such as aniline and everything 
comes at the longer credit, which is why those numbers have gone up and also the 
aniline consumption over the last 12 months has been significantly higher. If you look 
at the volume data of different products, MMA, the volume numbers across two years 
have increased by more than almost 38% or so. So that has resulted in higher 
consumption of aniline, higher import of aniline which comes at a longer credit.  
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, and entering FY ‘26, will this remain like this, or will this reduce? Because this 
is again also one of the reason why as such yours net debt has remained range 
bound. 
Chetan Gandhi: 
I guess with the increase in the volumes, probably there could be a bit of an uptick 
at which the opportunity is available. But broadly I will say, between here and a bit 
of increase in those numbers, we will be somewhere midway.  
Harsh Shah: 
So as a company basis, in the whole of FY ‘26 or you can also guide for H1 if the 
outlook is still not there, what is the overall working capital days that you are looking 
at?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
So it should be somewhere between 70 to 80 days on a gross basis. We will have to 
work out some numbers, but yes, it should be that way.  
Harsh Shah: 
Because ideally that will lead to reduction in payable days, which will again shoot up 
your debt position. Your cash may not be able to handle that much of reduction in 
payables. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. I think if you look at the absolute number of working capital, I think we feel pretty 
comfortable with where we are and I think without increasing the absolute rupees 
crore in working capital, we should be able to handle the FY ‘26 volume-led growth 
in our current sense. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, just the last question from my end is with respect to net debt. You closed the 
year somewhere around Rs. 3,500 crore, for FY ’26 how will this number look like, 
figuratively or directional?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
So directionally, I guess, we would have peaked out. We expect the number to be 
lower. We are expecting some unlocking of cash flow from working capital as well. 
So, plus the CAPEX intensity is also going down. So directionally, I expect the 
number to be lower by maybe Rs. 200-300 crore kind of range.  
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. That's it from my side. Yes, thank you. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishesh Dhoka from Nuvama. 
Please proceed. 
Archit Joshi: 
Hi, good evening, sir. Archit here from Nuvama. Sir, I wanted to get a better sense 
of growth prospects in FY ’26, given our utilization levels I think it's quite conceivable 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
that PDA, nitrotoluene and ethylation, these are the kind of low hanging fruits here. 
What would be the utilization of NCB and DCB given that we are above 70%, even 
in hydrogenation, where could we peak out? And if you could just give a directional 
sense of how do we see these three value chains of PDA, nitrotoluene and ethylation 
in terms of any visibility that you can give with regards to volume growth in FY ‘26. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think I will talk about value chain specifically, so let me start with PDA, which has 
frankly been an underperformer for the last few years. If you go by the current latest 
trends, we expect a significant uptick in utilization levels because of increasing 
demand in the US, given the tariff issues. So that change should see a higher level 
of utilization compared to last year. NCB, nitrochlorobenzene as a chain, given a 
couple of large customers are increasing their capacity, the bulk of the application 
there is pharma, and both large customers are increasing capacity. So through the 
year we also expect the NCB capacity utilization to go up from the current levels.  
 
DCB, frankly, we expect we should be able to maintain the current level of utilization 
levels. This is where there's a mixed bag in terms of the downstream consumer 
demand of PPS, which is going into automotive, a little bit of pressure and depending 
on how US and Japan plays out there could be some impact on the demand of DCB 
chain. So broadly, maybe we are able to maintain the current utilization level.  
 
And nitrotoluene and ethylation are linked to each other because NT provides raw 
material for the ethylation chain. That's where the life-sciences and the agrochemical 
story comes into play. We are expecting higher utilization compared to last year for 
this particular chain, but it is a ramp up process because we have expanded capacity 
very recently. The full capacity actually got proven only in Q4 FY ’25. So it will take 
a bit of a time to ramp up the capacity utilization levels. But nonetheless, the numbers 
should be better than last year. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Got it. That's helpful. I just have another one on MMA. Just reading some 
articles with regards to some new competition beefing up in China, I think there's a 
company named Jiangsu New Materials whose planned the 4 lakh ton capacity, 
almost double of our size. While I am aware that the opportunity for developing this 
market is immense, do we see this trend of either switching from MTB to MMA or 
developing this market even in other areas is becoming a trend and would that be of 
any impact to us in the near to mid-term? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, I think competition will come, right. I think people do track us closely, and in that 
context it is expected that competition will come up as and when we scale up certain 
products. But that's perfectly fine, if more people are trying to develop the market, it 
also works in the industry's favor. We do have a certain unique advantage for this 
particular product. I think of course we have a head start in terms of supply chain 
capabilities that we have built over the course of the last two years, that allows us to 
do some unique things which are not available to a lot of other players. Now, 
including I think some of the freight components, especially if you are sending bulk 
shipments to the Middle East or Europe or US, I think we are slightly better positioned 
at this stage compared to competition.  
 
In addition to that, I think we remain sort of in the market aggressively to expand 
more and more customer base. Of course, we are expecting competition in the 
product and people will ramp up capacities over the course of, we do not know, 
maybe a year, maybe two. But at the same time, we feel the market is large enough 
to absorb the volumes and we do build certain competitive advantages which allow 
us to better capture the market share. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. That's great. Thank you and all the best for the next year. Thanks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. 
Please proceed. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on the MMA. Sir, since it is 
a new product area and we have been seeing a kind of rapid expansion in terms of 
volume over the last few years, so given the kind of a new customer addition and all 
that, so how to see the progression and the growth in terms of volume for this 
product, let's say, for FY ’26? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think we have described what's our current capacity and we have also said that 
over the course of the next two years we are targeting to utilize that capacity and 
that's where I think we will remain focused. Whether we take12 months, 18 months, 
24 months to reach a decent level of capacity utilization will be linked to the success 
of market development efforts. But that's the overall strategic direction that the 
current capacity numbers should be able to develop the market good enough to 
absorb that volume in a two-year kind of time frame. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Overall, let's just say the overall growth for FY ‘25 if you see, it is entirely led 
by the volume-led growth. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes.  
Surya Patra: 
So given the kind of new projects that we commissioned in the later part of FY ‘25 
and hopefully and potentially the chlorotoluene which is likely to also come in the 
second half of FY 26, and also the likely ramp up in the MMA volumes given the new 
customer addition. So going ahead, for FY ‘26, is it fair to believe that the volume-
led growth, again it would be volume-led growth, and the volume-led growth would 
be better in FY ‘26 compared to ’25? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So right now our base assumption, we are factoring in most of the growth led by 
volumes. So, we are not factoring the significant recovery in the margins because 
we do not see the demand supply imbalances from China getting corrected soon. 
However, though that's correct at a macro level. I think from a near-term point of view 
there are events which are difficult to predict, right. How the US tariff scenario will 
pan out, how geopolitical uncertainty will pan out, it's difficult to predict this stage. 
But from management’s focus point of view, I think we remain focused on delivering 
the volume growth. Margin is a function of a lot of external factors as well. If there is 
opportunity, we will capture it, right, but that's not a base assumption with which we 
are going into the financial year. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Just even slightly more clarification, is it fair to believe that the volume-led 
growth what we are talking about for FY ‘26, that would be higher than FY ‘25 what 
we have seen? Or not predictable at this moment? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think it’s difficult to comment , I think we do not want to start talking about the sort 
of quarter-on-quarter exact sort of volume growth. I think we have certain assets; we 
have been very transparent with respect to where we are on the capacity utilization 
for those assets and in a three-year plan, if you see bulk of the operating leverage-
oriented initiatives, we are targeting to finish it in the first two years, right and that's 
where we expect most of our assets, barring few where we have let's say costing 
issues, where we are not competitive with respect to the world scale assets from 
others, we should be able to reach respectable level of utilization levels within the 
first two years kind of time frame. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sir, since it is the full year result that we are discussing, is it possible to just 
update about what is the kind of level of performance that we are having for the long-
term contracts? So, whether we are in the expected lines or it is slightly below, given 
the kind of demand situation that is prevailing currently? Or how should we be 
thinking about the long-term contracts that have been doing so far for FY ‘25 and 
what is the likely outlook for those contracts for FY ‘26? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, I think contractually speaking, I will take the simpler ones first. I think the 20-
year purchase agreements that we have for nitric acid continues to perform exactly 
as per contract, no issues on that front. The other project that we have, which is 
where sort of our profitability is ensured, right, it's the polymer application with a 
global major, I think that continues to run very well, no changes on that front and 
there is another contract which we had with a US major for a very advanced specialty 
polymer intermediate, which has started ramping up only last year. We are expecting 
that to do even better in the coming year, right, with the asset now stabilizing and 
sort of demand kind of picking up. I think those are the easier ones. 
 
The rest of the contracts are kind of sort of supply contracts for some of the key 
intermediates. Individually, depending on the end market applications, there will be 
a variation, right. I think the contracts ensure that there is a relationship between the 
two parties where we have sort of privileged access to each other, and there are 
certain contractual terms in terms of volumes and pricing. But they do vary linked to 
market conditions and that's how it is playing out at this point in time. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sir, just one question for Chetan sir. So what is the export number for the 
quarter, sir?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
The export number for the quarter was roughly Rs. 1,240 crore.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay, Rs. 1,240 crore, so there is a kind of marked improvement sequentially that 
means? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes. So, as Suyog said earlier and it was shared in the last call, a couple of bulk 
shipments of exports which were expected to move out in Q3, end of Q3 which didn't 
move, moved out in Q4. So that has also been one of the factors for why a bit of this 
number is higher. But yes, there's a significant improvement in export volume that 
we are witnessing.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay, and so if there would be a kind of normalization in the export, then the other 
expenses are also likely to see normalization going ahead? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Exports have a higher component of freight which is where you see the other 
expenses going up. If I have to specifically look at the fixed cost, the fixed cost 
actually has been lower on a sequential basis and more like a lower to flattish kind 
of a situation. It's more of this freight and other components are there.  
Surya Patra: 
Sure. Okay. Thank you, sir. I wish you all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equitas. 
Please proceed. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi sir. First on the tax rate, how should we think about the tax rate for FY ’26? 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Chetan Gandhi: 
We still have one more year of heavy CAPEX cycle which is where the depreciation 
is going to be high. We will continue to remain lower and subdued on the tax rate. I 
know this year we have been negative on the tax rate level, I expect it to be 
somewhere close to mid-single digit next year.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Sir secondly on the trade payable, I was still not clear on your answer that 
trade payables have jumped by Rs. 600-plus crore this year. How should we think 
about this number going into FY ‘26 and ‘27?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
I believe there will be a potential uptake of maybe around Rs. 100 crore to Rs.200 
crore in next year, assuming the volumes continue to grow in the trajectory they are.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
The trade payables will increase you are saying by another Rs. 100 crore, okay, got 
it. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Bharat Trivedi from Incred AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Jay Bharat Trivedi: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. The first question I have is with regards to the 
CAPEX that we are doing. The Rs. 1,000 crore CAPEX that we have estimated, how 
much of it would be maintenance CAPEX and how much of it is in the nature of new 
chemistries or new products what we are getting into?  
Chetan Gandhi: 
I guess the maintenance CAPEX and CAPEX related to some of the initiatives which 
are there on the existing product should be in the range of Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 200 
crore or so. Beyond that, everything will be for the new initiatives at Zone-4 is going 
to be a bulk of that. 
Jay Bharat Trivedi: 
Okay, so Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 200 crore is the maintenance CAPEX, and rest is for 
new products, correct? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes.  
Jay Bharat Trivedi: 
Okay, sir. And I was just quickly doing some numbers on the guidance which you 
have given for FY ’28, for the Rs. 1,800 crore to Rs. 2,200 crore EBITDA, will our 
PAT fall around Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore range or am I far off? I do not want 
an exact number, but am I in the same lines what your assumptions are ? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
If I look at FY ‘28, my depreciation, which is currently at around Rs. 430-odd crore, 
should be somewhere between Rs. 580 crore to Rs. 620 kind of crore. So that's let's 
assume Rs. 600 crore or Rs. 620 crore on depreciation. Interest, I am not sure what's 
going to be the interest rate scenario but let us assume a current number of around 
Rs. 250 crore to Rs. 270-odd crore, then we will have around roughly Rs. 50 crore 
going out. So, I would assume at Rs. 1,800 crore we would be somewhere between 
Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore at the PBT level and at Rs. 2,200 crore we will be 
somewhere between close to Rs. 1,200 crore, Rs. 1,300 crore. 
Jay Bharat Trivedi: 
Okay. Yes, thanks. Those were my questions. Thank you so much and all the best, 
sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet Vora from Emkay Global. 
Please proceed. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Meet Vora: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Just on this MMA side, so while we are seeing 
that in US market it would add extra cost on the consumer and there could be some 
impact because of absorbing this cost at their end. My understanding was that this 
is imported by blenders for re-exports and thus tariff will not be applicable. So is MMA 
a part of exempt list or is it not? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, MMA is not part of the exempt list. 
Meet Vora: 
And is it used for reexports, or will tariff be applicable on this? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, our current understanding is that tariffs would be applicable on this. 
Meet Vora: 
Okay and secondly, as regards NPDA, have you seen any benefit coming in Q4 
because of maybe pre-buying or will we see that largely in Q1? And also say in terms 
of FY ’26, in Q1 we will see higher volumes, and maybe once tariffs taper off, will we 
see rollback in Q2 because we have significant capacity as compared to the 
utilization right now. So I was just trying to gauge the benefit of this NPDA product.  
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, so I think the tariff announcements only came in April first week. So, in that 
context, we saw upside or we are seeing upside as we speak from this quarter’s 
standpoint. How does it stabilize in the mid-to-long term will depend on sort of how 
the tariff situation finally settles down. But yes, from a Q1 point of view, on this 
specific molecule, we do see some upside. 
Meet Vora: 
Understood. Thanks. That's all from my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for the day. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you everyone for taking our time late evening. As we mentioned earlier, I think 
despite a challenging year we ended the year, I would say, on a positive note, with 
a year-on-year growth both on revenue as well as on EBITDA. As we get into FY ‘26 
despite volatile macros, we remain quite focused on driving all the cost improvement 
initiatives, remain very agile in our business operations to ensure that we take 
opportunities wherever available given the geopolitical uncertainty  and in that 
context, remain committed to deliver on our three-year guidance. Thank you 
everyone and have a good night. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Aarti Industries, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
