 
23rd May, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
  
 
 
 
 
         
Subject: Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Monday 
19th May, 2025 to discuss financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025. 
 
The transcripts are also available on Company's website at: 
 
https://www.ppapco.in/assets/pdf/quarterly_reports/PPAP_Earning_call_transcript_STX-Q4-FY25.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
for PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankhuri Agarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
PANKHURI 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9927, 
pseudonym=wjyp69bo1vn7x2dfthm8rkqic3
z045la, 
2.5.4.20=1604d297fe249f5c48b13a49ffd67c
f54200826ffaccb064656016608cc8c030, 
postalCode=201017, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a4e4
fc771f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d694aa4
73, cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.05.23 15:32:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited 
Q4 & FY‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 19th May 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PPAP AUTOMOTIVE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 
 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the PPAP Automotive Limited Q4 and FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain, Managing Director and CEO, PPAP 
Automotive Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir, 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you very much, Anushka. Good morning, everyone. I would like to extend a very 
warm welcome to all the participants joining us on this call. Accompanying me today are Mr. 
Sachin Jain, our CFO, along with our Investor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. 
 
I trust you've had the opportunity to review our quarter 4 and financial year '25 results, along 
with the investor presentation, which are readily available on the stock exchanges as well as on 
our website. 
 
Let me start today's call with a brief overview of the industry. The automotive industry operated 
in a challenging macro environment during financial year '25, marked by shifting demand 
patterns and cost pressures. While passenger vehicle sales reached an all-time high of 43.02 lakh 
units, growth was modest at 2% year-on-year, driven by an 11% increase in utility vehicles, even 
as passenger car sales declined sharply by 12.6%. 
 
The 2-wheeler segment recovered, growing 9.1% year-on-year, while 3-wheelers rose 6.7%, 
aided by increasing EV adoption. Commercial vehicle volumes declined 1.2%, reflecting 
subdued demand. Amid these headwinds, the industry showed resilience, and our performance 
reflects the strength of our business model, customer focus and operational agility. 
 
Now let me take you through the operational highlights for the company in financial year '25. 
The automotive parts business continues to be the cornerstone of PPAP's growth. We specialize 
in body sealing systems and interior and exterior injection moulded parts supplied to both ICE 
and EV platforms. 
 
In financial year '25, we secured new orders totaling INR601 crores, including INR208 crores 
from the EV segment, demonstrating our increasing presence across both ICE and EV platforms. 
Notably, in quarter 4 alone, we achieved new order inflows of INR188 crores with INR59 crores 
originating from the EV segment. 
 
Our strategic focus remains on expanding our footprint across all major passenger vehicle 
manufacturers, including Maruti Suzuki, Honda, Toyota, Kia, Volkswagen, Hyundai, Renault-
Nissan and others, as well as their Tier 1 suppliers operating within the country. We are also 
committed to increasing content per vehicle with particular emphasis on premiumization and  
the integration of value-added parts, thereby enhancing our value proposition and market share. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Over the past several years, we have dedicated significant effort to establishing a strong 
relationship with Mahindra & Mahindra. And I am thrilled to share that in April, we achieved a 
major milestone by onboarding them as a direct customer. This development marks a pivotal 
moment in our journey to expand and diversify our OEM partnerships. 
 
In financial year '26, while the industry is expected to experience modest or muted growth, we 
remain optimistic about our prospects. This confidence is driven by the upcoming launch of new 
models, including several that were originally slated for introduction in financial '25, but have 
been rescheduled for financial year '26. 
 
Our Industrial Products division, which specializes in developing application engineering 
solutions for various industries, demonstrated strong growth throughout financial year. This 
division now contributes approximately 2% to our total sales. Notably, sales in this segment 
doubled compared to the previous year, reflecting the growing demand and our successful 
market expansion efforts. 
 
I am also pleased to share that this division has begun its entry into the export market. Trial 
orders were successfully completed in financial year '25, and we are now poised to commence 
significant supply shipments from this year onwards. A few customers are waiting the effect of 
the tariff wars initiated by U.S. till July of this year. We would be able to get more confirmation 
on this by the second quarter of this year. 
 
The aftermarket vertical operated through our wholly owned subsidiary, Elpis, maintained its 
robust performance in financial year '25. The business achieved a 16% growth and now accounts 
for 4% of the group's total revenues, reflecting its strong market position. 
 
Our team continued to innovate and expand our product offerings, launching over 550 new SKUs 
during the year, bringing our total SKU count to 1,271. In addition, we strengthened our digital 
presence by broadening our online sales channels through our own website, as well as platforms 
like Amazon and Flipkart, enhancing our reach and accessibility. 
 
Furthermore, financial year '25 marked the beginning of our strategic efforts to enter 
international markets. Several initial steps were taken towards establishing a foreign presence, 
and we remain optimistic that this year, our aftermarket division will bring significant 
breakthroughs in our export endeavors, opening new avenues for growth and diversification. 
 
Our commercial toolroom business, Meraki Precision Molds, delivered an impressive 75% year-
over-year growth in financial year '25. Leveraging our advanced mold making capabilities, this 
division now serves both automotive and non-automotive customers with a well-defined road 
map to expand capacity and scale operations further. 
 
In financial year '25, the commercial toolroom contributed approximately 4% to the overall 
consolidated revenue. Looking ahead to financial year '26, the division is already well positioned 
with over 120 mould orders worth INR25 crores, which are scheduled for execution over the 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
next 12 months to 18 months. This strong order  pipeline underscores the confidence of our 
customers and sets the stage for sustained growth and increased market share. 
 
Our battery division has recently undergone a rebranding to Avinya Batteries Limited, formerly 
known as PTech. Last year, we strategically shifted our focus from mobility applications to 
storage solutions, a move that is already yielding positive results. While the adoption rate has 
been somewhat slower than initially projected, the division is making steady progress. 
 
In financial year '25, we successfully reduced some of the losses incurred by the company, 
setting a strong foundation for future growth. Looking ahead to financial year '26, we anticipate 
significant expansion driven by upcoming orders from marquee customers in the storage 
segment. We are confident that this focused approach will drive considerable growth in the 
coming years. 
 
The capacity utilization for the parts business stands at 72% for financial year '25, and we 
anticipate further improvement on the back of higher sales and ongoing cost optimization 
measures. The capacity utilization for the tooling business stands at 80% and the utilization for 
the battery pack business stood at a mere 5% for the financial year '25. 
 
In financial year '25, we achieved the lower end of our revenue guidance. The delay in the start 
of production for several new models by our customers, along with slower-than-anticipated sales 
growth in our battery division contributed to this temporary slowdown. These factors impacted 
our overall outlook for the year. 
 
Looking forward to financial year '26, we are optimistic about the outlook with expected 
revenues in the range of INR600 crores to INR660 crores. This outlook aligns with our strategic 
goals of growth and margin improvement, and we remain confident that ongoing efforts and 
upcoming milestones will drive us towards these targets. 
 
Friends to be very honest with you, after 5 years of dedicated effort, I genuinely believe we are 
now at the dawn of a promising new chapter for all our businesses. As we look ahead to the next 
5 years, our primary objective is to ensure that our established business, along with these new 
ventures not only succeed, but also achieve unprecedented growth and derisk the group from 
customer, segment or democratic risks. 
 
Now I would request Mr. Sachin Jain to take you through the financial results of the group. 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. Good morning, everybody. So for Q4 FY '25 on a stand-alone basis, our revenue grew by 
7.6% Y-on-Y basis to INR142.3 crores in Q4 FY '25 compared to INR132.2 crores (Wrongly 
said kindly read it as INR 132.3 Crores) in Q4 FY '24. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR15.7 
crores, as against INR12.4 crores up by 26.3% with the EBITDA margin improved to 11% in 
Q4 FY '25 compared to 9.4% in quarter 4 FY '24. Profit after tax stood at INR3.8 crores in 
quarter 4 FY '25 as against a loss of INR6 crores in quarter 4 FY '24. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
If we look at our full year performance on a stand-alone basis, so our revenue grew by 6.7% 
year-on-year basis to INR537.6 crores in FY '25 compared to INR503.9 crores in FY '24. 
EBITDA for the year stood at INR60.6 crores, as against INR43.8 crores, up by 38.2% and with 
the EBITDA margin improvement to 11.3% in FY '25 compared to 8.7% in FY '24. Profit after 
tax stood INR14.1 crores in FY '25, as against the loss of INR4.7 crores in FY '24. 
 
Coming to the consolidated financials for the quarter 4 FY '25, our revenue grew by 8.5% year-
on-year basis to INR147.2 crores in Q4 FY '25 compared to INR135.7 crores in Q4 FY '24 and 
EBITDA for the quarter stood INR15 crores, as against INR11.5 crores, up by 30% and the 
margin improved to 10.2% in quarter 4 FY '25 compared to 8.5% in quarter 4 FY '24. Profit after 
tax stood INR2.4 crores in quarter 4 FY '25, as against a loss of INR8.2 crores quarter 4 FY '24, 
making a decisive turnaround and underscoring our commitment to operational excellence and 
financial discipline. 
 
Further coming to our consolidated performance for full year, our revenue grew by 5.9% yearly 
basis to INR554 crores in FY '25 compared to INR522.9 crores in last financial year. EBITDA 
for the year stood to INR57.2 crores, as against INR39.7 crores in FY '24, up by 43.9% with 
improved EBITDA margin of 10.3% in FY '25 compared to 7.6% in FY '24. Profit after tax 
stood INR7 crores in FY '25, as against a loss of INR13 crores in FY '24. Further, the Board of 
Directors have declared a final dividend of INR1.5 per share to reward the shareholders, which 
leads to a cumulative dividend of INR2.5 per share for the financial year FY '25. 
 
Thank you, everyone. We can now begin with the questions-and-answer session please. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Ranodeep Sen from MAS Capital. 
Please proceed. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, I see the guidance for FY '26 is around INR20 
crores PAT. Just wanted to understand what gives you this confidence in terms of and which 
business segments will be contributing towards the same? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you very much for that question. In the next financial year, our profitability is going 
to increase first and foremost by improving our sales, thereby improving the utilization of our 
assets. So we anticipate that from the current level, 1% to 2% EBITDA margin could improve 
because we will be utilizing more of all the 3 areas, which I told you about the utilization for 
part business also, for tool business also and for the battery business also. So this should 
contribute 1% to 2%. 
 
Second, from our part business, we have 2 areas, where we are focusing on improving. First is 
our material yield ratios. So for financial year '25, the material yield ratio was somewhere in the 
range of 85%. And this year, we are targeting to take it up to 88% to 90%. So this should 
contribute about 1% to 2% to the bottom line. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Third area, what we are looking at for this year -- for this year is improving the manpower 
efficiency. If you look at the balance sheet, our ERE cost remains very high. And this year, we 
are taking that head on, and we should be able to again improve our manpower efficiency from 
85% to somewhere in the range of 88% to 90%, which should again contribute 1% to 2%. So 
we anticipate that if we do all these 3 things together, then we can further improve our margins 
between 2% to 4% overall. 
 
And one more factor, which will drive the further PAT on a consolidated basis will be if we are 
able to successfully increase the sales in the battery division, that would cut our losses, which 
have been contributed by that division on the consolidated results. So that is going to be another 
major area for us to watch for this year. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
Sure, sure. I appreciate the elaborate response. Sir, my next question in one of the earlier calls, 
you had highlighted that you're trying to engage actively with Mahindra & Mahindra and Kia. 
Any commentary on that? I'm aware that I think with Tata's, we are already doing great work. I 
think you highlighted the Curve success story. So if you can elaborate, especially on Mahindra 
& Mahindra and Kia. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Mahindra & Mahindra also, like I said in my introductory speech, we've already onboarded 
Mahindra as a direct customer. Kia, we have already been doing business with them from last 
many years. But this year, we have further increased our per car contribution with them. So both 
these customers are becoming strategic customers for us now. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
Sure, sure. And if I can just squeeze in one last question. Sir, if I look at your manufacturing 
facilities map, right, I think you're present in UP, you're present in Tamil Nadu and you're present 
in Gujarat. Any specific reason why we've missed out on Maharashtra, which is a big auto hub? 
Any thoughts around the same? 
Abhishek Jain: 
We have a facility in Pune, which we started last year. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
Okay. Sure. I wasn't aware about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aryan Jain from Lotus Wealth. 
Aryan Jain: 
So you mentioned that your lifetime order book as of now stands at INR2,834 crores. So do you 
think that the company has capacities to execute the whole order book in about 2 to 3 years? Or 
do you have a projection or something related to that? 
Sachin Jain: 
Regarding the order book execution, normally in automotive industry, it is delivered based on 
the model life. So the model life is different to every customer. For some customer, it is 3 years, 
for some model, it is 5 years, for another it is 7 years. So we consider the average life, so it is 
the average life of 5 years. Over the period of every 5 years, we need to deliver these orders. 
Aryan Jain: 
Okay. Perfect. And I had another question. The aftermarket business seems to be a growth 
engine, and you mentioned that the company has launched about 550 products for the year as 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
well. So like does the company have some inventory in about some particular company, maybe 
Maruti, Kia. Do we have products, which are skewed towards any company as such? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, Aryan, it's not only the aftermarket, which is driving the company's growth.  till 5 years 
ago, we were primarily focusing on the OE business, on the OE automotive business only. And 
apart from that, then we started derisking ourselves for Industrial Product division, aftermarket, 
tooling and the battery business. So these 4 businesses were started to derisk our group in the 
long run. 
 
When you're talking about aftermarket, we are focusing on spare parts. That is one area and 
second part is accessories. So both these areas are important to us. And third, what we have now 
started is consumable items also for the automotive application like sealings and all of that. So 
all these things put together, we have a big market to cover, and that is why we are developing 
more and more capabilities in this division from distribution point of view, from organization 
point of view, from product point of view and from operations point of view. 
 
So last year, we established a new warehouse for this division, which has enough capacity to 
take care of the requirements for the next 2 to 3 years. That's a central warehouse. And as time 
progresses, we'll think about setting up of regional warehouses to further improve the 
distribution and all. 
Aryan Jain: 
No, I actually was asking this question because there is a considerable export opportunity in the 
aftermarket business. So I thought if there are any particular products, which might be high value 
or high-margin products, so that could be a good signal. 
Abhishek Jain: 
You are absolutely right. Our focus is not limited to what we are making. This division operates 
independently. So they have options of sourcing all these products from other makers and 
rebranding and then selling them in the market as well. And export side also, like I said in my 
commentary, we have already started working on that. 
 
We already have a person, who is being appointed, a company and a person in the GCC area and 
the UAE to start talking to all the garage owners and looking at what requirements they have 
and developing the products for all of them. So all those things have already started in last 
financial year. That is why it gives me good confidence that this year, we should be able to start 
exports in this division also and in the Industrial Product division also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital. 
Ankur Gulati: 
In one of the earlier calls, you said that you are negotiating price increase with Maruti, and it 
was expected to be done by Q3 of financial year '25. So any updates on that? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, regarding the price increase, so last year, we got the price increase in our JV company. So 
there were certain price increases that were settled, but the impact is not that much. However, 
for certain things, the discussion is still going on with the Maruti. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
And what is the current raw material price? I mean, at the current raw material price, are you 
guys back to the old margin profile or not really? Or what is the margin profile at current raw 
material price? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry, could you repeat that, please? 
Ankur Gulati: 
So let's say, a couple of years back or a couple of quarters back, the raw material price increased, 
and our margins came down, right? Now given the current raw material price, how is the margin 
profile looking like? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Currently, I think the material prices are stable or they are weakening. We are not seeing any 
uptick in the material prices that are used by us. So I think the worst is behind us. What we saw 
immediately after the COVID years. I think that was the worst time for us. And things are 
looking much better now from the price point of view. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And your operating cash flow for this financial year is roughly INR50 crores. So any thoughts 
on how are you planning to use that? Is it capex acquisition, reduced debt or dividend? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. For the last year, we have generated around INR57 crores on the operating side. So 
dividend, we have already declared. So there is no major change would be there in this financial 
year regarding the distribution of dividend. For the capex side, we are quite conservative, and 
we are doing the minimum capex, which are required to currently cater the customer requirement 
and also investing mainly to establishing our facilities and machine investment is directly linked 
with the customer orders. So that's where we are planning our cash flow. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So if the capex is slightly measured, then do we expect that in FY '26, whatever operating cash 
flows we have, that will be used to reduce debt? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. 
Sachin Jain: 
Definitely will reduce the debt. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And sir, there was some strategy presentation, where all the divisions head just presented. I think 
it's uploaded on YouTube also. So if I sum up, I think the overall target, if I heard it right, is 
INR800 crores for financial year '26 and INR100 crores of OCF. Any thoughts on that? I mean, 
INR800 crores versus your official guidance of INR670 crores? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, that INR800 crores and INR100 crores is what we want everybody to start planning for in 
this year. So whatever guidance we have given is based on the actual numbers. And that INR800 
crores and INR100 crores is basically for capability development of the organization for the 
following years. So please don't consider that as a guidance for this year. 
 
That is very clear that in this financial year, apart from improving the margins and establishing 
our business, whatever has come in the last year, this year, our internal organization has to 
become capable of handling businesses worth, first of all, opportunities worth those numbers 
have to be created, and we have to start developing our organization in that sense, whether it's 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
the business development team, whether it's the operations team, whether it's supply chain, 
finance, everybody has to start developing their mindset according to what is required for the 
company to achieve those numbers. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So that INR800 crores is not the top line target at least as per the uploaded video, that is not FY 
'26 target, right? That's, let's say, 2 years down the line... 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, no, that's not for that purpose. That -- the purpose is only for guiding people to develop their 
capabilities. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Understood. And really appreciate all the division heads presenting. So I'll request if you guys 
can continue with that practice as and when you do your internal session. Next part on the... 
Abhishek Jain: 
All the division heads, apart from this video, every Board meeting, all the division heads are 
presenting their performance to the Board of Directors as well. We did that last week also during 
the Board meeting. It's a very transparent process in our company. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Yes, I appreciate that. On the battery side, is there any discussion to get into BESS side, which 
basically helps you guys ramp up the utilization faster? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, we are talking to a couple of people, who are making these telecom products. So we are 
working with them. We are working on the solar side. We are working on storage applications 
like for AGVs and all that. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And what is the cost going -- sorry, go ahead, please. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, please go ahead, sorry. 
Ankur Gulati: 
What is your cost competitiveness versus China battery? I mean, we are 10% expensive or what? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See cells are, anyway, everybody is  importing from China. Our main competitive advantage in 
battery business is our sense of responsibilities and the sense of organized industry we offered  
in this area because we have the automotive experience. So there are a lot of unorganized players 
in the industry, who cut corners to make a quick buck and to deceive the customer by providing 
them some inferior products or solutions in the long run. So the trust factor that the customer 
has on us is what is our main USP for this division. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Yes. But I mean, if you can give us more color, what steps are you guys taking to ramp up -- 
ramp up the capacity utilization. 
Abhishek Jain: 
For the battery division? 
Ankur Gulati: 
Yes, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
 As I was explaining you in the opening speech as well, so all these orders are being tested by 
our customers. And in April also, a couple of final audits were scheduled to be done. Those are 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
all complete. So hopefully, by this month end or next month beginning, we should start getting 
the orders. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And let's say, if all of them crystallize, what your capacity utilization will be for the financial 
year '26 for battery business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
We are hopeful that at least 50% of the capacity should get utilized by this year. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And what is the breakeven for this business in terms of PAT, not EBITDA or PBT? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, it's 50% to 55% utilization. There would be breakeven for the PAT level. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And what is the PAT loss... 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sorry, what is the PAT loss for financial year '25 in this business, sir? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, it is INR7.9 crores. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sorry, INR7.9 crores? 
Sachin Jain: 
INR7.9 crores. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And the guidance that you're giving '20-25 crores that assumes that this breaks even or is there 
an upside to it? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. This is from breakeven. 
Ankur Gulati: 
See what I'm trying to I mean, your guidance is your EBITDA will go by INR20 crores, your 
PAT will go by INR13 crores. If I plug in 2% margin growth and 10% revenue growth even 
without factoring in battery, you're already hitting your INR20 crores PAT. But if battery breaks 
even, doesn't that add, let's say, another INR7 crores, INR8 crores to PAT? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. It depends because it is within range based on the circumstances, but we are expecting how 
much we're able to actually execute because the efforts we are taking. Average output  would be 
different, what we are targeting. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Understood. And for your Industrial Product business, any discussions with, let's say, large 
electronic manufacturers for, let's say, washing machine base or any of these things or basically 
go out of expand beyond auto sector? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So in this Industrial Product division, like in the automotive business, we are doing the body 
sealing systems. Our focus is on making sealing systems for other applications. That is our first 
focus. So last year, we made certain solutions for air handling units and storage containers and 
all that. So that will continue. so that is first area. 
 
Second is to engage with, like you rightly said, from automotive to non-automotive customers 
like cooler makers and all that. So cooler makers, we are already doing certain products for them 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
from injection molding side. Last year also, we did it. And this year also, we will do it. That is 
the second focus area. 
 
And third, most important for us is to get into the export side. I think last year, we did a trial 
order of about less than INR1 crore in that year, in financial year '25. I think this year, we are 
seeing visibility of a much higher number compared to that. And like I was saying, because Mr. 
Trump  had initially put a lot of tariffs and then he hold the tariffs till July. 
 
So our customers have requested us that please wait for till July to give you a clear answer 
whether the new business that is under discussion with them -- what will be the future of those 
businesses. We've already settled all the cost and everything with them. It is just that they are 
waiting till July to see how this thing pans out, what is the reality of it and what kind of risk do 
they anticipate post that. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Then it will be a good breakthrough for us -- for this division as well. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Yes. And just from internal targets perspective, when do you guys think you will be able to hit 
15% ROE? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. So 15% ROE would take time because currently, we were having negative ROE-- last year, 
So internally, we are evaluating that we'll be able to achieve those target of 15% kind of ROE. 
So right now, I cannot tell you the time lines. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanya from Elevate Research. 
Tanya: 
I had a couple of questions. So my first question is that within aftermarket, we introduced around 
150-plus SKUs. What is the revenue share from this segment now? 
Sachin Jain: 
Last year, it was 4% in FY '25. 
Tanya: 
Okay. And can you help me understand what our target would be by FY '26? 
Sachin Jain: 
In FY '26, we are targeting to increase it up to 5% to 6% in this FY '26. 
Tanya: 
Also I understand that we missed the guidance given in FY '25. So can you please help me 
understand and give me a detailed explanation as to why that happened? 
Sachin Jain: 
So regarding missing the guidelines, if you see on the top line, we were able to meet the lower 
range of the guidance. However, on the PAT level, on the EBITDA level, basically due to the 
PTech, we could not achieve that because earlier we were anticipating that we would be able to 
have the operational profit in that company and reduce the losses by 50%. So that would directly 
reflect to the EBITDA and the PAT level. 
Tanya: 
Okay, sir. So what are the growth levers for our margins growth? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Sachin Jain: 
I think initially in the first question, MD sir has already covered about the growth lever for the 
margin side. First is the better utilization of the assets. Second, we are working on the efficiency 
improvement of employee side and the material side. And thirdly, we are also working on the – 
improvement of 2the battery business realization. So that will also result in improving the overall 
EBITDA margin and the consolidated profit also. 
Tanya: 
All right, sir. Also, just a follow-up to that, are these margins sustainable, the FY '25 margins? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, yes, these are sustainable margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prisha Rathi from NM Securities. 
Prisha Rathi: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. So my first question is with an order book of INR2,834 crores, 
what portion is expected to be executed for FY '26 and FY '27? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. For the next year, I think if we track it, it would be for the next financial year, we likely 
have already given the guidance. So that is already covered there. 
Prisha Rathi: 
Okay. Okay. So my next question is for the EV business now contributes INR208 crores in order 
wins. So what is our target share of EV revenue over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See there is no specific target for EV business for us. Whatever products we are making, these 
are all engine-agnostic products. It goes into EV also and it goes into non-EV vehicles also i.e. 
ICE engines also. Only thing what we are now focusing more is we are becoming more 
aggressive in getting orders from all the EV makers in the country. 
 
So whoever is launching an EV in the Indian market, we are aggressively targeting them to get 
orders for our parts. So we have done that with Tata Motors also. We've done that with Maruti 
Suzuki also. We've done that with Suzuki Motorcycles as well for their EV 2-wheeler, whoever 
is launching EV products now on. So since last year, we are aggressively focusing on getting 
business for those EVs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sir, on the inventory side, is there any inventory which -- where you took some inventory losses 
when the prices came down and there's a probability of booking inventory profits or unwinding 
those provisional losses? 
Sachin Jain: 
No, there is no asset losses because in the automotive industry, the inventory is also one of the 
area, which always remain in radar. So there is no asset losses. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Understood. And what is the capital employed in battery business? 
Sachin Jain: 
So total capital employed in the battery business is around INR55 crores. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
This is out of roughly INR300 crores of total net worth, right? Or should I look at total liability 
side? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So, just to be clear, out of INR300 crores of net worth, INR50 crores is invested in battery -- or 
is it INR50 crores out of INR568 crores of liability? 
Sachin Jain: 
Can you come again what you're saying? 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sir, your total liabilities is roughly INR568 crores. So when you're saying capital employed is 
INR50 crores, that includes -- should I look at INR50 crores out of INR568 crores or INR50 
crores out of net worth of INR300 crores. Is it capital employed or equity? 
Sachin Jain: 
It is total capital employed. That is part of -- you can say about INR380 crores because there are 
certain loans, which are also there from the PPAP side. So it is a part of net worth only. 
Ankur Gulati: 
One more request, if SGA can help us post call is to share pretax ROCEs of all 3 or 4 divisions. 
So that helps us understand that which business vertical is back to the decent set of ROCEs, if I 
may request SGA to share that. Or if you can add that to your presentation going forward, that 
will also be helpful. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sure, Mr. Gulati, you can contact SGA. And if you have any more questions also specific ones, 
they can organize a call with us, and we can answer your queries. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit from HG Hawa. 
Amit: 
Sir like -- just a different question, like any one key insight, which you must have discovered in 
the past 3 to 5 years, which is very unique to understanding your sector on a specific business 
sector? 
Abhishek Jain: 
One key insight? 
Amit: 
Yes, which you must have discovered in the past 3 to 5 years, which must have helped you to 
find uniqueness in your industry or in your sector, which you must have discovered in the last 3 
years? 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think that's a very interesting question. Amit, I need to think about it little bit. 
Amit: 
Many of the questions have already been answered actually? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Uniqueness, see, at the end of the day, it is a matter of perseverance and keeping your focus on 
the right thing. That is what I think has been the main learning for the last 4- 5 years for us. 
There have been many disturbances, many ups and downs, good situations, bad situations. But 
I think ultimately, what works is that you keep your long-term focus, and you work with 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
perseverance and do the right things at the right time. I think this is what I can off-hand 
summarize for you what our learning has been. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Jain for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, everyone, and thank you, moderator, for moderating the session. Friends, financial 
year '25 was a year marked by steady progress, disciplined operations and strategic foundational 
initiatives. The company has taken a proactive and aggressive approach to improving margins, 
focusing on operational excellence and cost optimization. 
 
Looking ahead to financial year '26, we remain confident in delivering further enhancements in 
overall performance driven by our continuous efforts to boost operational efficiencies and 
strengthen profitability. We are committed to building on the momentum gained and achieving 
sustainable growth in the coming year. 
 
Thank you very much to everyone for joining us on this call today. We hope we were able to 
address all your questions effectively. In case required for any further queries or clarifications, 
please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations Advisor, Strategic Growth Advisors, and 
we'll be more than happy to answer any queries that you may have. Thank you very much, 
everyone, for being on this call. 
Sachin Jain: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
