 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department  
BSE LTD.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
SCRIP CODE: 543748 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
SYMBOL: AARTIPHARM 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript 
of 
Q4/H2 
FY25 
Earnings 
Conference Call 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations 2015 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 12, 
2025 on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Q4/H2 FY25.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AARTI PHARMALABS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
JEEVAN MONDKAR 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND LEGAL HEAD 
ICSI M. NO. A22565 
 
Encl.: a/a. 
Jeevan 
Bhargav 
Mondkar
Digitally signed by 
Jeevan Bhargav 
Mondkar 
Date: 2025.05.16 
14:25:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited Q4 FY2025 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, Ms. Jainkunia. 
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur 
Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Aarti Pharmalabs Limited. 
On behalf of the Company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
Company's earnings conference call for the 4th Quarter as well as for the financial year 2025. 
Before we begin, let me just mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. 
Such statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made by and the 
information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of 
today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the Company's fundamental 
business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and hand 
it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Rashesh Gogri, Chairman; Mrs. Hetal Gogri 
Gala, Vice Chairperson and Managing Director and Mr. Piyush Lakhani, Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company. 

 
Page 2 of 22 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Rashesh Gogri to start with his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on Aarti Pharmalabs' earning call for the 
quarter Q4 & Full Year FY25. I appreciate your continued interest in our business. I shall take a few 
minutes to walk you through our performance for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025, 
highlight some key achievements, and provide a future outlook. 
Consolidated financial highlights for Q4 & FY'25 were as under: 
 
I am pleased to report that FY’25 has been a landmark year for the Company. Q4 served as 
a strong finish to a year defined by business expansion and operational excellence. 
 
Revenue for Q4 FY'25 stood at Rs. 564 crores representing an 11% YoY growth. On a full 
year basis, the revenue came in at Rs. 2,113 crores, a 14% increase YoY. This reflects an 
upward growth trajectory supported by strong execution and healthy demand across all 
the business segments. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 146 crores, a 24% increase YoY. EBITDA margins expanded 
to 26% up from 23% in Q4 FY'24. For the full year FY'25, we achieved an annual EBITDA of 
Rs. 464 crores growing by 20% YoY and underscoring our strength of our operating 
leverages and efficiency measures. 
 
Profit after tax for Q4 FY'25 rose sharply to Rs. 88 crores marking a 35% YoY growth and 
setting a new record for quarterly PAT. For the full year FY'25 the profit after tax reached 
Rs. 272 crores, a 26% increase over FY'24, driven by both topline growth and margin 
expansion. 
 
In FY'25, our net cash from the operations remained strong at Rs. 332 crores, providing us 
the financial flexibility to reinvest in capacity expansion in R&D.  
 
In line with the strong financial results and our commitment to enhancing shareholder 
value, the board has declared a dividend of Rs. 2.5 per share for Q4 FY'25, the final dividend, 
bringing total dividend for the full year to Rs. 5 per share. 
Let me now present the business performance highlights: 
The Company operates in three separate segments in the pharmaceutical industry – 1) Xanthine 
derivatives, 2) API intermediates and 3) CDMO/CMO: 
 
Xanthine derivatives contributed to 34% of the turnover in Q4. There was no significant 
change in pricing. The Xanthine facilities operated at almost full capacity in Q4. 
 
The API & Intermediate business recorded the highest ever quarterly sales and stood at 
39% of the total turnover in Q4. The sub-segment-wise breakup is 52% in the regulated 

 
Page 3 of 22 
market, 38% in RoW, and 10% non-regulated market, which aligns with our long-term focus 
towards the regulated market. 
 
The CDMO/CMO segment has contributed 27% of the turnover in this quarter and we are 
currently working with 21 customers. The number of active projects is now 61 projects 
against last quarter's 56, out of which 33 projects are at the commercial stage and 27 are 
under the different stages of development, both at customer's end. 
Let me share the progress updates on key growth initiatives: 
 
For our Xanthine derivative business, the capacity expansion to 9,000 metric tons is 
progressing as planned, with phased commissioning estimated in H2 FY'26. As promised in 
Q3 earnings call, we have completed the filings for regulated approvals of USDMFs and CEP 
for the pharmaceutical market. The pharma market sales is likely to yield higher realization 
on a per kg basis. In the long term, we anticipate the beverages market to continue as the 
largest segment for the Xanthine business. 
 
The greenfield project at Atali, Gujarat is in final stages of completion. The mechanical 
completion is expected to finish around the end of this current quarter. It's planned to get 
operationalized in phases and the full ramp-up is expected by the end of this financial year. 
 
I would like to update you about our sustainability achievements. Recently, we earned 
EcoVadis Gold Rating ranking among the top 5% globally in sustainability. Another 
milestone has been the approval of GHG emission reduction targets by SBTi. With this, we 
have become the sixth Indian Pharma CDMO player to earn SBTi approval for all the three 
scopes. 
Let me now speak about the forward outlook: 
Looking ahead towards the future, we are confident of building on this growth momentum. Long-
term relationships and repeat order from pre-customers remain the cornerstone of our stability. 
Our business strategy continues to be centered around growth, backward integration and financial 
discipline. 
 
On a standalone basis, we are guiding an EBITDA growth of around 12% to 15% in FY'26 
over the higher base of FY'25. This should be supported with an increase in contribution 
from higher margin products and improved process efficiencies and volume growth. 
 
The Xanthine capacity of 9000 MT is likely to be operationalized fully by Q1 FY'27. In the 
next 3 years, we aspire for capacity utilization of 80%-90%, with 50% sales targeted to 
beverages and regulated customers. 
 
For API & Intermediate segment, we are continuously working towards product innovation 
and focusing on new molecules with patent expiry in the next 3 to 5 years. 

 
Page 4 of 22 
 
On the back of strong manufacturing capabilities and sound R&D setup, the CDMO/CMO 
revenue is estimated to grow around 30% to 40% in FY'26. 
To conclude, FY'25 has been a record year for us with the highest ever EBITDA and PAT, driven by 
strong performance across all the three business segments. This performance is a testament to our 
team's hard work, strategic focus and resilient business model. 
I want to express my deepest appreciation to all business stakeholders for their outstanding 
contribution and to our investors for their continued belief in the growth journey of Aarti 
Pharmalabs. We have entered FY'26 with a strong fundamental, clear strategy and a solid platform 
for sustained value creation. 
I now request the moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the 
line of Ahmed Madha with Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations and good set of numbers. I had a question on the 
CDMO of business. Just to understand the CDMO business model better, I have two questions. One, 
in most of the products which we have in a pipeline are already commercialized, are we the primary 
source suppliers, the first or second source supplier? Are we the third, fourth or rather the secondary 
supplier? And could you quantify in whatever projects about 30 of them commercialized? How 
many, can you quantify them into two different buckets, whether we are primary or secondary? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Currently we are primary and secondary in different projects. We are currently not quantifying 
them. However, each project is important and the commercialized products are being sold as 
commercial products by innovator in the market. That's why, wherever we are a second source, we 
have represented Aarti as a viable option, creating our value proposition and allowing them to shift 
from their other source to us. So those businesses are also as important as the first source 
opportunity. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And from the total 33 commercial projects, how many of them contributed to revenue in 
FY'25? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, that number we will have to work out that exactly how many we have in FY'25. I think we should 
have worked on at least 75% of the project roughly exact number we will have to double check but 
roughly 70-75%. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And on the CDMO business side, we have set 30% to 40% growth. Going forward for the Atali 
project, we see we have pushed the timelines for about 3 quarters. Last quarter, you spoke about 
Q1 2026 commercialization. Now, FY'26 end commercialization. So if you could give some light on 

 
Page 5 of 22 
when you see the project ramping up in terms of revenue contribution? And secondly, on your 
website, we see that you have mentioned about ramping up the capacity to, I think, 1,200 KL 
incremental in a few years. So if you will give some guidance beyond FY'26, how do you plan to see 
the capacity addition in the Atali? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We would like to correct that the mechanical closure of Atali phase-I will happen by end of this 
quarter. Atali being also the facility from where we will do GMP intermediates supply, we have to 
go through the qualification. So those things will happen over next 3-4 quarters, where we take the 
validation batches and conclude. So that's what we have given. And that was also originally the 
target; all these things were anyway going to take time. However, we may be able to get a few 
products commercially out, early stages out from this site and we are very hopeful that we will be 
able to utilize the asset for continuous production of some of the products and we may shift some 
of the intermediaries also at the Atali site and wait for the qualification.  
Secondly, regarding this 1,100 KL capacity is our overall capacity currently which we have in all the 
multipurpose plants that we run, whereas we are adding 450 KL additional capacity with Atali. This 
is over and above the capacities that we have in the dedicated assets that we have. Post this Atali 
project getting completed, we will have almost 1,500+ KL capacity, which will be available with us. 
And subsequently, annually we will add capacities because Atali then being a brownfield expansion, 
we will be able to add additional capacity much quicker and we should be able to do that in a 12-
month timeframe whenever we require additional capacity at Atali. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Alright. I have a few more questions. I will join back in the chat. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Deep Gandhi with ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Hi sir. Congratulations on a very good financial year. So sir, my first question is on the CDMO side. 
So in our past interactions, you always explained that we have shifted from a pre-clinical model to 
a commercial project model. But now it seems that some of the molecules which are scaled up 
recently for us are such molecules where the innovator is still going ahead with the FDA approval. 
So, just wanted to understand more about this that, is it fair to assume that such products which we 
are catering to, will make our CDMO business much more lumpy? And secondly, could you comment 
on how the shipments will work here? Will it be a recurring shipments or will it be lumpy? And are 
we going to target more such opportunities or was this like a one-off opportunity for us? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, see, first of all, we have 21 customers with 60 product basket. So we have a very wide basket 
and very wide number of customers. Secondly, we are specializing and pitching ourselves as a 
manufacturing specialist. We would like to pick up the projects for CMO opportunities in and around 
phase-3. I have explained to everyone earlier also that, the manufacturer or the innovator would 
like to change and make their sources more efficient and the products, RoS also more efficient and 

 
Page 6 of 22 
that is where we try to push our expertise and get those projects. So that is where our target is and 
I think phase-3 to final approval if you see the chances of those are also almost more than 50% 
generally in the small molecules. So with that, we have a very high probability of product getting 
success. I am not saying that we don't have any products in clinical phase or early clinical phase, 
phase 1, 2. We have some products there also. However, we have a large basket of commercialized 
products where we have just delivered some initial quantities for their validation. We expect them 
to commercialize in coming years and the innovators do not take campaign every year. Some 
campaigns are alternate year. And then depending on their API manufacturing locations also, they 
also have schedules. So it takes little time. But once we are in, I think it's a long-term business and 
that's what we like. So instead of volatility, I think this business is going to give us more stability 
overall. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure. So is it fair to assume that the products which have contributed significantly for this quarter, 
you think should remain sustainable going ahead or there will be some lumpiness, if you can clarify 
that? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, they will be sustainable. The products that we have in this quarter, large products will be 
sustainable. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure. That was helpful. And sir, secondly on the API side, so if I look at from the export side, could 
you comment a bit on the pricing of some of our key products, particularly on say corticosteroids 
side where I see some of the products like Ciclesonide are at very high realizations. So do you think 
the FY'25 growth and realization for some of these products are sustainable or were there some 
factors like some shortages which helped our business? 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
The corticosteroid product range is very stable. There could be some pricing correction, but 
however, these products go in very limited quantities, so it is very difficult for our customers to 
change the source also. This would remain a continuous business for us. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So pricing will be stable more or less. Maybe tad lower but quite stable. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure, and sir just one last question regarding this only. So, know, our top 5 products in API in terms 
of exports contributed 70% of our revenue in FY'25. So could you comment on the outlook about 
this product for FY'26 in terms of growth? And are this product itself expected to grow quite well or 
are you expecting some new products also which should start contributing well say in FY'26, 
particularly in the API side? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, our top products, though we have not specified which are all top 5 or whatever are top 10, but 
we know for sure that these products are great products and we are continuing to build our strategic 
position in them and we are continuing to grow this market. We don't see any product under threat 

 
Page 7 of 22 
currently. And definitely, we have a few new launches also coming up in next couple of years where 
we see good anti-diabetic products or anti-cancer products for which we see that there would be a 
good scope for us to grab market share. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure. That was helpful. I will join back the queue. I have a few more questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prakash Kapadia with Spark PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks. Couple of questions from my end. If the CDMO segment is expected to grow 30% plus in 
FY'26, shouldn't the 12% to 15% EBITDA growth be higher? And should we expect, is it right to expect 
25% kind of EBITDA margins on a standalone business? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Currently, we are on significantly high base of FY25 because we have grown over last year by almost 
23%-24% on EBITDA. So, over and above, I think we should be happy with the good growth. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And just to get some more direction on the revenue side of the Company. So, with commissioning 
of the new plant for Xanthine sometime next year, what is the kind of growth we would expect in 
that segment? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
The Xanthine capacity will get fully operationalized by Q1 FY'27 and capacity utilization will happen 
over 90% over three years. It will be a gradual growth there but we hope to consolidate our position 
with our large buyers and this segment will grow in terms of overall quantum of revenue for sure. 
There will be good growth in this along with CDMO growth as well. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And on the API intermediate segment, we have seen a big growth this financial year. So what 
kind of a growth we would expect on this base in 26 and if you could give some insight into again, 
the growth will be led by regulated markets or rest of the world because we have grown pretty well 
this year? And lastly, on the CDMO side, you said 30% plus growth. So again, there, if you could help 
us understand the driver in terms of products or certain geographies, that would be helpful. That 
will give us more insights in the kind of potential revenue we are looking at. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think overall growth in API is driven by regulated markets and growth in export market or 
export backed market basically. Even if we are giving to India but ultimately the customer is 
exporting the products to regulated markets only, so that is where our focus has been and that's 
where we have been more and more successful in pushing our product and in future also the same 
will continue. In terms of the CDMO/CMO growth, we have given guidance of 30-40% and we expect 
this to be achieved by our current product mix of almost 60 products that we have with 21 
customers. We plan to grow it. In last one year we have added almost 20 new products with 6 new 
customers. You have seen the growth of customer addition as well as the number of projects that 
we have done over a period. I think we continue to maintain a strong R&D position, time bound 

 
Page 8 of 22 
commitment to achieve the turnaround of the product inquiries that we receive and grow the 
overall CDMO market in a very fast pace. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, if you could quantify the US share in exports and any impact of the current uncertainties 
given whatever US pharma is talking or whatever US is trying to do? Any impact on that part of the 
business? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, overall direct US export is not very significant as such in overall total revenue, but API is exempt 
from all these duties. We don't anticipate APIs will come under duty because if there is any impact 
I think it will be more on the formulation front not on the API front and then there will be shifting 
from supplying these APIs to Indian players who ultimately end up exporting there directly to US 
players who will ultimately buy our API and then supply in the US market. So we don't feel as of 
today any threat to our API current situation of the business. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. That's helpful. And any CAPEX number you could share for FY'26? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think FY'26, overall the CAPEX number is around Rs. 400 to 450 crores total capex that we will 
end up doing in FY'26. There is a remainder of current CAPEX of the Atali and then there are Xanthine 
expansion CAPEX which will also be spent. This year we ended up spending almost Rs. 400+ crores 
and next year also it will be the similar number, plus or minus 10%. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood. That's helpful. I will join back if I have more questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants. Please restrict yourselves to two questions. Next 
question comes from the line of Mohammed Patel with Edelweiss Financial Services Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Yes, hi. Sir, can you give approximate share of US in all three segments, direct and indirect? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think we will have to work out that number and get back to you. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay, and sir what is the breakup of this CAPEX Rs. 400 crores-Rs. 450 crores? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, total CAPEX is broken into the remainder of Atali CAPEX, which is almost around Rs. 200 crore 
remaining there and some CAPEX of Xanthine product around, we have to spend close to Rs. 100 
crore plus there and then other maintenance CAPEX and other R&D CAPEX. So all this put together, 
we will have close to this number. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay, and if you can just reiterate the CAPEX commercialization timeline, so separately for Xanthine 
brownfield CAPEX as well as Atali project? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
All will be commercialized in this current financial year. 

 
Page 9 of 22 
Mohammed Patel: 
And my last question, any comments on Xanthine pricing especially in the US market and any 
comments on how Pharma grade caffeine can contribute to our volumes and improve overall 
realization? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Overall, the Xanthine derivative prices are stable. Of course, they are low but stable and we 
understand that the prices have bottomed out. And the pharmaceutical market of course is a 
regulated market where we require to communicate with the FDAs and the medical agencies of 
different countries. That's why the pricing is little different and it is definitely higher. Now we are 
continuing to get newer inquiries and the focus is towards selling the products in the regulated 
markets so that we can accelerate our position in this segment. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Madhav with Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Madhav: 
Yes, just wanted to check on the caffeine Xanthine prices currently. Do you expect prices in the next 
year or so to be at similar levels or to move a bit higher? And what are the key factors to watch out 
for price recovery from currently, you know lower levels? And second part of the question is how 
different are spot versus contract prices for us? If you could give us some sense that will be helpful. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, Xanthine derivatives are sold in different markets, and different markets have different pricing 
dynamics. So of course, for confidentiality reasons, we can't explain all that. But overall, we are quite 
confident that the low-end prices of Xanthine, which are prevalent in certain market segments, they 
have bottomed out. The higher end prices will come down a little bit and lower end prices will go 
up. So I think it will be a balance which will happen. And with the expanded capacity we are still 
going to see the expansion in the overall profitability of this business for next few years to come. 
Madhav: 
Alright. And should we assume that volumes in the Xanthine segment for FY'26 will be flattish 
because we are running at full utilization. So volume growth is more in FY'27, is that how we should 
think about it? 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
Yes. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, basically what we have earlier also guided from a 4,500 to 5,000 plus capacity, so we will have 
that increase in the overall volumes of Xanthine, I think we will do phase wise commissioning so 
there also we will get certain capacities for last quarter also. So with that I think the overall case, 
Xanthine, I think that will produce much higher than last year but of course it will not touch the 
capacity. But on an annualized basis, it will be higher. 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
FY'27 we will have higher capacity. 

 
Page 10 of 22 
Madhav: 
So essentially you're saying 3 years to ramp up the new Xanthine capacity. So FY'27 if we start Q1, 
so you're saying by FY'29, it should be fully utilized? That's how we should look at it. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, you see basically 80%-90% we can always place the product in the spot market. But our idea is 
to get 50% targeted sales in the beverages and regulated customers. So to achieve that, it may take 
a little longer. 
Madhav: 
Okay. And my last question was in the CDMO business, where we have about Rs. 200 plus crores 
sales, could you give in a very broad sense in terms of how much of the revenue comes from 
commercialized molecules versus those which are in, phase-I, phase-II, phase-III kind of stages? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So bulk of our sales is coming from phase-III onwards, you know. So currently, Phase-III and 
commercialization product would constitute to be 75% to 80% of overall value of sales and smaller 
amount from the early phases. 
Madhav: 
Okay, got it. And, say, is there any of our, let's say, phase-III or like late stage molecule which has 
like a clinical readout in FY'26? Is there something like that which is lined up for us? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, we expect certain products to get launched in the next couple of years. 
Madhav: 
Next couple of years? Okay. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, this current year and next year. So probably depends on the approval when the FDA is 
approving. But I think next 2 years, we expect a few products to move and be big products for us. 
Madhav: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. So my first question was 
on the CDMO side, sir. So if we look at over the last two years, I think there are primarily two 
molecules which have contributed to the overall scale up that we have seen in the CDMO revenues. 
And given how our pipeline has increased over the past 12 to 18 months, do you think we have a 
few molecules lined up which have a potential to turn out to be a Rs. 1,500 crore kind of contributor 
to our sales over the next year or two? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I don't know about which two products you are mentioning but we have good products which have 
grown bigger and I think we are going to have much more products which will grow still bigger. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, and given you know our pipeline has increased significantly both the number of customers and 
our molecules. So the scale up from this newly added molecules is expected to happen over the next 
2-3 years? 

 
Page 11 of 22 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, and sir, when do you expect the Atali phase-I to be, let's say, optimally utilized at the 70%-
80%, will be starting this year and hopefully ramping up in FY'27 from Q1 onwards. So when you 
expect that, the Atali phase-I will be fully ramped up and we will have to go for the second phase of 
Atali because we have a lot of land and we do have plans to build more blocks there. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. We don't want overall occupancy to go much higher. We will build newer capacity, as we will 
commission additional blocks in Atali. That is what the current plans is. And we are very hopeful that 
every second year that we commission the manufacturing facility, say for example now we are 
commissioning in FY'26, by FY'28 we will completely exhaust that capacity and by '27 we will have 
another capacity up and running. We always have one capacity which is available, one block 
available as spare to meet the increasing demand of the customers. So that is how we are going to 
keep up with the pace at which we keep the production capacities built up. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So what you're saying is, as we have guided earlier that for the phase-I, Rs. 400 crore is the amount 
we are spending, which will have some common infrastructure for other phases also. And that 
should give us in 0.9x, 1x or 1.2x kinds of asset turnover. So that we should expect that most of that 
revenue we can come by FY'28? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, see ultimately that complete revenue breakup on the final sales may not be that faster but it 
will overall contribute towards the sales growth in our Aarti Pharma's intermediate as well as CDMO 
business because this plant is configured towards meeting the demand of intermediates and 
CDMOs, it's a common facility which we will be utilizing for both the businesses. Initially, we will 
shift the early stages in this site and get additional capacity freed up with the approved site which 
we have currently. And then we will get Atali also approved for the newer projects that we have. 
Atali will also have cyanation capabilities and other capabilities which will be unique, like how in the 
current CSD Vapi plant, we have hydrogenation and cyanation capability here. We will have 
cyanation capability along with our cyanation capacity that we have in these Xanthine plants that's 
where we are adding up. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, my last question was on the guidance of EBITDA of 12% to 15% for FY'26. So things like, are we 
being conservative here frankly because CDMO you are guiding for 30%-40% growth in revenues for 
this financial year. API also despite the kind of growth we have seen last year, last concall you were 
confident that we still have decent capacities available for good growth and we do have a lot of new 
products coming up especially on the anti-cancer front which will be getting launched and the 
existing products will also ramp up in this in FY'26. Xanthine also the added capacity will contribute 
a little bit towards growth for FY'26 as well. So, like, are we being conservative in our guidance of 
12% to 15% in FY'26? 

 
Page 12 of 22 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, along with whatever you mentioned, once we commercialize over Atali, the expense will also 
start adding up there and it will not add any meaningful revenue or contribution in the initial phase. 
For the second half of this year, I will have to expense that out also, so we have considered all that 
and then we have given the guidance. I think we prefer to meet the guidance and be realistic. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Given all this, FY'27 then is expected to be a very big year for us, Xanthine will have all the phases 
coming in. Atali phase-1 will have validation and all approvals done. And hopefully API also, the de-
bottlenecking project that we were talking about in last concall should also be done. So FY'27 should 
see a significant growth for us is what we can assume. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, in FY27. Of course it depends on the way in which the approvals come from the CDMO market 
and how we are able to shift and get the newer projects for which the approvals are expected from 
the FDA. So on that basis I think the CDMO business will grow and I think other two businesses are 
anyway going to grow organically as mentioned earlier in my speech that both the businesses will 
have organic growth with the capacity addition in API as well as the intermediate and the Xanthine. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure sir. Thank you and wish you all the best. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dhwanil Desai with Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations for a very strong set of numbers. Sir, most of the 
questions are answered. Two questions, one on Xanthine. So I think we are doing around Rs. 180 
crores to Rs. 200 crore quarterly numbers on Xanthine. So Rs. 720 crores to Rs. 750 crores topline. 
So with increasing capacity by 80% and the product mix changing towards more regulatory pharma 
side where the realizations are higher, and then when it gets optimally utilized at 90% plus, should 
we expect Rs. 1,300 crores-Rs. 1,400 crores kind of a revenue? Is that a right number to look at? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, as you rightly mentioned, the current number is around whatever you stated probably plus or 
minus here or there. But we have to see how fast we are able to push the product to the regulated 
customers and the additional market share from the beverages customer. It all depends on that. I 
think the range would be from Rs. 1,000 crore to Rs. 1,200 crore in any number, would be the growth 
area of Xanthine. I think we can go up to 1,000 to 1,250 depending on how fast we are able to get 
commercial and how the price is sustained for the other market. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And second question on CDMO side. So, what we have observed is that if you look at some of our 
data on the product side, some of the products where which are in 4th-5th year after patent, so 
maybe we are second or third core supplier in that. And off lately, probably we are also supplying 
two products which are going to be launched and maybe there we are primary supplier. So in terms 
of maturity of our business model of CDMO with customers, how do we see this progression 
happening over the last 3-4 years? And are we seeing incrementally more projects coming to us 

 
Page 13 of 22 
where we are primary suppliers or where we are working on lot of products which are going to be 
launched, henceforth in the next two years? Is that proportion rising? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, as you rightly mentioned that we have good products, we expect them to get launched in next 
couple of years. We are quite comfortable doing the products which are commercial because we 
know how big the market is and where we have a value proposition where the innovator is 
transitioning this product from other vendor to us, I think that's a very, very big step. And as we 
pride ourselves that we are the manufacturing specialists for these products. So we give them a 
value proposition. I think there a lot of products which are shifting from China to India and getting 
entry into the new product also is quite a challenging task. I think shifting if we are able to get as a 
3rd-4th source also, but we are part of this commercial product gives us a clear viability and visibility 
of what we will be able to do there. That's what we like. We like both kind of projects actually and 
because we like the stability and we like to be part of the newer age drugs which will get launched 
in next few years. We like both the products. We don't differentiate between them. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay, sure. Sir, just a follow up on that. So I think, some of these newer drugs may be requiring 
slightly more evolved capability like peptides, etc. And I am sure last one of the calls you had 
mentioned that you guys are kind of preparing yourself in terms of the R&D setup, etc. to kind of 
get into peptides and all. So where are we in terms of that process? And, are we kind of building 
that capability? Are we still far away from that? Any thoughts on that? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think we are, clearly we understand peptide is where the entire market is going to grow. 
Biotech products, peptide products, anti-cancer products. We like those areas. And of course, we 
currently do more small molecules. But we are attempting to do more higher molecular weight 
products, which are not very large molecular weight peptides but relatively mid-size peptides. We 
have started attempting them and we have a few projects which we are going to get ourselves 
getting a shot at those projects as well. So we have started that journey. Eventually we will do more 
solid phase products and then see how we take it up. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
They're very good to hear. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nitesh Dutt with Burman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on Xanthine. I think you had previously mentioned 
that you are doing the expansion in two phases, first to 7,500 metric tons and then to 9,000. I just 
wanted to confirm that will we reach the 9,000 number by Q4 that you mentioned and in which 
quarter do you expect the first phase of the 7,500 metric ton to start? 

 
Page 14 of 22 
Rashesh Gogri: 
It will be mostly in second half only so it will be in the last four months, I think. Something will come 
November-December-January and something will come by March. Basically, it will be in the second 
half where the capacity addition will take place. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Got it. And sir next question on API intermediates. So we have been around RS. 190 crores-Rs. 200 
crores quarterly run rate since the last three quarters. So do we have enough capacity available to 
drive growth in API intermediate segment in FY'26? And what are our current utilization levels? And 
can we quickly add capacity if required? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, as mentioned earlier, the Atali site will also have intermediate manufacturing facility. So that is 
where we will add newer intermediates and in our API site at Tarapur Unit-4 also we are deep 
bottlenecking our current new block. We are adding one additional line. With that, our capacity will 
go up by almost 15% to 20% of the current capacity that we have in overall general products that 
we do. Of course, we are also looking at the plans to enhance our capacities for steroids as well as 
the anti-cancer product in future. We will come out with those announcements also in future. We 
will have enough capacities to meet the demand in future. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Correct. On CDMO/CMO, in this financial year, were there any products, basically revenue from any 
products which might not get repeated in FY'26 and hence, do you see any kind of risks on the 30% 
40% guidance that you have given? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, 30%-40% guidance we have given based on the orders that we have and the visibility that we 
have. In CDMO/CMO, we are already in May and most of the businesses are in Q3-Q4 deliveries. We 
already know what we are supposed to make and what we are supposed to give. We have large part 
of this number already booked in the system as orders.  There will be certain products which will 
not repeat, but depending on the innovator preference of doing annual campaign or multi-year 
campaign depends on that and depends on how we qualify with one of their sites or the second site 
and all that. It's a complex thing but we are confident to meet and beat this number. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
And lastly sir on Atali, you mentioned that there will be certain cost in second half of FY'26. So 
possible for you to quantify the fixed cost that will come in this financial year? And also, how should 
we think about expected utilization or ramp up from FY'27 onwards, assuming FY'26 revenue would 
be negligible? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So overall I think it's a large manufacturing site and of course we have the budgeted number, but it 
will be I think we will have to really look at the number and give you some number guidance on that, 
at this position we are currently not ready to give you that number but there will be expense we 
have run this kind of size facilities in past in customs synthesis division and other sites. So there will 
be significant expense. But of course in FY'27 and FY'28, as I mentioned that the year that we 
commission next year and the year after that we should turn positive on the Atali asset that we ramp 

 
Page 15 of 22 
up. And then by that time we will have newer asset also. So in Atali, we will continue to invest in 
newer and newer block and we will build up. That's our investment program that we will do there 
and we will try to meet. I think in totality we have to look at the integrated business because initially 
we will be only able to transfer our certain project from our current site to Atali. Overall if you see 
the growth of CDMO and intermediate business, I think that it will really mirror the Atali utilization 
and the way in which it is going to go ahead. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Understood. Sir, one just last book keeping question. Aarti-USA, is there zero business coming by 
this entity you had mentioned last quarter that you are going to wind it up, and also if you could 
provide FY'25 CAPEX breakup of roughly Rs. 400 crore that you have signed. That will be really 
helpful. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Piyush, you want to answer? Aarti USA? 
Piyush Lakhani: 
Yes. Basically, we never said we are winding up. The business is likely to go down because whatever 
business Aarti USA was doing for Aarti Industries, that's going to decrease. If I have to give you 
number, in last quarter Q4, the topline was around Rs. 7 crores or so. It is definitely coming down, 
but it's not going to wind up. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. And on the CAPEX also, we have given the number at Rs. 400-450 crore, kind of a number of 
overall capitalization that we will have in FY'26. And I think it will be a mix of remainder of projects 
that we have for Atali and for Xanthine and there will be certain new projects which will have certain 
CAPEXes over the current year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Dutt, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line 
of Yash Sinha with MIPL Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Yash Sinha: 
Yes. I had 2 questions, first around Xanthine. I just broadly wanted to understand the difference in 
realization between the pharmaceutical usage of Xanthine and the more consumer focused usage 
of Xanthine? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Pharmaceutical and consumer, there would be 20% difference. 
Yash Sinha: 
And volume wise, what volume did we do for consumer and what volume did we do for 
pharmaceutical usage in FY'25? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We have given the breakup this time that how much we have done with the beverages. I think we 
have done around 54% of our total volume and other is all pharmaceutical and unallocatable 
volume. In pharmaceutical also the regulated is different, spot is different. So it's a mixture. So the 
beverage is 54% this last financial year. 

 
Page 16 of 22 
Yash Sinha: 
Got it. And on the CDMO side, I just wanted some color on the late stage projects. If you are allowed 
to release the name of some of the larger clients that you have and what specific drug usage the 
late stage projects are for, that would be very helpful. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We are bound by confidentiality. We can't reveal the names of the newer products. 
Yash Sinha: 
What are the products if we can talk about? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, they are lifestyle products. Some of them are lifestyle, some of them are anti-cancer kind of 
products that we have currently. 
Yash Sinha: 
So lifestyle includes things like skincare, weight loss, is that understanding correct? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, all kind of lifestyle. Antihypertensives and all, you know. 
Yash Sinha: 
Okay, got it. I think that's it from my end. Thank you and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Neha Kharodia with Abakkus Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Neha Karodia: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question was on the CDMO business. So just wanted to 
understand that industry-wide CDMO business is more skewed towards H2. But for us, at least for 
this year, it was significantly skewed. So let's say 10% in H1 and then 90% in H2 kind of distribution. 
So just wanted to understand going forward, let's say in FY'26 or FY'27, do we expect this to more 
of normalize this as in about 40% in the H1 or 60% or maybe some normalization versus the current 
skewedness? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No. It will be volatile, because if we have large volume customers buying at certain period of quarter, 
we are helpless, we have to supply them then. But we are confident about the growth that we have 
anticipated. But there will be no linearity in the numbers. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood, sir. And sir, also wanted to understand why the other income was negative for the 
quarter versus the run rate of about Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 5 crores per quarter? 
Piyush Lakhani: 
Yes, that's because of the forex losses. When we started, at the beginning of the quarter, it was 
heading in one direction, rupee against dollar. But towards the end of it, it came down. So it's 
basically the forex loss. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood. And just lastly on the Ganesh Polychem business, so we did about Rs. 14 crores EBITDA 
in last quarter from that business and this quarter it has significantly come down. So just wanted to 
understand how should one look at it going forward and like is it more, the business itself is more 
skewed towards Q3 and Q4 is usually low or how should one look at it? 

 
Page 17 of 22 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, for the Ganesh business that we have, there have been some slowdown in overall demand and 
what we have done is produce a significant quantity in earlier quarter and then we are actually 
upgrading our facility to move to a lower cost production route of synthesis for these products and 
that's why we have a shutdown which is ongoing for that site, which is almost 3-4 months. That's 
why you will see in the current Q4 as well as Q1 of this financial year the numbers will be impacted. 
But then once we start, I think we be able to make up the, you know, we will be able to come back 
to the normalization of numbers. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Sir, since you mentioned that it will be lower cost, so going forward should one expect margin 
expansion over this Ganesh Polychem business? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, we will be able to be a competitive source and we will try to get, so once the market recovers, 
you know, we will definitely be able to garner more market share of certain products, whereas we 
are trying to expand other product that we have and which has aerospace application. That product 
is being used for jets and all kind of drones and stuff like that. So that product we are trying to 
expand our volume and that also will happen in coming year where we are doubling the capacity 
from earlier year. With that, I think a couple of quarters of pain, but ultimately overall in future it 
looks sound. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood. And sir lastly on our guidance, so we have guided for medium term to grow about 15% 
for next 3 years. So any change in that or like over the medium term, are we more bullish or any 
change in the guidance? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So out of the 15% guidance in 3 years, we have achieved 24% in first year. But still, are guiding for 
12% to 15% growth in current year. And I think we will grow faster it looks like. 
Neha Kharodia: 
Understood. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go Ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, on the margin front, in one of the earlier calls you had stated 
that the margin difference between CDMO and API segment is not as what analyst committee used 
to expect and it's around 4%-5%. And how much will be the margin difference between, let's say, 
APIs and the Xanthine business? Will that also be like 4%-5% or lower? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We are not giving the absolute margin difference between both the businesses or any of the 
businesses. CDMO is higher margin business and Xanthine and API, are reasonable margin business. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, you also stated about entering into peptides and weight loss drugs. So is it on the API side or 
generic side or on the CDMO side as well? 

 
Page 18 of 22 
Rashesh Gogri: 
CDMO side. Not weight loss, but we are attempting to get into however if we become successful 
then we will be attempting newer drugs also. 
Ankit Gupta: 
It's still in the pipeline not something that we have got in our it's still in the works and not something 
which we have in our pipeline is what we can understand? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, thank you. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We end up developing 20-25 products every year and these products are in different categories and 
different, so we have done fewer large molecular weight products also there which are part of the 
peptide manufacturing. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from line of Aman Madrecha with Augmenta Asset Manager LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to understand as you mentioned that the margins 
in CDMO is higher than maybe the API and the Xanthine business. But if we see the quarterly 
contribution, we recorded somewhere around 20% to 23% EBITDA margin on the overall basis 
wherein your CDMO portion was higher, Xanthine was lower. But the sense we are getting is that, 
CDMO is somewhere diluting the margin, correct or this we are wrong over here? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I don't know from where you are getting this margin data. I don't know what numbers you have 
because whatever I stated is that the CDMO overall gross margins are reasonably higher than the 
API and the other two businesses. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from line of Kumar Saurabh with Scientific Investing. Please go 
ahead. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Hello, thanks for a good set of results. So my question is on the margin side, like in the last 3-4 years, 
we have done very well to improve the margin from 17% to 22% despite of a tough scenario on 
Xanthine. And given Xanthine margins are at bottom, how sure we are that we will be able to retain 
this 22% margin despite of whatever margin pressure comes on API or the CDMO side? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
You rightly stated that the Xanthine prices are at bottom for the spot market. Okay, so they are 
different in our averages still healthier overall and I think we are just expecting a growth in overall 
EBITDA. You know the margins may move 1% here or there, but I think we are quite confident that 

 
Page 19 of 22 
we will be able to grow the EBITDA. Of course, there could be some volatility depending on the 
product mix and what we are doing because the topline we don't too much bother about the topline. 
We bother about more bottomline growth and that's what we are guiding basically. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure. And sir, on the CDMO, I know you don't want to talk about the customer or molecules, but 
from a competitive side, can you elaborate, like with whom do we compete on the CDMO side? Do 
we have an advantage? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, we are competing European, Indian and Chinese, all three. In different products, we have 
different competitors. And that's how overall basket is lined up. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Are these competitors of similar size or they are bigger advantage compared to them? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, some of them are bigger size. However, we have also grown and our overall topline and all that 
we are close to $250 million company. Others may be higher than us also. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Is it possible if you can name your top 2-3 competitors for studying? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We compete with all the large who's who of China, India and Europe. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Okay, sir. Best wishes for the forthcoming quarter. Thank you. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Keshav Bagri with Manyavar Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Keshaav Bagri: 
Sir, my question pertains to the API segment, where for FY'25, we have grown by 28%. So is it 
possible for you to bifurcate this growth into price, product, timing, volumes, and new launches? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think we had few good products in FY'25 and certain products have done very well in FY'25. And 
we have exciting launch coming up in FY'26 and '27 also. So we have new products and we have to 
see whether our partners are able to get the market share and how it goes with our partners because 
completely the model that we have is wherever we are primary source there we have to rely on the 
partner's ability to retain the market share. And secondly, what we do is where we are very strong 
and where we have backward integration, we try to get into these companies as a second source. 
So there are certain such opportunities also which we are targeting and with those approvals, I think 
we will be gradually in certain products that we already have commercialized. We work with both 
these strategies in our API division. 
Keshaav Bagri: 
Okay. So sir, can the growth of FY'25 be extrapolated to FY'26? I am talking particularly for this 
segment given the fact that we have some new launches coming up and we have the new transition 

 
Page 20 of 22 
with the innovators, of course it is contingent on the fact that your partners, they get or they retain 
the market share, but just to get an overview? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think we can't say pinpoint depending on how it goes. But overall, I think we are confident about 
the EBITDA growth overall of the company and that's what we generally guide for. Individual 
businesses, I don't want to give a guidance because overall I think it averages out when we grow our 
EBITDA. That's what the goal is that how do we grow our bottom line. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Bagri, please rejoin the queue for more questions. The next question comes from 
the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
My question on the CAPEX side, we spend about Rs. 400 crores in FY'25 and you're guiding to Rs. 
400 crores to Rs. 450 crores for the FY26. So cumulatively Rs. 800 crores-Rs. 850 crores, can you 
please break it up for us in terms of segment wise for Atali how much, for Brownfield and Xanthine 
expansion how much, for solar plant how much and for any other purpose is how much, so just we 
can understand the break of that? 
Piyush Lakhani: 
So, Atali cumulative would be about Rs. 400-425 crores out of Rs. 800 crores that we are talking 
about. Solar was around Rs. 85 crores. Xanthine expansion would cost us anywhere about Rs. 150 
crores. And then there are other smaller projects, so that's how it adds up to 800.. Then there is 
R&D also we are doing about Rs. 40 crores every year. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Capitalization. 
Piyush Lakhani: 
Yes. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And solar plant, what will be the savings for us? Already done for Q3-Q4 if we can quantify the 
amount and what kind of savings you expect from the full year next year in this solar plant? 
Piyush Lakhani: 
I think what we have begun with was a payback period of around 3.5 to 4 years and we are on track 
to basically have that kind of payback so you can do the math. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Madha, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the 
line of Rakesh Banerjee with RAP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Banerjee: 
Sir, in the recent past there is a bit of selling by the promoter group. So is there any further plan for 
offshoring the promoter stake in the Company and if you can give some color on that? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Different promoter groups have different appetite to and long term plans. So I think there will be 
minor selling here or there, but it will not affect overall control of the company or anything. So I 
don't expect very large change in the promoter holding. 

 
Page 21 of 22 
Rakesh Banerjee: 
Okay, and regarding the total borrowings that we have currently we're having around Rs. 400 plus 
crores of borrowing. So what do we see the borrowing in the next one year from here? And yeah, if 
you can just give color on this? 
Piyush Lakhani: 
So next year in current year, think the borrowing is likely to go up by about Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 125 
crores, which would basically mean debt equity of roughly in the range of 0.23 to 0.25. 
Rakesh Banerjee: 
That's great. And so you have guided for 15% growth in revenue and 30%-40% growth in your CDMO 
business. Going by that, I mean, we just calculated that it comes around 15%-16% of the total 
revenue. Is my interpretation correct that in the next year, you're looking for a CDMO revenue 
contributing around 15%-16% of the entire revenue? 
Piyush Lakhani: 
No, we have not guided for the revenue. So we have guided on the EBITDA, whereas we have guided 
on the topline growth of CDMO. 
Rakesh Banerjee: 
Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question comes from the line of Jay Shah with J.S. Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Jay Shah: 
As previously I have connected and I was asking that you mentioned that over the next 3 to 5 years, 
a lot of molecules are going to go off-patent. What I want to know is how does the management 
basically look at entering into new molecules and is it via backward integration that you choose the 
molecules apart from the chemistry that you already are in. And what is the amount of backward 
integration even you have currently in terms of your top 10 API molecules? And second question is, 
as you keep on increasing your wallet share in API, do you think there is in future an overlap 
possibility of one of your API intermediate clients getting into the CDMO basket as the comfort of 
the client increases? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, largely there will be certain products which will, for which the patent expiries will happen. As 
earlier mentioned, we have almost 8 to 10 APIs which are constantly under development and then 
we are able to commercialize some of them every year. And we have more than 50 DMFs already 
filed and with those different forms of and different formulations also keep on expiring in future. So 
with that we get a chance to grab additional market share from the generic market perspective. 
Now in case of overall the strategy that we have backward integration on almost 60%-70% of our 
overall portfolio, barring I think some of the steroids at current situation because most of the 
steroids intermediaries we have to source because of the fermentation based product unavailability 
in India. And those are the only products where we don't have backward integration. Most of the 
other products, we have at least a good amount of backward integration and as a model, we also 
sell our intermediaries in some of these products. We have almost our intermediate basket of more 
than 100 plus products also, which we offer to the other generic manufacturers who are vertically 

 
Page 22 of 22 
integrated. That gives us overall additional market share for these large products where the 
integrated players will win the market. That is how the strategy works and that's how we expect the 
growth to happen. 
Jay Shah: 
Understood. And on the second question, is there any possibility of an overlap between the existing 
API, intermediate clients and the CDMO clients? 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think first what happens is that innovator has to lose exclusivity and then only they become generic. 
So I think it will be reverse. You know, it will be first CDMO, CMO and then once it becomes generic, 
we enter the generic space. And I think that is mostly unlikely to happen because the innovator still 
continues to be in the market and the market once the product expires also still there are so many 
countries where difficult to reach by the generic players, so that market share still remains with the 
innovator and that's where the current market of the innovator still continues and once innovator 
decides to sell off the product or do something with the product life cycle management, that's where 
the product can move from innovator driven to the generic space. Whereas, the CDMO business 
that we are focusing largely on, it's more for the newer products and not for the older products. So 
there are certain older products which have been and still innovator wants to buy and they add us 
as a source. But our model is towards better and protected products largely. 
Jay Shah: 
Understood. Thank you so much for answering the questions. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I would like to thank everyone to take the time out and attend our FY'25 final conference call. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Aarti Pharmalabs Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
