Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India 
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com 
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786 
 April 26, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East) Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500325 
Trading Symbol: RELIANCE 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: 
 Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Audio 
recording and transcript  
Transcript of the discussion on the Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) 
of the Company for the quarter / year ended March 31, 2025, at the analyst meet held on 
April 25, 2025, is attached.  
The audio recording and transcript, as above, are available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec.   
The analyst meet, conducted physically, concluded at 10:10 p.m. on April 25, 2025. 
This is for information and records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Industries Limited 
Savithri Parekh 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
Encl.: as above 
Copy to: 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange 35A 
Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg
Singapore Exchange Limited 
4 Shenton Way, #02-01 SGX Centre 2, 
Singapore 068807 
SAVITHRI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
SAVITHRI PAREKH 
Date: 2025.04.26 
22:04:31 +05'30'

1 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RIL Q4 2024 - 2025 
Media & Analyst Call Transcript 
25 April 2025  20:15 IST 
Call Participants: 
•
Sh V Srikanth, CFO, Reliance Industries Limited
•
Sh Anshuman Thakur, Head of Strategy, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited
•
Sh Dinesh Taluja, CFO & Corporate Development, Reliance Retail
•
Sh Kevin Vaz, CEO – Entertainment, JioStar
•
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy, President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited
Duration: 01:55:02 
Presentation Link:  
https://rilstaticasset.akamaized.net/sites/default/files/2025-
04/RIL_4Q_FY25_Analyst_Presentation_25Apr25.pdf  
Meeting Video:  
https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec 
•
Sh V. Srikanth 00:00:01 – 00:06:36 (Macro Environment and Performance)
•
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:06:44 – 00:21:15 (Jio Platforms)
•
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:21:19 – 00:37:20 (Reliance Retail)
•
Sh Kevin Vaz 00:37:27 – 00:45:55 (JioStar)
•
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 00:46:03 – 00:52:19 (Oil & Gas)
•
Sh V. Srikanth 00:52:31 – 01:14:19 (Oil to Chemicals, New Energy and Summary)
•
Q&A Session 01:14:47 – 01:55:02

 
 
 
 
2 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Transcript:  
  
PRESENTATION 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 00:00:01 – 00:06:36 (Macro Environment and Performance) 
 
But before that, just the overall macroeconomic. So, this is all about the context being 
significant volatility, tariff-related. We saw geopolitical conflicts continuing. You all know there 
were significant pressures on the margins overall on the back of both China capacity, weak 
demand. I think the clear standout is when you look at the overall numbers, the fact that ours 
has been a more domestic focus, if I start with each of the businesses, obviously with O2C, 
we saw strong demand growth. You have seen it in gas, oil, you have seen it in gasoline. You 
have seen it in ATF. You have also seen it in polymer, polyester. Oil and gas demand has 
been good. Retail has been actually in some ways mixed. First half was slow.  
 
Also, if you recall, we had three full quarters of significant streamlining and rationalization that 
we did, and beginning last quarter and more importantly this quarter you can see the pick-up 
in EBITDA. And second half also benefited from Mahakumbh and festive demand.  
 
Jio is in a very strong performance - customer additions, 5G subscribers, the ARPU going up 
and we did not lose customers, or we did not lose the intensity of data consumption too. The 
full year if you look at it, when I say energy here, I have taken O2C and upstream as part of 
the 8% number.  
 
We saw that, weaker cracks, polyester, to a great extent negated by a lot of things that we 
did on feedstock optimization. Domestic push has been a big standout, and I have a few 
slides on A, our market share, and B, what has been the growth in volumes there. Overall, I 
think the other point I would definitely flag is when you look at the O2C or energy performance 
in the context of how other global refineries have performed or standalone petrochemical 
manufacturers or even actually integrated players. If you see the numbers, it is absolutely 
standout in terms of our performance. So that is how EBITDA was lower by 8%.  
 
Jio platforms up 17% on the back of, of course, the leadership in technology, the number of 
customers added the ARPU increase, and now we are the world's largest data company and 
have 191 million 5G subscribers and ARPU at ₹ 206 plus at 13.5%. 
 
On retail I talked to you about the first half being soft and all the efforts on streamlining and 
rationalizations of stores, etc., and the third and fourth quarter has been pretty good. And 

 
 
 
 
3 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
also, all the operating metrics in terms of transactions, in terms of number of customers, all 
of them holding pretty well. And a lot of focus on quick commerce and Dinesh will talk to you 
about what we are doing on quick commerce.  
 
And of course, on JioStar, the effective date was somewhere in November. It is the largest 
media and entertainment company in India. Again, I do not want to steal the thunder of Kevin, 
but 280 million subscribers and I think I just like the statistics on 61 million live concurrency. 
I think it means a lot in the context of what you have seen even globally. And Kevin do talk 
about this when he presents. So these are the overall numbers on a full year basis, revenue 
up 7%, but obviously muted on EBITDA and PAT and we talked about O2C's performance 
there.  
 
When you look at each of, obviously the consumer business fully offset the weakness there. 
When you look at the PAT numbers for each of the entities, you can see JPL at ₹ 26,000 
crore, it is up 22% and RRVL almost ₹ 12,400 crore, up 11%. RIL stand-alone impacted 
because of O2C. 
 
Here is the balance sheet. So it has been a flat net debt environment and look at the capex 
versus our cash profits. Clearly, we continue to be below and all the numbers are pretty 
healthy there and allows us to invest. For the quarter revenues were up about 9% and 
EBITDA 4% up and again, PAT 6.4. Broad story on margins and when we talk about OTC, 
we will see that there has been this broader compression on deltas across transportation, 
fuel, and polymer and also maybe not on the polymer side, definitely has been weak. And big 
offsets with Jio on with up 18% and retail up 14%. Oil and gas was impacted with lower 
production. 
 
With this Anshuman. 
 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:06:44 – 00:21:15 (Jio Platforms) 
 
Thanks Srikanth. 
 
Good evening everyone. 
 
Welcome to the physical analyst meet. An update on the performance of Jio platforms. Strong 
revenue and EBITDA growth. This was a combination of both the tariff impact flowing through 
but in addition a lot of success that we are seeing with our home rollout, home broadband 
rollout, both combination of fiber, but more importantly fixed wireless and I'll speak a bit more 

 
 
 
 
4 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
about that. Consolidated operating revenues for the full year at ₹ 1,28,218 crore and EBITDA 
at ₹ 64,170, so roughly around 17 to 18% growth. For the quarter, the consolidated revenue 
was very close to ₹ 34,000 crore. The total subscriber base at 488.2 million, so that is a net 
addition of 6.1 million for the quarter. So the little bit of impact that we saw a couple of quarters 
ago when tariffs were raised, well and truly back, is behind us and we are now adding 
subscribers. We are seeing good traction on the ground and also seeing very good 
consumption trends on the ground.  
 
ARPUs at ₹ 206.2 so a little bit of flow through of the tariff increase and also some bit of more 
data consumption in this quarter. Data traffic on the network grew 20% year on year to 49 
exabytes in this quarter. So we continue to break all records for data consumption and this is 
not only Indian records but global records. The growing 5G subscriber mix as well as the 
home connects all adding to the data traffic growth. 
 
Also, we are seeing good traction with digital revenues as well, digital service revenues on 
the back of Cloud services which are now launched for enterprises. We have won some good 
competitive tenders for government clients and then a bunch of services around IoT that we 
provide and also the content bundling that we do for services provided to our home 
customers. So a whole lot of initiatives leading to this strong financial and operating 
performance and I will speak through some of those. 
 
Mobility, our lead, our success in the 5G deployment and now 5G consumption and 
customers' uptake of 5G is very clearly visible on the ground. This map from Ookla shows 
again we have pretty much pan India 5G coverage now. We cover most of our customers 
and we have been able to transition 191 million users to 5G, which is the largest base outside 
of China, and if you recollect the last quarter itself we had spoken about how we are now the 
world's largest data company in terms of overall data consumption and we continue to be 
that, ahead of companies from China as well, bigger than China Mobile. 5G traffic as a 
percentage of total traffic has been growing, so we are now at 45% of total wireless traffic is 
on 5G, and this continues to grow and data consumption is continuing to grow, and we are 
seeing the per capita consumption for consumers when on 5G network is significantly higher. 
 
So people are finding the usage to use more data, and we believe that is sticky kind of usage 
and that will give us the ability to monetize that more as we go forward. We have really not 
started monetizing 5G. So effectively, 45% of data that people today are consuming is being 
offered to them free of cost. They become eligible to use that data, but after that they are not 
really paying for it, but they are getting into the habit of consuming content, consuming data, 
but they are not paying for it but they are getting into the habit of consuming content, 
consuming data, consuming 5G services, and we believe that is a very big opportunity for us 

 
 
 
 
5 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
in the same way that LTE was a big opportunity for us in 2016. The fact that that differentiated 
LTE data capacity creation that we had done, which subsequently led to the revenue market 
share, finally it has to reflect at some point in time. We are seeing a similar trend now 
beginning to emerge here. And we see this as a massive opportunity as far as wireless 
services are concerned, and even home broadband services are concerned. And at these 
scales, where 191 million users, 45% of data traffic on the network, we are able to give 224 
mbps 5G download experience. The overall download experience across all the tests that we 
do and then external agencies do, they have all been very positive. The customer user 
experience has been extremely positive on the 5G network. Despite the growth in traffic, we 
have been holding up quite well. 
 
A case study, an example of that was the Mahakumbh, which I am sure all of you are familiar 
with. This was over 660 million devotees gathering within 40 square kilometers in 45 days. 
And the way our network held up, and we did put in a lot of effort to make sure that the 
network held up during those 45 days in the Mahakumbh. It was the densest data 
consumption, population conversion that anybody had ever seen globally. We were working 
with our vendors, with our partners, and they were tracking the data usage as well, and it was 
mind-boggling for all of them. Nobody anywhere in the globe had ever seen something like 
this. There were limited access zones, there were jammers put all across, but we still had to 
make sure that people were able to consume as much data that they wanted and they were 
online all the time. A big difference we saw here, the uplink traffic used to be quite high. So 
a lot of people were uploading videos and pictures and normally that is not the way you plan 
your network. You would expect downlink to be much more. And we had to therefore adjust 
some of this there on the ground, on the site. We were able to, with our spectrum that we 
have, but the government had given us some spectrum during that period to just provide 
services to the customers, we were able to test the elasticity of that network, really, in that 
small period or small space where we saw 2.2 million GB of data traffic, bulk of the usage of 
5G, so the whole area was enabled with 5G. We were giving download and upload speeds 
of 200 mbps plus, 141 million voice minutes. So this has kind of become a case study for 
network companies, telecom companies, service providers, vendors, everybody is looking at 
this as a case study where these kind of global records were set in a short period of time. 
And we learned a lot. 
 
To now sweat the assets on our network much more, the deployment that we have already 
done, plus with the spectrum that we have got, the network is fairly elastic. We can keep 
adding more customers with tweaks to the network, being able to track where the data 
consumption, or where the consumption is, where the users are. The elasticity of this network 
is fairly high. That gives us confidence that with the network that we have already created, 
we can serve hundreds of millions more customers on this network. We feel reasonably 

 
 
 
 
6 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
confident about that. The fixed wireless stack, now this is something that we have been 
deploying extensively on the ground, as you are aware about this. The recent TIA report said 
that we have 85% market share in this. 
 
In this particular product which has gone live in the market over the last few months, we have 
been deploying a fair bit of fixed wireless, both on our 5G spectrum but also on the UBR. We 
have developed or now deployed, not only developed, so it is in commercial use, the first 
point-to-point wireless solution for fixed wireless. So this is not point-to-point. In the way the 
network is configured, we can use single radiating equipment to serve multiple customers. 
We have been able to, through that, reduce the cost of deployment. So the cost that we incur 
to connect every new home is incrementally much lesser than what you would hear about 
companies elsewhere which are doing such a thing. The spectral efficiency is higher. And we 
have been able to create the full mapping of the country where our customers are. This is a 
very important functionality. So when we get a customer inquiry or a customer request to 
connect a customer, we know exactly which way, which technology to use, which site to 
radiate from for a particular customer. If the fiber is available, of course we connect the 
customer with fiber, but otherwise with our 5G spectrum, in some cases UBR, we know 
exactly, it is pretty 3 meter x 3 meter map, where we know exactly what kind of throughput 
different technologies will provide to customers. And that is very powerful on the ground when 
the implementation is going on, when the network engineers have to be on the ground 
connecting new homes and new premises. And all of this is being done completely end to 
end value chain is in our control, be it the devices, the technology, deployment, all of that has 
been done in-house. So we are not taking this technology or taking any equipment. Now, 
pretty much all the equipment is being manufactured, produced by ourselves within the 
ecosystem. They have been designed ourselves and they have been produced in India, all 
of this is made in India, and being done completely within the Jio ecosystem. As a result of 
which, we are feeling confident to be able to connect 100 million homes, which is a target 
that we have set for ourselves. 
 
In the last six months, we have had 90% of industry net ads, 5x higher than the next nearest 
competitor. So the chart on the right top that you see is the number of AirFiber subscribers, 
basically the fixed wireless subscribers. We call it AirFiber because unlike traditional definition 
of fixed wireless, in our case, we are giving completely synchronous uplink, downlink, and 
throughputs because of the way the network is configured, because of the spectrum that we 
are using. So when we say 1 Gbps at home for home broadband using either our 5G 
spectrum or the UBR, that is uplink and downlink of 1 Gbps. That is what we have enabled, 
which is reflecting in the ramp-up of AirFiber subscribers. In the recent months, we have also 
transitioned from the 5G spectrum to UBR. 
 

 
 
 
 
7 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
UBR is now commercially live, even in situations where we do not have direct line of sight 
which has been a bug challenge just about every operator globally. We are able to do without 
nano site connections as well by reflecting the radio from other surfaces. This is unique. This 
is proprietary and we have been doing this successfully and commercially, so it is all 
commercially deployed on the ground. The chart at the bottom is not supposed to be pacman, 
but we have good lead over the others in the industry. 
 
This is the other deployment which is now being done successfully, commercially on the 
ground, which is our private 5G instances for enterprise customers. As you can see, the 
network is the same, but we are able to create a dedicated slice for use cases for enterprises, 
for whatever the end use case may be, including for fixed wireless. We have a network slice 
that we use to provide that service. And then create a secure tunnel on our own private 5G 
core. As you know, we have spoken about this in the past that our 5G core, the whole network 
core, 4G and 5G core is completely deployed by us. It is our own proprietary core. And we 
are able to create private instance of that for our enterprise customers. And this has got many 
use cases. We already have deployed in some of the industrial situations, industrial premises, 
including in Jamnagar, and use cases around robotic automation, video surveillance, 
enhanced security. 
 
We are able to give ultra-reliable, low latency network. We are able to do network slicing to 
ensure consistent service delivery irrespective of the amount of load that the network may 
have at any point in time, and able to provide end-to-end managed services. With those few 
updates around stuff that we are doing on technology and the progress we have made over 
the last few months, especially on 5G and the home and home deployment, coming to the 
key operating matrices for the business, the subscriber base, as I said, has grown to 488.2 
million, so that was a net addition of 6.1 million during the quarter. ARPU went up to 206.2, 
and remember this is a shortened quarter, so in that sense the growth is a little bit more than 
that in percentage terms. The average data consumption continues to grow, 33.6 GB per 
user per month, and seeing a lot of traction in these seasons currently as well. 
 
Overall data and voice traffic grew by 19.5% and 3.8% year on year respectively. Coming to 
the revenue numbers, these are the RJIL quarterly financials, which grew to 30,018 crore in 
terms of revenues and 16,188 crore in EBITDA. That is close to 54% EBITDA margin for our 
connectivity business and the growth has been fairly steady and continuous. And the full year 
numbers for the connectivity business, RJIL, we ended the year at ₹ 1,14,000 crore of 
operating revenues and EBITDA of ₹ 61,233 crore, so both growing in the 14 to 16% range 
and again fairly steady and healthy growth delivered across the years over last several years. 
The consolidated financials for Jio Platforms Limited, the first three columns are quarterly 
and then the full year numbers on the right two columns. Full year fiscal 2025 revenue and 

 
 
 
 
8 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
EBITDA growth of 17%, consistent EBITDA margins of 50% and this is after a whole bunch 
of initiatives that are currently being taken to grow our digital services or other service 
offerings that we are going to provide to customers, we are maintaining our EBITDA margin 
at 50%. Q4 revenues at ₹ 33,986 crore consol revenues, which is again close to 18% year-
on-year growth, and EBITDA at ₹ 17,000 crore, and profit after tax growth of 26% to ₹ 7,023 
crore. This was for the quarter Q4. 
 
With that, I am going to hand over to Dinesh to give an update on the retail business. 
 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:21:19 – 00:37:20 (Reliance Retail) 
 
Hi, good evening, everyone. We will cover the business update on retail. 
 
So if you look at the performance highlights, we had a very strong quarter with 16% growth 
on a Y-o-Y basis. The revenue for full year was up 8% because the first half was slightly 
weak, but the second half, last quarter was good growth and even this quarter we have done 
very well. Overall EBITDA grew at 9% for the full year, for the quarter it was 14%. EBITDA 
margin from operations continues to expand; it was up 20 basis points on Y-o-Y basis. On 
the quick commerce side, we continued to expand our hyper local deliveries. The number of 
orders were up quarter-on-quarter 2.4 times. So that is a pretty significant scale-up that we 
have been able to do in the last quarter. 
 
Consumer brands business is the fastest growing FMCG business in India. We have 
achieved almost ₹ 11,450 crore of sales in the second year of operations. We also did the 
commercial launch of SHEIN with the vision of providing global fashion to every Indian at 
affordable prices. It is live across app, website, as well as we have a shop-in-shop on our Jio. 
More than 12,000 options are already available on the platform and we are scaling up the 
vendor ecosystem to have very quick launch, very quickly large number of options on the 
platform. We opened 2,659 stores during the year. We continue to expand stores across the 
portfolio. We are also pretty much done with the streamlining that we had started during the 
year. So our net addition is about 500 stores and we are pretty much more or less done with 
the streamlining now. 
 
All our operating metrics, whether it is number of transactions, the registered customers, 
everything continues to grow in double digits. So overall a pretty healthy quarter. If we look 
at the breakup, revenue was up 16% for the quarter on a Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA from 
operations was up 15%, total EBITDA was up 14% and profit after tax was up 30%. When 
you look at it on a full year basis, the revenue was up 8%, EBITDA from operations was up 

 
 
 
 
9 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
9%, and profit after tax was up 12%. So we have almost crossed 25,000 crore in EBITDA for 
the full year, and 12,400 crore of PAT. Moving on to business updates across each of the 
businesses.  
 
The consumer electronics business, we had pretty healthy mid-single-digit growth like for like 
growth. The average bill values continues to grow. The average bill values were up 26% on 
a Y-o-Y basis. Also we see our conversions improving substantially. There was a 200 basis 
points improvement in conversions. With the early onset of summers, we saw very strong 
growth in sales of ACs. Even this quarter, April, has been pretty warm, and there is a 
prediction of this being a pretty hot summer, so AC will continue to grow rapidly.  
 
Our rescue business, we had a 13% Y-o-Y on the growth in terms of the number of customers 
served. We also continue to expand the number of service centres we have, as well as we 
launched the on-demand warranty services last three quarters back, so that is again 
something we are expanding. We have now launched out on-demand warranty services to 
more than 300 cities.  
 
GMD, which is our B2B and B2C business in electronics, it had a very healthy growth of 76% 
on a Y-o-Y basis. We continued to expand our reach in terms of the merchant base, as well 
as expand the width of participation, right. So how many retailers are participating, how much 
they are buying from us, all those metrics are showing a pretty healthy upswing.  
 
Our own brands business, where we sell our own brands, not just in our stores, but even in 
the distribution channel, that business, again, continues to grow very steadily. The business 
was up 30% on a Y-o-Y basis. We are expanding the reach of the business. The merchant 
base was up 60% on a Y-o-Y basis.  
 
We launched several new products across multiple brands, multiple categories to plug the 
gaps, as well as new features. There are some products where we are bringing new features 
to the market. These are the first in the market. And compared with the price value 
proposition, they are finding very strong uptick with the consumers.  
 
On the fashion lifestyle side, while the first half was weak, the business has really turned 
around very well. We had positive LFLs during the quarter. The performance was quite 
steady, led by the wedding season and festivals. We have been working on repositioning 
some of our formats. So Trends, we did a large campaign, New Times, New Trends to really 
reposition the format within the younger audience, as well as the family audience. AZORTE, 
which is a Gen Z focused, tech enabled format, there we again did our targeted campaign 
with a couple of celebrities. 

 
 
 
 
10 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
So the effort is to establish these brands and have top of mind recall for the gen Z customers. 
In addition, we are upgrading our stores. So Trends 3.0, which we have talked about, which 
is an upgraded version of our Trends store, are more digitally enabled version. So that is 
something we are scaling up. We are renovating a lot of our stores to upgrade them to have 
the latest technology. And also support that with better in-store experience, not just in terms 
of technology, which is available, but in terms of number of options people see.  
 
So we have moved on with Project Impetus, which we have talked about in the past, where 
we are talking of a design-to-shelf cycle of 30 days. We are now doing weekly refreshes in 
the store, so every time a customer walks in, they get a certain percentage of options which 
are new. Also, we have kind of optimized the number of options which are available so the 
stores are less crowded and they look much more attractive. Now, as a result, our sales are 
going up while the inventory is going down. So that is a very good sign for the business. We 
have also spent a lot of effort on improving the design quotient of our products and our own 
brands. The contribution was up 900 basis points on a Y-o-Y basis. Specifically, some of our 
large and well-known brands, including NetPlay and Avaasa, they were the best performers 
during the quarter. 
 
Moving on to our online fashion businesses, Ajio delivered a very steady quarter. We continue 
to increase the average bill values, as well as add new customers. We added 1.9 million new 
customers during the quarter, which is in line with what we have been adding almost every 
quarter. The number of options available on the platform now is 2.4 million, up 44% on a Y-
o-Y. External brands are the ones which drive traffic onto the platform, so their share was up 
11% and our focus continues to bring more and more exclusive and external brands which 
are able to get the customer pull and drive traffic onto the platform. We have also launched 
same day and next day delivery across 26 cities. So we are increasing the speed at which 
we are able to deliver the products. One big benefit of that is the returns are directly correlated 
as your time to delivery goes down, returns goes down and we are seeing that very clearly in 
our data.  
 
The All-Star Sale, which is a flagship event for March. In March, most of the online platforms 
go on sale. This is the time where we acquire a lot of customers. We had a big event, and we 
added 6 lakh plus new customers during this campaign. We talked about the SHEIN launch, 
which we have done during the quarter as well.  
 
On the premium brand side, the focus is growing the omni channel presence, a lot of bridge 
to luxury brands customers do not necessarily always prefer to come to the store. They want 
to come to you. So there is a meaningful 8% contribution that is coming from out-of-store 

 
 
 
 
11 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
selling. So we are basically going to the customer's home or letting them order online, and 
then we are delivering to their homes. So that is seeing a very good acceptance amongst the 
customers, and this part is becoming quite meaningful. 
 
We launched another very interesting accessible luxury ready to wear women's brand, a 
French brand called Maje during the quarter. We have launched our first store in Jio World 
Drive.  
 
On Vision Express, which is our JV with EssilorLuxottica in the eyewear space, we've kind of 
re-pivoted the go-to-market strategy. We are launching global new concept stores, as well as 
renovating a lot of existing stores and the product offering in order to really scale up this 
business. There is a large market opportunity here.  
 
Ajio Luxe which is the largest platform for luxury and premium brands, we continue to add 
new brands and new options into the portfolio. The total count of brands now there is about 
800. The option was up 19% on a Y-o-Y basis.  
 
On the jewels business, we had steady growth led by increase in average bill values. As you 
are aware, the gold prices have increased substantially, which has had an impact on the 
average bill values, which are up almost 20% on Y-o-Y basis. Our differentiator has been 
launched targeted campaigns, which are collections which target specific occasions, design 
that offering. That continues to do well.  
 
We have developed a number of properties over the last several years, and some of those 
collections like Valentine’s Day, Hoop and Bali collections were very well received during the 
quarter.  
 
Grocery was the star performer during this quarter with the highest growth. The stores 
business continues to outperform with industry-leading performance. 
 
Some of the premium formats, including Freshpik and Gofresh, where we provide 
differentiated assortment and shopping experience, are finding very good acceptance. And 
in the affluent areas, we are launching more and more premium stores. The growth was quite 
broad based across categories. The general merchandise and value apparel have a 
meaningful contribution, especially in our big buck stores. And they are a big driver of margin. 
Also, there is strong demand for niche and premium products. These are the products which 
drive a lot of footfall into the stores, especially the younger customers, because these brands 
are not available anywhere else. We are able to take them to pan India, and it is a win-win 

 
 
 
 
12 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
for the brand, as well as for the customer and for us it drives a lot of traffic, especially the 
younger ones, into the stores.  
 
The B2B business metro continues to have steady growth, again, pretty broad-based growth 
across categories.  
 
One of the segments that we have identified within B2B is the HoReCa segment, where we 
are putting a lot of focus that segment had a 37% growth on a Y-o-Y basis.  
 
JioMart it has basically three services. There is an under-30-minute quick service. There is a 
scheduled delivery, where the assortment is much wider, and then there is subscription 
service, where you can subscribe and every day you get, depending on the frequency you 
choose, we deliver the goods at your home early morning. All three are picking up very well. 
The average daily orders were up 62% on a Y-o-Y basis. Specifically our under 30-minute 
offering, which has the widest network reach. We have almost 2,000 plus stores which are 
on the network, covering more than 4,000 plus pin codes. So this is much wider reach than 
any other quick commerce player. We have kind of re-pivoted our model completely to under 
30 minutes delivery.  
 
And we are seeing very strong traction with a 2.4X quarter and quarter growth in daily exit 
orders. And this number will scale up substantially in the coming year as well. We are also 
now starting to proactively market this proposition, our proposition of no hidden charges, 
quick delivery, and no delivery fees continues to resonate very well with the customers. We 
also launched the quick and scheduled tabs if you go to the JioMart app. There are two 
separate tabs. So that customer is very clear what is available under 30 minutes. So that 
assortment under 30 minutes if you want, there is that assortment which gets delivered from 
the nearest store that is what you see. If you choose scheduled delivery, you get a much 
wider assortment and you can get the delivery for those the next day they may come from a 
warehouse or from a 3P seller. So that proposition is very clear for the customer. The big 
advantage that we have in this segment is compared to other people who have to set up 
dedicated store infrastructure. For us, we are only leveraging the infrastructure that we 
already have. My fixed cost is already being taken care of by my store sales. This is all 
incremental sales and it is only incremental cost that I have to incur to deliver these orders. 
So we are doing this model in a profitable manner with a very strong unit economics.  
 
In addition to our 1P offerings, 3P seller base, in order to plug the gaps, we continue to add 
3P sellers onto the platform. The number of 3P sellers was up 22% on a Y-o-Y basis. Live 
selection was up 10% on a Y-o-Y basis. Similarly, our subscription service continues to see 

 
 
 
 
13 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
strong growth. We had a 27% growth Y-o-Y on daily orders and 37% growth in apps and web 
visits. 
 
Consumer brands, it is on a very, very exciting trajectory, the business is growing from 
strength to strength. We did almost ₹ 11,500 crore of turnover during the year. More than 
60% of that comes from general trade, so the brands are very, very widely distributed. If we 
look at some of our key brands, like Campa and Independence, they are all growing very 
rapidly. Campa has already gained double-digit market share in the key markets where we 
are available. We also continue to add to our portfolio by launching new products and 
acquiring new interesting brands. Some of the notable acquisitions we have done in the year 
include SIL, Velvet, which is a personal care brand, and Tags. We have also launched several 
new products. So with Campa, we have launched Campa Energy. And with Muttiah 
Muralitharan, we have launched a new sports drink called Spinner. Our distribution network 
is already quite wide, and it is expanding pretty rapidly as well. We are present across 1 
million plus retail outlets through a network of 3,200 plus distributors. 
 
In addition to tapping the Indian market, we have also started looking at exports to other 
markets, and we would basically start at that, and we would set up distribution in select 
markets to really distribute our products where they have the relevant appeal in a pretty big 
way. That is the update on the retail business. Now I will hand over to Kevin for the JioStar 
business. 
 
 
Sh Kevin Vaz 00:37:27 – 00:45:55 (JioStar) 
 
Thank you and good evening everyone. 
 
Our business at JioStar is barely five months old. So what I am going to do is I am going to 
share with you what we have been up to for the last five months. I hope each and every one 
of you all have downloaded the Jio Hotstar app and are enjoying it. 
 
Just to give you a perspective, this was coming together of two iconic brands, Viacom 18 and 
Disney Star. And on today's date, we have created India's largest media and entertainment 
platform. This platform is built on three business units. The digital entertainment business, 
the sports unit, and the TV broadcast. I will talk to each of them. If I look at the digital 
entertainment platform, within a short period of three months, we went and launched 
JioHotstar, the merger got completed on November 14th. On February 14th is when we went 
and launched JioHotstar. And we transferred a robust library of 320,000 hours of content onto 
the platform. 

 
 
 
 
14 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
In addition, we added 250 originals or exclusive titles, which is the highest among any of our 
contemporaries. And thirdly, and most important thing is this will be the only platform in the 
world that would have all the biggest American studios to be on a single plot platform where 
you have their movies and series coming on one single platform whether it is from Marvel to 
HBO whether it is Warner to Disney or it is Peacock to Paramount you will have all the content 
on a single platform. 
 
This platform of ours, when you look at the width of content that we have, actually appeals to 
the entire family across India. And more important, it is not about reaching out to families 
across India but within a family, we have content for each and every individual, whether it is 
where you have two iconic brands, Disney and Nickelodeon or for the youth kids, where you 
have two iconic brands, Disney and Nickelodeon or for the youth segment, where we have 
some of the biggest reality shows or nonfiction shows, whether it is Big Boss, whether it is 
Khatron Ke Khiladi, Coffee with Karan or Laughter Chef on a single platform. For the women 
of the household, we have got some of the most iconic brands whether it is Anupamaa or I 
am saying is if you look at it, it is Mangal Lakshmi okay? And then for the males, we have got 
a whole lot of sporting players.  
 
If I look at our sports portfolio across TV and digital, we have around about 24 sports 
channels. And in today's date, we are the home to the best marquee properties on cricket, 
whether it is ICC, whether it is IPL or BCCI, but also home to the biggest domestic leagues, 
the Pro Kabaddi League or the Indian Super League, and also high-end sports or premium 
sports, which is the Premier League and Wimbledon. Lastly, on the TV broadcast business, 
we have a very robust TV broadcast business with over 100 channels in 10 different 
languages actually reaching out to around about 358 million viewers every day. 
 
If I look at it between these businesses, we reach out on a monthly basis to over 800 million 
people every month. So I spoke a lot about, I am saying, is entertainment I spoke about sports 
but we at JioStar look at creating delightful experiences for our consumers. And I am saying 
on the 26th of Jan is when we started bringing up live experiences, where we started 
streaming live shows. Coldplay was one example, 100,000 people enjoyed Coldplay live at 
the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. What JioHotstar managed to do, is to take this 
to millions of fans, to their living rooms, and let them enjoy the same live experience in their 
living room across the country. Besides that I am saying is we have gone and done two big 
events on Mahashivratri and Ram Navami. And if you look at the numbers for each of these, 
we looked at 82 million views coming up for Ram Navami. We had Ram Navami, which was 
through multiple feeds so people could view the arti through multiple feeds not from a single 
location. At the same time, they could see something in Ayodhya, Chitrakoot or Panchwati. 

 
 
 
 
15 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
So now, I am saying all this content, what does it deliver for us? I spoke about the width of 
the content. These are the numbers, okay? Within a short period of three and a half months, 
on today's date, we have got 280 million paid subscribers. Actually, we put this in perspective. 
We are very close to I am saying is globally we are very close to Netflix, which gets this from 
across the world. We generate I am saying is we have 503 million I am saying is users who 
come to our platform on a monthly basis significant of any of our competition. 
 
And lastly, as Srikanth was mentioning, if I look during the India-New Zealand final for the 
Champions Trophy, we managed a concurrency, and when I say concurrency, it is people 
coming and watching at the same time, right? This is a world record where we have 61 million 
people watching a sport at the same time and that shows the strength of the platform. 
 
If I have to put it into perspective for you many of us might know of the Super Bowl in the US. 
Let me tell you, their peak concurrency could be one fourth of it. And I think this show that 
people in spite of having 61 million, we had a seamless, I am saying is viewership for each 
of these consumers that came on. On TV, we have got a 34% market share. And our content 
library of 320,000 hours of content is actually six times that of a Netflix or an Amazon. Just 
from an operational point of view, we launched, as I mentioned, we launched JioHotstar app 
with the best features from both the legacy apps. We seamlessly migrated 500 million-plus 
users and a massive content library within three months. In TV, we lead in seven out of the 
eight markets that we have across the country. And we are clearly focused to be present 
across a billion screens, whether it is TV, mobile or CTV in this country. On the back of IPL, 
many people talk about pay television dying in this country, et cetera. But remember, in this 
country, pay television is still in excess of 100 million and still growing. During the IPL, in the 
first ten days of the IPL, we grew by around 1.5 million I am saying households and we expect 
that to hit at least three to five by the end of it.  
 
Lastly, I am saying is that is how we are putting this to just translate it. What does all this 
mean into numbers? The biggest part was this merger was consummated in less than nine 
months a merger of this scale.  
 
Our revenue if I have to look at it for the period because it is a very short period I have taken 
from the time we launched is 9,497 crore with a EBITDA of 266 crore.  
 
We have had robust financial performance, keeping in mind, in spite of the weak 
macroeconomic situation that is there. We have had higher sports revenue led by ICC Trophy 
as well as IPL. And despite the headwinds, we have kept a very close eye on our costs and 

 
 
 
 
16 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
to ensure that we have profitability and have positive financials for this period. Thank you. 
That is all from my end. I shall now hand over to Sanjay. 
 
 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 00:46:03 – 00:52:19 (Oil & Gas) 
 
Good evening, everyone.  
 
Thanks Kevin.  
 
Alright, just to recap the performance for the year gone by. So this has been by far the 
strongest year in terms of performance from the oil and gas business. If you look at the year-
on-year consolidated EBITDA, it has been almost 1,000 crore higher than the previous year, 
which had at that time set the best performance.  
 
The EBITDA margins still remain very healthy at 84% largely driven by higher production, 4% 
production from KGD6, as well as stable prices. We did have the benefit of $10.16 a ceiling 
price in the second half of the year, as well as in CBM, we have completed the first campaign 
of the 40 multilateral wells that has augmented production. We now are seeing a turnaround 
in our CBM business. It had been declining for quite some time, but now progressively the 
production keeps increasing with the multilateral wells, which has been an innovation of sorts. 
It is the first time horizontal multilateral wells have been done in India and successfully 
deployed in the field. And we are getting significant upside in production.  
 
We were looking at about 4,000 standard cubic meters of gas production from the verticals, 
but we are seeing about 12,000 to 13,000 now. So that is really the benefit we are getting out 
of these multilateral wells. This is a recap of the last quarter, the quarter gone by. 
 
Again, the quarter was a little bit more muted as compared to the first three quarters only 
because production from KGD6. There was a little bit of natural decline on expected lines but 
more importantly, we had to undertake a lot of maintenance activities towards the end of the 
quarter. 
 
One of the things is we thought, let us complete these activities, particularly the FPSO had 
to take a planned shutdown for undertaking these maintenance activities, but now all the 
wells are back up on stream and we are back to ramping up the production to about 28 million 
standard cubic metres. Similarly, CBM, we have commenced the second campaign, so the 
production from those will also be seen as we go along.  
 

 
 
 
 
17 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Overall, if you look at the price realisations in KGD6, it has been slightly better year on year, 
quarter on quarter. And in CBM it has been slightly lower, again driven by the Brent prices 
but nevertheless, the positive aspect about CBM is that it does not have a price ceiling, so 
you get market link prices. So how does the global gas market look? I think, largely we have 
seen prices hover in the range of $10-14. There has been a push and pullover there in terms 
of supply and demand on one end, because of potentially weaker economies, we have seen 
the demand being a little tepid, but at the other end of the anvil you have Europe, where the 
inventory levels are much lower, so the refill is a focus area.  
 
India demand remains robust, I will talk about it in the next slide, but going forward also what 
we had expected is the LNG glut to come in, as you may be all aware, about 150 million 
tonnes per annum of LNG was expected to be brought online from end 2025 onwards and 
progressively over the next two to three years. So we expected there might be a strong 
pullback in prices, but seeing the delays, again the Biden administration to that extent about 
20 to 30 million tonnes per annum of projects were put on hold.  
 
And the other projects have faced regulatory delays, like in Corpus Christi and some of the 
major projects, also in Canada. So we feel that it may not be as exacerbated as we had 
anticipated. The projects may come online, but it should get the gas outlook being what it is. 
The demand, particularly in the developing nations would be such that it should be absorbed 
well enough in the next three to four years. So that is really the broad outlook. And so going 
forward, we think we should be on steady ground for gas prices. There will be some amount 
of volatility, but we feel from an Indian market standpoint, it should be all right.  
 
So just to give you a recap of the Indian gas market, it looks pretty strong. The demand has 
been up by almost 4%, largely driven by city gas distribution and some of the petchem 
expansions. And again, it is the city gas distribution both in terms of expansion and 
penetration. 
 
So that is largely contributed out of the eight MMSCMD, nearly four MMSCMD has been 
driven by CGD. We are also observing a trend that the LNG markets, the long-term contracts 
are being pursued rather than short-term. And so essentially gas for the longer term, the 
demand looks pretty strong and vibrant in India. The ceiling price also, as you may be all 
aware is now being revised to $10.04 cents. And we are contracted for the volume, so we 
are all right there. Thank you and I will invite Srikanth. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 00:52:31 – 01:14:19 (Oil to Chemicals, New Energy and Summary) 
 

 
 
 
 
18 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So starting with the financials, EBITDA lower by 12%. You will see in the slides, but anything 
from 36-41% fall in transportation fuel and between 2 and 13% when you look at polymer and 
polyester clearly led by Chinese capacity, slowdown in demand.  
 
To a great extent, there was some offsets coming because of the fact that India demand was 
good, 7.5% for gasoline, ATF was about 9%, both polymer and polyester demand up 5%. We 
placed a lot through Jio-bp and in the subsequent slide I will talk to you about how impactful 
it was overall.  
 
We also benefited from operational excellence. This was the highest throughput that we have 
done in this refinery. And then, of course, the continuing benefit from cost optimization, 
ethane cracking economics worked well. And this is the slide. This tells the full story on 
gasoline, gas oil, and ATF.  
 
When you look at year-on-year change and you look at where it was vis-à-vis five years, 
anywhere between 25-27% lower in the case of gas oil, gasoline, and ATFs about 13%. 
 
The reasons are known in terms of demand and both China, EU, multiple places, driving 
season was slow in the US. Similarly when you look at on the downstream petrochemical 
side, naphtha was up 4% but ethane prices were lower by 9% so that benefited us because 
the deltas were squeezed when you compare it to naphtha, but to the extent we had lighter 
feed cracking it helped. But the numbers on PE, PPP, PVC, tell you the story of what a 15, 
20 year low means in terms of this environment. So it has been a more difficult one.  
 
Again, capacity additions primarily the big driver and then of course demand also being soft. 
So this is what I was saying in terms of what helped mitigate this otherwise difficult margin 
environment, whereas volume growth in Jio-bp you can see 35% higher when you look at 
MS and HSD. ATF up about 62%. Of course, e-mobility is small, but you can see the jump in 
percentages there. And even if you look at our market share now in motor spirits about 3.3, 
in gas oil about 5.2. And importantly, the effectiveness that you see, the market effectiveness 
you can see the score. Per retail outlet, you can see that the effectiveness of each of these 
pumps is very strong. So it is 1.6, it is 2.6 actually in the case of HSD. And this is something 
that we would continue to expand in the coming year or more. It is 1,916. There is no reason 
why it has to be this level. It can be much higher than that. This is the throughput I talked to 
you about, highest ever at 80.5. 
 
Overall, all the products, so this 2.5% benefit did help mitigate this margin environment. 
Overall, you look at the throughputs were absolutely maximized in platformers and FCC. The 
aromatic production that optimization always happens that we continue to do focused on high 

 
 
 
 
19 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
octane exports, because from the value point of view and continuing benefit from gasification 
helped the overall performance. And this is just the numbers for the quarter. Again, story not 
very different in terms of margins being weak, but there were some offsets while fuel was 
down between 27 and 55% and the whole polyester chain was down. You did see some 
offsets in the form of polypropylene slightly higher by 4%.  
 
PVC helped at about 13% and then the whole PBR, SBR about 10 to 15%. So also, as I 
mentioned, the whole focus obviously was also on processing the right value of crudes, trying 
to derive advantage from the value adds coming from crude processing, domestic 
placements continued as a point, some small lift from sulphur prices which really went through 
the roof and some benefit of exchange rate when you look at it from a rupee earnings point 
of view.  
 
This I will not spend too much time. You know the broader environment. Brent did come off 
on a year-on-year basis on concerns on tariff, etc. Of course, on a quarter-on-quarter basis 
the story on ethane was higher because it was up 42% overall versus last year. Having said 
that, still the cracking economics were pretty favorable and both the refining operating rates 
and the cracker operating rates were fairly stable.  
 
When you look at the demand environment, it rose by about 1.2, geographically if you see, it 
is in Asia, about 0.4, and OECD America is another 0.4. When you look at it from a product 
standpoint, gasoline was about 0.4 million barrels per day growth, and balance in diesel. 
Again you can see the stock fall in the delta's $6 cracks versus 13.3.  
 
And China, clear reason with the increasing EV penetration also led to some extent by 
inventory levels were pretty high. The fact that India gasoline demand helped upgrowing 6%. 
So we continue to focus, as I said, on domestic placement and pushing more volumes here. 
And we think near term cracks could find some support.  
 
Gas oil again cracks you can see a significant fall, $14 versus 23.1. Again more led by 
inventories that we saw in Singapore and more exports from the Middle East demand, 
actually if you see it vis-a-vis other products. India demand was up only about 1.1%. Again 
the actions were broadly similar in terms of focusing on the domestic market and again some 
of the supply disruption kind of concerns can keep the cracks at least stable here.  
 
And ATF fell in line actually you can say with what we saw in gas oil. Demand for ATF has 
been good in India and you saw the volume growth in Jio-BP pretty stronger. And we are 
expecting that these margins stay. 
 

 
 
 
 
20 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
And quick ones on each of the individual products with P, this decreased by 10%. Domestic 
demand has been good. Again, we are trying always to see how much can we maximize light 
fuel cracking here. And the drivers for domestic demand still remains good and we do expect 
that to stay. 
 
On PPE, again, delta is slightly up 4%, demand continuing to do well and again, it is a story 
of domestic placement. Actually this whole focus on domestic also plays into the same point 
that I said. Otherwise if you did not have a domestic exposure like this, I think in this 
environment it could have been pretty difficult.  
 
And finally on PVC side that improved because of EDC prices being low and so we saw a lot 
of lift there in terms of year-on-year delta increase. Demand continues to be fairly good in as 
far as agri and infra is concerned. And do not expect too much of surprises there from a 
domestic demand point of view.  
 
And finally, on the polyester chain, that is a big chain for us and it was down 15%, mainly due 
to decline in PX prices and the downstream polyester prices, margins did go up but in the 
context of what happened in PX, overall the numbers were still lower and we continue to 
optimize PX versus gasoline. And overall again, when you look at polyester demand, if you 
recall we used to always track this high cotton versus PSF. That differential remains 
attractive, so demand should hold there. 
 
These are projects that we had talked about, but just putting it there in terms of 1 million tonne 
expansion for polyester. And the difference is that it is focused on the high growth consumer 
and downstream market. And if you see this specifics on active wear, athleisure, hygiene 
denim. So these are products which can also command a higher premium. So that's where 
the focus is and then it is integrated with backward integration with three million tonne PTA 
facility that is also planned.  
 
So in essence, and all these factories will be state of the art and it is got, you know, ensuring 
that the infrastructure is pretty good from an overall cost effectiveness and efficiency on 
capex. So projects are there. So we are thinking about this project and of course the next 
one on PVC also to see the benefit of all this coming in 2027-2028 in terms of its contribution 
to the EBITDA. And this is the PVC one. This is a more integrated one with caustic chlorine 
and EDC, both in Dahej and then VCM and PVC in Nagothane and then CPVC in Dahej. 
 
Again, this as you know is a product where India is significantly short even as we talk. It is a 
2 to 2.5 million tonne shortage and we think that possibly it is the right time to be investing 

 
 
 
 
21 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
here. And these are the basic updates on the vinyl chain and you can see some of the pictures 
that we have on the visuals on the land that is acquired near Dahej.  
 
Construction is commissioned 2026-2027 but financial is coming in 2027-2028. So overall 
the focus was always on maximizing margin capture, focus on crude procurement, on getting 
more and more ethane, focusing on the domestic retail sector, as well as industrial sectors. 
We are trying to do a lot of things on freight cost through term charter vessels because one 
aspect is that the deltas are weak, but what can we do differently in terms of ensuring that 
we are able to negate, if not fully, but yes, you can squeeze out efficiency. So these are things 
that we are focusing on. 
 
Larger parcels by converting crude tankers to product services focus on recycled PET which 
we have been talking about and of course both the polyester and the PVC expansion should 
give us volume lift in 2027-2028 earnings. So, not a very detailed  
 
update, but just to give you some of them in terms of the 10 gigawatt per annum capacity that 
we have for solar and importantly, it is designed in such a way that it is quick, we can quickly 
jump it up to 20 gigawatts, so that is an important point there. We are also focused on 30 
gigawatts of battery manufacturing. So this is essentially cells to pack, and then you integrate 
it into a BSS system but that is the whole aspect there.  
 
Again, when I talk solar, I just want to remind everybody that it is polysilicon to ingot to wafer 
to cell to panel and then of course glass and as well as POE polyolefin elastomer. So when 
we say it is integrated, we are absolutely integrated from end to end there. So here if you see 
where we are, we have commissioned the first gigawatt scale solar module started. So we 
started, it is BIS certified already and I would say, the largest from a size point of view at 720 
watt peak. It is possibly the largest panel that we have. So that is already commissioned. And 
overall, when you see in each of these, on the entire solar chain, the engineering is complete, 
the long lead items and procurements are complete and construction is going on in full swing. 
So I just wanted you to know and this is just one part of what is coming up. And the other one 
is battery also will come in. We have talked a lot about renewable electricity generation, if 
you were to see. 
 
And you know what the access to the land in the Kutch region. 
 
And the land, it is arid land and importantly, the solar radiation is pretty good there. So that 
can fundamentally support almost 150 billion units of electricity. So it is a very large one. And 
as these panels start getting ramped up, the idea is to lift and shift them as and when those 
that area is ready for it to. So all of them are going on. There again, we have international 

 
 
 
 
22 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
firms as well as local contractors to obviously level the land and so on so. Work has already 
started and dedicated transmission line again from Jamnagar here. So a lot of things are 
happening essentially in parallel in such a way that this whole thing comes together. In Kandla 
we have 2,000 acres of land that we have got. And that is where the green hydrogen 
ecosystem can come in. And before that, electrolyzer, if you recall, with Nel we are in the 
process of that electrolyzer manufacturing also, work is going on. So what is unique, I think, 
about bringing it is there has been no end-to-end like this. We have not seen, at least in our 
mind, we have not seen anybody who is doing end-to-end like this. I mean, when you start 
with solar and battery and both of them integrate well for renewable energy. So, this kind of 
integration, and therefore if you were to say hydrogen, where are you going to get the green 
energy from? That integration is very interesting. And importantly what was plans, we used 
to talk about doing it. 
 
Now with the commencement of solar production and I will show you some pictures, I think I 
have them, you can see that. And these factories are huge. I mean, it is built on 5,000 acres 
so you can imagine that. I guess at some stage, we will all get the opportunity to go and see 
it. But I am just saying that a lot of work has happened, and the uniqueness comes from 
integration. The uniqueness comes from the fact that it is scaled. The fact that the factories 
are absolutely state of the art. So what it means for us is if there is cost efficiency, there is 
technology efficiency, so when we say what is the cost of producing the final product, there 
is significant confidence that this is way more attractive than what it would be for anybody to 
import anything into this country. So we are pretty more confident about where those numbers 
are. So it also means that sooner rather than later we may see that the need for us to leverage 
on the modular aspect of saying if it is 10 we can take it to 20. So we have now the confidence. 
And this is just one aspect of it. Then of course the CBG plans that are there. 
 
Just a quick one on the photographs in terms of where we are. I talked to you about the 
commissioning of a gigawatt line with the largest module size of 720. I do not know whether 
you have seen the sizes of other ones, but by far in our minds I think it is the largest, but yes. 
You can see the commissioning, the electro-luminescence inspection, the packaging which 
is all automated, the edge trimming, the junction box mounting, back support bar placement, 
the automated guided vehicle. So that you may recall our adverb investment. So these AGVs 
are from them. This is this part of the integration, but it also ties in well with the battery 
manufacturing facility. So it is a very state-of-art manufacturing shop that we have there. It is 
all on HJT, efficiency is much higher, and people ask about it and you will see that the 
numbers are pretty good there, so I am happy there. 
 
And overall on CBG, we have 10 plants operational we want to scale it up quickly to 55. It 
has been proved well. Cumulatively it is 200 tonnes per day of production and once you take 

 
 
 
 
23 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
it to 55 it starts becoming meaningful. And overall these are the plants in which it is there. 
And we signed recently with MOU with Andhra, so that gives you access to significant amount 
of land and use of specialized grass for creating the CBG. So yes, just to summarize, if you 
see the context, I think the performance context of the world and context of the environment, 
it is strong. And also we benefited from the fact that India held well, demand was good, and 
of course our assets and our operations have kept us in a very good place. Jio has been the 
star performer at something like 18% growth. That is pretty impressive. Overall, it is beyond 
doubt leadership in the network, the number of customers, 5G customers, ARPU. I mean, 
you see any operational metrics, it has done pretty well. And we have growth drivers from 
mobility. We have it from enterprises, from home. On the retail, we kept flagging that, yes we 
are going through this process of streamlining our operations. We went through the pain of 
three quarters, but starting last quarter and again this quarter, I think the buoyancy is good 
and we remain very confident about how those numbers will pan out in the coming quarters 
and year. 
 
And the brands which we talked about, that I think it is a very good story if you see in what 
time frames you have achieved the kind of numbers. And I think there is huge value to be 
created in that branch. Overall, again on refining and petrochemicals, as I said doing our very 
best by focusing on all the operational part but I think broadly, slowly, the refining outlook is 
getting more stable. The additions to refinery capacities are kind of hopefully slowing down. 
And our new bouquet of new businesses like media and new energy and AI-ready data 
centers give you a lot of lift to potentially where are the new sources of earnings. With this, I 
am bringing the presentation to an end. 
 
 
Q&A SESSION 01:14:47 – 01:55:02 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
First, thank you for the presentation. Maybe I will have two questions for Anshuman and one 
for Kevin. Anshuman like Jio's had a phenomenal 5G ramp-up but why do you think, despite 
this phenomenal performance in 5G, the market share gains have sort of come off? And also, 
Jio led the tariff hike. And despite this quarter's ARPU actually coming ahead of expectation, 
why do you think the ARPU is still 15% lower than the number two operator? That is the first 
question. 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
Look we have had very good success with our 5G deployment and the proof of the pudding 
is in the data consumption trends, where we continue to expand the gap between us and the 
other operators. The fixed wireless numbers you have seen the TRAI data coming. Why the 

 
 
 
 
24 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
tariff increase? I think I would urge all of you to look at the way ARPUs are getting computed. 
So this 15% ARPU gap, when you say, if you just break that up into the reporting basis, so 
look at the denominator in our case, which is the overall subscriber base, the TRAI reported 
subscriber base and look at the denominator in the case of the nearest rival, which is not that 
base, which is a different base. So you are no longer comparing like to like. We come across 
inter-segmental kind of adjustments, and those are massive numbers. So it is really, again, 
once again not comparable, because you are not looking at what is coming out of mobility 
revenue versus a whole bunch of enterprise revenues getting intermingled and those 
numbers could be of the order of 11 to ₹ 1200 crore every month or quarter. So we are not 
comparing like to like. Our assessment tells us that on the smartphone side, where our tariffs 
tend to be 7-10% lower, we still have ARPUs which are slightly higher. If you do a strict like 
to like comparison. I will let you people do it and give this task to you because normally we 
have all the tasks and next quarter when we meet we will get into actually doing the numbers, 
but our assessment is we are slightly higher or a little bit higher, despite the fact that our 
tariffs are lesser. And therefore, the flow-through of impact or any of that, I think we are fairly 
confident that we are doing quite well. Our customers are using a lot of data. The higher 
ARPU, despite our tariff plans being lesser, kind of indicate our customers are picking up the 
higher plans and their premiums are more. The other bit around why the market shares have 
not increased, they are increasing. They are increasing when you look at data consumption. 
They are increasing when you look at actual customer traction on the network. And look 
again, I will take you back to 2016. Finally, when the network can provide better service, 
better quality of service, can carry more load that will translate into more customers coming 
and enjoying superior services, and we do expect that to happen. The fact that we have 
deployed 5G capacity, which is significantly ahead of the competitors, we believe the capacity 
market share will translate into data consumption market share, which is something that is 
already happening and which will then translate into customer market share and revenue 
market share, which also we are seeing already beginning to happen and will only pick up as 
the time goes by. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
So you had an excellent acceleration in 5G FWA but that is still under 6 million while fiber 
homes are 18 and you are reiterating your 100 million home target. Is that banking on 5G 
FWA acceleration? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
So that is going to be a combination of what we are doing on AirFiber, which is where we 
have seen a lot of good success in deployment now. The numbers have been ramping up. 
And the fact that we have been able to do that very successfully using both our 5G spectrum 
as well as the UBR radio gives us the confidence that the last mile challenges that we have 
faced in the past while connecting customers, and we have faced quite a bit of challenges in 
the last mile, which was kind of expected. It is not only a function of cost, but a function of 
time really that we will be able to overcome by doing this wirelessly. And which is why we feel 
reasonably confident. Demand is there. Almost half of our FWA connections are coming from 
tier three, tier four cities and rural areas, so demand is fairly wide and prevalent. So if we are 

 
 
 
 
25 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
able to provide the service, we feel reasonably confident demand will be there and more than 
100 million homes definitely need that service today, many more than that. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
So does the 100 million have a time frame? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
I am not going to give you forward looking, but yes it is. It is a plan. So it is a plan, so it will 
have a timeframe internally. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
Thank you. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
From my side first on the balance sheet side, RJIL your spectrum has been significantly 
deployed now from the accounting perspective while it is not showing up in amortization. Did 
it happen somewhere in between during this quarter? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
We have capitalized it during this quarter so most of the 5G equipment has been capitalized 
towards the end of the quarter, so it would show up next quarter. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
And the same accounting rule applies, right, as the capacity utilization goes up? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
That is right, somewhat similar. So we are sitting with auditors. We have figured out, given 
them the plans and on that basis we will be doing, like we did for LTE. So over a period of 
time, it will get fully amortized. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
Second, this year we did a capex of ₹ 41,000 crore but that will include the creditor payout 
as well? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
That is right. 
 

 
 
 
 
26 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
So what was the underlying capex for this year and how do you see the capex going because 
we are largely done with the 4G-5G capex, so how should we see the trajectory in the capex 
as a percentage of revenue? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
So look most of the capex around the 5G network has been done. We have deployed 5G 
now pretty much across the country. Coverage is fairly deep. There will still be some infills. 
There will still be some areas where we will deploy 5G, but that is not going to be very 
significant. The network side capex that we needed to do for our fixed wireless as well is done 
mostly, but there will be a little bit of that capex. But we are through the big capex phase for 
5G deployment across the country. Now, really the expansion which is happening when we 
are connecting homes, the network side is done a fair bit, some bit remaining, but other than 
that, when we are connecting a premise, effectively the customer is paying for the devices. 
So the capex for Jio at least this phase of capex is mostly done now. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
So what should we look at capex going forward next year? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
So I told you, there is not 5G to spend too much money on. We will still have to spend some 
money on 5G. And then there is going to be the routine maintenance and a little bit of infill. I 
will not give you a number, but the bulk of the capex is done. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
So 15-16% is something which is achievable as we know? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
You will keep trying. I will keep rejecting. 
 
Manish Adukia 
 
Thanks for hosting this, Anshuman. So firstly, on the non Jio Infocomm revenues, which is 
now approaching close to $2 billion, growing close to 40% year over year, what are like the 
subparts of that business that are doing really well for you. And when you think about, let us 
say within that piece of the business, the $2 billion, how much of that now would be, let us 
say external customers versus internal group parties? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 

 
 
 
 
27 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So on the first part we have a few services which have grown quite well. Cloud has grown 
quite well for us, enterprise cloud, as well as the cloud services, some of the government 
departments. Miraj project we have spoken about in the past as well that is scaling up. So 
Cloud is something that is doing very well. We have also launched a consumer cloud offering. 
And that again, the uptick has been quite good. We are not charging for it today, but there 
we are seeing good traction. The additional services that we provide to our consumers, both 
on mobility and home content for example or some security solutions, those are picking up 
well once again. And then, enterprise as a part of the overall group is beginning to grow. And 
enterprise is often a combination of two or three services. It is never pure connectivity. We 
are able to bundle in more things. So which again, as the enterprise part of our business 
grows, you will see more of JPL, digital services revenues also coming in there because that 
is  normally not pure connectivity. 
 
Manish Adukia 
 
Can you clarify what is that enterprise services? Like what is included in enterprise services? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
It could be something else basic as some Cloud facility, the Microsoft Azure stack that we 
provide to our enterprise customers. It could be security solutions it could be IoT based 
solutions. So it could be a combination of things that we take to enterprises beyond just 
connectivity. 
 
Manish Adukia 
 
And just last question on this one, I mean, growth momentum obviously is like two times of 
your connectivity business here? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
That is right. It is of a smaller base. 
 
Manish Adukia 
 
But from a growth perspective, this should continue to be a meaningfully faster growing piece 
than the connectivity piece is that safe to assume? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
It should, the market opportunity is there. We are very focused on it. And it is coming off a 
smaller base, so percentage growth will look good. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 

 
 
 
 
28 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So I have got three questions on the energy side. First is, in terms of your O2C performance 
how much could have been contributed by Jio-bp alone during this quarter? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
₹ 2,500 crore was the EBITDA for the year. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
For the year for Jio-bp as a whole? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
Yes. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
Right Sir and second question is on your polyester expansion that you have mentioned. So 
this is a new announcement, right? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
We said ₹ 75,000 crore we will spend when AGM speech this covered O2C projects, so this 
is part of it. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
FY2027 is the commissioning of the plant or commissioning of the project? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
No, I said 2027-2028 you will see the benefit of the expansion in terms of earnings, etc. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
Right and it will be a full impact itself or there could be ramp-up then also? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
It is too early to say that, but yes, we are determined to obviously get it done and try and see 
whether it is a full year impact, but we will see. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
4 
And last question is on new energy. You mentioned that the solar factory is like 10 gigawatt. 
So you have commissioned a gigawatt line. So that is like close to 10 gigawatt? 

 
 
 
 
29 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
No, no it is a part of the line. When you say gigawatt, it is 1 gigawatt or 1.2, that kind that is 
how it comes. You roll out your production in phases like that. I mean, you do not start a full 
10 gigawatt line. So you will do it as 1 or 1.25. That is the way you scale it in. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
And you will be using the modules internally to build generation capacity in Kutch? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
That is correct. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
You have already acquired land there, and you are setting up transmission towers right now? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
Yes absolutely. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
And solar generation is expected by what time? Solar power generation? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
So if you think about overall generation wise again, it is fair to say 2027-2028, that is the kind 
of time frame by which anything meaningful will happen. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
And then it will be used captively? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
Yes correct. 
 
Sabri Hazarika 
 
Thank you so much. 
 
Probal Sen 
 

 
 
 
 
30 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Hi Sir good evening Prabal here. Just a couple of questions again on oil and gas. Coming 
back to the Jio-bp mobility. The presentation mentioned about 1,900 outlets already 
operational so given the performance and the trends that we see in retail margins as of now 
are there any plans to aggressively expand that network to grab market share? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
That is right, yes we have. Not mentioning the numbers, but obviously this kind of 
performance also means that it makes sense for us to invest and we will expand that network. 
 
Probal Sen 
 
Right and the second question was on the upstream part of it, where you mentioned that 
there is some decline that has been seen in terms of production. Obviously these are all 
marginal fields that you have developed. So what kind of trend can we expect for the next 
couple of years? And the second part I had was that is it at a stage where the government 
share of profit petroleum is now slightly higher, and that also impacts the earnings for that 
part of the business? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
Sanjay your area, you want to talk. He is trying very hard to arrest this pace of decline. 
 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 
 
So the fact is there is going to be a natural decline. Now, two things that we have observed 
is the performance is slightly better than expectations and we have also identified some 
upsides and we are working on those upsides and we are looking at doing some work over 
jobs also to augment the production sometime next year. Also, we have identified a few 
additional wells in the fields where we feel the reservoirs are not getting depleted. So those 
are things that we are trying to bring on stream. So yes, there will be a natural decline, but 
we are trying to offset that and augment it with some of the activities that we expect to start 
from the middle of next year. What was the second part of the question? 
 
Probal Sen 
 
I was saying that the government share of profit petroleum has the investment multiple 
reached a stage where their share starts to really go up substantially over the next couple of 
years? 
 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 
 
Not as yet. I mean, it is still in a good place. So again, it all depends on the price realizations. 
Obviously, we believe the production is good. But it is natural to expect when you are getting 
more value, the share of profit petroleum may shift. But again, as of now, we do not see that 
shifting in the immediate term. 

 
 
 
 
31 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
Probal Sen 
 
One last question, if I may, again on the expansion projects in the downstream that you 
mentioned. It is obviously part of the ₹ 75,000 crore. Is it possible to share the capex for the 
specific expansions on PX and PTA, roughly? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
Not now, but yes, it is well below ₹ 75,000. Overall, maybe in the ₹ 60 to 65,000. But still, we 
are just putting that together. 
 
Probal Sen 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
Kunal Vora 
 
A question for Anshuman. Anshuman any thoughts on telecom tariff hot topic you had like 
once in two years, once in one-and-a-half years now. Is it possible like to share and would 
you say annual tariff hike is a possibility now? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
No that is too speculative to talk about really. No guidance. Look, we will have to continue to 
see how the market grows. For us, priorities are market growth. Priority is at this point in time 
more 5G user base and traction. So that is not a thought currently crossing our minds for 
sure. 
 
Kunal Vora 
 
Okay and another hot topic, any comment on IPO? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
What comment? Someday we will come and tell you now we are going to launch an IPO 
process. Before that, there is no comment. 
 
Kunal Vora 
 
Like one on retail, so quick commerce any plans for 10 minute delivery, dark stores? How 
are you thinking about that? And are you seeing any impact of quick commerce in the metro 
cities? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 

 
 
 
 
32 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So Dinesh spoke about that, but maybe you can summarize it again. 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 
 
See, two parts to it. We are looking at a sub 30 minute delivery right? So we are using our 
store network, delivering within a three kilometer radius. So most of our areas, most of the 
pin codes get covered. We have 4,000 pin codes where we are able to cover within that. 
There are some dark pockets where we will set up dark stores also, wherever there is a 
genuine requirement, there is enough volume and we cannot service it within 30 minutes, we 
may set up some dark stores as well. So that is on the quick commerce side of it. Our stores, 
purely on a standalone basis, are seeing double digits like for like growths for last several 
quarters. So stores are also growing pretty rapidly. We are not seeing that impact either in 
metro or in any other city. 
 
Even metro cities, our stores continue to grow in a pretty healthy manner. 
 
Kunal Vora 
 
And lastly, if you can, let us say, talk about like overall capex for the company as a whole? 
Should we see a decline or how should we look at FY2026 capex? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
We have been holding the capex pretty well, I thought. At least the big parts of somebody 
was asking on Jio. I mean, it is pretty obvious now that that part of the capex growth, the big 
ones have happened and now on it is going to be much smaller, some percentage of revenue 
you were asking of it. I would like to believe it will go down, obviously. The other capexes on 
O2C which we talked about or known capexes which are part of the plan. New energy is also 
give or take, we talked about ₹ 75,000 crores for setting up of the whole giga factory and 
between a combination of what we have spent and we have already committed, I think fair to 
say that the entire ₹ 75,000 we are already in. The bigger ones will start coming in when you 
start generating electricity, because then you are really taking the panels and generating. But 
that is going into later further down. So overall capex looks in that sense within these 
boundaries that I talked to you about. 
 
Nikhil Bhandari 
 
Okay thank you for the opportunity for questions. We are just starting with the new energy 
part of the business. Can we talk about the next set of the timelines? When do we expect to 
hit 10 gigawatt module cell, polysilicon, and also where are we on the battery manufacturing? 
We talked about the 30 gigawatt module, cell, polysilicon, and also where are we on the 
battery manufacturing? We talked about the 30 gigawatt hour battery manufacturing capacity. 
Where are we and what is the more realistic timeline we should think about for the ramp-up? 
And if you can also talk a little bit about the battery technology we are pursuing here. 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 

 
 
 
 
33 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
I am going to ask Kiran to answer this. I have all my colleagues from refining and pet chem, 
so very happy for Srinivas or Sridhar to answer some of these questions but specifically, 
Kiran, why do not you take the floor? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
First question was on the timelines on the solar manufacturing, right? As Srikanth sir 
mentioned, we are very well progressing. The entire engineering has been done for the entire 
value chain, whether it is polysilicon, cell module, glass and POE. The equipment orders 
have been placed and the construction is going on. I think we have defined that by end of 
2025, early 2026, all these factories will get commissioned and will start producing and we 
are well on our way to achieve that. The second question was on battery technology. It is 
lithium ion phosphate. It is a large format prismatic cells, which is for storage requirements, 
utility scale storage requirements. Again, very well progressing on that, the construction has 
already started. So in 2026, you will start seeing, starting with packs and then going to the 
cells, the manufacturing. Again, it is a full entire value chain, including battery materials that 
we are doing. 
 
Nikhil Bhandari 
 
Thanks Kiran can you clarify, so the first batch will be the packing of the cells and then the 
cell assembly will happen roughly by what timeline? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
So everything is progressing together. So it is just probably a matter of a quarter to two 
quarters. By the time you will start seeing container, pack, and then cell in that sequence, 
effectively. 
 
Nikhil Bhandari 
 
Great. So that was in the new energy. If I can also ask a question on refining. So just more 
in terms of the environment of the crude discounting and the crude environment over the past 
year versus what we expect in FY2026, the reason I am asking is, of course, we had an 
environment of high Russian crude discounts in the past couple of years, which appears to 
be narrowing but at the same time, OPEC is releasing more barrels in the market. So net-
net, the crude discounting environment, do we expect to improve in FY2026 versus 2025 or 
rather stay flat or a little more tougher? Thank you. 
 
Sh Sreedhar Rudraraju 
 
See, when compared to two years back, we have seen correction to crude discounts. Crude 
premiums have gone up because as more and more new markets got diversified, so that 
situation got corrected to a large extent. Being a complex refiner, we continue to enjoy decent 
crude discounts when compared to the peer group. In general, AG premiums have slightly 

 
 
 
 
34 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
corrected with the ongoing easing out in terms of crude production because non-OPEC crude 
production is coming up in a significant way. If you see, we are seeing significant growth in 
non-OPEC production from last year to this year. So that will put pressure on the AG crude 
premiums going down, which will help the Asian refiners. 
 
Nikhil Bhandari 
 
If I may, just last question. On chemical, we earlier talked about increasing our ethane 
sourcing mix. Where are we in terms of our feedstock mix right now, ethane, propane, and 
naphtha and how does that mix change, and the timeline of implementing of the ethane mix 
and how does that change in the next one or two years? 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 
 
So ethane mix is actually linked to our expansion projects on vinyls. We have already ordered 
three new ships with the shipyards and they are likely to start getting delivered sometime in 
2026 second half. That is the timeline and then they are phased out over a period of time. 
And as I said, they are primarily meant that extra ethane is meant for the expansion project 
of the vinyls. Does that answer your question? 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
On this PVC thing that we are putting up the project, this was actually supposed to be put in 
ADNOC, right? That has been changed now to Dahej? 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 
 
Yes. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
That is the same one, right? 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 
 
It is the same one. We shifted the whole project within India itself. So this will be at $2 dollar, 
the sum remains same. We have added a couple of things we have added a CPVC element 
also into it. We have added a RelWood element also into it, so it is become a wider project 
than what it was. Of course the cost numbers also change because the cost factors in Abu 
Dhabi were very different from what they are in India and the size of project has also actually 
gone up. So we were talking about a million tonnes of PVC there, we are now talking more 
than 1.25. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 

 
 
 
 
35 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
And how do we plan to consume the caustic because we will consume chlorine, we will sink 
chlorine in PVC. We will be ending up having 1.5, 1.6 million? 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 
 
So that is the advantage we have because this particular industry has a challenge of 
consuming actually the chlorine. But we will be advantaged in that position that we will have 
chlorine consumption. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
You can take entire industry into a disadvantage position because we will be having 25% of 
India's caustic production at one location. 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 
 
I mean I agree with you, there will be caustic surplus in the country and for a while for initial 
period of one or two years we will export some of that caustic and manage the situation. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
One on battery, this LFP battery, we will be doing it all ourselves as in LFP production to 
battery production, everything we will be doing? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
As I said it will be fully integrated from battery materials such as cathode, anode, electrolyte 
all the way to cell battery. And we will not be doing lithium carbonate production because that 
effectively goes into the mining. India does not have that rich resources. 
 
Sanjesh Jain 
 
And we have a supply arrangement for the carbonates. 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
It is a surplus market. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Two questions on telcos, one on the retail. On telco Anshuman clearly the tariff hikes we 
have taken for Jio it is more back-end loaded as compared to other telcos. So should we 
continue to see benefit of tariff hikes in coming quarters or most of it is largely behind us? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 

 
 
 
 
36 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
A little bit more because some of our annual plans are still quite popular and those impact 
will flow through almost. The hike happened in early July so when the next recharge happens, 
there will still be some impact of that. And we had also allowed customers to do stacking, 
though people do not stack annual plans that much they do not do but some impact may still 
be there. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
And commensurate margin improvement should be seen, right as in how RPU improves? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
Yes, they should but look there are lots of combination of things which impact the margins 
there. But this revenue increase should improve the margins. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Second question, telco vendor payables, how much is roughly the number right now? 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
The vendor payables? Capex creditors now? 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Yes capex creditors. 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
Sort of we have other numbers. We have mostly taken credit now. It is all converted into 
loans. So we do not have much of that now. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Thank you. On retail, the question is, is the turnaround largely done? Because there were 
three parts from what I understand. The B2C rationalization, which as we saw today, you 
guys are adding stores. Second was on the B2B side, and third one was fashion being slow. 
So where are we in terms of B2B rationalization and fashion uptake. 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 
 
See, it is pretty much done. So if you look at on the store side, we continue to add new stores 
while we weeded out all the stores which did not make sense, right? So we opened 2700 
new stores, we closed almost 2200. My net addition is only 500. B2B also we have kind of 
weaned down some of the low margin categories which were not making sense. So, that is 
something that transition has also been completed that is already reflecting in the numbers. 

 
 
 
 
37 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So, if you look at our margins, margins are expanding because of both of these. Now when 
you look at the fashion, yes, the market has still been weak. If you look at most of our 
competition, the market is still weak. But for us Q3 was a good quarter even Q4. With all the 
work that we have been doing on, reducing the design to shelf cycle, reducing inventory, 
increasing the design quotient, making design more AI enabled. All of that is starting to bear 
fruit now. We have had positive LFL growths and double digit growth in the fashion business 
in this year. We believe it has turned the leaf and we will see this continuous growth quarter 
and quarter going forward. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Got it. And when should we start seeing any meaningful contribution from Shein? 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 
 
We have just launched it. We just did a beta launch in February. It is important to get a certain 
number of options on the platform. This year is when we look at meaningful scale-up. We will 
also start advertising. You need to have a certain basic minimum number of options to offer 
a customer the choice before you start advertising too much. The good thing is just when we 
did organic, just on their own we saw significant downloads. It was one of the top ten 
downloaded apps during those initial few days when we did the beta launch. I think as we 
marketed and as we add more options, we should see the pickup in this year. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
If you do mind can I have the privilege of the last few questions. I have a series of questions 
actually on the new energy business, if I may ask them one by one. You all are obviously 
starting module production way ahead of your own in-house consumption i.e., for power 
requirements. Now, modules, as you know, are perishable commodities. Are you all looking 
to sell this in the market initially, especially as the DCI market is extremely lucrative? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
I think what Srikanth mentioned with respect to the generation capacity coming later or 
generation coming later it is about the significant capacity coming later. But as our modules 
get manufactured and as we have got the land in Kutch which is already in development 
stage, we will start getting the modules installed in Kutch itself. Having said that, the beauty 
of an integrated business model is it provides the business flexibility. As the markets give 
opportunities, whether it is Indian or International, we will benefit from those opportunities. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
Sir, if I may pursue further on that and I understand that basically your EPC has to start six 
months prior to actually the module production. And I am not aware of actually any EPC 
works started materially as yet. So your module production is started, but it is still going to 

 
 
 
 
38 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
take at least six months to get consumed on site. So you will still have a module surplus 
straight away, right? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
Let me just say EPC is engineering, procurement and construction, right? So we already 
started at least two legs and the C leg is also working or progressing. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
And HJT is clearly the next generation technology, the Chinese as well are going slow on it. 
How are the sort of initial efficiencies? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
It is pretty good. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
The Chairman’s actually targeted 26% to start with and going to 28%. Is that in line? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
The cell efficiency you are talking about? 
 
Jal Irani 
 
Yes, the cell efficiency. 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
Absolutely in line and we are seeing those benefits. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
Okay and on electrolyzers, what sort of tie-up do you have with Nel and what is the 
technology? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
I think we have already announced that. There is a press release on Nel when we did the tie-
up. Nel is actually one of the oldest electrolyzer manufacturing companies out of Europe. 
They are very good in alkaline technology and that is what we think is going to be beneficial 
for utility scale. We have a tie-up to set up the manufacturing as well as do technological 
collaboration with Nel. 
 

 
 
 
 
39 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Jal Irani 
 
In terms of economics, I mean the Chinese I believe, have reached economics of $350 
kilowatt hour, right? And Nel is I thought more like 1000? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
I would not be able to give you the number, but I think in partnership with us, we will get to 
the economics which makes us cost competitive. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
And finally on hydrogen, how far is that out 2028 perhaps? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
Again I won't be able to give you the timeline on hydrogen, but we are very well prepared to 
serve the market. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
Because you have also won several PLIs, right? And they have got an expiry date. So, how 
would you manage that? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
We will deliver to the PLIs. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
Within three years, I think production is going to start. 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
We will deliver. It is not much that volume is not significant, right, if you look at it from overall 
perspective. 
 
Jal Irani 
 
And on target to reach a $1 cost? The last question, on target to reach $1 cost by 2030? 
 
Sh Karan Suri 
 
Again I would not be able to give you an indication on the direction on that. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 

 
 
 
 
40 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
I understand that the mergers only happened in mid-November, but can you give a sense on 
the growth that you are seeing because television advertising is struggling. It is still below 
pre-COVID levels. And also your margins are only 3%. How quickly with whatever growth 
ambition you have, do you see that catching up with peers who are at multiple of that? 
 
Sh Kevin Vaz 
 
Actually, at the moment, we are in the midst of growing our viewership, growing our platform. 
I always believe, I am saying is, if you can grow those two parameters, revenues will always 
follow right? So we are quite optimistic looking at the start where we had whether it is with 
the app or if you look at where our channels are performing on today's date in most in most 
markets we are leaders. We have got eight to ten of the top 10 programmes, and I think if we 
can manage viewership revenue will always follow. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
Yes but there seems to be something very structural about television advertising, because 
despite 100 million pay TV homes and it growing, it is still below pre-COVID level in 3-4 years. 
While digital advertising has doubled? 
 
Sh Kevin Vaz 
 
I do not know which source you're looking at. But if you look at the EY reports, etc., television 
is all way above the pre-COVID. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
But is it growing? 
 
Sh Kevin Vaz 
 
It is. If you look at any of the reports that have come up, and the predictions for the future, it 
is showing a positive prediction. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
Television will also grow? 
 
Sh Kevin Vaz 
 
Yes very much. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 

 
 
 
 
41 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
And your margin catch up, do you think the 3% margin will go to double digits is it possible, 
digital and sports so do you have a margin ambition or a target? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
We have margin ambition. We have EBITDA ambition. And this is pretty big what we have in 
mind is absolutely. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
Can I just ask for Anshuman one question? 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
This is possibly the last question. 
 
Deepti Chaturvedi 
 
You spoke about 5G monetization. So could you just throw some more light on that? What 
are your thoughts on that? Basically, how can we look at ARPU improvement, in the absence 
of tariff hikes? Obviously, 5G monetization should be key, 40% of subscribers now on 5G. 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
Yes 45% of the data consumption, data traffic on 5G. And opportunity to give more services, 
so a combination of things like network slicing, being able to offer some differentiated superior 
services, enterprise offerings so we see many opportunities there. The network has stabilized 
quite well, so we are confident that we will be able to demonstrate or provide those services 
and then be able to charge a premium for some of those services. So those efforts are going 
to be taken over the next few months, few quarters. Again, the reason I spoke about the 
Kumbh case study was also because in very difficult circumstances, we were able to offer 
fairly differentiated services. Now, we expect customers to be willing to pay for some of those 
services, enterprises definitely and we are differentiated, so no other operator will be able to 
offer those kinds of differentiated services. So both additional revenues, incremental ARPUs, 
as well as just getting more customers, because customers will look for those kind of services. 
We see those opportunities in the next few quarters for us. 
 
Devanshu Bansal 
 
So question on the retail business. Of the 2,200 stores which was streamlined, if you can just 
give some picture in terms of between consumer electronics, fashion and lifestyle and 
grocery, where the biggest part of streamlining happened. And also on the fashion and 
lifestyle, you touched upon, reducing the timeline from design to shelf and reducing the 
inventory or increasing inventory returns. So given the Shein partnership, is it also coming 
from their global learning or maybe is it because of the Shein partnership was done internally? 
 

 
 
 
 
42 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 
 
So I will answer the second one first and wait for Dinesh to turn up for the first one. It is a 
whole bunch of projects we have undertaken over the last three or four quarters, over the last 
year. We have had a big technical project to cut down on the time from design to shelf. And 
that has been done pretty much by ourselves, based on our own experiences across running 
this business for the last almost 17 to 18 years, the learnings that we have got. Shein is a 
different business. That partnership is focused on Shein itself. And at this point in time, yes, 
the effort has been to create the domestic supply chain, which we have been able to now roll 
out quite well. We have over 12,000 options on Shein now and we have been able to create 
the domestic supply chain to be able to give that, provide a similar service as Shein offers 
globally. But these are two separate instances. The whole tech platforms are separate. 
 
Sh Gaurav Jain 
 
So I think the question was on the store optimization. So I think it has been across the formats. 
We have seen store closures but it is also because of a variety of reasons. It could be just 
about some stores maybe have shifted because of maybe the trade areas or the consumer 
preferences moving. Some stores not performing well because maybe the mall itself is not 
performing up to the mark and so it is a function of variety of reasons for both fashion largely 
and also for grocery business so it is both from small town to largely mall based stores and 
in large cities. So we have seen maybe just optimization in large pockets. But we have also 
replaced all of those stores with new stores, so you actually see for the year, there is a net 
addition of about 500 stores. 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 
 
Truly the last question, and thank you so much. We are absolutely delighted that we got this 
opportunity to present and have this interaction and look forward to the next one three months 
from now. Thank you. 
 
 
