 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
 RKL/SX/2025-26/16                                                                                                    May 13, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip code: RADICO 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2025-26/05 dated April 25, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
for Analysts and Investors held on May 7, 2025 for Quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
http://www.radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior VP - Legal & Company Secretary  
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar 
Gupta 
Date: 2025.05.13 
16:37:28 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Fourth Quarter and Full Year FY2025  
Earnings Conference call 
May 7, 2025 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Radico Khaitan Q4 
FY25 Result Conference Call, hosted by Dolat Capital Markets Private 
Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from Dolat 
Capital Markets Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you, Navya. Good afternoon, everyone. At this moment, we 
would like to thank Radico Khaitan Management Team for providing 
Dolat Capital with the opportunity to host the Q4 FY25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us the senior leadership team from the Radico Khaitan, 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha – Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sanjeev Banga – President (International Business). 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan – MD for his 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q4 FY25 Results Conference Call. 
There has been a major development regarding the much-anticipated 
UK Free Trade Agreement last evening. While we await the final print, 
I would like to provide a broader perspective before diving into the 
details of our Q4 results. 
Given the strong growth of our whisky portfolio, including Sangam, 
Royal Ranthambore, After Dark and 8PM Premium Black whisky, we 
are among the largest importers of bulk scotch for blending purposes. 
Our scotch imports in FY26 are projected to exceed INR 250 crores in 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
landed price, inclusive of import duties. Any reduction in these duties 
will translate into meaningful cost saving for us. 
Luxury spirits are a lifestyle category, and pricing plays a crucial role in 
shaping consumer aspirations. We do not anticipate altering our 
pricing strategy as our brands hold a perceived value that resonates 
with consumers. Positioned at a premium compared to most 
incumbent brands, our products compete not only with global brands 
in India, but also internationally. Over the years, each of our luxury 
brands has carved out a distinct identity. This development is a 
welcome move and will significantly contribute to our premiumization 
journey as we continue to focus on creating more luxury brands. 
The first quarter of FY26 marks an exciting milestone as we prepare to 
introduce two luxury brands - projects that have been under 
development for two years. These launches represent a major leap in 
Radico Khaitan's premiumization journey, reinforcing our confidence 
that the best is yet to come. 
Now moving on to the quarterly performance: Building on the strong 
momentum from the third quarter, Radico Khaitan delivered an 
impressive 28% volume growth in Q4 FY25, our highest quarterly 
growth in the past 3 years.  
FY25 has been the best year in our history on all key-financial metrics, 
with highest ever turnover of INR 4,851 crores, EBITDA of INR 668 
crores and PAT of INR 341 crores.  
FY25 was truly a year of transformation for Radico Khaitan, fueled by 
our commitment to expanded backward integration, enhanced 
distribution capabilities including on-trade, a robust innovation 
pipeline and impactful consumer engagement. 
Our flagship premium brand Magic Moments Vodka has crossed the 
milestone of 7 million cases during the financial year, a true testament 
to its growing popularity. Adding to this momentum, we are thrilled to 
welcome Kriti Sanon as our brand ambassador. With her charisma, 
style and widespread appeal, this partnership is set to elevate Magic 
Moments to unprecedented heights, redefining the benchmark for 
premium vodka in India. 
Continuing our commitment to innovation, we unveiled 8PM Premium 
Black in a bold new look design to elevate brand imagery while 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
showcasing its distinctive product story, crafted around the harmony 
of eight select notes.  
Furthermore, within the first half of the year, we will also enter the 
super-premium whisky segment, strengthening our presence in high-
growth categories and setting new benchmarks in excellence. 
While innovation remains the cornerstone of our strategy, our 
immediate priorities center on strengthening our existing portfolio, 
making targeted 
marketing investments and expanding our 
distribution network.  
Looking ahead, we are poised for a strong double-digit growth in the 
Prestige & Above category, enhanced profitability and a persistent 
focus on cash flow generation, all driving long-term value creation for 
our shareholders. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for detailed 
operation and financial review. Thank you and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call 
today. 
During Q4 FY25, we reported a total IMFL volume of 9.15 million cases, 
representing a growth of 28% on a year-on-year basis. This is the 
highest-ever volume recorded by Radico Khaitan in a quarter. 
Prestige & Above category volume grew by 17%. In value-terms, the 
Prestige & Above category registered 22% growth. IMFL realization 
increased by 4.6% on year-on-year basis. The regular category volume 
which was impacted due to certain state-specific industry-related 
issues and ongoing strategic rationalization of the portfolio have now 
returned to a sharp growth trajectory. This was due to a lower base 
coupled with normalization of state-specific industry issues. 
Changes in route to the market in Andhra Pradesh contributed 1,500 
basis points to our overall volume growth. It is important to highlight 
that the Prestige & Above segment, excluding Andhra, the growth has 
been higher during the quarter. 
The recent RTM changes in Andhra Pradesh have progressed well, 
promoting stability and predictability in the regulatory environment. 
As a result, we have seen strong traction for our brand portfolio and 
gained market share from 10% in the first half to over 17% in Q3 and 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
now 23% in Q4 FY25, which is highest in the industry. We quickly 
adapted to the changing environment and created capacities to 
capitalize on the industry opportunity. 
Gross margin during the quarter was 43.5% compared to 41% in Q4 of 
last year, and 43% in Q3 FY25. Gross margin improved both year-on-
year basis and quarter-on-quarter basis due to the ongoing 
premiumization in IMFL business, coupled with relatively stable raw 
material scenario. We are optimistic that the pricing scenario for ENA 
and grains will remain stable going forward during FY26. 
Ad-spend will be within our targeted range of 7% to 8%. It has been 
higher during the quarter due to new celebrity engagement and other 
new brand-related spend.  
Interest costs increased sequentially due to higher working capital 
utilization during the quarter. However, we have seen significant 
liquidation of inventory in Q4. Furthermore, we have also realised 
significant debtors towards the end of the quarter, resulting in a debt 
reduction of INR 114 crores over last year.  
Going forward, our focus will be on driving profitable growth along 
with cash flow generation, and more efficient working capital 
management, resulting in debt reduction. 
With this, now we open the house for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Abneesh from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, congratulations on very good volume growth. My first question is 
on your first statement on FTA. So, wanted to understand this, it is a 
competitive market. For example, in Karnataka, where the state 
Government has cut taxes in the premium spirit, obviously, most of 
the players have passed it to end customers. So, when the raw material 
of cost becomes cheaper, 2 scenarios can be there. 
One, because it is competitive, the players could cut prices, so that it 
becomes affordable and because they have higher gross margins, they 
will be able to cut. I note your comment that you do not think pricing 
cut will happen, given it's a premium brand. But I just wanted to take 
on that. And the second is, could some state Governments in 
compensation, because they suddenly see that prices have reduced in 
many states, then can they increase taxes on their own, because state 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Governments need more revenue and this is one of the ways to 
achieve that? That is my first question. 
Amar Sinha: 
Thank you for your question. So, first of all, I must say that the FTA with 
UK has been a very progressive and favorable step that the 
Government of India has taken and the Government needs to be 
congratulated for the same. 
As far as the AlcoBev sector is concerned, custom duty reduction will 
result in a 6% to 8% consumer price or MRP reduction. Now, in the 
premium and luxury segment, most international brands of repute are 
already present in the country. It is very unlikely that reputed foreign 
brands will reduce their price for this small benefit of 6% to 8% to their 
ultimate consumer. This would also, in fact, dilute the imagery of the 
premium brands. The companies are likely to mop up this saving and 
save on their costs rather. That is our understanding of the situation. 
There is a chance that there might be some smaller companies with 
smaller scotch whisky brands that may come in. But as far as the 
premium and luxury segment consumer is concerned, there is really 
no market attraction for cheap scotches. So, cheap scotch whiskeys 
are no competition to us. 
Now, with regard to Radico's perspective on business: 
Radico has always, if you see our track record, in the last few years, we 
have believed in pricing all our products above the market leader in 
every category, irrespective of what the price position is for 
international brands or any other brands in India. The example is very 
clear. If you see the pricing of Jaisalmer, Royal Ranthambore, Rampur, 
we are priced much ahead of the competitors. 
Actually we are creating a portfolio of the best Indian brands and 
therefore we do not anticipate any change in our pricing strategy or 
price positioning. So, truly speaking, we see FTA as a big win for India 
and companies like Radico, which are making India proud and taking 
it to the world. 
Radico as, Mr. Abhishek Khaitan mentioned a little while ago, that we 
plan to import Blended Malt Scotch to the extent of INR 250 crores in 
FY26 for blending with our products, and that reduction, which is likely 
to happen, will give us substantial cost advantages and a margin 
uptake. So, hence, it is a net positive for Radico. 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Your second question was whether state excise departments will raise 
duties. See, if state excise departments have the autonomy to make 
price changes to their local taxes, because liquor is a state subject 
matter, but then we need to see because every state Government 
today is looking for increasing sales and collecting more. It has been 
seen in the past that whenever you raise prices beyond a point, it 
affects the brands adversely. So, it is very difficult to comment as of 
now. Let’s wait and watch. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, one quick follow-up on this. When is the earliest date when your 
raw material becomes cheaper in terms of scotch? Any clarity on that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
It depends when the notification will come out. So, that only the 
Government knows. As of now, there is no clarity. 
Abneesh Roy: 
No, my question was not only from a notification date, but that was 
also there. Do you have some forward contracts or inventory which 
could delay that by and how much? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The inventory in pipeline is normal inventory, and as and when it is 
made applicable, after which the imports will attract lesser duty, the 
cost will come down based on that.  
Amar Sinha:  
So, just to be very precise, we are not holding huge stock at all. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Last question. In Andhra, if you could tell us in terms of the overall 
industry scale-up post the new reform, anything you want to highlight 
there? And how do you see FY26 in Andhra? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, let me tell you, Andhra, as we have just mentioned, has progressed 
very well with the new excise policy and route to market change. What 
is happening now is that the market has started to stabilize. It is picking 
up. And even in the previous year, in fact, 60% of the business was with 
local players. But in the current regime right now, 60% of the business 
is with national players and organized players. So, it is actually 
progressing very well. 
And we hope that the market will not only stabilize, but from here 
onwards, it will continue to grow. New brands are likely to be 
introduced with the tender that is going to open sometime shortly. 
And we hope to do well in that. Secondly, the most important point is 
as far as Radico is concerned, we have a market share which earlier in 
H1 was 10%, in Q3 it went up to 17% and now it is 23% in Q4. 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
We are the largest player, and this actually supports the point that the 
consumer there was looking for national and organized players to 
come in. So, that is benefiting us as a company. Our overall volume 
growth is 28%, and substantial growth is also being contributed by AP 
for all organized brands. 
Abneesh Roy:  
Sure. Thanks. That's all from myside. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anil Shah from Insightful 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Anil Shah: 
So, just wanted to get a sense on your raw materials scenario, has the 
broken rice from the Government, Food Corporation of India started? 
And generally, how the raw material situation is in terms of pricing and 
availability is concerned? 
And the second question is on the Delhi opening up, if you could throw 
some light in terms of how that state is shaping up? Thank you. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, as far as the raw material scenario is concerned, after the 
Government announced the Food Corporation rice available for 
ethanol, to that extent the demand from the market has gone to the 
Government, FCI godown. And that has resulted into the softening of 
the prices which were in the range of around INR 27,500 to INR 28,000 
has come down to around INR 25,000 per ton now. So, it is a good 
development and at this stage, this has also impacted the other key 
raw material like maize, etc. So, that has also seen a correction of INR 
2,000 approximately per ton. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, let me tell you the Delhi policy is right now the way it was last year. 
And the existing policy has been extended for another 3 months. 
Hopefully, in July, we will see the new policy. As a company, we feel 
that the policy will benefit all national and organized brands. 
Anil Shah: 
 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec India. 
Please go ahead.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Good evening. So, just had 3 questions. In light of the recent 
developments yesterday, you had a FY26 target of INR 500 crores for 
the luxury and semi luxury portfolio. Do you believe that it is wait-and-
watch whether that can be achieved, given that you might see some 
changes in the competitive environment in the next 12 months? Or do 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
you believe that that is something that you are still very confident of 
hitting? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, in FY25, we have achieved INR 340 crores and we have grown by 
32%. And in our luxury portfolio, like the way Royal Ranthambore is 
growing month-on-month. And also, how Jaisalmer and Rampur and 
specially with the 2 new introductions, we are very confident that we'll 
surpass INR 500 crores. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Fantastic. The second point was on the debt side. So, we are up to 
about close INR 600 crores of net debt. Just wanted to get your sense 
of, I know that in two years’ time, it is going to almost zero. In FY26, is 
there a target that you'll half this number or anything that you can give 
a sense on? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, as the debt is coming down now, we expect to be almost debt-free 
by FY27. For FY26, it will come down by around 35% to 40% and after 
that, we will be almost debt-free. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And last thing was on the commodity environment. In the 
current context, did you see, bulk scotch has obviously become 
cheaper. And grain has also become cheaper. So, on ENA and glass, 
both of those elements, do you see a stable environment for the next 
6 to 12 months, at least from where we are right now? Is that the right 
way to think about it? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, ENA till now has been stable, but grain has definitely given this 
head wind and our main input in alcohol. We have a large grain alcohol 
capacity also. So, there the advantage of the costs coming down will 
come. So, when the grain price had gone up, ENA had also not gone 
too high as compared to what the grain price had gone. So, let us see 
the demand and supply scenario, but we don't foresee any pressure 
or inflation on that, in FY26. 
 
Glass has seen some correction and correction has been twice in the 
last year. It was about 3% to 4% correction in glass prices and now the 
scenario looks like it is also stable. 
Harit Kapoor:  
Great. Great. Thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Vishal Gutka: 
Hi Team. Congrats on a good set of numbers. 2 questions from my 
side. I think on Andhra Pradesh; you have achieved 23% market share. 
So, any further opportunities where to improve the market share from 
here onwards, because 23% is a very high number? 
And ancillary question is that any states, we are expecting route to 
market changes? Like maybe in Bihar, the elections are there. There is 
a change in Delhi, definitely that you have highlighted. Any other state 
where you are expecting any changes in route to market or policy 
changes? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, as far as Andhra is concerned, see we are becoming stronger with 
our whiskeys like After Dark, which is the deluxe segment, which 
obviously means that we are getting a stronger distribution base. 
Now, as Mr. Abhishek Khaitan mentioned that we have 2 luxury 
whiskeys, one super premium whiskey on the cart over the next 6 
months, and 2 luxury products in the 1st Quarter. I think with new 
products coming in, existing whiskeys becoming stronger, there is a 
strong chance that our market share may further improve. 
Dilip Banthiya:  
And as far as your question of regulatory changes, we see Delhi being 
in near future, as and when that happens. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
If Bihar like the prohibition goes away with the election results being 
favorable, then maybe prohibition goes away which is very good. 
Vishal Gutka: 
And just ancillary question of UP market, so UP market has gone on a 
policy change in last quarter and I think the new policy is coming. If you 
can just broadly highlight what has happened in the new policy? How 
is the performance in the month of April, if you can broadly highlight 
for UP market? 
Amar Sinha: 
The best thing that has happened in UP with the new excise policy is 
that you have got composite shops, which have come up which have 
expanded the universe of outlets by almost 40%. 
Another big advantage that has accrued to the industry is that in IMFL, 
the wholesalers are now paying the excise duty, which means that the 
industry is lowering its working capital requirement, which is a big plus. 
This also means that any established player like Radico will reap huge 
benefits because the traction for fast-moving brands will be much 
more, because wholesaler would like to take cash and rotate it faster. 
So, that's a very big plus which has happened. 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
I think with the increase in the universe, Radico certainly is very 
optimistic that the market share will also improve. So, that's a big win. 
And in Q4 itself, Radico has seen a 37% growth in P&A segment and 
the market share actually has improved to 29% in Q4, from 26% to 
29%. 
Vishal Gutka: 
So, that's a very big number, sir. Wishing you all the best for future 
quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akhilesh Bhattar from 
Ikigai Asset Management. 
Akhilesh Bhattar: 
Congratulations on a good set. I just had a question on the margin side. 
So, when do you expect to catch up to your previous peak margin 
levels that we had seen in FY20, FY21? And with the headwind that we 
have right now in terms of the UK FTA deal and other headwinds? What 
are the tailwinds that you foresee? And what is the timeline that you 
are foreseeing as to catch up for margins? Thank you. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have improved the EBITDA margin as well as gross margin in FY25 
versus FY24. The EBITDA margin is almost improved by 150 basis 
points and with the growth in our brand portfolio and P&A guidance 
of 15% growth in FY26 and onward also, we see a continuous 
improvement in our EBITDA margin. I think 100 basis points EBITDA 
margin improvement will be there, and after that we will have to see 
how much we will get benefit through reduction in duties. So, our 
business model is tuned to improve the margin continuously for 3 
years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bhavdeep Vora from Franklin 
Templeton Asset Management India. Please go ahead. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand that this 
reduction in the import duty for the imported scotch. So, from the 
perspective of the state Government, so in terms of the collection of 
revenues, so whether the revenue collection per bottle is higher in this 
BIO, BII stuff or it would be more like say, the Indian on the Prestige 
side say the P&A, the Prestige & Above segment? So, how do both this 
compare? So, just trying to understand that in terms of what does this 
do to the competitiveness of the premium Indian IMFL basically 
compared to an imported spirit? So, maybe your perspective on that 
would be helpful. 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
So, right now see the BIO sector is not very large in the country, in an 
industry of 400 million cases. Basically, 5 million cases is the BII and 
BIO market. So, it is a small niche segment, which is growing of course, 
but really if you ask me any tax changes, it does not impact and it is 
not comparable with what one gets from the semi-premium and 
premium segments. In fact, the premium segment in India, it sells in 
18 million cases, and the deluxe segment is approximately 70 million 
cases. So, the tax collection is obviously huge. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Sure. That's fine. But from an incremental perspective, right? So, if 
basically BIO becomes more competitive, right? So, maybe now 
reaching probably INR 2,000 or even below price points in some of the 
states. So, does consumer shift from say the top line of India's 
premium to some of this imported stuff? And is more attractive to 
Government or how does it matter? So how does it work on revenues? 
Amar Sinha: 
I just mentioned to you a little while ago that see this duty reduction at 
the current rate from 150% to 75% will only give relief by 6% to 8% on 
the consumer price side. So, that is not a very big reduction actually. If 
you calculate and we do not foresee the foreign brands reducing the 
price of premium brands for this 7% to 8%, because it dilutes the image 
of such premium brands. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Okay. But it also and of course, bringing the duty down to 40% over 10 
years.  
Amar Sinha: 
So, we cross the bridge as it comes, because by then Indian brands are 
now reaching out to the world, and in the next 10 years, Indian Single 
Malts would be forced to reckon with globally, which has already 
started happening. And if you see last year, Indian single malt sold 
more than all the international malt whiskeys in the country. 
Bhavdeep Vora: 
Okay. Thanks. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask who wish to ask questions 
may please press “*” and one at this time. I repeat, participants 
interested in asking questions may please press “*” and one at this 
time.  
Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Hi. Congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. Thanks for the 
opportunity. So, my first question is about the backward integration 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
that you had done for raw material. With the broken rice prices now 
correcting about 10%, maize prices also lowered. There was an 
expectation that you would save about INR 12 to INR 13 per litre on 
your raw material. So, where are we now and what could be the 
savings that can happen in FY26? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So,  your question is regarding make versus buy, the delta was around 
INR 12 to INR 13 per litre, 3 years back. After that it has reduced to INR 
3 to INR 4, and now it is stabilizing between INR 7 to INR 8. And we see 
that this will remain stable. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. This would be the stable scenario.  
And you are planning to repay your debt in 2 years' time, by the cash 
flow generation, right? I just wanted the clarification, in FY26, you 
would reduce your current debt by about 30%, 40%, and the rest of it 
you would reduce in FY27. Is that right or it would take about 3 years? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
That's correct. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
So, you would be debt free in 2 years' time, right? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
Yes, of course. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Another, you are launching 2 new products in luxury segment. What 
happens in the upper-Prestige segment? Because there was an 
expectation that you would target to launch something in the upper-
Prestige segment, where the Antiquity, Blender's Pride, Signature are 
there. So, any plans on that? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, I think we just mentioned that before the end of H1, we are already 
ready to launch the super-premium segment actually, which is on the 
cards. And it is a huge segment of 18 million cases, which we are 
targeting, growing at double digit rate. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. No, I had heard that, but I misinterpreted it. I thought that super-
premium would be like in the leagues of Blenders Pride or for that 
matter, Royal Ranthambore. So, that is basically upper-Prestige 
segment, which you are talking about. 
Amar Sinha: 
 
Yes, that's correct. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. That's it from my side. 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on good set of numbers. 
Question pertains to on the new launches that we are looking at. So, 
which are the categories where we believe would be the potential or 
maybe the future opportunity to launch new categories? 18 million 
cases, one where you talked about. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, we are currently launching in the whisky segment, which is the 
super-premium whisky that we are talking about and that's a 18 million 
cases market which comes before the end of H1. And then we are 
launching 2 luxury products in Q1 itself. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay. So, with these launches, do you believe we would be done with 
the new launches or just expect to continue in future? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, with these new launches, which will be 2 in 1st Quarter and 1 in 
first half, I think we, for the time being, are done with. However, the 
pipeline always continues to be there. But we have to see the justice 
to the brand launch and width of distribution.  
Amar Singa:  
So, let me clarify this question of yours. See, Radico in the last one 
decade has always been working on innovations, market research, 
coming out with new products, filling the gaps. And this practice will 
continue. We are always doing research in the market and trying to 
build on new luxury products. But here on, anything that we do in the 
years ahead will only be upscale. We will keep upscaling our price and 
category as well. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
The question is on the Telangana, the outstanding amount that we had 
from the Telangana state. So, any update on that? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, first of all, the positive side is that the Telangana Government, for 
all the current supplies has been paying us regularly. So, there is 
nothing to worry on the receivable side, for all currently supply. We 
had some old outstanding dues that have started being released since 
last month. So, that is also positive side. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
So, what would be the current outstanding, including the dues that you 
had? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the overdue of past period is below INR 100 crores. We are the 
lowest in the industry. 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay. Sir, my last question is on the regular category. So, of course, we 
have seen in this quarter, we have seen very strong growth due to the 
RTM in AP market. How do you see FY26 in terms of growth guidance 
for regular category? That is my last question. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, what he has said that our concentration is more on the P&A 
category, which we are confident that it will be 15% plus. And regular 
volumes are back so I think regular also should grow by 12% to 13%. 
Pankaj Kumar:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sanjay Manyal: 
Hi sir. Congratulations on good set of numbers. Just one question I 
have. Largely, the way your volumes have been growing, you think that 
you would require to take another round of CAPEX for the further sort 
of increasing capacity for ENA. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, about last 2 years back, we had put up our Sitapur unit, which is 
one of the largest in Asia. And with this, I think we are quite self-
sufficient for the next 3 to 4 years. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Perfect. And just on the FTA, though most of the questions have 
been asked on that, but which brand specifically would be in the price 
range where most of the foreign brands are, where you will be 
competing with most of the foreign brands of BIO category or BII 
category? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, we have Royal Ranthambore, which has been priced INR 100 higher 
than the largest selling Scotch whiskey brand, and we are growing by 
50%. And this brand is the brand of the future, and we see great 
potential. 
Sanjay Manyal:  
Okay. Perfect. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anurag Jain, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Anurag Jain: 
Good afternoon, sir. So, the previous participant's question on 
Telangana, there was an echo when management was speaking. So, it 
was not clear. I will just repeat the question. Like how are we placed in 
Telangana in terms of sales and outstanding receivables? 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
So, as far as Telangana is concerned, outstanding today is not so much 
of an issue. Whatever we are supplying, we are getting paid within the 
specified credit period. As far as old outstandings are concerned, we 
have the lowest overdue old outstanding, which is below INR 100 
crores. And since last month, the Government has started paying us 
that as well. We are hoping that Telangana as a state will perform 
better now, because people are getting paid on time. So, the industry 
will grow. We are anyway growing in that state. 
Anurag Jain: 
All right, thank you. I have one more question on the export segment. 
How has been the export performance of the company for FY25 versus 
FY24? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
See, FY24, we had reached a record level. That was the highest ever. 
Fortunately, we exceeded that in FY25 and we further grew, current 
export in terms of volume is about 5% of the total business, and in 
terms of value is about 9%, and it continues to grow. 
Anurag Jain: 
All right sir. Thank you. Sir, the Australian FTA was signed about 3 years 
ago. How has been Radico's experience in terms of getting market 
access to Australia? Has the FTA really helped or is it still something 
work-in progress? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
See, in terms of FTA, it was primarily on the wine. In terms of our 
exports to Australia, we do export our luxury portfolio, which is our 
Single Malt and Jaisalmer Gin. In terms of our rest of the whisky or the 
rum portfolio, Australia also has certain non-tariff barriers in terms of 
aging and maturation and the Indian whisky do not qualify for that. So, 
we have been in discussion with them on removing these non-tariff 
barriers. 
Anurag Jain: 
 
All right sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Yes. I think 2 questions. First is a regular segment. I think we have seen 
a bumper growth during the quarter. So, what shall be our expectation 
for FY26, given that Andhra policy changes have helped? Shall we 
expect 20%-plus growth in the regular segment?  
And second question is on Indian Single Malt Association, I think 
Radico is also a part of it. So, just want to check from you what 
measures as an association, we are taking so that there is no 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
manipulation done by other new entrants who are entering this space? 
Thank you. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, I will take the Regular question. So, first of all, we must say that 
after 9 quarters of a bad period for the regular segment, from Q3 of 
last year, the regular segment has started bouncing back. Right now, 
since the previous year first two quarters were bad, though there is a 
low base, so the growth in the next 2 quarters would be healthy. And 
there were many issues, relating to specific states, with regard to the 
industry, that is also normalizing. 
RTM change in AP has brought the sales back, which we see stabilizing 
in the year ahead. So, as we guided earlier, some time back, we hope 
to see the regular industry growing at about 10% to 12% in the times 
ahead for Radico. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of the Indian Malt Whisky Association, Indian Single Malt is 
still a very nascent category. So, the 4 founding members who are the 
pioneers and who have been promoting and working hard in creating 
this category, felt there is a need to set certain standards and norms 
to protect the authenticity and the goodwill of Indian Single Malt. So, 
that's what the main objective is of this. And as we go along, we are in 
discussion with various Government authorities to set certain 
specifications and standards for Indian Single Malts, so that everyone 
conforms to that, and we do not dilute the equity and the brand image 
of Indian Single Malts in the global market. 
Vishal Gutka: 
 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Palak from MIV 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Palak Bhanushali: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is again on the UK 
FTA. So, I completely understand your point that there's not going to 
be any pricing pressure. My question is that if there's a welcome move 
for other players to enter the Indian market, considering this has a very 
huge potential. I was listening to your morning interview in which you 
mentioned that you consider marketing and distribution as a very big 
strength of Radico. So, can the player enter the market by 
collaborating with a national pan-India player? And there is going to be 
much more choices for the customers, so we might see an increase in 
the competitor intensity in the segment? I just want to know your 
thoughts on this. 

 
 
 
 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
So, if I understand you correctly, you are asking can the foreign brands, 
the smaller brands, take up national distribution with Indian players. 
Is that right? 
Palak Bhanushali: 
Yes, in partnership with the national players. 
Amar Sinha: 
No. So, let me tell you, today, as far as the national players are 
concerned, Radico is the largest, and there are 1 or 2 other players, but 
today, I think the possibility of any smaller company coming and taking 
up with them seems to be remote. So, we don't see that as much of a 
threat, and they will not be brands which are of significant value, 
because they would not be among the largest-selling brands which are 
already present in India. 
Palak Bhanushali: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As we have no more questions, we close the call and hand 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, moving forward, we will continue to deliver a strong P&A volume 
growth, driven by our diverse brand portfolio. Secondly, we will further 
develop our luxury brands portfolio. This will be a major contributor 
to our profitability. Furthermore, we are focused on ensuring that the 
capacities operate as efficient as possible. This will enable us to 
generate cash, repay debt, and return cash to the shareholders. 
We look forward to interacting with you on our next earnings call. In 
the meanwhile, if you have any queries, please follow up with us. 
Please feel free to write to us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
