 
 
 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to above mentioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of 
Schedule III thereof, please find attached Transcript of the Conference Call with the 
Investors / Shareholders of Control Print Limited (‘the Company’) fixed through Kaptify 
Consulting held on Monday, May 26, 2025 at 1.00 P.M. IST on Q4FY2025 of the Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
_______________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Date: 2025.05.30 
18:36:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
 
Q4 & FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY '25 
Post Earnings Conference Call of Control Print Limited. Today on 
the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, 
Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the 
business and performance highlights for the period ended 31 
March, 2025, the growth plan and vision for the coming year, post 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to the management team. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Hello, everybody. I'm Jaideep Barve, the Chief Financial Officer 
of Control Print Limited. Welcome you all to the earnings 
conference call for the fourth quarter of the financial year 2024-'25 
Control Print Limited. We appreciate that you have taken out time 
from your busy schedules to attend this call. Thanks for that. 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing Director of Control Print 
Limited, also joins me on this call. For first time joiners on this 
earnings call, more information about CPL can be obtained by 
visiting our website. For information the detailed presentation has 
already been put up on the website as well as in the Investor 
Presentation notification on the exchanges for this call. 
 
Let me provide you some highlights on the performance of CPL 
for the Q4 of FY '24-'25 on a standalone basis. Revenues from 
operations. On a stand-alone basis, the total income for Q4 is 
approximately ₹114 crores, which is a good growth from 
approximately ₹98 crores in the Q4 of financial year '23-'24. The 
total revenue for the entire financial year '24-'25 is ₹395 crores. 
Just for information, for '23-'24 and '22-'23, the total income was 
₹347 crores and ₹295 crores, respectively. 
 
Pipes, food, dairies, steel and metal, cable and wire are few of our 
top performing business verticals. We have finalised the staffing 
and sales strategies to build up and ramp up the businesses for the 
Track and Trace and the Packing divisions in FY '25-'26. Our 
outlook towards the sales and profitability of these two divisions is 
positive for FY '25-'26. 
 
Expenses and profitability levels. The cost of goods sold on a 
stand-alone basis is around 41% in Q4. There is a slight 

 
improvement from the Q3 of the current financial year. It was 
about 43%. On an annual basis for FY '24-'25, the cost of goods 
sold is approximately 40%, which is in line with the last year. 
 
That said, the management remains committed to optimise the 
procurement costs and also look closely into the economy, 
efficiency and effectiveness of operations. This we feel can 
definitely lead to reduction in the operating costs and overall 
profitability. 
 
Manufacturing costs remain at 3% of the total revenue for '24-'25. 
It is similar to the complete years of the last two preceding years. 
Employee costs are 14% of total revenue in Q4. In comparison, 
this was 17% of the total revenue in the third quarter. That said, on 
an annual basis, this has remained steady at 17% for the current 
year and the previous year. Other expenses are 14% of the total 
revenue in Q4. In comparison, this was 15% of total revenue for 
the third quarter. This remains steady at 13% and 14% for the 
current year and the previous year, respectively. The EBITDA 
growth was 10.4%. 
 
The way forward for us, we'll definitely push forward in the Track 
and Trace and the Packaging segments. We'll have focused 
marketing and sales strategy and capitalise on the given market 
opportunities. We will monitor the revenues from both these 
divisions, both in India as well as overseas. Overseas subsidiaries 
will be continued to be monitored with focused growth targets. 
Business plans have already been mandated for execution. For 
Coding and Marking, the installed base will be increased, focusing 
on increased larger market share. 
 
With this, I will leave the floor open for questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Jaideep. All those who wish to ask a question, may use 
the option of raise hand or you can drop a question in the chat 
window. Also we request our participants to limit the initial 
questions to two per participant. Participants can now raise hand to 
ask their questions. We'll take the first question of Arnav Sakhuja. 
Arnav, you can go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So in Q4, we had 
slightly lower gross margins, which was because of higher share of 
sales of printers. So I just wanted to know going forward, what is 
the level of gross margin that we can expect in our business? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Well, we are looking at the gross margins on a close basis. But 
honestly, it all depends on the sales and the product mix. So if the 
consumables percentage of sales increases, obviously, the 

 
percentages would go up. So it's a combination of two factors. One 
is like optimising on the costs, and secondly, on the breakup of the 
product mix between the printers, consumables, spares and the 
aftersales services. So I guess I've answered your question. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay. And also just wanted to ask one more question. So in Q4, 
we saw a negative tax expense of around ₹45 crores, and this is 
also reflected in a deferred tax asset. So what tax rate can we 
expect going forward? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
See, I'll tell you our Guwahati project was under Section 80IE. So 
we had those benefits, and we were eligible to claim the MAT tax 
entitlements. So what has happened is that in our MAT, we had a 
credit of about ₹49.50 some crores. And since now there's a virtual 
certainty that we can realise the same out of profit stability in the 
next two, three years. And the project entitlements have already 
ceased as of today. So we've recognised as a deferred asset. We are 
positive that in the next two years, we will make sure that we don't 
have to pay any tax and the deferred tax asset would be used for 
that. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay. Thanks for answering my questions. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Arnav. We'll take the next question from Madhur 
Rathi. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand regarding 
this coding and marking Codeology that we acquired and they had 
some products that we were missing. So, what is the, like growth 
plan for this segment going forward? How big is the opportunity in 
India? And can we expect the margins in this segment to be similar 
to our India coding and marking business? 
 
And second question would be, on the Track and Trace like we are 
pushing further going forward, how is the revenue model and 
margin for these segments? Is the additional cost added on the 
printers in the beginning? Or is it more like a Software-as-a-
Service kind of a revenue that will be getting going forward, but in 
earlier phases the COGS or gross margin might be declined on that 
front? Thank you. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So Madhurji, your first question was related to the 
Codeology business. Now the Codeology as a company, it 
provides a holistic solution. So it is much more in addition to the 
pure coding and marking business what we do. So it involves like 
the conveyor systems, the coding and marking, the end-of-line 
print and apply systems. So it's a holistic solution what we offer in 
the Europe. It will be beneficial for the Indian company to like 

 
synergise and make sure that those products and those solutions 
also applied in the Indian industry. And that would be a unique 
proposition for our business. 
 
And regarding the growth for the Codeology Limited performance 
in the U.K., there was a bit of recession for them in 1.5 years 
before. But now it has been ironed out and there's good order 
pipeline with us. And we believe that like the next year would be a 
good profitable business for the stand-alone Codeology U.K. 
operations. 
 
Regarding your query on the Track and Trace… 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Are we ready to begin? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, hi. So Shiva, Madhur ji is asking a question about the 
opportunities in Track and Trace going ahead? And would we see 
a reduction in the operating costs for this segment? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So Madhur, the Track and Trace business has two 
components to it. The first is the compliance, which is the essential 
element that everyone needs to meet. So everyone has to be 
compliant with the new government rules and also for certain 
export markets these rules are in place. Now in that market, there 
are four major players similar to how Domino, Videojet and Imaje 
are there. I'd say the ACG, which is also a well-known company in 
India, Jekson Vision, and to a certain extent, PharmaSecure and 
OPTEL these will be the four major players in this business. 
 
Then there are some smaller players who do have like a fair 
amount of sales, but I would say that these are the four key players 
in this business. So for the compliance perspective, these are the 
four players that are used by most of the large customers. And in 
terms of what we need to provide is, obviously, we're providing a 
compliance-based solution, but we're giving some extended 
benefits beyond compliance to a lot of these customers. And that's 
sort of what our USP is. 
 
So if your enemy is implementing the solution and you can get a 
lot more benefits out of it, then that's sort of where we are coming 
in. And there are some stuff that we've also got three key patterns 
in this area, which we'll be working on. So in a technology 
platform, we are trying to come in on a sort of technological 
superiority basis and compete with some of the established players.  
 
But the previous year was about establishing ourselves in the 
market, establishing our solution. And obviously, there were 
certain holes that we had to fill in terms of providing the best 
[Technical Difficulty] [0:13:29]. But the previous year was more 

 
about establishing ourselves. The market itself is quite large and 
it's growing. 
 
Right now, I'll say against the pharmaceutical market is the 
addressable market. [Technical Difficulty] [0:13:56]. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Shiva, I think there's a problem at your end. I suggest you connect 
from the phone. In the meanwhile, we'll take the next question 
until Shiva can join back in. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yeah. I have a sub question regarding, what would be the market 
size for this Track and Trace currently? And a sub-question would 
be, regarding the revenue and the cost front, are we adding the 
Track and Trace solution to the revenue at the start of whenever 
sales are done or it's more like a Software-as-a-Service model and 
initially the cost of production or cost regarding the employee cost 
or software would be higher? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. I'm just logging in again from my phone, so just admit me in.  
 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, I wanted to understand regarding what would be the 
addressable market for this segment? And what would be the rate 
at which it... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. Sorry about that, guys. I just got disconnected out there. Can 
you hear me now? I hope this is... 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. So the market is quite large in terms of the Track and Trace. 
We estimate it to be about ₹400-odd crores as of right now. Like I 
said, it's mainly geared towards the pharmaceutical sector and 
certain other regulated sectors. So there are certain things like 
agrochemicals which include fertilisers, but especially pesticides 
and seeds which are also governed under this. And now even one, 
two other new sectors like explosives and some other types of 
things have come under this category. 
 
So I'm apologising again because I don't know why I'm having 
these speaker related issues, or with my mic, now I'm just 
connecting from my phone. So the market is there. And definitely, 
we are expecting a significant traction because we had a good 
response last year. We were implementing some projects, and I 
think that was more of a proving ground that we had to do with 
some major customers. Now the type of pipeline that we have is 
significantly better than what we had. And more importantly, our 
experience and our understanding of the market is much better. 
 
And like I said, we have highly differentiated solutions compared 
to the four existing providers. And obviously, I'm going to wait for 

 
us to maybe have some more sales. I need to speak also to some 
customers to see if we can disclose anything because these are all 
confidential projects when we work on these types of things, but 
we've got a good platform there. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, on the revenue model, sir, this ₹400 crore market size, is this 
only the equipment market or equipment plus the software part of 
it? And a sub question would be, how are we pricing this? Are we 
adding whatever solution or software that we are going to provide 
in Track and Trace at the start of the sales on whatever equipment 
plus whatever cost is there? Or it will be more of a Software-as-a-
Service model and that will help us in margins going forward? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So there are two components to this. There's an equipment 
component. Obviously, as you know, our primary business to 
supply the printers. So obviously, there's the printers, there's vision 
systems, there are some certain types of mechanical conveyor 
systems, injection rejection mechanisms, also some agglomeration 
so that the primary is connected to the secondary is connected to 
the tertiary. So in certain cases, this whole situation can be more 
complex. It all depends on the production line that the customer 
has. 
 
So when you're talking about ₹400 crores to ₹500 crores, that's the 
size, including the equipment. And over time, the software part of 
that business is increasing. So I mean, this is just an estimate of 
mine because, again ACG is the biggest in this business as other 
businesses, OPTEL is a global provider. So this is our estimation 
of what the business size is. But it's growing. And this is in India. 
 
Essentially, what happens when you sell a piece of equipment or 
this thing, you sell the software with it. And then you charge for 
the software on a per code basis, or per print basis, like a per QR 
code basis or you charge on an AMC for the line for the year. So 
that normally depends on the production that's there on that line, 
but also the amount of what the cost of that specific line is. 
 
So you can say in general, if you sell a line for ₹100, normally the 
AMC charge would be ₹15 to ₹20, would be the software charges, 
which would be a recurring charge after the first year. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Just a final question from my end. Regarding the losses that 
we have been incurring in our subsidiaries, should we expect that 
₹4 crores to ₹5 crores per quarter to be the bottom number or and 
going forward, it should improve? Or how should we see this 
going forward? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So like I said, in the original platform we had discussed the 
packaging business. So the losses are largely in the packaging 
business. The Track and Trace would have a relatively much 

 
smaller type of an investment, and that's happening in India. That's 
not happening at a consolidated level. That's a sort of different 
business platform compared to what we are doing right now. 
 
And definitely, we are expecting like I said, it was like a two-year 
plan for turnaround. I do want to say that we bought the company 
on, I think March 24 in 2024. So literally, we just bought at the 
beginning of the year. And it's taken some time for us to just get 
the operations to a normal set of operations. 
 
I do see that we've got a better type of a pipeline and growth there. 
That's going to take some more time to turn around. What we are 
doing is we're getting a better results, a set of results that we're 
expecting this year, but we're going to continue investing in that 
business. I'm expecting that the operational losses will come down. 
But what we're going to do is we're going to try to be focusing on 
scaling up that business. So in terms of a cash flow situation, it 
might not be any different. 
 
But in terms of operational losses, I think we lost about or the 
losses, Jaideep is on the call. Jaideep, you can answer this, but I 
think it was about ₹20 crores approximately, if I remember in the 
year gone by. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So we definitely expect that to reduce over the course of the year, 
like if you look at the overall annual basis. Right now we have to 
understand that we are selling more machines and the machine 
sales and the revenue associated with that is sort of lumpy. So 
that's a bit up and down in terms of what sort of profits we derive 
from that. But as the number of machines increases and these 
machines get online, then the materials business will be a 
stabilising factor in that business. 
 
But so far, what's happened is that the machines we sold, we've 
been taking a long time to sort of dispatch them and install them. 
So we've sold one machine which we just installed in the Middle 
East, like I think about a month ago. We've got two more 
machines, one which is just commissioned right now in India. 
We've got a third machine which has been sold, but about six 
months ago, but we've not been able to dispatch. It's been shipped, 
but it's not being delivered and installed. 
 
So what's going to happen is as these machines start working, we 
should also start getting some materials business. Of course, that's 
a lower margin, but it will stabilise that situation as and when we 
get more and more machines installed. So we're expecting better 
results definitely than last year. But on a cash flow basis, we might 

 
continue investing in that business and most likely our call. There 
are lot of things that we still need to build out, out there. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Just a final question… 
 
Moderator: 
Madhur, may I request you to rejoin the queue please. We'll take 
the next question from Saket Kapoor. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. When you mentioned that the 
burn rate will be closer to this ₹20 crores, ₹25 crores, but what 
should be the revenue quantum that we can expect from, I think so 
this year, there has not been a major change. It is I think so the 
employee cost and the other overhead costs that are hitting the 
bottom line. So if you could just give us some colour how that 
performance is going to be? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
One second, Saketji, just hold on to this question. For Second 
question, just wait for two minutes. But just if you can repeat this 
question because it wasn't clear to me, something about the 
overheads of the operational expenses? Are you talking for the 
standalone business or the consolidated business? 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Only for the consol part. How do we analyse revenue generation in 
the consol part for the current year. You are telling that we can 
curtail the losses or curtail the burn rate to ₹20 crores, but what 
would be the revenue pie looking like for the consol business? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, no. So I think that we are maybe going to slightly increase the 
expenses in terms of employee expenses on a consolidated basis, 
but we expect the revenue growth to kick in to some extent. And 
obviously, the margin on that revenue should be good, and that 
should help curtail the consolidated losses. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And secondly to the Track and Trace solution part of the 
story? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So just to get the first thing, we're not really trying to reduce the 
amount of people and cost further from what we have right now. 
We're not trying to increase it massively. It might increase by two, 
three people here and there, but not overall. But like I said, what 
we are looking at is to grow the revenues, and that's what we're 
expecting to see this year on a consolidated basis. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. The Track and Trace solution part of the story is totally 
domestic. That is we are catering to the coding business where it's 
an addition to what we are doing in terms of the consumable 
supply. Is that understanding correct for the Track and Trace 
solution business?  
 

 
Shiva Kabra: 
No. I wouldn't say it's part of our coding business. It's definitely a 
separate division of vertical for us and is viewed differently by the 
customers because for them, software expertise, integration 
expertise, printing expertise and vision system expertise, all four 
are equally critical for them. And of course, it's a compliance-
based business. So to understand the entire compliance angle, 
especially in pharmaceuticals is quite important for them. 
 
So I think that the fact that we have mastery of the printing 
element is a good selling point, but it's not a necessary point. I 
don't think people are interested in taking the solutions from 
Domino, Videojet, Markem or Control Print if the overall package 
is not strong. 
 
So to understand, it is, what we're giving in terms of the printing is 
definitely one part of that solution, but it's not a sufficient aspect 
for the customer to think. It's not a part of the coding and marking 
business. It's a separate business. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
It is not a part of the package to the customers who we are 
supplying the printers and the consumable? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, no, definitely not. There's a lot of elements to that specific type 
of installation. So it's way too complicated for most customers to 
look at. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And here the market size is ₹400 crores, that is the total target 
market? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
₹400 crores to ₹500 crores. So most of it is, because some part of it 
is equipment and then some part of it is now a lot of people have 
an installed base. So they also have a certain number of AMCs and 
software charges coming from the number of lines they've 
installed. So this is our estimation of what the business size is. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct, and now coming to the... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Maybe ₹400 crores, but it could be bigger than that also because 
we don't have the exact disclosed figures from our competitors, 
especially for the Indian market only. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to conclude for the Track and Trace part. So taking into 
account the groundwork that we have done and taking into that 
ballpark number to say ₹400 crores, ₹500 crores, what are we 
eyeing in terms of our market share in terms of top line in, say, two 
to three years down the line, where do we think our company will 
be placed in this segment? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So like I said, there are four major players, which on a technology 
basis, there are even other secondary players, but I wouldn't say 

 
like, and they've got a good sales. But I wouldn't say that their 
technology platform is the same. So like I said, ACG, Associated 
Capsules Group, which is a well-known company in India, and it's 
a very good company, is the biggest player in this business, then 
Jekson Vision, OPTEL and PharmaSecure. So the four of them are 
in this, four good competitors. 
 
Like I said, we need to prove technological superiority in our 
solution with additional benefits to the customers versus these 
four. And that's what our focus has been in the previous year. For 
that, we've also had to do certain more development works on 
other types of things to make sure that our solution has a sufficient 
benefit, because you have to understand that today, I'm just giving 
you an idea of course, like a name. 
 
But suppose say Dr. Reddy's or Cipla has machines from a 
supplier. He's not going to change a compliance-based thing for 
like a saving of 20% on the equipment normally or 25%. There's 
going to be something bigger as a delta for him to move and 
evaluate a new supplier and then integrate that new supplier into 
his line and his systems because everything is connected to his 
ERP, his software and his compliance also. 
 
So for us it's more about creating that sort of delta in terms of 
giving the customer that we are targeting like a much superior 
solution and sort of taking them away from compliance into 
different areas where we can serve their requirements. 
 
So I think last year was a proving and an understanding of what we 
can do and also certain developments that we had to do in the last 
1.5 years to actually make our solution better. We're still doing 
certain developments, but now I think we've got certain areas or 
certain platforms, which we can definitely scale up and which have 
a clear edge compared to the four major competitors in this 
business. 
 
So it's difficult to see two, three years down the line, because we 
believe we've got something superior. We're working with some 
customers. We need to install it, prove it. And if people are getting 
a sort of strong ROI and they see that visibility, then people will 
definitely pick it up in a strong way going forward. And if they 
don't see that, then yeah, we still got a good solution, but then 
we're just like another supplier, and we'll still do okay, but it's not 
going to be like a fun business. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
I got your point. I was looking for the feedback from the V-Shapes 
packaging part also. What are we eyeing in terms of the current 
market? And in this, in the supply chain, what are the key raw 
materials? And how are we aligning the raw material supply chain 
for the same? 

 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So in the Packaging business, we are still working on 
stabilising that. Like I said that we need a two year plan to stabilise 
that business. I think in the Track and Trace, definitely, we should 
see that we are coming to that level of maturity and this thing. In 
the V-Shapes business, definitely we've got some good solutions. 
We continue to develop the platform, and we've got our newer 
products that we've developed in the meantime. 
 
Now as far as single dose packaging goes monodose, there's a huge 
market for it. So this is a much, much bigger market than the 
coding and marking business that we are in. But we've got also a 
highly premium product and it's differentiated. Now the question is 
whether it's also more expensive. So, it depends on the customers 
who want a premium package. For them it's a benefit that might be 
there. But the ₹2 or ₹5 ketchup and shampoo is not really going to 
probably benefit from what we are offering. 
 
So right now, what we're doing is we're just trying to create more 
of a market. I think the basic knowledge and awareness of our 
product is extremely low. So I don't even now study those 4 Ps of 
marketing and all that very long over. The thing is right now we 
just need to reach out to a lot more people. We need more 
marketing presence in terms of helping that create our growth. So 
like the awareness needs to increase. 
 
Most customers are not even aware that there is a solution like this. 
Those customers are aware might not be aware that it's a serious 
industrial solution that can operate at high speeds and high 
volumes and can compete directly with single use packaging of 
stuff like thermoform or tubes or glass bottles or of course, sachets 
and stuff like that. 
 
So right now, in terms of the marketing, we've got some 
salespeople in place. We've got certain other things in the 
marketing that we're working on at a ground level in terms of like 
just websites, SEO, other types of things that we need to increase 
upon, like our own presentations and so on. And we have to target 
very focused market. So because the cost point is higher, we're 
targeting more things like nutraceuticals, honey, stuff where it's not 
a very cheap product. So people can afford to spend slightly more 
on the packaging if it's premium and it's giving them that type of 
visibility, like, maybe cosmetics, serums, things like that, 
moisturisers rather than standard shampoo, the ₹2 shampoo. 
 
So there is a market. And definitely, we have had a few sales as 
they get installed and we see more products coming to the market. 
I'm hoping that that itself will create like more awareness. So the 
main thing I think is to sell more will help us sell more, so the 

 
initial part is always the more difficult aspect. Like each stage in 
the beginning is a lot more effort. 
 
What we can do and we're working on is to try to see if for some 
reason our lead times and other things always seem to be a 
bottleneck, we need to reduce that. So from the time we get an 
order to the time we customise the machine for those specific 
products to the time it's delivered and installed, that time is 
reduced. So the faster the end product comes out of the market, the 
more the awareness of our package will be. 
 
And again, these machines are, again, manufactures are similar to 
our printers. They're much bigger. There's a lot more mechanical 
aspects to them, whereas we use more hydraulics. So there's a lot 
of stuff going on in there. It's a pretty sophisticated type of a 
machine. Parts are purchased, some are machine, some are this 
thing, a lot of them are custom made. And then a lot of electronics 
is purchased from standard guys like Siemens and those types of 
people, drives and so on. So there is a bunch of stuff. Some of it is 
there. The programming is what makes it work in the specific way 
that we require. There's not like that many custom suppliers that 
we rely upon. 
 
And as far as the materials go, that's still something that we are 
working on. That's also been a bottleneck for us. Our core material 
got an aluminium layer in it for a perfect barrier. We are trying to 
work very aggressively to come with a sort of recyclable material. 
We've done pilot projects on that and it's working well, it seems. 
And if that is the case, then we need to try to scale it up. 
 
So definitely one of the big issues in this business is that, suppose, 
for a 10 ml packet, if the cost of the packaging is ₹2, and if we can 
reduce it to ₹1, which is our longer term target, then the 
addressable market can increase quite significantly. And the other 
thing we need to do is go from a non-recyclable to a recyclable 
package. So those are the two aims in terms of the materials 
specifically. And we're doing other developments in the longer 
term also for biodegradable and other types of things for other 
things. But this is the immediate target in this year. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
I'll join the queue for core business question. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Saket. We'll take the next question from Manan 
Shah. Please go ahead. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question was for the 
Track and Trace and the QRiousCodes part of the business. I 
believe one of the problems that we solve through this business is 
counterfeits. And there is a big luxury market which faces this 
problem. So you spoke on the pharma side for this business, but 

 
what are your thoughts on exploring, or are we exploring or do we 
have a solution for this part of the business where there is already a 
problem for which we have a solution? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So Manan, what we are doing is, one of the things I discussed in 
terms of a differentiated technology platform. What we're targeting 
very aggressively is, one of the things is the anti-counterfeiting 
platform and also the supply chain management at a different level. 
So we want to give those additional options to our customers along 
with, of course, meeting all the compliance requirements from L1 
to L5. So that's not an issue. 
 
But in terms of, to be honest, the only market we've really explored 
is the pharmaceutical market. The only other markets that we're 
exploring are where Control Print itself is operating. And we're 
also telling some of our customers in other businesses like 
plywood or cable and wire that we do have such a solution. Price 
points are very different expected amounts people are willing to 
pay in pharmaceutical is very different than what it is in other 
types of businesses and customers. 
 
So right now, to be honest, I'd say like 90% plus of the effort is in 
the pharmaceutical business. It could be that we can explore other 
areas. And I think definitely luxury cosmetics, luxury goods in 
general could be an area, as of right now, because pharmaceutical 
is regulated, they have to do it and they are looking for solutions. 
Considering the amount of bandwidth we have, we've not been 
focusing on creating new categories right now. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And my next question was on the V-Shapes 
business. I believe our capacity over there is approximately 40 
units per annum. So if you can highlight how many units have we 
sold last year? And at what sort of sale do we breakeven? And I 
mean, to understand, what are the levers to breakeven? Is it 
primarily the sales that will help us breakeven? Or there are other 
levers to the business which can help us breakeven over there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. In terms of the capacity of what we do in V-Shapes, it really 
depends on the types of machines we are selling. It could be as few 
as like 15 all the way up to 40. It depends on whether it's a 
standard twin, what we call the Prime Duo, the Nexo machine right 
now. Or is it something more customised. So if there's a 
pharmaceutical machine, then everything has to be purchased 
individually from the beginning. So the whole process becomes 
significantly longer. 
 
To answer your specific question in terms of the sales, we sold 
three machines last year, out of which none were installed last 
year, because of some delays in supplies from our side and so on 
because we just need to get some things, it took us six months to 

 
get things stabilised before we could really start focusing on sales 
on the other side. So we sold most of the machines towards the 
back end of last year. I can't tell you what's happening in this year, 
of course, and I'll keep you updated as and when we do more 
things. 
 
Also depends on what sort of mix of models our machines are sold 
and then also how many machines are running and the materials. 
So I think we have like about, Jaideep, I mean I think we did 
calculation, we have like 60 or 70 machines, or maybe less or 
more. But I think something like that of the Twin Prime, the 
smaller machines, we have like 60, 70 of them, I think we should 
be breakeven on the material business. Obviously, what we've said 
on the machines will be an additional revenue and additional 
margin. 
 
So it's a combination business. We do make more money on the 
machines than we make on the materials. But then the materials is 
something that would be used year-by-year. So the margins and the 
volume margin is higher on the machine upfront. But the material 
would be like a consistent, I mean, over the next eight, 10, 12, 15 
years for this machine life and that would be like of a consistent 
that we would get from that. 
 
Manan Shah: 
So you're saying, just to summarise that, we breakeven at around 
60 to 70 units, right? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I'm saying of the small type of machine. Now what happened 
like last year, we sold two big machines. So one big machine is 
about, say like it gives you about 2.5x to 3x the usage of the small 
machine. So what I'm trying to say is like it really depends on 
where we are selling again and what the thing is. So I'm trying to 
like standardise everything. So I'm talking about the 2-track 
machine, but we've sold like two 8-track machines and one 2-track 
machine. 
 
So the 8-track machine normally gives you at least about 2.5x to 
3x the amount of business as the small machine. And it's only 
bought by customers who have products which are running 
continuously. So in a way that you could also consider equal to 
selling six small machines because one machine you've sold and 
the two big machines would be worth like, according to me, five 
small machines. So it's a combination. As and when we get a better 
idea of the breakup of the bigger machines and the smaller 
machine, we can keep you posted on that. 
 
Manan Shah: 
And we also provide co-packing services under this segment. So 
any success on that side or…? 
 

 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So we have some customers that we are doing it, including 
like I think some people see like Bombay Shaving, of course. Like 
I'm only saying this name because he himself has put it on his own 
X and Twitter and other handle, we never disclose a customer. So I 
think Bombay Shaving is supplying it to Taj and some other 
hotels. So that's also like something we're looking at keenly 
because that will get more awareness for this. 
 
But in general, I'll be very honest, like, we are not very fond of co-
packing services. It's something that we're just doing because we 
have to give samples and do certain things for the customer. And 
that's why I think somebody asked for something about the work in 
progress. And so the reason we created some additional space in 
Nalagarh, so that we can have like a license facility to pack foods 
and cosmetics and so that we can just do this co-packaging, but 
that's separate from our main coding and marking factory. 
 
But, yes, so it's something we do, but it's more from the view of 
that it's sampling, it's other things. If you keep coming to me 
month-after-month, I'll be like you got to buy your own machine 
and make your own arrangements. So it's definitely part of what 
we have to do to help popularise the product, but it's not really our 
main focus, because we're not like the contract manufacturer, so to 
say. It's part of the -- but we need to do it to help popularise the 
product. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Got it. Understood. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Manan. We'll take the next question from Bhargav 
Buddhadev. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Yeah, good afternoon. And congrats on a good performance. My 
first question is on the standalone business. So if I look at the 
printer installed base as on FY '20, it was about 12,000 and now 
we are closing in at 21,000. So we've had a consistent 10% to 11% 
CAGR in terms of the printer base. But if I look at the gross 
margins in the stand-alone business, we have seen sort of some 
pressure on the gross margins. So if we look at raw material cost as 
a percentage of revenue, in 2020, it was about 27% and now it is 
about 42%. So how should we look at gross margins? Are we 
facing some competitive pressure, which is resulting in this gross 
margin being under pressure? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So like I said, in general, we don't change our margins at all, 
Bhargav. So what happens is our product selling prices and our 
margins about fixed. Now what happened last year, I do think the 
rupee depreciated against the dollar. Two, three of our things that 
we buy from Taiwan and one, two other countries besides the U.S. 
itself are linked to the dollar. So there might have been some slight 
cost increases. I think the rupee was a little bit down last year. 

 
We'll take counter measures this year in terms of some price 
increases and certain other things. 
 
But, yeah, so normally, what happens is we meet like once a year 
or twice a year as a set of managers. And when we meet, then only 
we go ahead with certain other types of strategic decisions like 
price increases and stuff. But so we normally maintain our margins 
throughout and it's about close to 60%. Now what happens is 
sometimes there's a different set of product mixes. Continuous 
Inkjet Printers have the highest margins and also our Piezo 
printers. Some of the other printers have lower gross margins, but 
then they require less cost in terms of selling and servicing them. 
 
So when we do really look at it on a net basis, there's not that much 
difference. But on a gross basis, there may be some variations of 
the same. So it could be that the product mix has changed, I think 
to look at this very closely what you're talking about. But in 
general, for every individual product line, we don't reduce our 
gross margins, or we don't increase them either. We keep them as 
it is. 
 
If there's a major change, it will be because of product mix. 
Sometimes there's some temporary change. Again, I don't know, 
2020, is that the COVID year also you're talking about 
specifically? 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Yeah, I mean just three months of COVID. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I'm not again very sure what would happen in that year. So I'll 
have to look at over a longer trend line. But in general, about 60% 
overall gross margin is what the company targets. And we are 
normally somewhere close to that. I mean, Jaideep, you are here, if 
you can give some better idea on this? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So for the cost of goods sold, I mean, since 2022, we are 
remaining constant at 41%, 40%. So this year also we are just 
about 40% for '24, '25. It's similar to the line of last year and the 
year before last. So that kind of consistency we are maintaining. 
And again, as Shiva has rightly put up is that it also depends on the 
product mix. I mean the higher the number of consumables if we 
sell, obviously, the profitability is going to be higher. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
And the product mix in terms of the line of printers. Different 
printers have different gross margins although the net works out 
similar. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And secondly, do we share what is the revenue run rate in the 
Track and Trace business? Because I see about ₹20 crores, ₹22 
crores is the burn, which we are doing in the subsidiaries. So if we 
are not sharing that number, just wanted to know what's the 

 
guidance on this burn rate? Will we see reduction or will it stay 
around these levels for the next two years? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Bhargav, the Track and Trace division is part of Control Print 
stand-alone. So you'll not see it in any subsidiary. The subsidiary 
that you're talking about, is that ICIPL? Can you just repeat which 
subsidiary you're seeing in there? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
He's talking about the V-Shapes thing, about the burn rate of ₹20 
crores he's saying. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, yeah. So that's in the packaging business. That has nothing 
to do with the Track and Trace business. The Track and Trace 
losses were part of Control Print standalone. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Is it possible to highlight what is the loss in the Track and Trace 
business? Do you share that or you don't share it? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
No, we don't give divisional performance. It's part of our internal 
MIS. So divisional performance we don't give. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
But revenue run rate, monthly run rate or yearly run rate, do we 
have some idea or not? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Bhargav, at the moment, we are not mandated to give a segment-
wise analysis at the moment. So when the time comes, we'll 
definitely give in our financial statements. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sure. And this burn rate, is there a possibility of reduction or we'll 
stay at about ₹20 crores, ₹22 crores? V-Shapes? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I just answered that. I think that as the revenues increase this 
year, we would expect that we should reduce that operational loss 
significantly. But we don't know exactly where we're going to end 
up. I think it's like May end or something. So as we know in the 
next 10 months, I think we should, like I said, even what we sold 
last year will definitely help contribute this year because it's just I 
mean, out of three machines, one just like literally started a month, 
1.5 months ago and one is under installation, one is going to be 
installed in another month from now. 
 
So some things that we need to improve here. Obviously, as we 
sell more machines, that will give us some more revenue and that 
will also give us a more consistent aftermarket business of the 
materials, which will be a consistent earning. But, yeah, I think we 
are expecting, in general, we've got the cost platform that we need 
largely, like I said, across all our subsidiaries, including CP Italy. 
 
But we might add one or two people just more on the sales or 
marketing side, we don't need anywhere else across Markprint, 

 
Codeology, CP Italy or elsewhere. Even in the Track and Trace we 
might just add one or two more sales guys, if we feel that we get 
the right type of fit. So we've got some people, we might add that 
one or two people to help just give us an extra thrust if we feel we 
get that right type of person. 
 
Other than that we're not going to see any major cost increases, 
unless there's some unforeseen issues that happen. So in that case, 
as we sell more, we should get some more operational leverage and 
the SG&A will be spread over a bigger revenue base. So the gross 
margins would really flow in to reducing the losses. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Thank you very much and all the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Bhargav. We'll take the next question from Gaurav. 
Gaurav, please go ahead. 
 
Gaurav: 
I just have three relatively basic questions, I'm slightly new to the 
business. Do you all share, or maybe could you give us an 
indicative sense of gross margin, let's say, across different 
verticals, whether it's consumables or printers? And the reason I'm 
asking this is going back to Bhargav's question, let's say in FY '18, 
'19, our gross margins were almost north of 65% with a lower 
consumables mix. And today, that's a lot lower with a higher 
consumables mix. So just trying to understand how do we think 
about gross margins, let's say, on a three, five year basis? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I just said, I think overall, we're targeting about 60% overall. 
There was a certain period, which again I'm not sure which year 
you are referring to, where from Guwahati, we were getting certain 
additional benefits from manufacturing out there, okay? So that 
boosted our gross margins because we were getting certain tax 
benefits that we should accumulate straight to the bottom line or 
pan our gross margin up further. 
 
We still get some, but then the amount reduced quite sharply at 
2018, 2019 or something like that. So we got some benefit for a 
couple of years and then it reduced. So like that could have been a 
change. Again, I will say that at a certain point of time, CIG was 
like 85% of our business and Valvejet was, so I'd say like till about 
five years ago, LCP, Valvejet and CIG was probably like 90% of 
our business. 
 
So as a result, the margins were high because even though we have 
like had theoretically six or seven products, we never actually 
really focused on selling the Thermal Transfer or the Thermal 
Inkjet or even the Piezo for that matter, whereas now they are 
forming a significant part of our growth. So those issues could be 
there. Like I said, in every individual product line, we don't change 
the margins. And if there are certain cost increases or certain other 

 
types of things that happen, we normally also would increase the 
prices in proportion. 
 
But in general, our overall target, we expect from the mix of 
products that we are selling, it should be about 60%. Like I said, 
different product groups have different margins. But on an overall 
basis, like I said, certain product groups also have lower 
operational costs. So on a net basis, we think that everything would 
be the same. 
 
Gaurav: 
Got it. And just second question was on the consumables 
component, like, let's say, ink, any example you want to take over 
there. Just trying to understand how pricing has moved? So let's 
say, on a per cartridge or a per litre basis, just given that the 
business is very sticky, is this a segment where you can take, let's 
say, 5% to 7% annual price hikes? Or I'm just trying to understand 
how pricing moves in that segment? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So some of our competitors have been a bit more aggressive in 
terms of increasing prices than us. I think I've disclosed that in the 
past. And there's now, I'd say, more of a pricing gap between, a 
little bit of a pricing gap between our three competitors and us. So 
far we've not taken a very aggressive stance on that because we are 
getting a fair volume growth. And like I said, last year the Rupee 
depreciated, so this year we're probably looking at some sort of a 
price increase. 
 
So in general, it's been more for us, genuinely if we feel the costs 
have increased, that's when we've gone for a price increase. We've 
not really used it as a revenue lever. It's something we need to 
discuss internally, whether we need to do that. And like you're 
right, so the product is sort of inelastic, sticky, but it's not being 
used so far by us. 
 
So it's something we need to discuss deeply inside, I think as a 
strategy, if this is a method we want to go down or not. But if there 
are cost increases, we normally pass them on with a little bit of a 
lag. So sometimes you might see the margin dropping 1%, 1.5% 
and then it comes back because sometimes like in the COVID 
time, there was a certain cost increases. 
 
And this thing, I think because the rupee depreciates a little bit 
unexpectedly compared to what we expected, prices increase a 
little bit and then we'll recapture that by some price increases. So 
it's more like in line. It's not a fundamental way of increasing our 
margins and revenue, but it's more to capture like a justified cost 
increase on our side. 
 

 
Gaurav: 
Got it. So I mean, it's fair to imply from that, that there is a fair 
pricing umbrella that you all can still work towards in terms of 
working upwards versus where your direct peers are? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Compared to them, yes, compared to them. 
 
Gaurav: 
Got it. And just my last question. Again, partly I'm approaching 
this with less context. But it seems like there are a few businesses 
which are in an investment phase like V-Shapes and let's say, 
Track and Trace over the next few years, next one or two years. 
And then there's a core marking and coding business, which is 
quite stable. So you've mentioned that you'll probably give this 
investment phase maybe one to two years more and then sort of 
decide as to where we go from there. 
 
So let's say, if we were three to four years out from now, and 
you've decided to keep some businesses, invest in others, etc. How 
should the business look as it, what is the bare minimum in terms 
of how do you think the business should look in terms of size and 
margins once you've made those decisions and where let's say, a 
few years out from now? Thanks. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I mean a few years out from now it's very difficult to predict. So 
like I said, in the core Track and Trace business, I mean, rather 
core coding and marking business, we've got a history of what that 
business is like. And we know that the industry is going to grow at 
about 9%, 10%, 11%. 
 
Let's take it as 10%. We believe we've got a slightly better product 
mix. So we should do 10%, maybe a bit more. And we've done that 
over the last two, three, four years or something like that. So 
hopefully, we can continue that. And like I think, it's not only that, 
we've got more digital printing things. We've integrated some of 
the Markprint products, some of the technology in India, certain 
other types of things that we've done. So we are also advancing on 
that front. 
 
We've done a lot of innovation in the highways. We have some 
three key patterns in the Thermal Inkjet and we've come out with a 
new product, which is not going to be successful because the ink 
development is still not complete, but we would have a leading 
edge product if we did have the ink developed in time. 
 
So we're definitely doing our investment in the coding and 
marking business on the core side. But these are R&D expenses 
that we were taking anyways and we're just continuing them. So 
we're still trying to maintain our competitiveness in that business 
and try to grow a bit faster. 
 

 
As far as the other businesses, like I said, I think we are working 
on a platform of technological superiority and that's what we want 
to establish both in the Track and Trace. We're also like a premium 
player compared to the other players that I mentioned. So what we 
need to do is we need to offer a sufficient delta of at least 30% plus 
in terms of value to the end customer for him to consider changing 
platforms from what he's using right now to us. 
 
And in terms of the packaging business, again, like I said right 
now the market awareness of this product is very low. Obviously, 
it was fundamentally my decision to look at this thing and invest in 
it. And I think that there's a massive scope in it. But like I said, we 
are still in the early stages and we are struggling and we are 
working to make things run smoothly. And my focus or what 
Control Print is bringing, of course, we've got some differentiated 
technology. We've got some other stuff. 
 
And especially in the packaging business what we feel is we know 
how to make a business run smoothly and scale it up consistently, 
especially if it's a technology-based business. And that's sort of the 
type of management that we want to -- and that type of a process-
driven skill that we want to bring in into that packaging business. 
But in the end, these are markets that are slightly different than 
which I've been working in personally or even some of the other 
people. 
 
So it's very difficult for us to give a view from three, four, five 
years out. But I think in the coding and marking business, we are 
quite confident that things should work smoothly. Like I said, in 
other things, we're still building out. And honestly, even if we are 
successful in building out, that just means we've got to continue 
reinvesting and building out because right now, even in the 
packaging business, the only places we are targeting is some part 
of, half of Europe and India. So we've not even got our marketing 
act together outside of that where actually it's a global business. 
 
So even in the Track and Trace business, the idea would be if we 
can prove it in India, we can again take that solution elsewhere to 
certain other geographies and see whether we can exploit that. But 
if we're not able to do it here where customers know us and they 
give us a better reception, then it's going to be difficult for us to do 
it elsewhere. 
 
Gaurav: 
Got it. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Since we are running short of time, we'll take 
the last question from the line of Deven Kulkarni. 
 
Deven Kulkarni: 
So can you share the split of like printer revenue, consumable 
revenue for this quarter? 

 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
For this quarter, the breakup between printers, consumables, spares 
and service is 14%, 58%, 11%, 16%. 
 
Deven Kulkarni: 
Okay. Thank you. And how many printers did we sell in this 
quarter? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
836. 
 
Deven Kulkarni: 
Okay. Got it. And last year this number was 630? The number of 
printers sold in Q4 of FY '24? Yes. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
It was actually more. It was 868. 
 
Deven Kulkarni: 
Okay, fine. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Deven. Since that was the last question, I would 
request the management to give their closing comments, please. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thank you everybody for joining on the call. Shiva? 
 
Moderator: 
Shiva, would you like to? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, absolutely. Thanks, everyone. A lot of great questions. A bit 
surprising because I think more questions on the Track and Trace 
and the QRiousCodes business and the Packaging business than 
the core coding business. But yes, I think if there are certain things 
that people would want us to put up, I think we'll try to add those 
additional details. We have a pretty extensive ERP, so we get a lot 
of data. 
 
So if people need some specific questions then we feel it is not 
compromising our secrecy or our competitiveness, then we are 
glad to share that. So thanks everyone for joining. I really 
appreciate your time, that too during the working hours, and best 
wishes. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thank you, everybody. Yes, thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you to the management and thank you to all the participants 
for joining this conference call. You may all disconnect now. 
Thank you. 
 
 
