 
June 12, 2025 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
           To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings Call-Financial Results for the quarter and Year ended 
March 31, 2025   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of earnings call held on Friday, June 06, 
2025, with respect to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and Year ended March 
31, 2025.   
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Khyati Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
KHYATI 
NISHIL 
SHAH
Digitally signed 
by KHYATI 
NISHIL SHAH 
Date: 
2025.06.12 
18:25:12 +05'30'

 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
June 06, 2025 
 
Call Duration 
• 
39 minutes and 37 seconds 
Management 
Attendees 
• 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
• 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships 
• 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during 
Q&A session 
• 
Shweta – Arihant Capital Markets 
• 
Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital 
• 
Amit – H. G. Hawa and Company 
• 
Tushar Parekh – Natvarlal Mangaldas and Company 
• 
Harshit – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allied Digital 
Services Limited Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will remain in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I would now like to hand the call to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India for 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us on Allied Digital Services Limited's Earnings Call for the 4th Quarter 
and Financial Year ended 31st March 2025. 
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah – CMD, Mr. Ramanan 
Ramanathan – Global Head (Strategy) responsible for Growth, 
Innovation and Partnerships, Mr. Nehal Shah – Whole Time Director, 
Mr. Paresh Shah – Global CEO and Mr. Gopal Tiwari – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
We will begin with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah who will cover the 
recent developments across the business, followed by Mr. Gopal 
Tiwari who will walk us through the financial highlights. Thereafter, 
Mr. Paresh Shah will discuss the operational performance and order 
wins, post which we will open the call for a Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that certain statements 
made on today's call could be forward-looking in nature and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings documents 
that have been shared with you earlier. 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah for his Opening 
Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Mit. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today. I hope you have had a chance to review the earnings 
material we shared earlier. 
We are pleased to report a strong performance for FY ’25 with 
consolidated revenues reaching Rs. 807 crore at 17% year-on-year 
growth and the highest annual revenue in our company's history. This 
milestone underscores the robust execution capabilities and the 
growing demand for our digital transformation services across 
geographies. 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 16 
The Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of 30% for FY ’25 
amounting to Rs. 1.5 per share of face value Rs. 5. This is subject to 
shareholders' approval at the upcoming AGM.  
Our India operations continue to lead our growth trajectory with 
standalone revenues rising 21% quarterly growth year-over-year. This 
was driven by strong momentum in both the enterprise and the 
government segments, particularly through Smart City initiatives. We 
are proud to play a strategic role in India's digital transformation 
journey.  
Notably, our domestic business surpassed the Rs. 300 crore mark 
this year, reflecting its depth and resilience. Internationally, we are 
seeing encouraging signs of recovery. Enterprise clients in the U.S. 
are re-engaging with greater conviction, while EMEA and other global 
markets are contributing steadily to our diversified revenue base.  
From a geographical standpoint, the U.S. showed improved traction, 
helping drive a 8% year-on-year increase in revenues from the ROW 
segment. The Indian business continued its momentum, reporting a 
28% year-on-year growth.  
Segment wise, our services business grew by 9% year-on-year, while 
solutions revenue rose by 58%. As many of you know, the Solutions 
segment often serves as a pipeline for our Services business, which 
generates recurring revenue and provides long-term stability.  
We recorded order intake exceeding Rs. 133 crore this quarter, further 
strengthening our order book. Over the past few quarters, consistent 
high-quality wins have helped us build a more diversified portfolio, 
enhancing our long-term growth visibility. Paresh Shah, our global 
CEO, will share more on this shortly.  
A key highlight in the current quarter, there was an additional Rs. 80 
crore order from the Pune Smart City in May 2025, following the Rs. 
430 crore win in October 2024. This brings our total engagement in 
Pune City Surveillance project to over Rs. 500 crore, reinforcing our 
leadership in the Smart City space. We are also in advanced 
discussions for another major engagement, and we will share 
updates as they materialize.  
Importantly, we are seeing an increase in the average ticket size of 
new wins, an encouraging sign of our growth value proposition, the 
trust that our clients place in us.  
Despite the challenging macroeconomic environment, including 
inflationary pressures and heightened competition, our margins have 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 16 
remained resilient. This is the result of discipline execution, 
operational efficiency and continued investment in strategic growth 
levers.  
You are aware that in FY ’25 we changed our statutory auditors upon 
the expiry of a five-year term of previous auditors in compliance with 
regulations. The new auditors have undertaken their made in detailed 
review of our financial statements for the last several years and have 
made some observations in keeping with their interpretation of the 
applicable accounting standards in order to strengthen presentation 
of our financial statements. Our CFO Gopal Tiwari will share further 
details on this exercise. 
Looking 
ahead, 
we 
remain 
cautiously 
optimistic. 
While 
macroeconomic uncertainty persists, we are encouraged by the early 
signs of recovery in discretionary spending and continuous customer 
engagement. The strong business momentum of the last three 
quarters coupled with the healthy deal pipeline, increased win rates 
position us well to deliver consistent growth in the coming quarters. 
With a more diversified portfolio, robust demand in both domestic 
and international markets and strong execution capabilities, we are 
confident in our ability to sustain the growth trajectory from FY ’26 and 
beyond. 
That's all from my side. I will now hand over to Gopal Tiwari who will 
walk you through the financials in more detail. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Thank you, Nehal, and good afternoon, everyone.  
Let me highlight some of the key financial achievements in FY ’25: 
To begin with, we are pleased to report a strong double-digit growth in 
revenue. Revenues for Q4 FY ’25 were higher by 16% year-on-year 
basis at Rs. 204 crore. For FY ’24-’25, we have reported top-line 
growth of 17% on year-on-year basis. Full year revenue of Rs. 807 
crore is the highest ever annual revenue in our history, setting a new 
benchmark in performance.  
As we informed you earlier, we had appointed new statutory auditors 
at the last AGM. This change reflects our intent to bring in fresh 
perspective and further strengthen oversight, controls and 
compliance practices. The statutory auditors in their maiden year 
have undertaken a detailed review of our financial statements for last 
several preceding years. In the course of this review, they have 
validated a large part of our statements as correctly portraying the 
financial position of the company. 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 16 
However, there have been some observations and corrections made 
by them in standalone financial statements, which I shall take you 
through.  
So, first one is in FY 2007-08, Allied Digital India had extended a loan 
to its subsidiary, Allied Inc., USA, with the intention that Allied Inc. 
would invest that amount in Allied LLC, USA. However, erroneously, 
the said amount was recorded as an investment in ADSL India books. 
This has now been rectified and reclassified to loans and advances. 
Due to this reclassification of foreign exchange gains to the extent of 
Rs. 48 crore plus pertaining to earlier periods has been recognized in 
the statement of profit and loss account during the current year.  
Further, the auditors have identified some errors in valuation of 
certain assets and liabilities pertaining to foreign exchange gains loss 
and the resultant impact of Rs. 20 odd crore has been recognized as 
a foreign exchange loss in the current year.  
Apart from that, there was an error of omission with regard to booking 
of deferred revenue for an amount of Rs. 7.5 crore, which has now 
been recognized in the financial statements and other income.  
Further loss on sale of fixed assets amounting to Rs. 7.5 crore which 
was unrecognized due to an error has now been included in other 
expenditure.  
Depreciation has increased to Rs. 15 crore in quarter FY ’25 
compared to Rs. 5 crore in FY ’24. This includes the rectification of 
incorrect estimation of useful life of certain fixed assets, which had 
resulted in short booking of depreciation to the extent of Rs. 6.9 crore. 
The aggregate effect of these rectifications has resulted in a marginal 
gain in the standalone financial statements. 
Ind AS 8 specifies that any modification correction for prior periods 
should be done in the form of restatement of financials for the earlier 
years, which requires a detailed exercise involving additional 
bandwidth and time. Keeping in mind the overall nominal impact of 
these rectifications, it was considered prudent to take effect of all the 
above rectifications in the current financial year itself.  
Coming to the consolidated financial statements, the performance 
up to the profit before tax level has remained positive. However, a 
deferred tax charge arising from these non-recurring items and higher 
current year tax has led to a negative profit after tax for the quarter 
compared to positive PAT in the Q4 of the previous year.  

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 16 
We would like to reiterate that we are working closely with our Board 
and Audit Committee to continuously upgrade our internal 
frameworks, ensuring that our corporate governance keeps pace with 
the evolving business environment and regulatory expectations. 
These steps are central to building long-term credibility and trust with 
all our stakeholders.  
Thank you so much. I will now hand it over to Mr. Paresh Shah – our 
CEO, who will take you through our order book and strategic 
initiatives in more detail.  
Paresh Shah: 
Thank you, Gopal. Good afternoon, everyone.  
Let me take you through the operational highlights for this quarter: 
We are pleased to report that Allied Digital secured over Rs. 133 crore 
in new orders and contract renewals, reinforcing the strength of our 
offerings and our growing relevance across geographies and sectors.  
Here are some of the key wins during the quarter which I am listing. 
We won a significant engagement with the publicly traded omni-
channel furniture leasing company headquartered in Plano, Texas. 
Operating across North America via retail and digital platforms, the 
client has entrusted Allied Digital to deliver 24x7 multilingual services 
support, English and Spanish, for its employees, contractors and 
vendors across the U.S., Mexico and Puerto Rico. 
Another win, we were selected by a leading British oil and gas player 
for its U.S. onshore operations in Texas and Louisiana, with a strong 
focus on high margin production, safety and emission reduction, 
Allied Digital will provide technical support services for their 
collaboration tools, meeting rooms, and audio-video platforms.  
Another noteworthy win came from a leading healthcare research 
firm pioneering treatments for severe diseases through CRISPR-
based genome editing. Allied Digital will offer digital workplace 
services including 24x7 service desk support for their clinical users 
and endpoint engineering for their end-user devices. 
On the domestic front, we secured a critical order from a major state-
owned electricity transmission company in Maharashtra. We will 
upgrade 
their 
current 
network 
by 
implementing 
SD-WAN 
infrastructure across the state reaching down to divisional office 
level, a key step in modernizing their digital backbone. 
We also received a contract from a multi-super specialty hospital in 
Gujarat, established a joint venture by leading medical professionals. 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 16 
Allied Digital will manage their facility-managed services supporting 
their day-to-day operations.  
In addition to all these, we successfully renewed multiple contracts 
across a wide range of industries including FMCG, packaging, 
factoring services, global medical devices, colorant manufacturing, 
multinational IT consulting and trade-off associations. These wins 
and renewals are a testament to our execution strength, industry 
expertise and commitment to delivering business-critical digital 
transformation across sectors.  
We are also proud of our expanding capabilities and the trust our 
clients continue to place on us. As we move ahead, we remain 
focused on innovation, operational excellence, and driving impactful 
outcomes for our stakeholders. 
With that, I will now hand it over for a Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. The first question comes from the line of Shweta 
from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is 
regarding the order book, with strong order momentum this year, 
what kind of revenue growth are we anticipating for FY ’26? And can 
you throw some light on the split between Domestic and the Rest of 
the World orders? 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Shweta, for your question. As I told in my previous calls 
also, we are leading steadily towards our Rs. 1,000 crore top-line 
revenue. And we feel and we expect maybe one quarter here or there, 
we should be on the track to reach the milestone in the next four to 
five quarters. 
 
Regarding the breakup, we are seeing there are certain large 
contracts that are there in the pipeline from international customers, 
for which we are very, very excited that we will hear some closures 
very soon. And from India perspective, we just announced the Pune 
city surveillance about four months back and we got an additional 
order on that as well, which I already spoke about. And there is a 
strong pipeline from the government sector as well as the enterprise 
sector. So, some exciting orders might be there, which we should be 
able to announce in the next quarterly meeting that we have.  
Shweta: 
So, what is the progress on onboarding clients directly without 
intermediaries? And when do you expect this to start reflecting in 
margin and customer stickiness? 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 16 
Nehal Shah: 
So, thank you for this question again, Shweta. In India, if you see, 
most of our customers are direct. We do not have too many 
customers who are partners, but yes, our global revenues do have 
partners through whom we take contracts. The reason for that from a 
strategy perspective was to make sure that we get to access a larger 
customer base who by themselves would not consider us large 
enough to work directly with us. So, that's the strategy.  
 
Coming to direct customers, very soon we are going to be hiring more 
salespeople who would be focusing predominantly only on identifying 
and going behind the mid-segment Tier 1 customers in the global 
market. So, we are very, very confident that in the next three to four 
quarters, you would be hearing some or maybe a good number of 
direct customers, maybe smaller in size, but those customers will 
come, and we should be direct to us, which will help us in bettering 
our margins in the future quarters. 
Shweta: 
So, my last question is regarding you have mentioned regarding the 
restatements of financials. So, could you throw some light on the 
nature of the restatements and whether there is any financial or 
operational impact from it?  
Gopal Tiwari: 
I will answer that. I will answer that. See, restatement was required as 
per Ind AS 8. However, there being very minor overall impact on our 
financials. After the gains and losses are booked in the current year, 
there is hardly, I mean, a very minuscule impact was there. So, that's 
why we, management, took the decision not to restate and take all 
gains and losses in the current year itself. So, you will see that our 
gains and losses are more or less on a similar line. So, there was 
hardly any impact. I mean, just you can say less than a crore gain was 
there overall. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for this opportunity. So, just, first of all, I wanted 
to understand first on the reinstatement part. I mean, if this 
reinstatement would not have happened, what would have been your 
consolidated PBT? I mean, which is currently Rs. 10 crore, Rs. 11 
crore. So, that will give us some understanding on an operational 
basis where we stand. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
I will give you the answer. See, the reinstatement has not made any 
major difference on the number. The PBT would have been just 
impacted by less than a crore.  
Nehal Shah: 
No, PBT, they are saying is looking right now at Rs. 11 crore. So that it 
would have been better, no?  

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 16 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes, no. I mean, that's what I am about to say. So, there are certain 
expenses, extra expenses provisions have been booked in our 
expenses. If you see our other expenses number, that is drastically 
increased from last quarter or year-on-year basis also. 
 
So, there are certain provisions, extra provisions and corrections 
pertaining to earlier period which was taken into account. Because of 
that, this amount is Rs. 11 crore only. Otherwise, this amount would 
have been actually in the range of around Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 23 crore 
if we take out that impact. So, it is rather quarter-on-quarter basis, it 
would have been better than the last quarter and year-on-year basis 
also, it would have been better than last year. So, because of that 
impact, our PBT amount is reduced. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Around Rs. 11 crore would have been in the range of Rs. 22 crore to 
Rs. 23 crore. So, impact of Rs. 11-12 crore on PBT on an overall basis. 
I mean, the entire impact, right? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes.  
Deepak Poddar: 
I got it. And what is your current order book? I mean, what would be 
our in rupees crore?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, Deepak, technically we don't give our order books numbers out 
because in the past when we have tried giving out that, it has just 
confused our investors because typically if I give out a number, that 
number has to be a combination of some renewals, something that 
already billed, something that we are going to bill out. So, typically, 
what we have done is that from the last four or eight quarters that you 
have been following us or if you see our numbers, we generally give 
our quarterly order wins and the recurring revenue or targets based 
on that.  
 
So, even in our current scenario, most of our revenue is recurring in 
nature. And even the Solutions business typically that we bill out 
eventually turn into services after go-live. So, any project that we are 
implementing right now, we consider them under the Solutions 
bucket. And once we move out, they go into the Services bucket. So, 
the recurring revenue keeps on happening.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, this 4th Quarter, your order win was around Rs. 133 crore. That's 
right?  
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, that's for this quarter. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes. 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 16 
Deepak Poddar: 
And overall, I think, I mean, you mentioned somewhere a Rs. 500 
crore order that we have got in Pune. Is that the right understanding?  
Nehal Shah: 
Correct. That we got in the last quarter, that we announced in the last 
quarter. Last to last quarter, yes.  
Deepak Poddar: 
We got some Rs. 80 crore extra, right? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, that we just got this month, I mean, in the month of May. We got 
an additional change request coming in from the customer so that the 
whole order value went from Rs. 420 crore to Rs. 510 crore or 
something. So, about more than Rs. 500 crore.  
Deepak Poddar: 
When you say, I mean, we have got a good deal pipeline, can you 
throw some more light there? What sort of pipeline we are talking 
about? What sort of order win per quarter we can see because of this 
pipeline? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, there are a couple of large contracts to the tune of about, in the 
U.S., we are seeing one or two large orders that are there in the 
pipeline, of which one looks very, very positive. I am only talking about 
the bigger numbers. Okay. I am not going to the smaller details. That 
contract itself is in the tune of about $45 to $50 million. If we click in 
there, that adds to the order book. And then there are several other 
smaller line items on which we are working. Probably, Paresh could 
give a number on that. 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes, as Nehal talked about the Pune project which will reflect from 
this quarter though, so that's another one, large one. And we have 
some very critical projects even in India which are pretty much in the 
pipeline on the verge of closure. So, we will soon have some 
announcement this quarter on that. And these are good size orders. 
So, we definitely see that the coming quarters show a very promising 
order wins placed in next two, three quarters. That's the visibility that 
we have immediately.  
Deepak Poddar: 
We can say, I mean, for FY ’26, what sort of order win we can target?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, I would say order wins are important. A top-line target that we 
have kept of Rs. 1,000 crore. I think we are slowly progressing over 
there. We would want to make sure that we try and reach there. For 
that, from our revenue perspective, we should be ideally targeting a 
quarterly revenue of about Rs. 250 crore. If you see, in the last three 
quarters we have been successfully able to go beyond the Rs. 200 
crore mark and slowly progressing. Depending upon how and when 
the billing happens, we are targeting to reach towards the Rs. 250 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 16 
crore quarterly mark. That's the first short-term target that we have 
kept for ourselves.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Rs. 1,000 crore won't be possible, right? I mean, maybe in 3-4 
quarters or 2-3 quarters we may target to reach a Rs. 250 crore kind 
of a quarterly run rate. Is that understanding right?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, see, if you ask me, Deepak, the idea is that it all depends upon 
when the billing is allowed. If you ask from the previous orders that 
are already booked in, depending upon the execution and depending 
upon when I can bill them, I would be able to reach to that number, 
but we are very confident that the number is in hindsight, it is 
reachable and doable. Maybe, yes, you are right. If the billing happens 
or gets postponed by a quarter, you might see that happening maybe 
after five quarters.  
R. Ramanathan: 
If I can add something to this, Ramanan here. I would request you to 
look at the trajectory that Allied Digital is looking at from how it's going 
to affect Allied Digital's revenues over the next several years.  
 
First of all, there is a very strong growth in our System Integration 
business, the Master System Integration business in India. And we are 
seeing bigger and bigger opportunities. And that is a huge demand for 
intelligent infrastructure, not just from a national point of view, but 
also from GCCs and all which are coming up. And so, this is right in 
the core competency of Allied Digital. And so that is a great 
opportunity in front of us, which we are bidding on and we are being 
pretty successful because of our track record.  
 
The second is the same opportunity exists in international markets. 
And we are now looking at international opportunities in Master 
System Integration, not just in the developed countries, but in also the 
emerging economies.  
 
The third trajectory is Enterprise solutions in India and Enterprise 
business. So, that is again, we have had increasing number of 
customers who are now reposing their faith in us in end-to-end 
Infrastructure Management and Managed Services. And managed 
services is going to grow because of the complexity of technology that 
is getting integrated into all the solutions that is currently out there, 
whether it is Edge AI, whether it is IoT and as on. And AI-enabled 
managed services is now going to become the norm. And that is 
where Allied Digital has already developed assets and IP, which is 
going to help us in that direction. And therefore, more and more 
reliance on Allied Digital solutions and services will be there. 
 
And the fourth is we are also diversifying from a geography point of 
view. And that geographical expansion, not just depending on one 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 16 
particular country, but in multiple countries, is going to help us 
because now we have a track record of operational execution in 
multiple countries across the globe.  
 
And finally, that question which somebody asked in terms of going 
direct, that is, again, a very conscious strategy that we are developing 
now, and we have started looking at, because on one side, a 
partnership strategy enables us to address large potential customers 
that are beyond our reach. But there is a whole lot of medium and 
small customers that Allied Digital can go directly on. So, if you look 
at this trajectory growth, that should give you a certain sense of the 
quality of revenue and the holistic approach that we are looking at. 
And I would urge this view to be taken from the point of view of an 
assessment of Allied Digital’s capabilities as well as its future. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Very helpful, sir. And just one final thing. On the margin side, how 
should we look at margin for this year, FY ’26, either EBITDA or PAT 
margin, whatever? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, Deepak, we are trying to work on our EBITDA margin but looking at 
the current order book and the pipeline that we have in the U.S. 
market, global market, it could be a little challenging. We will be 
happy to continue at the margin that we are showing right now and try 
to improve it operationally as and when we can in the near future.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Right now, I mean, we are talking about 11%-12% EBITDA margin. I 
mean, is that the range we are looking at?  
Nehal Shah: 
Yes. Currently, yes, this is what I would want to stick to and then 
constantly work towards improving the margins because most of our 
contracts that we get, we get for a longer period of time. So, once they 
go in the go live phase or in the stabilizing phase is when we get a lot 
of scope of improving the margins with respect to getting additional 
change requests or additional business from the existing customer or 
reducing the operational cost by introducing, as Mr. Ramanan 
explained, AI in our delivery model. So, we would be able to do that in 
the coming quarters.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amit from H. G. Hawa and 
Company. Please go ahead.  
Amit: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, my question was like two questions. One is 
like connected to the cash flow. Can you elaborate on the FY ’25 
operational cash generated versus the profit reported? And second 
question is connected to the CAPEX, like what are the CAPEX plans 
for FY ’26? 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 16 
Gopal Tiwari: 
See, cash flow generated in FY ’25 is to the tune of almost Rs. 60-odd 
crore cash flow has been generated in this financial year. And there 
is, as such, we have no major plan for CAPEX for the coming year.  
Nehal Shah: 
So, rather than CAPEX, I think we have kept these war chest money 
for looking out for any potential acquisitions with respect to making 
sure that we are more technically and technologically advanced. So, 
that is what the war chest money is kept for. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Tushar Parekh from 
Natvarlal Mangaldas and Company. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Parekh: 
Hi, this is Tushar here. Good afternoon to everybody. Current 
scenario with regards to the war and things going on and Allied Digital 
having connect the Government and working closely with the 
government, is there any prospect for us to participate in any border 
Security or Cyber Security or anywhere where the company can also 
show participation in the defense sector, which is a very hot topic for 
the Government and very interesting for the international market as 
well? Because the surveillance market and the cyber security board 
proves as a very interesting area to work upon. Is there any chances 
where the company can participate there? Please let me know.  
Nitin Shah: 
I will answer. Nitin Shah here. We have been trying to get into the 
border security almost about 5-6 years back. We had a good 
connection with Israel-based company. And I visited. They also 
visited here. And somehow it did not work out. We are very much 
there in the homeland security. So, whatever we are doing for the city 
surveillance, same thing could also be done at defense also. So, we 
are very optimistic to get some of those large good tenders that we 
can work on that. And we are ahead of the curve when it comes to 
cyber security or physical security. 
Paresh Shah: 
Let me just add, Cyber Security is going to be because after this 
operation, there are even more attacks, cyber security attacks. So, it's 
very important that that's an area which is very much hot in demand 
for every industry in India. And there are certain targets which the 
terrorists want to achieve. So, we see a big prospect in really 
improving on the cyber security business, which I am sure it's going to 
be in big demand in the coming quarters.  
Nehal Shah: 
And Tushar, just to add to that, there are a couple of RFPs that have 
come across with us for which we are right now doing technical 
evaluation for us to figure out if it is good enough for us to bid or not 
on the border security and border safety.  
 
So, yes, hopefully, maybe in the next two or three quarters, you will 
hear some positive news on that side as well. But having said that, 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 16 
Allied Digital is in the right space and right position when we want to 
do any such kind of projects due to the various Smart City projects 
that we have done. 
R. Ramanathan: 
If I can just finally add on this. Cybersecurity is now taking a new turn 
in terms of AI getting integrated into all the drones and IoT devices that 
are out there. And that is very much up Allied Digital's core 
competency, because of the managed services that we do, not just 
from the point of view of IT, but also for Smart City surveillance and so 
on and so forth. So, this is an area that we intend to capitalize on, and 
also develop necessary partnerships with very strong organizations 
who have good solutions so that not only are we able to address the 
big opportunities, but also enable, through the partnerships, 
opportunities in the international market. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Harshit, an investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Harshit: 
Hello, everyone. My name is Harshit. My question is more with 
regards to the net profit margin. I can see the EBITDA margins have 
been consistent since the last three years. It was around 13% in FY 
’23 and then 12% each in FY ’24, ’25, which is around flat. But the net 
profit margins have been consistently down. What is the reason for 
the same? And also, I think in one of the earlier questions you 
mentioned that there is some additional other expenses which has 
been booked in the quarter to the tune of Rs. 10 crore, Rs. 11 crore. 
So, I just wanted to understand what that relates to?  
Gopal Tiwari: 
So, I will give you the answer. The other expenses are increased by 
around Rs. 10-12 crore almost. That amount pertains to extra 
provisions have been made as per the advice of the new auditors, 
which needs not to be written off in coming years. That can be brought 
back again into the profit. But since we had to take that provision, our 
PBT amount has been reduced by that. So, if you take that amount 
into account, our PBT for this year would have been around Rs. 72 to 
73 crore. So, our EBITDA would have been much better.  
 
And our net profit, so far as net profit is concerned, you can see that 
net profit is down because of tax implications. Our deferred tax has 
increased in this year. Instead of last year it was Rs. 25-odd lakhs, this 
year it is Rs. 5.5 crore. And even our current year tax has also 
increased from last year Rs. 17 crore, it is Rs. 23-odd crore.  
 
So, our tax implication is much higher in this year because of that our 
PAT is squeezed to that extent. So, going forward, this is a one-time 
phenomenon. Going forward, it's not going to be remaining same. So, 
our PAT will improve considerably in coming periods. So, our PAT 
margin and EBITDA is going to be better than the current year. 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 16 
Harshit: 
Just one follow-up question on these provisions. So, these provisions, 
are these some provisions on the debtors? So like, can you just 
explain in detail?  
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes, it's an extra ECL have been provided by the auditors, our new 
auditors. So, we have provided that as a precautionary measure, but 
it's going to be written back most probably in the coming years.  
Harshit: 
And one second question from me is, on these new Pune projects, is 
there any additional one-time expenses that has been booked which 
kind of reduces your net profit margins or there isn't anything like 
that?  
Nehal Shah: 
No, nothing one-time that we have done for Pune project. It is a 
standard project for us. So, whenever we go in the implementation 
phase, we see a lot of products being procured and deployed. That 
could be one of the other reasons where you will see the margins to 
be a little lower because all of us know that during the product 
delivery phase, the margins are not as good or as high as the delivery 
and the O&M phase. So, that could be the reason. But having said 
that, I don't see, or I don't look at that there are any extra investments 
done, one-time investment or one-time expense is done from the 
Pune project perspective.  
Nitin Shah: 
So, I would rather point this way. Pune city surveillance is a very large 
project. Unfortunately, no benefit that is being accrued till now in this 
balance sheet. But next quarter, coming quarter, you will see a lot of 
benefit which will be coming. So, unfortunately, we have not 
benefited from balance sheet point of view. But Rs. 500 crore project 
is yet to be executed. And you will see a lot of upside during the next 
quarter and post that.  
Harshit: 
That's very helpful. One last question from me is around the deposits 
or investment which have been now reclassified as investment or as 
deposits, sorry. Is there any provision on those deposits considering 
those have been provided to the subsidiaries, wholly-owned 
subsidiary in 2008? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
No, no, no. It's other way round. In fact, it is reclassified from 
investments to deposits. So, no, this thing is done because it's 
basically, it's in the nature of quasi-equity only. So, that amount is 
going to be converted into equity in the near future. So, there is no 
provision, nothing has been done against that. That amount is intact.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 

 
 Q4 & FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 16 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for your participation and engagement in today's call. As 
we look ahead, we remain confident in our ability to drive consistent 
and sustainable growth. With solid operational execution, enhanced 
financial discipline and renewed focus on governance, we are 
steadily progressing towards the Rs. 1,000 crore revenue milestone. 
We are excited about the opportunities across the landscape and 
continue to seek out large complex multi-year orders.  
Should you have any further questions or need additional details, 
please feel free to reach out to our team or CDR India. Thank you once 
again for your continued interest and support. We look forward to 
engaging with you again next quarter. Thank you, everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
