Xpro India Limited 
Birla Building (2nd Floor) 
9/1 R.N. Mukherjee Road 
Kolkata 700 001, India. 
+91 33 4082 3700/2220 0600 ; xprocal@xproindia.com 
 
 
Registered Office : Barjora-Mejia Road, P.O. Ghutgoria, Tehsil : Barjora, Distt : Bankura, West Bengal 722 202. 
Tel : +91 9775 301 701; email : cosec@xproindia.com; website : www.xproindia.com 
CIN : L25209WB1997PLC085972 
 
June 5, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Stock Symbol: XPROINDIA(EQ) 
Stock Code No: 590013 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2025 conducted on May 30, 2025. The same is also available on the website of the Company at the below 
mentioned link: 
 
https://xproindia.com/investor-relations/ 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Xpro India Limited 
 
 
 
Kamal Kishor Sewoda 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
KAMAL 
KISHOR 
SEWODA
Digitally signed 
by KAMAL 
KISHOR SEWODA 
Date: 2025.06.05 
18:16:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Xpro India Limited 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C. BHASKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. VINAY KUMAR AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
                                    
MR. HIMANGSHU BAKSHI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 
MR. GIRISH BEHAL – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
 
MR. SHOBHIT GOEL – FINANCE DEPARTMENT  
 
MR. KAMAL SEWODA – COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
MUFG INTIME, INVESTMENT RELATIONS PARTNER  
 
 
 
 
 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Xpro India Limited Q4 and FY ‘25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. C. Bhaskar, Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good afternoon, friends. I extend a very warm welcome to all participants in 
this Q4 and FY ‘25 earnings call. 
 
Many of us would have interacted in the past, yet I introduce myself once again as C. Bhaskar, 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Xpro India Limited. Today on this call, I 
have with me Mr. Vinay Kumar Agarwal, our President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Kamal Sewoda, our Company Secretary. Also present are Himangshu Bakshi, our Senior 
President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mr. Girish Behal, our new President and Chief 
Strategy Officer, who joined us just a few months back. 
 
MUFG Intime, whom many of you will know as Orient Cap, our Investment Relations partner, 
is, as always, coordinating this session. We are continuing the practice started a couple of years 
ago of hosting this annual conference call for our investor community with the intent of keeping 
investors and analysts familiar and updated about our annual results and major developments. 
 
As many of us have already had opportunity to meet on earlier calls, or at the AGM, or otherwise, 
I shall not dwell on introducing our company. I must add that we are transparent in our approach, 
but must state that all discussions here will be within boundaries reasonably imposed by our 
strategic and competitive position and, of course, legal requirements as may be applicable. 
 
As you are all aware, Xpro India Limited is a diversified multi-locational company focused on 
polymer processing with very strong governance standards. The company is family led and is a 
professionally managed arm of India's largest and most reputed industrial house, the Birlas. Xpro 
itself currently has manufacturing facilities at Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh, Ranjangaon in 
Maharashtra, and Barjora in West Bengal. With a wholly new subsidiary set up last year to 
implement a project at Ras Al Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. 
 
Our operating units have built up special skills and competencies in the specialized field of 
coextrusion with application in the manufacture of oriented films, multilayer plastic sheets and 
multilayer cast plastic films. Thermoforming supports downstream processes for sheets. 
 
Our results for the financial year 2024-'25, together with quarterly results, have been uploaded 
on stock exchange portals, and you may have had an opportunity to go through the press release 
and presentation that we had uploaded to the exchange site and on our own website. 
 
Now coming to a quick review of key business matters. The Indian economy has been resilient 
despite the environment of elevated trade protectionist and tariff-related uncertainties. Global 
growth aspirations continue to face significant headwinds with policy shocks, uncertainty, and 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
indifferent consumer sentiment. These have also prompted the IMF and the other global financial 
institutions to revise global growth projections downwards. However, despite its own 
challenges, the Indian economy expects to grow at over 6% on the back of policies and a 
consolidating role as a geopolitical alternative. 
 
Further, in the context of the company's investment being undertaken in the United Arab 
Emirates, we are optimistic about the growing integration of UAE-based manufacturing into 
global supply chains. More specifically and coming to our performance during Q4 and 2025, I'm 
happy to state that the company continued to deliver a strong performance, reflecting our 
manufacturing and marketing capabilities and our strong track record as a key supplier to both 
the white goods and dielectric segments. 
 
The dielectric films market continues to expand, driven by demand from sectors such as electric 
vehicles, renewable energy and consumer electronics, besides conventional segments in the 
electrical industry. Xpro's dielectric films were consistently in demand and has always remained 
in a strong competitive zone. The Barjora dielectric film line operated near full capacity, 
continuing its strategic shift towards thinner and higher-value variants. 
 
Pricing has to remain dynamic and flexible to retain market traction in a frequently volatile 
scenario, even at the risk of occasional impact on margins. Further, for alignment of available 
capacity and domestic demand, exports were temporarily moderated. 
 
To drive long-term business value, we prioritize fundamental growth over short-term targets. 
Our strategy for increasing business value focuses on organic growth. The company is 
strengthening its leadership position in niche markets, leveraging its marketing -- manufacturing 
and development expertise, marketing strength and industry relationships. Our key initiatives 
include global capacity scaling, product innovation and cost competitiveness. 
 
The first of new lines, which would essentially double capacity at the existing facility at Barjora, 
experienced supply and logistics-related delays and is now approaching full commissioning. The 
second line to be installed at our subsidiary, Xpro Dielectric Films FZ-LLC in the free zone at 
Ras Al Khaimah, UAE. 
 
Factory construction and other project implementation work is proceeding to plan, while 
significant portions of the core equipment are already at site, taking into account long equipment 
delivery periods, which incidentally is the critical path activity for this investment. 
 
Our other lines of business, coextruded sheets and thermoform refrigerator liners are 
manufactured on multiple lines available with the Coex division units at Ranjangaon and Greater 
Noida. Our products are usually custom-made to customer needs and based on various polymers, 
including ABS, polystyrene and PP. Steps were initiated towards rationalizing and enhancing 
sheet and liner production capacities at both production units via acquisition and integration of 
production lines from another operator and capacity balancing and optimization. 
 
Considering Q4 performance, Revenue from operations during the quarter was INR158.21 
crores, against INR128.41 crores in Q4 FY '24, registering a growth of almost 23% on a year-

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
on-year basis. The increase in the top line reflects consistent demand and a strong market 
position, particularly in the Coex businesses. 
 
PBT for the quarter was INR11.51 crores against INR16.52 crores in Q4 FY '24. Biax division 
reported increase in revenue to a little over INR39.33 crores in the quarter, as compared to 
INR38 crores in the corresponding previous quarter, more or less flat. The Coex division 
reported a healthy growth in revenue of over 32%, to over INR118.9 crores as against INR90.3 
crores in the corresponding previous quarter. 
 
Now coming to the full FY '25 performance. The company reaffirmed its operational resilience 
in a volatile business environment marked by supply chain worries, rising costs, geopolitical 
tensions, underscoring the efficacy of the operational strategies and the competitive trends. 
Production volumes rose by 18.4% to 33,014 tons, against 27,891 tons in the previous year. The 
net sales reached an all-time high of INR535.28 crores, demonstrating a 15% increase over the 
previous year's INR465.41 crores. 
 
The company endures as the domestic market leader and the pioneering Indian manufacturer of 
premium dielectric BOPP films, recognized in external markets for quality, innovation, and 
service. The dielectric film line operated near full capacity with domestic market share at over 
30%, continuing its strategic direction towards thinner and higher-value variants. Pricing, 
however, has to remain dynamic and flexible to retain market traction in a frequently volatile 
scenario. 
 
Aggregate production for coextruded sheets and thermoform liners increased by 25%, reflecting 
resilient consumer durables markets, particularly for refrigerators. Our production capacities, as 
mentioned earlier, were rationalized via integration of acquired equipment, which we had 
actually purchased from a competing manufacturer earlier in the year. 
 
Operating profitability was impacted at times due to strategic competitive pricing, geopolitical 
tensions, and input cost volatility, marked by supply chain worries and higher expenses 
necessary for the buildup ahead of expansion capacities going on stream. Our quality and service 
levels remain rated premium by customers. 
 
During the year, revenues of Biax dipped marginally to INR141 crores from INR149 crores in 
the previous year. Revenues from the Coex division increased on the other hand, by almost 25% 
to INR393.86 crores, as compared to INR315.69 crores in the previous year. Revenues from 
export were marginally higher at INR14.2 crores, as against INR13.44 crores in the previous 
year. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR72.88 crores against INR78.34 crores in the previous year. Interest and 
other finance costs were lower at INR4.38 crores, including INR1.2 crores of adjusted borrowing 
cost incurred for the new project, against INR5 crores in the previous year and after depreciation 
the PBT stood at INR58 crores as against INR60 crores in the INR60.16 crores in the previous 
year. 
 
I must mention that there are no outstanding long-term borrowings for existing operations. 
However, we have opted from a financial perspective, particularly the interest savings that would 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
accrue in future years to go in for a supplier credit in the nature of an ECB for the new line being 
installed at Barjora and accordingly, there was an increase in long-term debt to the extent of 
INR110 crores, fundamentally towards the supplier credit. 
 
During FY '25, the net debt to equity stood at 0.19x and delivered a healthy ROE on expanded 
capital of 7.44%, and a return on capital employed of 8.33%. The Board has recommended for 
member approval a dividend of INR2 per equity share on the expanded capital of the company. 
 
Some mention on capital raising. In 2023-24, 14,35,750 warrants which had been allotted on a 
preferential basis to 12 subscribers, including 1,05,750 warrants to two promoter group entities 
at an issue price of INR975 per warrant, with an initial payment of 35% of the warrant price and 
balance 65% payable at warrant holders' option anytime within 18 months from allotment. Each 
fully-paid warrant entitled subscription to an allotment of 1 equity share of INR10 of the 
company at a premium of INR965. 
 
During the year, 4 subscribers, including 2 promoter group entities, exercised their options well 
ahead of the final date of payment, by payment of the balance of 65% and were accordingly 
allotted a total of 2,65,750 equity shares. Following this, the capital of the company stands at 
INR22.30 crores, comprising of 2,23,00,391 equity shares of INR10 each. Assuming full 
conversion of outstanding warrants when they are fully paid up, the equity capital would rise to 
INR23.47 crores, which should happen by end July 2025. 
 
I confirm that the capital raised through 2 preferential issues and a QIP during earlier years, 
2022-23 and 23-24 is being utilized for the purpose stated and is monitored as required. The 
promoter group has invested in both preferential offers and opted for earlier conversion of 
warrants and is subject to longer lock-in period than other investors. Any prima-facie dilution in 
promoter holdings, presently at 42.43%, has been purely a consequence of allotments made to 
others. 
 
Now let me update you on the status of the capacity additions. Given the technical complexity 
for manufacturing dielectric films, which range in thickness from 2 to 12 microns, and require 
specialized equipment and controlled environment, project time lines were stretched due to long 
supply schedules, including for customized machinery. 
 
The projects underwent external delays, including logistical and procedural challenges, and 
supply-related issues, where suppliers had to make extra efforts to live up to the company's 
precise requirements. Also, some transit damages necessitated replacement of certain 
components to make sure that we were in a position to deliver the high-quality films that we are 
known for. 
 
Both projects are now broadly on track. I'm happy to announce that the Barjora unit has started 
sequential testing and dry runs, which will spread over the next coming weeks before we get 
into the wet operations. The Ras Al Khaimah project is also progressing steadily with necessary 
capital resources tied up and construction progressing at full swing. Key equipment have already 
arrived at site and are awaiting installation. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Furthering our sustainability initiatives at Ranjangaon, the supply of lower-cost solar power via 
open access from associate company, TP Mercury Limited, an associate venture with Tata Power 
Limited, commenced operations from October 1, 2024, leading to significant energy cost savings 
with benefits expected to accrue continuously over the 25-year contract period. I must add that 
in the first 6 months of operation of the supply of the solar power, we have actually already 
saved our investment in this associate company. 
 
With this, I open the floor for question and answers. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shrey Gandhi from C.R. Kothari 
Stock Brokers. Please proceed. 
Vidhi Shah: 
My name is Vidhi Shah. Sir, my first question is on the capex for Barjora and UAE plant. So 
you said that Barjora is running its trial testing right now. So when do we expect commercial 
operations for both? And also, can I know the revenue potential of both these plants? 
C. Bhaskar: 
A question -- point number one is, as I said, the dry runs have started. They will progress over 
the next 3-4 weeks, I would imagine. And after that, assuming all goes well, we would be 
heading towards the wet runs. Most of the components are in place. One of the damaged 
components is awaiting a replacement, and it should come in sometime by 15th of June or 
thereabouts. But that would simply be replaced. We are going ahead with the trials to make sure 
all else is perfect and ready to operate. That is one. 
 
Ras Al Khaimah project, the construction is going on. We would actually be in a position to 
complete and start the dry runs at that site only sometime in the last quarter of this calendar year. 
And it will then start thereafter. 
 
Revenue potential depends a lot on how the market moves into thinner films. So the revenue 
potential is really enormous, but we would put it at -- give me a moment. The revenue potential, 
depending on the thickness, but to start with would be in the range of INR150 crores to INR200 
crores when we start the commercial production. And then they would go on as we stabilize on 
thinner films. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. So this INR150 crores to INR200 crores... 
C. Bhaskar: 
Your name, if you could just tell me again, ma'am? 
Vidhi Shah: 
My name is Vidhi Shah from C.R. Kothari Stock Brokers. So this INR150 crores to INR200 
crores that you mentioned, it is combined for UAE plus West Bengal? 
C. Bhaskar: 
No, per plant. Remember that the UAE plant is a subsidiary. It's a wholly-owned subsidiary 
today, right? So that turnover would go into the subsidiary and only on consolidation will come 
into the whole. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. I get it, sir. And also, can I know how much of the funding is pending? So how much 
capex is left for -- which we will incur in FY '26? 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
C. Bhaskar: 
The funding per se as envisaged is complete. That is the arrangements are all tied up, if that is 
your question. And right now, we are holding our balance requirements for the -- putting up the 
plants in fixed deposits. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. And also, can I get the margin split between your... 
C. Bhaskar: 
You see the balance sheet -- you see we hold FDs of almost INR180 crores... 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. And also on the margin front, can I get a split between Coex and Biax division for FY 
'25? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Madam, margin is a question which I think is a highly competitive business, highly competitive 
area, and perhaps not a correct question, or correct for me to answer on an investor call. Margins 
in -- see, margins are different in our two businesses. The Coex business of the sheets and the 
cast films, as I've said often, it's a relatively lower-margin business, whereas the dielectric films 
are relatively higher-margin businesses. 
 
And the spread, I can give you ranges. The spread on the Coex businesses is anywhere between 
5% to 7% at the EBITDA level. And the spread on the capacitor film businesses, depending on 
the thicknesses, is anywhere between 30% to 50%. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. And sir... 
C. Bhaskar: 
I know it's a broad range, but that really depends on the specifications that go into that film and 
market circumstances. Sometimes we also get into penetrative pricing and things like that. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. And... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, ma'am. May I request you to return to the question queue for your follow-up 
questions as we have participants waiting for their turn. 
 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, just a question on the margin number. So now what we see in the last 4 quarters, the margin 
keeps dropping lower and now we are at about 6%-7%. And from whatever numbers that you 
shared, so -- is it that... 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sorry, go ahead and I'll comment after that. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And from the numbers that you shared about Coex and Biax, and you said 100% utilization in 
Biax dielectric. So is there any pricing drop in the dielectric film side, which is basically the 
Biax business, right, for us, the biaxially... 
C. Bhaskar: 
Let me explain this to you. There are two things here. One, I think the EBITDA margin for the 
company as a whole is not at the number that you said. That is the number of around 6% is more 
realistic of -- 6%-7% is more realistic for the Coex businesses. You were talking about the delta, 
is that? Okay... 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No, no, no. Sir, my observation is basically, if you see for the last 4-5 quarters now, the margin 
from whatever, 15%-16% that you reported is down to 8%. So my question was from that angle 
at the company level. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Two things, two things, two things, let me explain. I will not -- one is that if you see the share 
of the Coex business in the overall turnover, it's gone up steeply compared to the previous year. 
Now it means a big -- the growth substantially in turnover has entirely come from the lower 
EBITDA business, which itself, therefore, pushes down the weighted average EBITDA. 
 
But that said, during the year, we have ourselves, as I have also said in earlier press releases and 
the like, that over the years, we have made price adjustments in anticipation of the capacity 
coming in. So the play is really dual. 
 
Now this has been so far driven more by a strategic pricing principle rather than by a market 
compulsion. Remember, India is still importing substantial percentage of its total requirement 
of capacitor films. And nonetheless, with our capacities coming in, we felt there was a need to 
make sure that we were holding customers. And therefore, we also went into price adjustments, 
which obviously would reflect in the overall EBITDA. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So between FY '25 and FY '24, you're saying there is a pricing adjustment, which is 
willingly done by you on the dielectric film side, which is bringing down the absolute EBITDA? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Correct. And you will appreciate that, A we are in this game as a long-term game. We are not 
the fly-by-night operator where you say today, you get an opportunity, and you go by an 
opportunistic pricing. So definitely, India is still importing huge volumes. So there is no change 
in market circumstances in the country. However, the fact remains that we are getting two lines 
coming in. 
 
I will also readily add that our strategy on pricing has been driven by one other criteria. I'll only 
mention this as a driver without going into super details. You see our Barjora line is delayed, as 
you are aware, from where we should have been to that where we are. What this has resulted in 
is that the gap between the commissioning of our two new capacities is going to be lesser than 
what we would have liked it to be. That circumstance means that we will have lesser time to 
ramp up to the two lines and therefore, we thought we should prepare for it by pricing 
adjustments to start with. This is part of a larger strategy. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And what will be the pricing decline in the -- or pricing adjustment that you have taken 
in the dielectric film between the 2 years? And is it fair to assume that you are 100% utilized, 
which means the volumes of dielectric film of last year were... 
C. Bhaskar: 
I'll tell you something, we are very close to 100% utilized. And any volume changes, you'll see 
only that as I think in one of the quarters, we had mentioned in the quarterly statement also, 
excepting for some downtime that we took for integration of certain facilities between the old 
line and the new line because they are coming next to each other. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So which means that last year, full year, and this year, full year, you had same volumes in 
dielectric? 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
C. Bhaskar: 
You will see that the volumes are slightly different. Let me give you the exact volume. For 
example, the exact volume last year was something like 3,600-odd tons. This year was something 
like 3,560 tons. So... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
It's more or less same... 
C. Bhaskar: 
So if you think about it because it was down for a week also. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what is the pricing decline, so which means the pricing decline is from 6%, 7%? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thereabouts, yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And because of 6%, 7%... 
C. Bhaskar: 
I would also tell you that the pricing declining trend has slowly started moving. It was actually 
nearer 5%, but I think we are already seeing reversals there for various reasons. Some of which 
are not correct for me to state. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And lastly, sir, when will this Barjora second line start production, you said? 
C. Bhaskar: 
We are -- as I said, the dry runs are going on. And so far, whatever tests are being -- each 
equipment is tested, etc. We had some components which had got damaged in transit. And those, 
obviously, we would get replacement. We don't work on repairs. Most of the replacements have 
come in, which had to be replaced. 
 
One -- something called a roller is on the way. They are all being airfreighted in. So once that 
comes in, we'll plug it in and switch to wet runs. By the time that reaches, which should be mid-
June, before that comes, we would finish all -- we would have done with the dry runs, assuming 
there are no shocks. I mean, I will, in all fairness, have to state that it is assuming no shocks. We 
don't expect any, but you'll be -- neither did we expect a transit damage, right? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Investment Advisors. 
Manan Shah: 
The price adjustment that you mentioned right now that you took in the dielectric film, is it a 
function of the price correction in the base BOPP film or it is not? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sorry, I didn't get your name. Manoj... 
Manan Shah: 
My name is Manan Shah from Moneybee. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Manan. Sorry, I heard it as Manoj. My apologies. You see price is -- you asked a very, very 
relevant question. In the polymers business, price is actually always determined by two elements. 
One is the value add, or whatever you are adding in your own shop floor. And B, what are the 
fluctuations in the raw material prices. 
 
Now fluctuations in the raw material prices are generally in the nature of pass-throughs. You 
might have timing differences. But other than that, it's a pass-through ultimately. Sometimes you 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
get the pass-through contractually, sometimes you have to work on the pass-through. It depends 
on customer to customer. 
 
So the price is determined and dependent upon two things. One of which is the raw material 
price, which I must tell you is entirely, or substantially, dependent on crude price. For example, 
today, you are at a situation where crude prices are going downwards and the President of the 
United States seems to have a desire to take it down to $30, $40. Should that happen, polymer 
prices would move downwards correspondingly. 
 
However, the polymers that we use in the dielectric film business are very special. They are not 
commodity polymers. And being non-commodity polymers, the price is not a direct relation to 
the crude price. In a commodity polymer, it would more or less have that. You could chart it, 
and you would see it. Here, there is -- because of technology, there is a rarity cost to the polymers 
that go into the dielectric films. 
 
On the other hand, if I were to take our Coex businesses, yes, the prices would be more or less 
directly related to crude. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. No, I was asking... 
C. Bhaskar: 
Does that answer your question, sir? 
Manan Shah: 
It does partly. But what I wanted to understand is that does any movement on the base BOPP 
film pricing have any impact on our dielectric pricing? 
C. Bhaskar: 
No, no, not really. I think you are probably asking because of the excitement you would have 
seen in the BOPP packaging prices in the last few days, if you are monitoring that business, 
which I imagine you are. Excepting for the fact that they are both biaxially oriented, excepting 
for -- and then they're both are both polypropylene of sorts, they are not in any way the same 
film. Of course, similar circumstances have happened in this business also as what you have 
seen there. But better that I should not go into that on a call. 
Manan Shah: 
No, understood. So then what prompted us to willingly take this sort of a price adjustment and 
that now we are looking to increase the prices? I mean, I did not understand the... 
C. Bhaskar: 
Nothing -- now has nothing to do with environmental here. Now is more to do with the global 
situation. I mean, if you're asking me, willy-nilly are we seeing what has happened in the recent 
past with someone? No, that is something else and certainly not part of our own thinking. 
Manan Shah: 
So you are saying that globally now there is some supply shortfall, which is allowing you to take 
a price hike now or? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Globally, there are developments which means the Western world is looking for more volumes, 
which is hopefully working towards price adjustments. Now when I say price adjustments, I 
ultimately mean VA adjustments. Because if tomorrow, the polymer price, it's not that ours is 
not linked to crude. It is linked to crude, but not so directly. So supposing crude goes to $30, 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
$40, probably our polymer base price would go down, and we would reflect some of that in our 
pricing with our customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Romil Jain from Electrum PMS. 
Romil Jain: 
Yes, can you hear me? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Yes, I can hear you nice and clear. You're Romil, right? 
Romil Jain: 
Yes, yes, Romil, actually, there's some confusion. Sir, one question was on the margins in this 
quarter. So probably I think the last person, you mentioned that because there has been a strong 
growth on the Coex side, and the pricing cut that you have taken competitively. So that is the 
reason why probably the overall margins are lower. And probably when you start taking price 
hikes, then probably the margins will come back. That's the right understanding, right? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Two things. One, you are right on what you said. And also, see, for example, as we mentioned, 
our Coex business grew in the last year by 25%, which is really substantial. So -- and that is 
almost the entire revenue growth more or less has come from that segment. So obviously, on a 
weighted average basis, the weighted average EBITDA would go down, right? Point number 
one. 
 
Point number two, which is also important and remember, I'm talking all this on a stand-alone. 
When we come to the Consol what was the impact of the Consol I'll explain separately for all 
gentlemen on the call -- all gentlemen and ladies on the call. You see, so that was one. 
 
Secondly, yes, there is a value-add chain. So now when the value add on the dielectric resumes, 
or picks up back again, the extent to which the weighted average would go up would depend on 
how well the Coex business continues to do. So I would really like that, that also does well. So 
we would like to earn more money in the absolute. I'm not just worried about the EBITDA 
percent. I hope, Romil, you appreciate what I'm saying. 
Romil Jain: 
Sure, sure. Got it. And sir, the new lines that are coming up. So I just want to understand how is 
the customer tie-up taking place. So for the first line, which is almost going to start, are the 
customers in place? And probably by when we can reach full utilization for this line and similarly 
for the Middle East line? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Rest assured that at this stage, we obviously have customer tie-up definitely for the India line 
very much in place because that's the imminent line, right? 
 
Having said that, the real position is I have a number of customers who are eagerly waiting 
because actually, we have delayed, as you are aware. So that delay has also offset some of their 
own plans in terms of when we could start delivering to them. So yes, we have many eager 
people waiting for us to start the formal deliveries. 
Romil Jain: 
Correct. And a blend you can provide in terms of realizations once the Barjora new line comes 
into place, let's say, what can be the range of realizations that we can see from here probably? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Let me refrain from talking realizations on a call, please. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tej Patel from Niveshaay. 
Tej Patel: 
Yes. So sir, I have two questions and two parts -- different parts for it. Number one, sir, I wanted 
to get an idea from the demand and supply perspective. I understand you mentioned in the call 
that the overall India demand is about 15,000 tons and let's say, you have 33% market share, I 
guess a peer of us is having similar capacity. So two of you meets about, let's say, 50% of the 
demand, right? 
 
We have a line coming up in Barjora, let's say, a few weeks or a month or 2. So that's another, 
let's say, 30,000 tons. I'm just trying to understand the strategy of ramping up -- how are you 
expected to ramp up this line? I'm just trying to understand how we... 
C. Bhaskar: 
I'm a little confused. What was the capacity you mentioned that's being added at Barjora? Either 
I heard wrong or? 
Tej Patel: 
3,000, right, 3,500 is... 
C. Bhaskar: 
I thought you said 30,000. Okay. I was going to say no. 
Tej Patel: 
Yes. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Right. So there are multiple points here. Yes, today, we meet about 30% of the Indian demand. 
And with the lines coming in. We would be -- remember, our second new line is coming up in 
RAK that is actually geared for global markets, although we could also use it for Indian markets. 
 
Now the important thing is, A, what are we chasing when we put up new capacity? The first 
thing that we are chasing is the imports. So obviously, that's ready -- those are ready fruits 
available for the plucking, you might get a portion of it, you might not get a portion of it. But 
that's certainly one element that we are chasing as are competitors. 
 
Two, we are also chasing the imported metalized films, which are coming in into India. Today, 
the films -- our films are sold and metallized. People also import metallized films. Several new 
metallizers are being put up in India at this point of time. So those would also be obvious that 
import of the metallized films is also an obvious market for us. 
 
Capacitor manufacturers themselves are expanding right now for that -- to meet their own 
markets. Natural market for us. I can tell you that at least two of the big guys making capacitors 
in India are working on at least 50% capacity enhancement, which are about to go on stream. 
And these are actually customers who are 100% dependent on us at this point of time, out of 
Indian film. 
 
I also go on to add that there has been certain changes in government policy. For example, a 
couple of years ago, they had the Quality Control Order, which applied to capacitors. The 
application of the QCO on capacitors meant that the Indian people who were importing huge 
volumes of capacitors actually had to switch to Indian. That was the jump which first drove also 
the creation of more metallizers in the country. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
So there are ready markets. It's not that capacity is being created for non-existent markets. 
Capacities are being created. And obviously, there are strategies in place to load the lines ASAP. 
Tej Patel: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, sir, I'm just trying to understand. So with the recent event with one of our 
peers, so does price -- I mean, I'm just trying to understand, will -- for our existing plant, how 
much price increment do we expect? So the 5% number which you gave is because of the that 
reason is what I'm saying, right? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sir, let me put it to you this way, we are focused producers who like to believe that we are selling 
on our strengths. We do not take pleasure in selling out of anybody else's problems. So let me 
assure you, we are probably the only people who compete with that peer whom you said, right, 
who have not increased their price as a consequence of that incident. 
 
We don't want to be happy at somebody else's misfortune. It's a misfortune. And misfortunes 
can happen to anybody. We recognize that. Now whatever market forces play, that is something 
else. But we have, as a policy, not adopted an opportunistic pricing. Some people I know have 
done it. Those of you who are in the packaging business would have seen that already, but that's 
not the way we can operate. 
 
Also bearing in mind, remember always that we are in a B2B segment. We are not in a sell to 
trade and supply market at all. If we had a trade market, probably one could have done 
opportunistic. But our products are -- especially dielectric films, are all B2B. And there, we don't 
adopt an opportunistic pricing as a principle. And believe me, sir, that has held us in good stead 
over many years. People respect those relationships. 
Tej Patel: 
Got it. Got your point. Got your point, sir. Sir, one more question is, I mean, you point about the 
quality checkpoint. I'm just trying to understand with PLI components coming in, you already 
mentioned your -- two of your biggest client is expanding capacity. 
 
I'm just trying to understand from your viewpoint, how interesting or how big the shift towards 
manufacturing for capacitors in India could be? You might be talking with your customers 
because of these PLI components and you have some quite big MNC clients. I'm just trying to 
understand how PLI components could change more domestic sourcing from India for dielectric 
films? So if you could just touch upon this point. 
C. Bhaskar: 
You see, sir, PLI is just a financial incentive to motivate investment in quality products. So let's 
remember that as a driver, that's a reward for the work you are doing and enables you to be 
globally competitive. 
 
The important point is the trust that the government has given as a policy to export of electronic 
components and systems from India. The PLI is just one measure towards encouraging the 
export. The Prime Minister has himself announced a big drive towards export of electronic 
components. And capacitors is one of the very basic electronic components and one in which 
India is very much advanced in the technology and manufacture. 
 
So I would reasonably see that as part of India's drive on electronic components exports, 
capacitors would definitely see a big thrust. Besides capacitors, you will also see export of 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
metallized film in a big way because those are demands that we are seeing from all over the 
globe. So yes, this will definitely happen. Government policy is encouraging it. PLI is the icing 
on the cake. 
Tej Patel: 
Interesting. Got it. Got it, sir. And sir, one point even if you touch upon... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Tej. May we... 
Tej Patel: 
Just last one question, if possible, please? 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. 
Tej Patel: 
Yes. Sorry, the last question, I just wanted to touch upon the global supply and demand space. I 
mean, a lot of global players, let's say, ex of China, are also putting up incremental lines. 
 
So I'm just trying to understand what's the current demands-supply scenario? I mean, is there 
enough demand to absorb all these upcoming lines? And could the oversupply situation may 
come, let's say, down 2, 3 years' time because our new line, especially the Dubai line is export 
oriented? Just... 
C. Bhaskar: 
You're right. You're absolutely right. Capacity is coming up. Substantial capacity is there in 
China, existing and the growth -- and fresh capacity is China. The -- fortunately, or 
unfortunately, however, the world is today working on a China Plus One theory in some places, 
they are working on a China -- eliminate China theory. I don't think that will ever happen, 
eliminate China. It could be a China Plus One. 
 
We are quite clear that our drive is to capitalize on the China Plus One theory as we grow 
forward. And on a global market situation, that is the reason why we have a UAE plant. The 
UAE plant is well located strategically from a saving point, from a delivery point for supplies to 
the Western world, which means Europe and U.S.A. 
 
A point which is very well known, for example. U.S.A. itself does not manufacture base 
dielectric films. The base dielectric films there are all imported from somewhere. It is China, no 
doubt. It is Europe. It's us to a small extent with a little bit that we are able to do. So that is 
actually a huge opportunity. And I think that's very interesting. 
 
Incidentally, a question which is probably related to you, and I'll take the liberty of answering 
an assumed question because I thought someone would have asked me by now. That is what 
happens if Mr. Trump prevails? 
Tej Patel: 
Yes, sir. My follow-up was on that only. Our understanding.... 
C. Bhaskar: 
That I think is something very relevant. And believe me, that's an extremely interesting and a 
tricky situation. You see the way things look, the highest punitive duty would be on China, 
followed by India, perhaps, the way one imagines. Should that happen, we will have an edge 
over China. And yes, India will lose its edge over, say, Europe, a European supplier. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
However, that's where our Middle East plant comes into play. Because right now, he's not even talking 
about huge success on Middle East. So our Middle East will then come into play for supplies to, say, 
the U.S. So from a very self-mercenary perspective, I'm looking like what happens to me, I -- probably 
-- and what happens to our business in isolation of the rest of the world. I would not like to say we are 
not part of the global Indian situation, we are. 
 
But if a sense is applied on capacitor films in particular, on China and on India, the way they are 
talking, believe me, it would help India. And it would help us a little bit more when the Middle East 
plant goes on stream. And if there is nothing called a stress well, then we are no worse than where we 
are today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hiral Desai from Ethigrity Financial Services. 
Hiral Desai: 
So Bhaskar ji, I had just one question. On this Barjora line that we spoke about where we are currently 
doing the dry runs, would it be fair to assume that the commercial production will start by, let's say, 
September of this year? 
C. Bhaskar: 
I think that's a reasonable assumption. 
Hiral Desai: 
Okay. And so by the end of this year, what would be your hunch on the capacity utilization for this 
line? And broadly, I wanted to understand next year, can we hit the INR120 crores to INR150 crores 
revenue mark on the Barjora capacity? 
C. Bhaskar: 
See, it will depend on the product mix that we start off and the product mix that stabilizes as we go 
along. But on a volume basis, next year, we should be pretty much close to full capacity utilization. 
Hiral Desai: 
Okay. And so just sort of going back to what Pritesh had asked on the margin. So assuming that the 
Barjora capacity starts contributing in H2 of this year, would it be fair to assume that the EBITDA 
margin would have bottomed out this year? 
C. Bhaskar: 
I believe it would be fair to say we are at the bottom now. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, that was the last question. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thank you very much. Thank you everybody. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. C. Bhaskar for his closing comments. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thank you, ma'am. And thank you, friends who joined the call. I know some people would have had 
more questions, but happily, we are open to meeting as and when there are opportunities. 
 
We at Xpro India remain committed to consistently offer superior quality products backed by 
exceptional services to exceed customer expectations, which would aid us in being the industry leader 
in our chosen segments within the polymer industry. I trust we have been able to share relevant 
information. And if you require any further details, feel free to contact us, our Company Secretary or 
MUFG Intime, our Investor Relations partners. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Xpro India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
