 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
Registered Address: 3/3/2, Bellandur Gate, Sarjapura Main Road, Bengaluru -560103, Karnataka 
Tel:  080-6105 6000 | CIN: U62099KA2024PLC184626 | Website: www.digitide.com 
 
July 03, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd.,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai-400 001  
Scrip Code: 544413  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
“Exchange Plaza”,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: DIGITIDE  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, this is to inform that the Transcript of the Earnings Conference call, 
conducted through digital means on June 27, 2025; has been uploaded on the website of the 
Company under the following link: https://digitide.com/investors-updates/#disclosure  
(Financial Information). 
 
Request to please take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Neeraj Manchanda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl:- as above 
 
NEERAJ 
MANCHANDA
Digitally signed by 
NEERAJ MANCHANDA 
Date: 2025.07.03 
17:04:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Digitide Solutions Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURMEET CHAHAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – DIGITIDE SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED  
 
MR. SURAJ PRASAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DIGITIDE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DIWAKAR PINGLE – ERNST & YOUNG LLP 
 
 
 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Digitide Solutions Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Ernst & Young LLP. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle, Head, Investor Relations Advisory, 
Partner Strategy and Transactions from Ernst & Young. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thank you very much. Good day and ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Digitide Solutions 
Limited Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. This is the first earnings call post our listing. 
Please note that this call is being recorded. Today on the call, we have with us Gurmeet Chahal, 
CEO and Executive Director of Digitide and Suraj Prasad, Chief Financial Officer. Let me 
outline the agenda for today's call. 
 
We will begin with a brief overview of the company, its Q4 and FY '25 performance, after which 
we will open the floor for Q&A. During the call, we will make forward-looking statements. 
These statements consider the environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties 
that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in today's call. 
 
We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made in this call. With that said, 
I'll now turn over the call to Gurmeet Chahal for his opening remarks. Over to you, Gurmeet. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Diwakar, thank you. A very good evening or good morning, depending on where you're dialing 
in from. As Diwakar said, this is our first call post the listing. Very, very excited and looking 
forward to our continued discussions going forward. So from a Q4 perspective, first of all, like 
I said, it's our first inaugural call. This is a very significant milestone that actually marks the 
beginning of Digitide focused growth journey, building on a very strong foundation which was 
established when we were part of the Quess Corp. 
 
And now it gives us the opportunity to chart our own strategic course forward. The demerger 
was guided by a clear vision to unlock value, enhance the focus on the areas that we choose for, 
and thereby create long-term value for our customers, employees, and all our stakeholders. 
While we may be a newly listed company, we do bring a rich heritage of operational rigor and 
deep client trust, which has been our differentiator. 
 
Before we move to the business update, I'll just take a moment to share our roadmap for 
sustainable and profitable growth for the coming year. That we call the 3x3x3 strategy, you 
know. So this is a very disciplined approach designed to deliver 3x revenue growth by FY '31, 
by concentrating our efforts across three strategically selected verticals in each geography where 
we are playing, supported by three integrated service lines, which are going faster than the 
market. 
 
That can together create value for our clients and stakeholders. This focus has been guided by 
our recent portfolio decisions. We've systematically evaluated our portfolio and have identified 
and started to exit some low-value, non-strategic contracts so that, as a team, we can concentrate 
on high-value opportunities that align with our growth objectives. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
These portfolio optimization efforts will complete by Q2. And the impact, the starting impact is 
reflected in our Q4 financials, because Q4 is the first quarter where we actually started this 
process. While these decisions require some short-term adjustments, they position us to deploy 
capital and management focus more effectively for long-term value creation. 
 
Now, I did talk about the 3x3x3 strategy. That strategy is supported by five key execution pivots, 
and I'll quickly talk about each. First and foremost, we've strengthened our leadership team with, 
experts from industry who bring deep experience and in the verticals that we have chosen for. 
 
This leadership foundation ensures strong execution discipline and strategic alignment across all 
our business units. Second, we are making very focused and targeted investments in attracting 
and developing high-caliber talent across the organization while we continue to foster a 
performance-driven culture. Our focus is not just on hiring. 
 
It goes beyond that. It goes to creating an environment that promotes innovation, client success, 
and sustainable growth. In fact, you would have seen that we've been voted the 19th great place 
to work. It's an honor, and it's something which we are very passionate about. 
 
The third element of our execution pivot is organization structure, which eliminates 
inefficiencies and creates integrated teams that can deliver comprehensive solutions to our 
clients. And as we have stated, it's AI's first solution mandate that we have aligned ourselves to. 
 
This new structure enhances our responsiveness to the market needs while improving operational 
leverage and decision-making effectiveness. The fourth is around technology and AI integration. 
We are very consciously embedding advanced technologies, particularly AI and automation, 
across our service delivery model. 
 
This AI-first approach enhances both productivity and service quality while enabling us to offer 
differentiated solutions that will create sustainable, competitive advantage for us. So from that 
perspective, we see AI as value-accretive and that's why we've gone all-in on AI. Fifth element 
is we will pursue selective acquisitions and partnerships that complement our organic growth 
strategy, those that expand our capabilities and target verticals and of course, accelerate the 
market penetration. 
 
Our approach to inorganic growth is going to be very disciplined and focused on the strategic fit 
rather than chasing scale alone. Now I'm going to talk about Q4. We delivered consolidated 
revenues of INR733 crores, remaining stable sequentially while achieving a 6% year-on-year 
growth. 
 
The EBITDA for the quarter was 11.2%, which reflects our ongoing investments in leadership 
capabilities and market positioning alongside the exceptional costs of the demerger. Our 
international geographies now contribute to 36% of the revenues with a 7% growth year-on-year 
and our domestic business grew at a 5% year-on-year rate as well. As we have stated, our intent 
is to grow our international revenues faster, and I think we have already seen that. 
 
Now let me talk about the two segments, the business BPM or business process management. 
During the quarter, our BPM segment demonstrated continued momentum with 9% year-on-

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
year growth and sequential stability. Our customer lifecycle management business maintained a 
healthy growth of 3% sequentially and 16% year-on-year, while our non-voice business showed 
resilience with 2% sequential growth and 2% year-on-year increase. 
 
The tech and digital segment, this segment now contributes 27% of our total revenue. During 
the reset that we have started, we experienced a 1% sequential decline and 2% year-on-year 
decline. Like I said, this is due to the exit from some non-core lower margin business areas which 
are not in our focus. 
 
The area that we are focusing on, which is data, digital engineering, platform and services, that 
segment continued to demonstrate momentum with a 9% growth year-on-year. So the area that 
we want to focus on has grown 9% year-on-year.  
Coming to the full-year performance, on a full-year basis, our revenues grew at 6.3%. 
 
So today we are at INR2,875 crores with an EBITDA margin of 14%. Our adjusted PAT stood 
at INR133 crores for the year after accounting for exceptional cost of INR25 crores. For the full-
year, our BPM revenue stands at INR2,104 crores with a growth of 14.2% and an EBITDA 
margin of 16.2%. The tech and digital business saw a decline and now we are at INR770 crores.  
 
This decline was a result of our portfolio revisit which I talked about. The EBITDA for this 
segment stands at 12.1%. Q4, we maintained our strong sales momentum. We onboarded 35 
new clients and we have secured INR568 crores in TCV during the quarter. So a very good 
quarter for us from a sales perspective. 
 
Our client portfolio remains well diversified with balanced concentration levels that support both 
stability and growth. With that overview, I'll now turn the call over to my colleague, Suraj 
Prasad, our CFO and he'll walk us through a detailed review of our financial performance. Thank 
you very much. Over to you, Suraj. 
Suraj Prasad: 
Thank you, Gurmeet. Good evening, everyone. I'm really pleased to present First Financial 
Results as an independent publicly-listed company. I'll guide you through our Q4 and full-year 
Fiscal 25 performance and I'll highlight key financial themes that shaped the year. I'll also 
provide some updates on our capital structure and key operating metrics. 
 
Starting with the Q4 results, the revenue stood at INR733 crores, remaining flat sequentially and 
a 6% increase year-on-year. Our EBITDA was INR82 crores, achieving a margin of 11.2%. This 
sequential decrease of 391 basis points, like what Gurmeet alluded to, is primarily due to the 
strategic portfolio adjustments we had undertaken to optimise our future business model by 
planned to exit from some of our non-core businesses. And also the investment made in building 
our leadership and sales engine during this year. Adjusted PAT for the quarter was INR28 crores, 
a 16.4% sequential growth. For the full fiscal year, we delivered revenue of INR2,875 crores, 
6.3% year-on-year. EBITDA for the year is INR401 crores, with a 14% margin. This is down 
153 basis points year-on-year. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
And the profit after tax for the year was INR108 crores. As Gurmeet mentioned, adjusted for the 
INR25 crores and demerger-related expenses, the adjusted PAT is INR133 crores, at a 4.6% 
margin year-on-year decrease of 146 basis points. 
 
So after our comprehensive evaluation of our business portfolio, we initiated the ramp-down of 
certain non-core, low-efficiency businesses, starting from Q4. So our Q4 financials include 
charges related to some of the receivables which we have taken accelerated charges on, and any 
potential obligations from some of these discontinued businesses. We have also accelerated our 
expected credit loss policies to accommodate these changes in our business portfolio. 
 
Both our quarterly and full-year results reflect our selective investment in capabilities, talent, 
and offerings, and our new corporate structure as an independent listed company. These 
investments would continue over 2026 and putting us in good shape to pursue our long-term 
strategy as a $1 billion organization. Exceptional items primarily consist of the professional 
expenses towards demerger, and some of the write-downs towards the discontinued businesses 
which you can find in our financials. 
 
Moving on to the segment updates. On the BPM segment, we delivered a top-line of INR537 
crores during the quarter, a 0.5% sequential increase, and a 9.3% year-on-year growth. EBITDA 
for the quarter was INR77 crores, at a 14.4% margin. The EBITDA margin contracted by 150 
basis points quarter-on-quarter and 510 basis points year-on-year. Apart from the investment I 
alluded to earlier, this is also due to the ECL provisions, which we have now revised our flow 
rates based on the demerged company. 
 
Till Q3, this was part of the conglomerate flow rate structure. Now this has been based on 
digitide’s  specific flow rates. Our tech and digital segment recorded a revenue of INR196 crores, 
a decline of 1.4% quarter-on-quarter and 2.2% year-on-year. The EBITDA margin was 9.2% for 
the quarter. Q4, we faced some headwinds in our US geography, where some of our discretionary 
spending customers had put some projects on hold. This is more in line with the broader industry 
trends. On a full-year basis, tech and digital now contributed to 27% of our business. And from 
a geographic perspective, international revenue now contributes to 36% of our portfolio. As we 
mentioned earlier, these are the two growth vectors for us in our 1 billion journey.  
Moving on to corporate updates, one of our core capital structure priorities has been the 
reduction of debt, underscoring our commitment to maintaining a very healthy balance sheet and 
exercising disciplined cash management. As of the year-end, our gross debt stands at INR63 
crores with a net cash position of INR121 crores. Our working capital remains very healthy with 
a DSO of 70 days, a reduction of 6 days from the previous quarter. 
 
Our operating cash flow for the year is INR368 crores, representing a healthy 81% conversion 
to EBITDA. I must highlight that we also had a tax refund during this quarter for one of our 
subsidiaries. And adjusted for that, our OCF to EBITDA will be 74% for the year. With this, I'll 
hand over back to the moderator and happy to take your questions during this call. Thank you 
very much. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Krisha Tripani from Archer Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Krisha Tripani: 
Just wanted to congratulate the team and the company for the successful listing. Sir, we have 
been hearing this AI strategy and AI is the buzzword today. So just wanted your thoughts on this 
AI-first strategy. How Digitide is looking at the AI ecosystem as a whole? And what do you 
believe are the opportunities, risks, are there to consider from the rise of AI? This is my first 
question. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Krisha. Okay. So first of all, thank you. Yes, we are very excited as a listed company now. So 
your question about AI and how we are looking at AI. First and foremost, we believe AI is going 
to be value-accretive for us. On one hand, it allows us to be more efficient, manage our pyramids 
better, manage our operations better, reduce our attrition, which kind of adds to our bottom line. 
And then it allows us to differentiate our services and get into some areas where we may not 
have been there earlier.  
Also, you know, if you look at the pyramid of AI, about 10% effort goes into building the AI 
use case. But 30% to 40% effort goes into enabling the right data under it. And then 50% effort 
is all about process optimization. Given our heritage in the process and data, I mean, that's where 
we are seeing a lot of value getting unlocked. And that's an area where we can really grow our 
revenues from. So that's why we are very, very firm believer that AI is going to be value-
accretive for us. That's why we have gone all in. 
Second part of your question, how are we looking at AI? Look, I'll cover the risk also. First, let 
me walk you through the second part of your question that how are we looking at AI? So we are 
looking at AI from three lenses. The first lens is the lens of the industry. So AI for insurance will 
be different from AI for banking, different from AI for healthcare. So first is the lens of the 
industry.  
Second is the lens of the process. AI for customer care versus AI for finance and accounting 
versus AI for HRO. To give you an example, for the CLM or customer care business, we now 
have in production Agentic AI solution, we call it Q-Buddy, which complements our human 
agents, which becomes a guide to them, becomes a mentor and an assistant. And we are seeing 
remarkable results from that.  
The third lens is the lens of the persona. AI for CIO, AI for CFO, AI for Chief Marketing Officer. 
Their needs are different. Their expectations from AI are different. So like I said, we've gone all 
in. These are the three pivots. In fact, we have launched a brand for our AI offerings. The brand 
for AI is Pulse.ai. So all our AI offerings will be under the Pulse.ai brand going forward. So 
that's the second part.  
So I talked about, we see AI as value accretive. I talked about how we are approaching AI. Third 
question is, do we see AI as a risk? The short answer is no. Like I said, we see it as a value 
accretive. But we have done a sensitivity analysis on our portfolio. BPM is the portfolio where, 
you know, there's an opinion that AI might be a disruptor. However, BPM is not just one kind 
of a business. One has to peel the onion and look at deeper.  

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
The majority of our BPM business is platform-led or BPaaS where we have stickiness with the 
customers and we are actually embedding AI proactively into our platforms; be it the collections 
platform, be it the insurance platform that we have for the international markets. That's one thing. 
On the pure customer care, on pure CLM, 60% of our revenues are revenue enablement where 
we are actually enabling the revenue of our customers, where the human touch is critical. And 
that's where we have actually implemented the Q-Buddy, which can be an assistant to our human 
agents. So 40%, which is actually pure customer care. There are also the industries that we play 
in. Healthcare, fast growth tech, for them the human touch is imperative. Human touch is critical. 
We are not taking low-end customer care calls on telecom or some of the other industry verticals. 
We are doing work which requires context, which requires human touch, which requires 
empathy. I mean, if you're dealing with a healthcare, you know, with someone who is in need of 
healthcare, you need that empathy, which only a human can provide. 
And this segment of our business, even if I look at the grand scheme of things, this is less than 
10%. So theoretically, the exposure is less than 10% of our portfolio. But there also, because of 
the nature of the work and the kind of industries we are in, we believe it's not vulnerable to AI. 
And in any case, we are proactively making the investments to make it more robust to already 
get the benefits of AI, which we pass on to our customers. I hope that answers your question. 
Krisha Tripani: 
It does, sir. And that was really, really helpful and encouraging to know this. Just one more 
clarification and question is that in the presentation and in fact in your opening remarks also, 
you have mentioned that you have kind of completed hiring of key leadership. Can you throw 
some light and more color on what kind of a skill set you believe that you have brought into the 
system and how you believe that you can plan to build this going forward? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Okay, thank you. That's a great question, because leadership is the foundational element for 
successful strategy and execution. So, it's a stated goal that today, while our data and technology 
business is 27%, by financial year '31, we want it to be 40% of our revenue, then we will be $1 
billion. So clearly that's one area where we have added talent across the organizations.  
Let me give you a few examples. So, our Chief Revenue Officer, his name is Saket Bhatnagar. 
He is based in Chicago. He joins us from AWS. He was running the financial services business 
for AWS Professional Services. Prior to that, he was with Accenture. So he comes with deep 
technology experience. And this is not the experience in the legacy technology, it's in the 
modern, cloud native technology.  
Mohan, who runs our data and technology practice and delivery, he is a veteran from Wipro. 
And prior to that, Accenture comes with 20 plus years of experience. And then both Saket and 
Mohan have built their global teams from companies which are deep in technology and talent 
that has been selling the new age data cloud kind of skills. So that's one example.  
Second is, look, we are in the business of people. So the group CHRO, Ruchi Ahluwalia, she is 
now our CHRO, digitized CHRO, because this business is all about people. And that's why we 
are very, very passionate about the great place to work. And being in the top 25, we were actually 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
number 19, much higher than some of our bigger peers. It's a testament to our strategy on talent 
and leadership. 
 
We are all about execution, right? So a significant piece of our business is BPM. It's an at-scale 
business, 2,000 crores plus. We've hired Natarajan Laxsmanan, he goes by Nat, from Accenture. 
He brings deep operations and delivery capabilities. And he will be looking at the portfolio end-
to-end, which allows our business leaders like Naozer to focus on creating value for our 
customers. Naozer runs our India business.  
So we've hired our head of AI strategy, Sandeep Malhotra, he joins us from Coforge and HCL. 
Again, 20 plus years of experience, deep technology. He's been doing this kind of work for the 
last couple of years. So those are some examples of the kind of talent we have brought on board, 
which is aligned with our long-term strategy of growth, continuing our focus on customer 
excellence. 
 
I mean, look, our Net Promoter Score is one of the highest in the industry at 68. So we want to 
continue that. And then, as we are building new capabilities, we've got the new leaders who are 
then hiring their teams under them. I hope that answers your question. 
Krisha Tripani: 
Yes, sir. That does. And thank you very much. And I wish you all the very best. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities, Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So what are the shifts happening from traditional IT service model to AI and how the company 
plans to adapt it? And do management plan to create in-house expertise in AI? That was my first 
question.  
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Sanjay, like I explained, how we are aligning to the new shift is through that three-tier model, 
taking into view the industry nuances, the process supporting, and then the underlying enterprise 
work areas that are involved. So that's how we have aligned our AI strategy. Obviously, it 
requires a deep understanding of the process and data, which we have, and then building the AI 
use cases. 
Now, are we doing this in-house? It's a mix. We already have certain tools, accelerators, where 
we have enhanced them in AI. Second, we have built some cloud or AI native applications. 
Third, we are also partnering. You know, there are a clutch of startups which have come up with 
really good products. We are taking advantage of those. We are bringing the industry wrapper 
on top of it. So it's a combination. 
Sanjay Shah: 
My second question was, sir, what is the mix of service revenue and product subscription or 
license revenue? And what are the share of fixed rate contract or hourly rate contract to revenue? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Okay. So you had two questions. I mean, look, the platform business is in our BPM business, 
right? Which is the DPaaS. So, between the DPaaS and all the platform-led versus non-platform-

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
led, it's like 55% to 45%. On the contracts, majority of our contracts, almost 80% plus of our 
contracts are either managed services or fixed price. And then we have about 15% to 20% which 
are time and materials. 
Sanjay Shah: 
For FY ‘26, how Q&Q trajectory you underpin that are you already booking deals to support it? 
What are the deals we have already booked in which supports the optimism? And what share of 
FY ‘26 growth will come from tech and digital versus BPM? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Right. Okay. So look, why we are optimistic is we have seen -- if you see the Q4, we have done 
up to INR568 crores of TCV booking. And even in Q1, we are having a very good sales year so 
far. So that is where the optimism is coming from.  
As regards, look, this is the year where we have started the reset also. So fundamentally, the 
percentage mix in FY ‘26 will not be materially different from where we are today, between 
BPM and Tech and Digital, which is 73-27. So, it will not be materially different.  
However, when we exit the Q4, we will start seeing the acceleration on the Tech and Digital 
business after the reset. Like I said, the areas that we have chosen to focus, they grew 9% year 
on year. So that's where the encouragement is coming from. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sir, should we model any further de-merger related or legacy write-offs in FY ‘26, or is the 
cleanup completed? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So the cleanup optimization effort, as you can imagine, we have a fairly large business. So we 
started in all earnest in Q4 and like I mentioned by Q2, this should be taken care of. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Ankit Dharamshi from RNM Capital Trust.  
Ankit Dharamshi: 
So I have a follow-up question on the profitability. So, our EBITDA margin compared to Q3 
that we used to publish as a console in Quest increased. I mean, you told that there are some 
write-offs from the legacy business, which will be completed by Q2. So, what should be the 
steady state EBITDA margin for Digitide going forward?  
And our working capital is now 20% of the business. So is this what will remain? I mean, 70 
days, sales outstanding. How should we read it or there will be some improvement going ahead? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. So we've been consistent in giving the guidance back in FY ‘26. Overall, we should see 
100 to 150 basis point dip. And then we start scaling back, given all the investments that we are 
making for the long term. So that's on the margin profile. Obviously, the second half of the year 
will be better versus first half. 
And on your second question, yes, the base is outstanding is an area of focus for us. Today we 
are at about 70 days, both built plus unbuilt. And that's something that we want to bring down. 
And you will see positive movement in that going forward. 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
Any ballpark figure? I mean, what is it we are targeting to end or close our FY ‘26 with? 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
On the DSO. See, I think we should expect a 5% to 7% improvement in that at a minimum which 
helps us in improving our OCF to EBITDA as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
Yes, I just want to understand about the order booking and the revenue conversion kind of thing. 
Our order booking is lower than our revenue this quarter. Because I think we have limited data 
available. Can you help us understand how these two play out in our business order book and 
order book to revenue conversion.  
And if you can help us understand book to bill kind of ratio, how to understand that and what to 
do with the pipeline? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So our pipeline right now is at 2.2 times our revenue. So it's a very, very healthy pipeline. Just 
the global pipeline that I'm talking about. And typically any contract that any business that we 
pick up, if we pick up a business in the first quarter, the revenue conversion is about 40%.  
After taking into account the transition. And then for second quarter, it's about 30%, which is 
the industry standard. So we are actually in the same bracket. 
Dipesh: 
So my question was more about the order intake. Your order intake is, let's say, lower than your 
revenue current quarter. If I look at it, you have book INR568 crores order booking and revenue 
was 733. So roughly around 80% less is the number. Does it imply your revenue growth will 
have a deterioration? And that is what I try to understand. Book to bill generally remain above 
1. In your case, it is below 1. If you can give some sense? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Okay. Sorry, I misunderstood your question. So look, if you see historically, I mean, when we 
share our bookings, we don't include the renewals, etc. This is only new bookings which is EN 
and NN bookings as the industry calls it. We don't include the renewals. If we include the 
renewals, then it is definitely above 1. So that's why we are confident about the growth that we 
have outlined for the coming financial year. I hope that clarifies your question. 
Dipesh: 
The question is about the booking. You said we give only net new and existing new. Renewal is 
not covered there. So, if you can give me what is the mix between renewal and that new portion? 
And second question around the same thing is about what would be the, let's say, typical 
conversion of those things in terms of what would be the tenure to convert this booking to 
revenue? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. So look, typically in every quarter looking at our run rate, about roughly 150 days to 200 
days renewal at any point of time in a quarter. So if I add that, we are above the 733. Also keep 
in mind, Dipesh, that this quarter, like we said, as a reset quarter, there was certain kind of 
business that we have not -- that we have been staying away from. So that temporary impact is 
also there in quarter 4 and it will continue to quarter 1 and quarter 2. And from a conversion, is 
your question that how is the conversion in the year from a CV perspective? Is that your 
question? Into the revenue? 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Dipesh: 
Yes so my question is about what will be the way to consumption happen from booking 
perspective? Let's say you have INR568 crores. Typically INR568 crores, what will be the tenure 
of that contract? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So most of our contracts are typically 3-year contracts, 3 year plus. However, in the technology 
and data business, we also see 1-year contracts because some of that work is project related 
work. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav from Capital Farming Consultants. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Hi, thanks for giving an opportunity. I hope my voice is audible. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. 
Gaurav: 
So my first question is, I think, a follow up on the same question, like in the deck that we have 
published post Q4 results, that in the Q4, we have declared TCV of INR568 crores. So if you 
can guide that, what was the TCV for the entire FY '25? And out of that how much has been 
converted into revenue within the FY '25? And how much is expected to be converted into 
revenue in FY '26 and onwards? That is my first question. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Go ahead. What's your second question? 
Gaurav: 
Yes. So second question will be like, we are starting with FY '26 with a capital, I would say with 
an equity base of approximately INR900 crores, right. And we aspire to have a return on equity 
of 18%. Whereas currently we are running approximately 12% ROI, or I would say ROE, right? 
So assuming that our target of 18% by FY '31, that is 6 years from now, any midterm plan that 
by FY '28, we plan to achieve at least ROE of 15%, right. Which will include our capital 
allocation policy as well, because we have intended that we would be looking for inorganic 
growth via some acquisitions. 
So I'm assuming over here that whatever cash flow we will be generating, we will be preserving 
that cash flow for strengthening the balance sheet and having the proper cash to ascertain that 
the acquisition is there, right, in a couple of years down the line. So these are my two questions 
as of now. Thank you. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. So on the first one, and I think Dipesh has also ask this question. Typically our benchmark 
is that for the bookings that we have done in the previous year, there's a revenue realization of 
about 55% to 58%, okay. Because typically the contracts that we book in the first quarter, within 
the same year, they give you about 40%, but obviously from the previous year, the benchmark 
is about 55% to 58%, which is an industry benchmark. And we are in line with that. 
On your second question, and Suraj, if you want to chime in on that, but the way I understood 
this, our appetite, I mean, what gives us the runway for acquisition, right. So look, we are a zero 
debt company. So even if we were to be under two leverage, we can raise that up to INR1800 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
crores, which gives us both the confidence and runway for any inorganic strategy that we want 
to execute. So the strong balance sheet is going to help us essentially. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri f from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hi, sir.  I just wanted to kind of get a few clarifications from what we've kind of spoken about 
right now. So we are seeing like a 100 basis points EBITDA can be suppressed due to a lot of 
investment and restructuring that we are going to do. So that would be over FY '25 or FY '24 
based because they also are slightly different. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Okay. So, as we had mentioned earlier, in FY '26 we should expect a 100 to 150 basis point dip, 
given all the investments that we are making, all the restructuring that we are doing and the 
business model pivot that we are doing. So we stay consistent with that. And as in one of the 
previous questions, it was asked that, you know, versus H1 versus H2. Yes, H2, we will start 
seeing the buildup. But for the full year, we stay consistent with the 100 to 150 basis point dip 
in FY '26. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. And in terms of revenue, sir, how do we see FY '26 panning out, sir? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. So, you know, if you look at our history, we have grown up. I mean, if you look at the last 
4 years, we have grown at about 12% CAGR, right? With all the changes that we are making, 
all the focus we are bringing, we believe we should be in that cohort, despite the restructuring 
that we are doing, the one-time restructuring and one-time exit from the low-value non-core 
areas of focus. So we should be in the mid-teens. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Raki Nath from Nasir Investment. Please go ahead. 
Raki Nath: 
Good evening and congratulations on a decent listing. Sir, my question again would go back to 
your relationship with Quess. Would you maintain the same kind of dividend distribution policy 
which Quess has been doing thus far, sir? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. So you know, and thank you for your congratulatory note. When it comes to the dividend 
policy, that's something that we are working on. And when we do the quarter one release, we'll 
talk about that. However, I also want to reiterate, given that we are very focused on growth, 
given our 3x strategy of 3x revenue growth, our priority is going to be investing in the business 
for growth. That will be our priority, whether it is organic growth or inorganic growth. But we 
will be coming up with a comprehensive dividend policy when we do the next earnings call. 
Raki Nath: 
And in terms of your top-line growth, we could expect around 7% to 8% on a certainty basis 
over March FY ‘25 to FY ‘26, sir? I mean, a combined growth of 7% to 8%? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes, I think at a minimum, we should be better than that. And like I said, we are also taking 
some restructuring, taking some calls on the non-core business. Yes, net of that, we should 
definitely be better than that. 
Raki Nath: 
And sir, one previous question was asked that whether this 100 dip in EBITDA would be over 
25 or 24. So could we be looking more of a 13% or a 12%-ish EBITDA, sir? 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So I think when we are exiting the year, we should be back into the 13% to 13.5% cohort when 
we are exiting the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Raj Shah from Flare Investments. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Hi, good evening. My question was regarding EBITDA margin only. So it is like if you are 
closing at around 13% or 13.5%, can we see the same margin from the next quarter? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Of course. Like I said, we will be closing when we exit the year. And then obviously, by that 
time, all the impact of the changes would be behind us. And we will be looking at improvement 
from thereafter. Because as we have been saying that in the long term, medium to long term, we 
expect a 200 to 300 basis points improvement. In the first year, we expect 100 to 150 points. So 
absolutely. After that, you should see the things going up. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Naresh Naikar from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Naresh Naikar: 
Yes. Very good evening, sir. The business is doing extremely good. All the verticals are 
performing. But if you know, the investors are extremely concerned about the subdued listing 
and the current stock market price of Quess and Digitide. So when the investor assumes that 
whenever demerger happens, some value unlocking will happen. But in our case, it doesn't 
happen, sir. I just want to know what are the other affects you are taking to improvise the 
visibility of company among the markets? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Thank you for your question. So from a visibility perspective, I mean, look -- yes, we got listed 
about two weeks back. Our first intent was to focus on the demerger and successful listing, which 
we have done. Second was to relaunch our brand, which we have done. In fact, we did a customer 
event in Mumbai, which was attended by 200 of our customers and partners. 
 
We have been reaching out to the investor community, both the buy side and sell side, and that 
coverage will continue. Yes, given that there was a silence period and then another silence 
period, we had a very short window. But that is an activity which we will continue. 
 
You would also have seen a couple of our press interactions, both from Mr. Ajit Isaac and 
myself, so that people at large know what we are doing, where we are doing. In fact, today's 
Economic Times has actually carried a very nice article on Digitide related to the 19 greatest 
places to work, which is a compliment to our business, right? 
 
So you can see that it's in the Economic Times, an article that the paper has published. Starting 
with, at the end of the day, we have to focus on our customers and partners first, which we are 
doing, along with making our investors understand our value thesis, which I think we've been 
making that effort. 
 
And then, of course, the social media and the brand awareness, which I hope if you have noticed 
in the last 6 months, given a relatively new brand, our social media presence has gone up 
immensely. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Naresh Naikar: 
Understood, sir. Sir, but after demerger, there is no broker report covering on Bluspring and 
Digitide, sir. I haven't seen the report. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
 We were in a silent period till about 6th of June. So the first interaction we started with the sell 
side was actually in the first week of June. So now I think shortly thereafter, you will start seeing 
our coverage in the reports, the sell side reports. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Yash, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Yash: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great listing. So we've been waiting for this 
for a long time. And my question to the leadership team is that, so we have made very good 
operating cash flow of INR324 crores and also free cash flow is INR260 crores? 
 
But obviously, profit margin is mostly hit by the depreciation amortization to the tune of INR192 
crores. So just want to understand, are these any 1x things or going forward that depreciation 
amortization amounts continue to be on that line only? So just want to clarify this on that. Thank 
you. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Suraj, do you want to take that? 
Suraj Prasad: 
Yes, I'll take that, Gurmeet. Thank you, Yash. Thank you for the question. So in this business 
where the lease premises are fundamental to our delivery model for BPM that will remain as 
such in that sense. But if you have looked at our long-term strategy, where our BPM portfolio 
will be not growing as fast as the tech and digital, this component of our lease liabilities as a 
proportion will also keep on reducing. 
 
So on the long-term perspective, the composition where we are looking at is mostly on the US 
geography, as well as on the tech and digital side of things where this will not be a big component 
in our business. 
 
So the current state of things where almost 73% of our business is from BPM. That's why you'll 
find that significant in terms of the overall portfolio. But this will keep tapering down as we go 
forward towards the FY '31 journey. 
 
Does that answer the question, Yash? 
Yash: 
Yes, definitely. So because even the prior caller has mentioned, the market hasn't taken note of 
the cost properly. Most people, they go with the income statement. That was the reason. So 
though we made excellent numbers in the operating cash flow, so that was the reason I asked 
this question. And all the best for your team and good luck to all the employees. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Shubham, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shubham: 
Yes, so my question is also very similar to the previous participant. So if I see the EBITDA 
margin for last year or this year, it is around 15%. But when it comes to PAT, it is around 5% 
PAT margin. So there is a 10% kind of thing that goes into depreciation and these accounting 
and all that. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
June 27, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
So how will that shape up? We have the clarity on EBITDA margin. It will be 18%. That is what 
you have guided for FY '31. But what about the PAT margin? And how will the free cash flow 
look like? What is the percentage on that? Do we have an understanding on that also? 
Suraj Prasad: 
Sure. I can take that. So Shubham, what you see is that from a lease, IndAS116 accounting 
perspective, you would find that from an EBITDA, you can safely assume that 5% of it goes 
into our lease depreciation accounting, so to say. So from that, from that onward towards the 
PAT, we have now for the first year, you will have an independent tax liability for Digitide. 
 
We have been part of Quess earlier, where the overall tax obligation was more or less nil, given 
the tax positions Quess had. Now that will be an incremental impact, which is 53 crores for FY 
25. Now moving forward, the linearity of our EBITDA would be what Gurmeet has guided to. 
In the PAT, you would find it climbing more steeply, because as I mentioned earlier, the lease 
liabilities would be a smaller component in the overall mix of revenue. 
 
And at the same time, we have an effective tax rate, which will be more or less a constant. So 
with the growth trajectory we have set for ourselves, our PAT margin should be expanding 
slightly higher than your EBITDA margins, in the normal course of business. 
Shubham: 
And sir, do we have a number for that? Like 18%, suppose our EBITDA margin is 18%, what 
will the PAT margin look like? Have you modelled that also? Can you put a number also for 
that, an approximate number? 
Suraj Prasad: 
Not at the moment, Shubham. One thing which you have to keep in mind also is that we have 
pursued this inorganic strategy also as one of our levers. So that will also play into the larger 
scheme of things when it comes to the PAT. And we are fairly confident that with the inorganic, 
we will be able to grow that faster than the EBITDA. But at the moment, I would not be able to 
give you a number to it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference back over to Mr. Gurmeet Chahal for closing comments. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Thank you. First of all, thank you everyone for joining our inaugural call. Thank you for your 
questions. If there were some questions that we could not cover, please channel them to us and 
we will definitely address those. 
 
And once again, thank you. And we are very excited about Digitide. We are very excited about 
the value that we are going to create for our employees, our customers, and our shareholders. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Digitide Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
