  
 
May 30, 2025 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
Dept. DSC_CRD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001          
BSE Scrip Code: 506222 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block,          
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (‘E’) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: STYRENIX 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Investors / Analysts held on May 25, 2025 
Ref:         Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 21, 2025 informing about the earnings call organized 
by the Company on May 25, 2025, please find attached Investor Call Transcript for your 
record purposes.  
 
The transcript is also being uploaded on website of the Company and the same can be 
downloaded from following path: 
 
www.styrenix.com – Investors – Earnings Call – Call recordings & Transcripts 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
 
 
 
Chintan Doshi 
Manager – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As Above  
CHINTANKUMAR 
SURESHCHANDR
A DOSHI
Digitally signed by 
CHINTANKUMAR 
SURESHCHANDRA DOSHI 
Date: 2025.05.30 10:52:19 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
  
 
 
“Styrenix Performance Materials Limited Q4 FY-25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL AGRAWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS LIMITED 
MR. BHUPESH P. PORWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS 
LIMITED 
MR. CHINTAN DOSHI – MANAGER – LEGAL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY, STYRENIX PERFORMANCE 
MATERIALS LIMITED 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Styrenix Performance Materials 
Limited Conference Call. 
We have with us today from the Management of Styrenix Performance Materials 
Limited, Mr. Rahul Agrawal – Managing Director; Mr. Bhupesh P. Porwal – Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Chintan Doshi – Manager – Legal and Company Secretary. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Further, on behalf of the management of the company, we would like to remind the 
participants that this call is being conducted subject to, and in line with the disclaimer 
mentioned in the investor presentation as is available on the stock exchanges. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhupesh P. Porwal. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Porwal. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, Namaste everyone. I am pleased to 
welcome you to our Q4 and the period ended March 2025 Conference Call. As we 
reflect on our performance in Fiscal Year 2025, I am delighted to announce that we 
have witnessed a robust demand for our products in FY '25, marking a significant 
growth trend. 
As informed earlier in the last quarter, we have executed the management handover 
for INEOS Styrolution of the Thailand company on January 17, 2025. Some details of 
its assets, infrastructure and business has been mentioned by MD in his message in the 
investor's presentation.  
Coming to the financial performance: 
Q4 FY '25 highlights. Sales volume for Q4 was 48.3KT versus 47.5KT in Q3 FY '25. 
That is, it has increased by 1.7%, and by 9.5% compared to Q4 FY '24, which was 44.1 
KT. Revenue stood at Rs. 702 crores in FY '25 Q4 versus Rs. 691 crores in Q3 FY '25, 
that is increased by 1.6% and increased by 17.2% compared to Q4 FY '24, which was 
Rs. 599 crores. PBDIT stood at Rs. 83 crores that is 11.8% versus Rs. 75.4 crores that 
is 10.9% in Q3 FY '25, and Rs. 74.2 crores, 12.4% in Q4 FY '24. PAT stood at Rs. 53.1 
crores in Q4, that is 7.6% versus Rs. 47.7 crores, 6.3% in Q3 FY '25.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
Coming to the yearly highlights: 
Sales volume has been increased by 12.8%. It has gone from 164 KT to 186 KT. 
Revenue has grown by 23.5% in comparison to the previous year, growing from Rs. 
2,222 crores to Rs. 2,744 crores. 
PBDIT stood at Rs 356 crores, that is 12.9%, which is better by 0.7% compared to FY 
'2024. And PAT stood at Rs. 232 crores that is 8.5% which is better by 0.8% compared 
to FY '2024. The company has acquired Styrenix Performance Materials (Thailand) 
Limited in January 2025 only, and the consolidated results for the year ended March 
31, 2025 includes financial results of subsidiaries. 
But in the previous year 2023-'24, the company did not had any subsidiaries. Therefore, 
only stand-alone financial statements were prepared. Accordingly, the previous years 
and quarter's figures, both presented in the consolidated financial statements are 
derived from the stand-alone financial statements of the company, and are not 
comparable with the current year's consolidated figures. 
Coming to the consolidated highlights for Quarter 4: 
Sales volume was overall 65 KT, revenue stood at Rs. 940 crores, PBDIT stood at Rs. 
90 crores that is 9.57%, PAT stood at Rs. 56.2 crores that is 6%.  
Consolidated for the yearly highlights, sales volume was 203 KT, revenue was Rs. 
2,982 crores, PBDIT stood at Rs. 362 crores that is 12.2%, and PAT was Rs. 235.1 
crores in Q4, that is 7.9%. This is all about financial highlights for the quarter and year-
ended March 2025. And now we may proceed to answer the questions you may have. 
Thank you very much.  
Operator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. Please go ahead.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, hello, sir. Great set of numbers. So, first small clarification from the presentation. 
In our Chairman's comments, we mentioned about starting 50,000 ton production 
earlier, and it mentioned 2026 itself. So, does it mean FY '26 or Calendar Year '26? 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, Calendar Year '26. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Understood. Okay. So, that capacity will be reflected like in FY '27 then. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That's correct.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Sorry, '27, you will be studying the capacity? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. It will be towards the end of financial year, you can say '26-'27. So, you will get 
some benefit of it potentially in the next financial year, and the full benefit would come 
in the following financial year.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Understood. So, our installed capacity as of today would be 2,05,000 ton, ABS and 
polystyrene combined? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The combined capacity now that we would have for this year, because in the last year, 
we did a lot of debottlenecking activities and we did some improvements as well. The 
total capacity which we believe for this financial year would be to the tune of around 
200,000 tons roughly. Yes. 
Dhaval Shah: 
200,000 tons which will be available for the entire current year?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Correct.  
Bhupesh p. Porwal: 
Yes.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So, now we did around 1,85,000 ton. Sure. Please go on, sir. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We do believe that we would be carrying out some additional work, which could 
further augment some of that capacity in the middle of this year, but exactly how much 
that will enhance the overall capacity too is a little difficult to ascertain at this stage. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. So, if the demand is there, can we grow our volumes by 10% over FY '25 
volumes, which is around 1,85,000 ton? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We believe so. 
Dhaval Shah: 
We will have that much capacity to add another 10% on 1,85,000 ton.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, we could. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So, 200,000 ton for the current year capacity, and then you have some 
debottlenecking. And then for FY '26, how much capacity will we have? How much 
growth can be supported? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think if you refer back to our old investor presentation, we have outlined some 
numbers where we have mentioned exactly how the capacities will grow. Now, some 
of these are estimates, based on the activities which come in the middle of the year and 
are hard to predict exactly what that would happen. However, that forms a rough 
guideline and that would be true in this instance as well.  
So, essentially even this year, we do believe that our effective capacity will be actually 
a little bit more than 200,000 ton. Whether it will be 205 or 210 will depend on exactly 
when we are able to complete these activities in the middle of this year. 
Again, like I mentioned, we do intend to add additional ABS capacity in the middle of 
the next financial year. So, that will add some capacity for us in the next financial year 
as well. So, I think we have given some guidelines on where those capacities will end 
up, and I think it will be in line with that. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it. So, now coming to the P&L, if you look at the other expenses, now our other 
expenses for the quarter is around Rs. 80 crores and we have done 48,000 tons, vis-a-
vis compared to the last quarter, December quarter, it was Rs. 68 crores of other 
expenses and for a 47,500 ton volume. So, the additional increase in other expenses 
around Rs. 12 crores would be attributed to what? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we have had some extraordinary expenses, one-off expenses in the quarter. 
Essentially, we have had roughly Rs. 11 crores, which can be attributed to certain name 
change expenses in GIDCs. We have 2 GIDC plants. We have a plant in Dahej, and 
we have a plant in Nandesari, which is under GIDC. 
And when we took over management control of the company, this required us to 
change the name registered with GIDC from INEOS Styrolution to Styrenix, and this 
process sometimes takes longer. So, this process while it has not been completed fully, 
it is coming to an end and we have taken a provisional expense to the tune of Rs. 11 
crores for that, which obviously is not a recurring expense. So, it's a 1-time expense, 
which has been incurred in the last quarter. 
Also, there has been an additional expense, kind of an extraordinary expense, which is 
related to acquisition of the Thailand company, which is to the tune of Rs. 4 crores. So, 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
about you can say Rs. 15 odd crores is an additional expense we have had in the last 
quarter, which is a one-off expense and would not be a recurring cost to the company.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So, let us say that this change of name is costing Rs. 11 crores or does it have 
some like… 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, the industrial development corporation in Gujarat, I am assuming this would be 
similar for the rest of India as well, whenever there is a name change, basically the 
property is transferred to the new company's name. At that time, there is a fee, which 
has to be paid to the industrial development corporation, and essentially this is a 
provision towards that. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Understood. Got it. And sir, last question.  
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
And also payment to the revenue authorities is there. So, both GIDC as well as Stamp 
Duty to revenue authorities. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Correct. Basically towards that line item, multiple expenses would be there.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Would be there. Okay. And sir, how will be your outlook on spreads for the current 
quarter, Q1 '26? Does the current trend continue? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Dhaval, we do not give forward-looking statements, but all I can say is that we are in 
line to meet our targets for this year as well. And to the extent capacity is available for 
us, we should be able to have the revenue and growth which we predict.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Noted, sir. Thank you very much. Good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Kalash Jain from AlfAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kalash Jain: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations on good set of numbers. 
So, sir, firstly, I just wanted to gain your view on the path for the Thailand acquisition 
and how the business will go on. So, any light you can give on the Thailand business?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Do you have any other questions, Kalash? Because I would like to capture all your 
questions before answering.  
Kalash Jain: 
Yes, yes, sir. And my other question would be related to our sales volume in the 
Thailand plant. So, just 2 questions from my end.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. So, as far as the Thailand business is concerned, I think Mr. Porwal already 
mentioned, we took management control on the 17th of January. So, effectively, in the 
last quarter, we had a little less than 2.5 months of running the plant and the business. 
In that time, in terms of overall volumes, it is to the tune of around 17,000, 18,000 tons 
of sales, which we have done from there, which is in line with what the plant has been 
doing. Overall, we do have a target to increase that capacity utilization in the plant over 
there. 
And we have taken a lot of steps, such as expanding our sales infrastructure and 
strengthening the efforts in terms of validation with newer products as well from that 
plant. We do believe there is a great opportunity for us to do that.  
One of the positives that we have observed in the last quarter is that we have run the 
plant at a very high capacity utilization, just to be sure that the plant and the asset can 
support higher volumes when they would be required from that facility, with the 
demand coming in. So, that has been effectively achieved, and that's a very positive 
sign.  
We do believe that, with all the efforts that we are putting in, we would have within a 
reasonable period of time, be able to achieve very high capacity utilizations with the 
Thailand business. So, we don't give, again, like I said, forward-looking statements. 
That business, in terms of the customer profile, the profile is similar, but the markets 
are a little bit different. So, we will need a little bit of time before we can be exactly 
sure of when those capacities would be completely filled up.  
Kalash Jain: 
Okay, got it, sir. And, sir, just on the realization at the Thailand plant. So, like what 
would the path look like, and in how much time can we take our realization on the 
upward scale? And secondly, on the cost perspective. So, for the Thailand part, how 
would the cost work and will it be in the higher range only or how does it work? So, 
just wanted your view on it. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, it's a process, Kalash. Like I mentioned, it's a business we have recently taken over. 
For the price that has been paid for the asset, we do believe there is significant value 
that will be generated from that asset for the organization as a whole. There are multiple 
technologies which will also be of great benefit to the organization in Thailand as well 
as in India. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Market access is another key aspect as well as the capacities. So, based on these 3 
strengths that the Thailand entity offers, we do believe from a medium to long-term 
perspective, there will be significant value which will be generated in terms of product 
mix, in terms of markets.  
And obviously, eventually all of this will affect the realizations in the business as well. 
Exactly what those realizations are going to be is very difficult to assess at this stage. 
Obviously, as you can tell from the result, we have had a positive quarter in the first 
quarter of the acquisition itself. I think that's a positive sign and a good sign. 
There is a lot of work to be done in terms of improving our cost position in Thailand, 
in terms of capacity utilization, which would obviously also improve our cost position, 
in terms of capacity product mix improvements. 
So, all of these things we are working on and we do believe that after a reasonable 
period of time, we will be able to shed more light on that. But I think it's a positive sign 
for all the investors to note very clearly that there is a positive contribution from 
Thailand from the first quarter itself. 
Kalash Jain: 
Okay. And sir, just last, the volumes that we did in our Thailand subsidiary, so it was 
totally for the domestic-only or like you had exported some of the volumes? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Are you talking about Thailand business for domestic as in within Thailand?  
Kalash Jain: 
Yes, yes, within Thailand. So, all these volumes were within Thailand or you had 
exported some?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we do export a fair bit of product from our Thailand facility. We do have significant 
exports into China, into Japan, into Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia, and Thailand as well. 
We don't give the exact breakup right now. This is a little bit sensitive information with 
regards to our competition in that region right now. But I can say that more than 50% 
is definitely exported out of Thailand.  
Kalash Jain: 
Okay, sir. That was really helpful. Thank you so much.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sure. 
Kalash Jain: 
Thank you.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
(Operator Instructions). Should you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. 
We'll take the next question from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Radha: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question was, in an AC, 
refrigerator or a washing machine, I wanted to understand what is the total content in 
terms of kg separately for PS and ABS? And also, over the years, how has this content 
evolved? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Hi, Radha. Do you have any other questions? 
Radha: 
Yes, sir, 2 more. Okay, I will state it. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Ask all your questions. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. Second question, I wanted to understand customer preferences for 
conventional ABS when compared to mass ABS, especially in terms of cost and 
surface finish. So, could you please explain in detail why a customer might choose 
conventional ABS over mass ABS?  
And the third question is that, what are the advantages of having SAN as a backward 
integration, especially in context of our ABS production? So, does our business model 
with in-house SAN integration offer a competitive edge over players, focused solely 
on mass ABS? Those are the 3 questions I have. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. So, with regards to refrigerators, washing machines, and ACs, the content of 
ABS and PS does vary quite a bit. If I look at the ABS consumption in, say, 
refrigerators and washing machines, it can be anywhere from 700 grams to as high as 
about 2.5 kilograms to 3 kilograms, depending on the size and the model, which we 
are talking about.  
In air conditioner, it can be either HIPS or ABS, broadly speaking, which is the body. 
And that is, again, around 1.5 kilograms per unit on the PS side. The polystyrene in 
refrigerators and washing machine, again, is to the tune of, again, around between 500 
grams or 600 grams to about 3 kilos, again, depending on the size and model of the 
machine or the appliance. 
The evolution of usage of both these polymers, it has grown over the years. In fact, as 
more premiumization of consumer appliances has taken place, there is certain 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
aesthetics which are important. And in those aesthetics, ABS plays a key role. As it's 
a paintable product. Also, offers electroplating and offers a very high level of gloss. 
And you can do pre-colors in many, many different shades, including metallic stuff. 
So, there are a lot of advantages of these polymers. And as the models have become 
bigger, the consumptions have increased. And obviously, as they have become more 
premium, we have seen higher volumes grow in that per unit as well. 
With regards to your question on conventional versus mass ABS, in India, currently, 
there is no mass ABS which is being sold. We are not exactly sure what would be the 
preference. So, I am not sure exactly how this will play out in the marketplace.  
We do understand that as far as conventional ABS is concerned, we have a lot of 
versatility in being able to provide several different grades and customization, which 
can be carried out because it's not a continuous process, obviously.  
So, like you asked a question about SAN as backward integration. So, this question is 
also interlinked, because when we produce SAN and we produce rubber, we have a 
great deal of flexibility on what grade we can produce for the end customer. So, even 
for different applications within, say, ABS, there are different SAN grades, which can 
be developed, because SAN, for instance, provides the chemical resistance for the final 
product. It also provides high tensile. So, when these properties are required, at a higher 
level, then we can adjust the dosage or the percentage of SAN accordingly.  
There are, of course, a lot of other nuances of how the SAN would be used and what 
properties it would add. And I have just captured very few of these in explaining this 
advantage to you. But definitely, SAN, I would not say it's purely backward 
integration, SAN actually is an end-use product as well. We do sell in the market close 
to 18,000 tons. 
In fact, we do a lot of sale of SAN from our Thailand facility as well. And we have 
some very special SAN also in our Thailand facility, which eventually will help us in 
developing more applications in India as well, not to mention other markets.  
Yes, so, there is a lot of advantages of having SAN. And we will see as far as 
conventional and mass ABS goes, how the market develops. But currently, 100% of 
the market is the emulsion ABS route which we produce currently. 
Radha: 
Sir, you mentioned that in AC, HIPS and ABS is used. So, since ABS is costlier per 
kg compared to HIPS, please explain a bit on how is both used in the same product? 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
And second follow-up is in terms of cost of production, will in-house SAN have lower 
cost of production for manufacturing ABS, when compared to mass ABS? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, as far as ACs are concerned, typically, it is a philosophy of the manufacturer, 
because both the products are used essentially for the body of the indoor unit. And for 
the outdoor unit, for instance, there is also some glass-filled ABS, which is used. 
Polystyrene is not used in that instance. But it's only for the indoor unit where you 
could use HIPS or ABS. 
So, some of it has to do with exactly how the positioning of the manufacturer is of the 
particular model that they offer, and the properties they wish to have within their unit. 
And that would determine. 
In terms of pricing, while the pricing generally of ABS would be a little bit higher, we 
have seen the reverse happening as well between HIPS and ABS at times for that 
specific application. But many times, companies when they are doing a specific usage, 
they stick to that for a longer period and do not change based on the volatility 
associated with it very quickly.  
Radha: 
In terms of cost of production, sir? For the in-house and… 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, in mass ABS, I am not an expert on mass ABS since we don't produce. But from 
what I understand in mass ABS, there is no SAN which is per se produced. It's an in-
situ process of producing mass ABS directly. So, there is no real comparison between 
SAN and mass ABS. 
Radha: 
Understood sir. Thank you for answering all my questions. I will join back the queue. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Nirali Gopani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Rahul, just 1 clarification. So, if I take out the 
exceptional nature of other expense, the Thailand EBITDA margin is also quite 
reasonable of around 8% to 9%. So, is that understanding correct? And if yes, how 
were we doing this in the first quarter?  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, no. Bhupesh, can you shed more light on exactly the EBITDA margin of the 
Thailand? Because the exceptional items are for the Indian business, not for the 
Thailand business. But Bhupesh can give more idea on exactly what the EBITDA is 
on our Thailand business. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Yes, sure. So, the extraordinary expenses which was explained by MD in 1 of the 
earlier questions are for the stand-alone basis for the India company. For the Thailand 
company, the EBITDA has been 4.1% for this quarter. And I think from last, since we 
have taken over, this is the first quarter and it is a positive one, and earlier all quarters 
have been in red, in fact. So, this is a very, very big change, and welcome change in 
this quarter for the Thailand business. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay, perfect, perfect. And also, in our earlier presentation when we indicated the 
growth plan, so we have some deep bottle-necking plan for FY '26, which you also 
mentioned in your remarks for FY '27 also. And then we are preponing our ABS 
capacity. So, what gives you this confidence of utilizing this capacity as and when it 
comes up? Because we have now additional capacity from Thailand also. So some 
qualitative comments will be very helpful. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So the Thailand entity, essentially the product made in the Thailand entity, there is no 
significant sale to India from the Thailand entity. The market is a little bit different in 
terms of the product that we produce from Thailand.  
In India, of course, whatever we have done over the last few years, we have been able 
to effectively produce more and sell whatever we have been able to produce. So that is 
a basis of confidence for us. We started at an average run rate of about 120,000 tons of 
all products put together. 
We were doing about 60,000 tons of ABS when we took over management control 
from the previous management in '22. From there, we are at about 186 last year, which 
is growth of more than 50%. And we have been able to do that without compromising, 
in terms of realization. 
So we do believe that the market will grow over the period of expansions, which we 
are planning and additional capacities which are coming in the market. And the market 
overall would still be able to support, essentially all the capacities which should be 
available from local producers. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. And I know you never comment on the EBITDA margin, but what we have 
done in Q4 is quite reasonable. So you feel that this number can be sustained for the 
full year FY '26? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So notwithstanding, any significant events, and there are quite a few which go on in 
the world, I think our strategy has held us well, which is we are augmenting capacities, 
we are expanding product lines, and we are reducing costs. And this is an ongoing 
effort in every quarter, every day. 
And that has helped us ensure that regardless of whatever geopolitical shocks, are 
going on, we are still able to maintain or do better than what we have done previously. 
So we still maintain the same line of working. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Perfect. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet Parikh from Mihir Shah and 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Parikh, I have unmuted your line. Please proceed, sir. 
Meet Parikh: 
Thank you. So congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. I had a basic accounting 
question. So if you look at our cash flow statement, so the working capital has gone up 
significantly, like inventory has gone up by, there has been a year-on-year change of 
almost Rs. 385 crores or something like that. And the debtors has also gone up quite a 
bit. So could you shed some light on that? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
So, Meet, you are talking about the stand-alone part?  
Meet Parikh: 
Sir, stand-alone or consolidated? Like stand-alone 385, I am not sure of the 
consolidated number, but there also there has been quite a big swing. So could you 
shed some light on that?  
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Yes, sure. So basically, you must be hearing about debottlenecking exercises and all 
other things going on. And for future expansion plans also, there has to be a lot of 
things going into the plant. So we have built up some inventories in between, so that 
the business does not suffer for that. So yes, the inventories have increased, which will 
be normalized again in a year or so once our all projects are getting completed. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
And at Thailand also, if you see the inventory has increased a bit, as MD had mentioned 
in a question just few minutes back, to understand the assets, and to see how those 
assets are working, we have run the full throttle there.  
And so these are the 2 reasons at both the places, 2 different reasons for increasing the 
inventory. Thailand, it will be normalized soon maybe. Yes. So that increase will not 
carry forward going on. It will be as per the business norms and our practice only. 
Meet Parikh: 
Right, sir. And, sir, my second question is related to CAPEX. So the number that we 
had guided for this year. So are we on track for that?  
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
So CAPEX is as per plan only. So as mentioned, we will be commissioning 50 KT, we 
will be getting ABS capacity of 50 KT in mid of the calendar year or later part of the 
calendar year of 2026. And the plan is as it is. So no change in the plan. In fact, this 
has been preponed. In fact, we had planned earlier later. But as informed you in the 
last quarter, it has been preponed and we are sticking to that, and we are sure we will 
be able to achieve those dates.  
Meet Parikh: 
Thank you, sir. That was helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Assets. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Very good evening to everybody on the call. 
Just a few clarifications on whatever has been discussed so far. So Fiscal ‘26 and '27, 
volume growth essentially depends on 2 things. One is, of course, the debottlenecking 
which will happen during the year, which is why we are carrying higher inventory in 
India.  
And second is we could see some ramp up on Thailand as well. Just we wanted to 
understand, at 1,85,000 tons of sales already, which is almost like 90% utilization. Can 
these plants run at 100% in India? That's one question.  
And second is, is it very different between ABS, PS, or both plants can run at 100% in 
India? And if we include debottlenecking, of course, we can try and increase some bit 
of sales volume this year. So about 10%, 15% is something which we should build or 
not, I wanted to clarify. That's the first question.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Rahul, if you can ask your other questions as well, I will appreciate it.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sure. Second was on CAPEX, as Mr. Bhupesh explained, it's sticking to earlier plan, 
just wanted to know the HIPS expansion. I think about 45,000 tons is something which 
we are supposed to add. Will that be preponed as well? Like, will that happen in Fiscal 
‘26? And if yes, then just wanted to know the overall CAPEX budget for the company 
for Fiscal ‘26 overall and '27, if that is possible.  
And third question was on working capital. Can we optimize from here on? I 
understand that current inventory is high. I completely understand that. What I just 
wanted to know when I look at some of other listed peers, especially on polystyrene, I 
think they operate like very, very efficiently on something like a 0 to 10 day working 
capital cycle. 
And I look at numbers in more detail, I see a lesser receivable cycle. So maybe is the 
difference more so because of polystyrene versus ABS, that ABS is more of a credit 
market versus polystyrene. And in your view, how much can we optimize, let's say if 
we take a 2 year view on India business, do you foresee that our working capital cycle 
can actually come down to like those levels? Those are my 3 questions. Thank you.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. Rahul, first of all, thanks for joining on, to all of you, all the participants joining 
on a Sunday. I appreciate everyone making sure it's convenient. I know it's not the ideal 
day, but the time that you are giving to the organization.  
First, your question on whether the plants can be run at 100%. So the plant is running 
at 100%, Rahul. It has been running for the last at least 2 years that we have taken over 
management control. It's just that definition of what that 100% has kept on changing, 
based on what we are doing each year, right. I have explained this in the past that as 
we carry out some process improvement or debottlenecking, we realize that certain 
additional capacity is possible. And that is the same philosophy with which we are 
planning to run in this financial year as well. 
And we do believe there is some additional capacities which are possible. So we did 
complete some exercises, say towards the end of December last year, when we did 
debottlenecking of our Nandesari plant for rubber, which we end up to 27 KT, which 
allows us to make more ABS. And that will translate to a higher volume this year on 
PS as well.  
We did some work towards the middle of last year, which again, the full capacity would 
be available this year. So those additional capacities would be available to us as well. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
To that extent, we will have higher volumes. So this is going to happen. And we are 
continuously working in that direction. So we do believe that, again, going back to the 
earlier forecast of what volumes we had mentioned, we should be very similar to that. 
On HIPS, in my note, I have mentioned that we have brought an indication from our 
engineering firm that they would be ready with some estimation very, very soon. So 
once that estimation is ready, and this is obviously a certain estimate, which is within 
10% to 20% of the overall CAPEX, while we had made an estimation earlier, we would 
have a more accurate data, based on their engineering study. So once that is out, we 
will be able to tell you exactly how much that will cost and when that will come online 
as well. That would be the result of that engineering study.  
With regards to working capital cycles if you, again, look at the last 2 years, there has 
been a lot of changes. And this is primarily because, as Bhupesh already detailed, that 
when we do debottlenecking we essentially look at certain parts of the process, which 
need to account for a larger inventory for us, and we do that. And that increases our 
inventories. 
On working capital, as far as receivables and debtors are concerned, there is not a major 
difference between, again, PS and ABS. In fact, I would say it is very similar in terms 
of the credit terms. So there is no major gap over there. I think overall working capital 
is getting affected largely, based on the inventories rather than anything else. 
And we do believe that till we are growing, while some of our peers already have very 
high capacities, we are running at very much higher capacity utilizations overall, which 
is why we are in the situation we are at.  
As far as ABS is concerned, I think we are a little bit better than our peers. So I think 
on polystyrene as well, we would be doing fine, if not for having to account for higher 
buildup of inventory to manage sales. So I think that is what it is. And this is what we 
are trying to maintain. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Just few follow-ups. So firstly, would you hazard a guess for volume growth for Fiscal 
‘26 for India business?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Like I said, I think, we should be able to do growth in line with what capacities would 
be available to us, and this would be higher than 200,000 tons. Whether it is 205 or 
210, I am not exactly sure right now. But to order of that magnitude, we would have 
growth in volumes in India.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And HIPS will definitely not be part of Fiscal ‘26, right? Even if we finalize the 
destinations very soon, the production will start sometime in Fiscal ‘27. Is that correct?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. Yes. Let us see what the engineering studies say. I do not want to put the horse 
before the cart. So let the study come in, and I am in a better position to answer that 
question.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. Any overall CAPEX number for the business overall Fiscal ‘26? What budgets 
are you working with?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Bhupesh, do we have a number on that right now?  
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
So maybe we can, the things are getting finalized soon, maybe in next fortnight or so, 
15 days or so. And then we can definitely let you know exact numbers which we will 
be spending in this year, and what numbers we will be spending in next year. Yes.  
Only one additional point here for working capital, maybe slightly more, one reason is 
more here. So what I had mentioned, we had some vessels coming together because of 
some problem at 1 of the vendors, and then 2 to 3 vessels that came in the last week of 
March. Otherwise, it would have been staggered, and then we would have not got so 
much of inventory and screwed up my working capital at the March end. So maybe an 
operational issue which all companies have. So this is also one of the things in the 
working capital which is there.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. One last question on Thailand business, then I will just get back in the queue. 
On the volume outlook for '26, you said we ran this capacity at full throttle this quarter, 
which yields about 18,000 tons. If I analyze that, we are almost closer to 75% 
utilization. So just wanted to know in terms of volumes, what could be the peak 
performance of this entity? And I understand it will take a long time, but just wanted 
to know that as of now, Thailand can actually sell ABS, SAN, and rubber, all 3 to third 
parties? That is one.  
And the second question on that was, assuming that it's only ABS and some merchant 
sales for SAN and some sales of rubber, is this entity like a Rs. 300 crore EBITDA, 
full year at peak utilization whenever it happens? That's the 2 questions.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Where did the Rs. 300 crore number come from, Rahul? I am curious. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I am just multiplying Rs. 30 a kg into 100,000 tons of sales volume.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, I would not look at it like that. See, it's a different market. It's a different product 
profile. So it works a little bit differently in Thailand than what we are used to seeing 
in India. It's still going to take a little bit of time for us to come to numbers which we 
can assess. So, we have not given really any guidance on that. And we are not very 
comfortable giving any guidance today.  
In terms of overall capacity, the nameplate capacity of the plant has been mentioned in 
our presentation earlier, which has been shared with the larger community. It's to the 
tune of 120,000 tons, roughly, which includes rubber, SAN, compounding, everything. 
And that number, I do believe, based on what we have done in the first quarter, is 
achievable from our productions.  
In terms of sales, when and how that will happen is something which we will require 
a little bit of time to assess and answer. 
On EBITDAs, again, will be a function of how the capacity utilization takes place in 
terms of specific product mixes, all the markets that we cater to. So, multiple questions 
need to be answered before we can answer such a question. It's only been 2.5 months, 
right?  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sure, appreciate that. But we do sell SAN and rubber outside, right, to third parties 
apart from ABS, is that correct?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
That is correct. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
All right. Okay, I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much, and all the best for 
coming times. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
A reminder to all the participants to kindly limit their questions to 3 per participant. 
Should you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranbir Singh from Yash Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Ranbir Singh: 
Hi, Rahul ji. Rahul ji, you said that the volumes for Thailand were around 17,000-
18,000. So, if I see the India realization, they stand at around Rs. 1,45,000 
approximately. And the Thailand business which is around Rs. 1,35,000 per ton 
realization.  
Moderator: 
Mr. Singh, your audio is not clear, sir, because there is a lot of background noise from 
your end. Please try asking your question once more. 
Ranbir Singh: 
I am asking that the India realization stand at approximately Rs. 1,45,000 a ton, 
whereas the Thailand realizations are like Rs. 1,35,000 a ton. What is the reason for 
the delta?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Ranbir, the product profile in Thailand is completely different from the one in India. 
There is no comparison. So, one can't say, we are not essentially, lot of the products 
we are selling are in terms of formulation, in terms of application are also very, very 
different. So, there is no clear way to tell you exactly why they are different. It is just 
that, I guess, the market for the products in Thailand, again, is different from the market 
that we have in India, the type of grades that we supply, and the type of product mix 
that we have.  
So, that would effectively make the realization what it is. So, there is no clear cut way 
to compare the 2. But in terms of cost position, again, there is a lot of difference 
between what we do in India and Thailand. So, there is no way to compare. It is not 
apples to apples.  
Ranbir Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, Rahul ji, this answers my question and all the best.  
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from CR Kothari and 
Sons. Please go ahead. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Hello, sir. 
Moderator: 
Ma'am, I am sorry to interrupt you. Please introduce yourself and proceed with your 
question, please. 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
Vidhi Shah: 
Hello, sir. My name is Vidhi Shah. I am speaking from CR Kothari, broker. Sir, my 
first question is, I want to understand what is the realization in India and compared to 
Thailand, will those realizations be higher in line or same?  
And my second question is, could you just correct me again? The Thailand capacity is 
185 kilo ton, and the existing India capacity is 200 kilo ton. So, the new capacity will 
be close to 385 kilo ton in FY '26. So, is that understanding correct? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, the capacity in Thailand is not 185 KT. I already just mentioned on the previous 
call as well and it's there in the earlier presentation. The capacity in Thailand is closer 
to 125,000 tons, including all products. India capacities are closer to 200,000 tons. You 
are correct in that sense.  
So, the overall capacity comes to about 320 as of now at this moment, which is of 
course a changing number, based on what we are able to achieve in terms of certain 
improvements during the course of this year.  
As far as realizations in India and Thailand are concerned, realizations in India are 
fairly stable or growing year-on-year. These numbers are easy to calculate, based on 
the results which are in front of you.  
With regards to Thailand, of course, it's early days, and there is a lot of work which is 
going on to understanding where these realizations are coming from, what we can do 
in terms of improving it. And there are multiple factors at play, such as capacity 
utilization, product mix, in terms of cost position as well in Thailand, there is a lot of 
work to be done. So, realizations in Thailand is something which we do believe there 
is a lot of room to improve on, to what extent and where they can be is hard to 
determine at this stage.  
Vidhi Shah: 
All right. And also, the 17,000 tonnes that is produced for Thailand, so that is produced 
for, you said 1.5 months approximately. So, based on that annualized, it can produce 
closer to 136 kilo tons in a year. But if I look previously… 
Rahul Agrawal: 
17 KT is for the quarter, ma'am. It's from the 1st of January until the 31st of March. 
And that is not a production number, that is a sales number. Okay. Production number 
is different from the sales number. Go ahead. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Thank you, sir, that answers my question.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question which is a follow-up question is from the line of Dhaval 
Shah from Girik Capital. Please go ahead.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, sir. Sir, just 1 question. Any positive or negative surprises, post the acquisition of 
our Thailand unit in terms of cost of operations, in terms of receivables, in terms of 
contract with suppliers, anything you would like to highlight?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, Dhaval, thanks for the question. So, we did a fairly extensive due diligence process 
when we had taken over the Thailand entity in terms of a financial tax, environmental, 
legal due diligence. We do believe that whatever the findings in that due diligence are 
in line with what we are seeing at the asset.  
Generally speaking, we are quite encouraged by the quality of the asset and the team. 
Some of the questions which had to be answered for us was essentially ensuring that 
the plant can actually indeed produce at a much higher level, which it has not been 
previously. So, we tested that theory by doing it ourselves when we took over 
management, hence, also resulted in some higher inventories. So, that is something 
which is, I guess, it is not a surprise, but I would say it is a positive affirmation of what 
we wanted to see.  
As far as the business is concerned and what we are doing over there, it is very much 
in line. Of course, there are geopolitical events which are taking place globally, and 
those do have an impact on our business as well. This has got nothing to do with the 
entity in isolation, but since there are global factors at play here, that does have an 
impact on how we conduct our business as well. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it, sir. Okay, thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Radha from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Hello, sir. Thank you again. Over the past 2 to 3 years, China has added significant 
styrene monomer capacities. So, do you believe that this would lead to a wave of 
downstream capacity additions in products like PS and ABS, which could potentially 
increase imports into India?  
And subsequently, how competitive are we with the Chinese players? And in that 
context, what are the export opportunities for us?  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, thanks, Radha. Very good question. So, essentially China's capacities have not 
only increased in styrene monomer, they have increased in the entire petrochemical 
chain across all polymers, across all monomers, and basic chemicals. So, already in 
terms of capacities of ABS, SAN and polystyrene, not to mention other polymers, 
China is already producing far more than it actually needs even today.  
And that's not the case this year. Not just the case last year, but even before that. So, 
this has always exerted pressure in the subcontinent, including India as well, from 
manufacturers not only in China, but also in Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, and the entire 
region. So, this is something that we are accustomed to. We do understand how this 
works. The idea is for us as an organization, how we are able to differentiate in our 
products. And in terms of our offering to our customers, what we can do. 
So, I think we have been able to demonstrate that in India effectively. I do believe in 
Thailand as well, we have some very differentiated technologies, which hold us in good 
stead today and will continue to do so going forward. So for a lot of the products we 
produce in Thailand, we are one of very few producers. And in some grades, for 
instance, there is no producer for that in China. So, to that extent all the capacities 
which have come up in that region are not directly comparable to what we do currently 
as a company.  
Radha: 
But sir, if there is an overcapacity in China in polystyrene, then why is there not much 
dumping happening from China to India in polystyrene?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Well, dumping does happen from time to time, opportunistically, but it is not a 
continuous phenomenon from China. I think, in terms of, again, preferences by 
customers in India, there is a preference for domestic manufacturers. There are 
multiple reasons for that. And we are still able to, so to speak, keep our relationships 
and business intact in India, in spite of competition.  
Radha: 
Sir, in other chemical companies, we have seen that whenever there is an overcapacity, 
then the dumping happens at such a price that the margins of Indian players could get 
affected, unless there is an anti-dumping duty. So, given that there is an overcapacity, 
and there is still margin stability in Indian players, so I am unable to understand why 
isn't it happening, why isn't this phenomenon happening in polystyrene? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we believe that even within polystyrene, we have certain products which are not 
very, very easy, and straightforward to replace. So in the markets, in packaging as well 

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
as in appliances, there is a fair amount of validation, fair amount of customization, 
which also takes place. Probably not as much as ABS, but still, to some degree, it is 
there. And the preference, again, as long as we are competitive, this does not work like 
a pure basic commodity where switching from one product to the other is as easy or as 
straightforward. 
Radha: 
How much capacity China would have in ABS, sir? 
Moderator: 
Ms. Radha, I am sorry to interrupt you ma'am, there are others who are waiting. I would 
request you to kindly rejoin the queue, ma'am.  
Radha: 
Okay. Thank you, sir, and thank you for answering all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question for today, 
which is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Assets. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you so much for the follow-up. Just 1 thing on the presentation for the company 
for the 4th quarter results, the industry outlook slide talks about a very weak start to 
first quarter. I just wanted to understand, should we read more into it or is it more like 
a quarterly volatility where it would settle down over the year? That's one.  
Second was on this entire discussion of styrene monomer imports from China, just 
wanted to know is there a BIS risk here? Because I am not really sure if the BIS 
standards are applicable, the QC and all that applicable for styrene.  
And the third was any comments on the pricing of ABS and polystyrene in India right 
now? If you could just help me understand the outlook for the full year. That's all. 
Thank you.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so with regards to our comments on quarter volatility, you are right, Rahul. It is 
in line with typically what we see every year. And there is no major change in that. 
And not too much to read into it, I guess. 
At the beginning of the quarter, yes, there was a little bit of, you can say a more muted 
sentiment on account of tariffs in the U.S. But I think this has settled down. We don't 
see a major change, I guess, from previous years. So it's similar.  

 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
May 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
With regards to BIS for styrene, we do believe it is to be implemented this year. It's 
not happened yet. So styrene monomer itself, from China, anyways, doesn't come. It's 
not very competitive in India historically as well. 
I think in terms of downstream from styrene, yes, there is a BIS on ABS. So to that 
extent, ABS coming in from China, it becomes a little bit trickier. For polystyrene, 
currently there is no BIS. But that we do believe would come up in time as well. So 
that would limit some amount of polystyrene from China. Well, currently, while there 
is not, we still don't see dumping to the extent which people fear. So there is no issue 
there. 
In terms of pricing for ABS and PS, currently we believe it is stable. There is no major 
change from what we have seen in previous years, since we are managing the company. 
And it is largely expected to remain in line with that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Chintan Doshi for closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Chintan Doshi: 
Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today on our earning call. We appreciate 
your interest and time in the company. We look forward to answering you in the next 
meeting, which will be announced at suitable time in future. Thank you.  
Bhupesh P. Porwal: 
Thank you.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
