 
May 16, 2025 
 
To, 
The BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor New Trading Building, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
Corporate Communications, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code : 541929  
 
 
 
Security ID : SGIL 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial Results 
for the Quarter and year ended on March 31, 2025. 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated May 10, 2025 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated May 15, 2025. 
 
In terms of the subject referred regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on May 14, 2025 with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the Quarter and year ended on March 31, 2025. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(www.synergygreenind.com) which can be accessed at the following link: 
Link: https://synergygreenind.com/investors-relations/  
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Synergy Green Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Nilesh M. Mankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Memb.No.A39928 
 
Nilesh Mohan 
Mankar
Digitally signed by 
Nilesh Mohan Mankar 
Date: 2025.05.16 
16:54:26 +05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
“SYENRGY GREEN INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED Q4 FY 2025 EARNING CALL” 
May 14, 2025 
 
E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on May 15, 2025 will prevail. 
 
MANAGEMENT:
MR. V.S. REDDY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SYNERGY GREEN INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MS. SHREYA SHIRGAOKAR, MANAGEMENT EXECUIVE  
MR. NILESH MANKAR, COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Moderator : Hello everyone, thank you for joining the call. I, Nilesh Mankar Company Secretary of Synergy 
Green, will be moderaƟng today’s session. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that we will be 
recording this call and in case any parƟcipants are not comfortable, may feel free to drop oﬀ before we 
start the recording. Thank you for your understanding. Today’s meeƟng Agenda will be -ﬁrst Brief 
IntroducƟon of organizaƟon, second Investor PresentaƟon and last will be Q&A Session. 
I would like to share the Guidelines for the call i.e. all ParƟcipants are kept on LISTEN ONLY MODE by the 
Host, all ParƟcipants are requested NOT to RECORD the CALL, quesƟons from the ParƟcipants will be 
addressed in the Q&A Session at the END of the Investor PresentaƟon by the management, during the 
Q&A session, we request you to INTRODUCE yourself with your name, organizaƟon and then your 
quesƟon, parƟcipants having MulƟple QuesƟons can EMAIL us and management will make best possible 
eﬀorts to respond within 7 days, the EMAIL ID menƟoned in CHAT BOX. Dear ParƟcipants, Welcome to the 
Q4 FY 25 Earnings Call & Investor PresentaƟon of Synergy Green Industries Ltd. Synergy Green Industries 
Ltd is India’s one of the leading state-of-the-art foundries producing SG Iron, Grey Iron and Steel 
casƟngs for wind turbines, wind gear box and general engineering industries in the weight range of 3 to 
30 metric tonnes. Synergy Green has an installed capacity of 30,000 MT per annum and is in the process 
of upgrading to 45,000 MT. The company houses best-in-class equipment, IT infrastructure and quality 

 
2 
 
tesƟng faciliƟes and is a top-supplier to major wind OEMs as well as leading gear box players in the world. 
SGIL is a part of the Shirgaokar Group, which has diversiﬁed business interests over its 80+ years history 
spanning across sugar manufacturing, foundries, hospitality and market research, among others. Today, 
we are having with us Mr. V Srinivasa Reddy, ExecuƟve Director. Mr. Reddy is a B Tech in Mechanical 
Engineering, M Tech in Manufacturing and ExecuƟve MBA from IIM Bangalore. He has over 30 years of 
experience in manufacturing of large casƟngs. Over his career, he has worked for corporates like L&T, ISGEC 
& Simplex in establishing plants and managing businesses before joining Synergy Green from incepƟon. 
Ms. Shreya Shirgaokar, Management ExecuƟve. Ms. Shirgaokar has completed her MBA in Finance and has 
worked with DeloiƩe as part of their Energy & Industrials Research team for over 4.5 years before joining 
Synergy in 2023. Myself Nilesh Mankar, Company Secretary is Company Secretary of the Company and 
also completed MBA from Indira Gandhi NaƟonal Open University. I have an overall experience of 13 years 
in the secretarial maƩers of the Company. Now Ms. Shreya will be presenƟng us the HIGHLIGHTS for Q4 
Earnings and take us through the key areas of development in the Investor PresentaƟon.  
Shreya Shirgaokar: Sure. Thank you, Nilehs, and good aŌernoon, everyone, and thank you for taking the 
Ɵme to join us today. I'll be walking you through the performance for the last quarter and the full year, 
along with a quick snapshot of the industry landscape and then ﬁnally talk about what we see ahead in 
the business. It's been a year of steady progress for us, with strong momentum on our strategic 
investments and encouraging signs from the broader industry. So I'll start with a quick look at the industry 
trends. We'll move into the highlights of our performance, and then ﬁnally touch upon the outlook for Fy. 
25-26. So, as we know, climate, urgency, geopoliƟcal disrupƟons and fragile supply chains are all around 
us, and the global economy, as we know it, is being redeﬁned and that's being redeﬁned around resilience, 
renewables and sustainable manufacturing. Renewables, and therefore the wind and industry are not just 
clean. Simultaneously. India is also rising as a global manufacturing hub. As we know, the global economy 
is expected to grow to 112 trillion dollars. By 2025, and renewables are expected to form about 70% of 
the world electricity generaƟon by 2050. By 2050 and the world is also beƫng on renewables. We see that 
there are at a global level net 0 targets, Paris agreement, climate ﬁnancing at a India and global level. So 
India has had 4.10 gigawaƩs of onshore, installing new capacity addiƟons in Fy. 2425. 
I'll quickly go through the company proﬁle. As Nilesh menƟoned, SGIL is one of India's leading 
manufacturers of large, large size, criƟcal casƟngs. For wind and general engineering products. Our weight 
range is between 3 to 30 metric ton, single piece casƟngs, and we're in the process of upgrading to 45,000 
tons per annum capacity. We have state of the art faciliƟes, and to draw your aƩenƟon to the quality 
cerƟﬁcaƟons that we have. In addiƟon to the Iso 9,001, 14,001 and 18,001. We've also added a TPG. 
CerƟﬁcaƟon as well as Iso, 27,001 and 50,001. Which stand for informaƟon technology management as 
well as energy management systems. Our products are mainly catering towards wind casƟngs, which 
account for about 70 70% of our overall product porƞolio. Besides these, we also cater about 15% of our 
porƞolio to Gearbox casƟngs. And the balance goes towards non wind, casƟng such as to applicaƟons in 
mining plasƟc injecƟon parts as well as pumps. 
Our strength is to the ability to produce large size casƟngs up to 30 metric tons, and to build large capaciƟes 
with highest capital eﬃciency. We're also, as I menƟoned, established. We also have established products 
with top global OEMs. We see excellent growth opportuniƟes in renewables with high entry barriers in 
terms of both knowledge as well as technology. India is also being converted as a manufacturing hub, and 
that is oﬀering excellent um, you know, potenƟal for growing, casƟng demand. Trade wars and global 

 
3 
 
senƟments are also favoring India's demand. Some of the weaknesses that we see are the limited comp 
capacity that we have compared to some of our peers. This we're kind of miƟgaƟng by scaling up in the 
current year to 45,000 tons per annum. Secondly, we're also outsourcing 100% of our machining, of which 
in the current Capex cycle. We'll be taking some of this capacity in house. Some of the threats that we 
foresee are a concentraƟon to the wind industry. However, our faciliƟes can produce large size casƟngs to 
any other industry with some lag. We also see that there is volaƟle commodity. Prices could impact 
proﬁtability. However, our key commodiƟes are hedged with customers on quarterly basis. 
Coming to the business performance. Looking at our annual capacity, uƟlizaƟon. Over the years we've 
increased our capacity uƟlizaƟon with sustainable growth and producƟon. Fy. 2425, marked a milestone 
year with our foundry operaƟng at near Peak uƟlizaƟon of 88%. This reﬂects our strong execuƟon and a 
robust demand environment. It's also reﬂecƟng a strong alignment between our producƟon capacity and 
customer demand and it validates the need for our expansion projects which are already under. Moving 
to the income statement. Our total income for the quarter ended 31st March 2025 stood at 97.91 crores. 
This is an 18% growth from the same quarter in the previous year. For the year ended March 2025, our 
total income stands at 363.68 crores and 11% increase over the previous year. PBDIT for the quarter stood 
at 15.3 1 crores a 45% increase over the same period in the previous year. And for the enƟre year of FY 25 
PBDIT stood at 53.70%. This is a 31% increase over the previous year. For the enƟre year. Fy. 25 PBDIT 
margins stood at 14.77%. This is a 224 basis points increase over the 12.53% PBDIT margin in Fy 24. The 
proﬁt before tax, increased by 90% in the 3rd in the 4th quarter of Fy. 25, and stands at 7.67 crore. For the 
enƟre year PBT stands at 24.99 crores a 60% increase over this previous year. Finally proﬁt aŌer tax clocked 
in an 18% increase in the latest quarter. And stands at 3.84 crore. Similarly proﬁt aŌer tax for the enƟre 
year stands at 16.89 crore. A 46% increase over the previous year which stood at 11.56 crore. 
Looking at some of the key highlights of the balance sheet which remains healthy and posiƟoned to 
support our growth plans. Our net worth has strengthened by nearly 2.5 Ɵmes, which is supported by solid 
internal accruals and the successful rights issue which we completely did in October 2024. This capital 
raise has improved our leverage proﬁle, and it also reﬂects the conﬁdence of our shareholders in our long-
term growth strategy. Coming to the borrowings. We've been undertaken to increase the long term 
borrowings to support our Capex program and remain comfortably within reasonable debt levels. Our 
trade payables have remained stable, and within our working capital norms and our vendor relaƟonships 
remain strong. Our payables posiƟon reﬂects our healthy procurement cycles which are aligned with our 
expanded operaƟons. Coming to the, to the assets. Non-current assets have increased in line with the 
execuƟon of our capex rollout, and includes investments already underway towards equipment’s, civil, 
etcetera. Trade receivables saw a slight increase during the year. This is primarily due to last minute receipt 
of certain leƩers of credit near the year end as well as growing business from MNC Clients. Many of these 
MNC clients operate on open credit terms. But these are high quality receivables with very low risk, and 
that's why they are also aligned with our strong customer proﬁle. Our inventory levels are within the 
controlled expected levels. A brief overview of our revenue streams and PBDIT. 
Our revenue streams are split into 5 areas. Wind, domesƟc OEM exports, direct exports, gearbox, and non-
wind. During the year Fy. 25, we recorded a revenue growth of 11% over the corresponding period of the 
previous year. This was largely driven by direct exports as well as gearbox segments. Based on the 
executable audible projecƟons for the coming year. 

 
4 
 
We expect a 20% growth for Fy 25-26 in terms of revenues. Looking at the PBDIT, PBDIT margins expanded 
by 224 basis points from 12.53% to 14.77%. As I menƟoned earlier we've had a 31% increase in PBDIT and 
Standard 53.7 crores to the year. AddiƟonally, the Board has also recommended a 10% dividend on equity 
for the year. 
Coming to our overall cost structure and Capex plans. And the status of our Capex. The Capex plan for 
about a hundred 87 crores has been split into 3 areas. Foundry, capital renewables and in-house machine. 
The foundry capacity expansion is well underway, and we're expecƟng to receive these. OperaƟonal, 
received the operaƟonal capacity in Q2 of Fy 26. The renewable project to increase from 2 megawaƩs to 
10 megawaƩs. Is already underway, and we're expecƟng it to be operaƟonal this month. In the 1st quarter 
of FY 26. In-house machining was split across 2 phases. The 1st phase we expected to be operaƟonal by 
the 3rd quarter of FY 26 and the second phase to be operaƟonal by the 4th quarter of FY 26. We also 
believe that environment goes hand in hand with economics, and we've taken various iniƟaƟves to triple 
the boƩom line. These include technology leadership, such as process automaƟon and digiƟzaƟon. Energy, 
opƟmizaƟon. Reducing our carbon footprint through renewables and achieving 50% green producƟon by 
2030. And also waste management. In terms of waste management, we've enhanced our sand recycling 
from 92% to 98%. With the help of thermal recogniƟon. 
We're expecƟng a 20% revenue growth supported by a robust order book. ProjecƟons from Major OEMs, 
as well as some beneﬁts of capacity expansion. We're expecƟng export revenues to remain stable close to 
the previous year and PBDIT margins are expected to expand by another 100 basis points from the 
previous year. Supported by parƟal contribuƟons from some of the strategic ongoing investments. That 
said, many of you know that as a part of our expansion, including capacity, addiƟons, and new 
infrastructure. These will be acƟvely underway during the 1st half of the year. So, we do expect some 
operaƟonal disrupƟon in Q1 and slightly more in Q2. Because construcƟon acƟviƟes as well as 
commissioning acƟviƟes will be picking up this. This may have a marginal impact on our output, but it's 
something we've already factored into our planning and customer schedules and most importantly, these 
are temporary and well managed adjustments, and they Ɵe into the long term capacity and capability, 
building and we're conﬁdent that we'll begin to see some parƟal beneﬁts of these investments. In the 
second half of the year. Finally, in terms of medium-term capabiliƟes, and the path ahead, we do see an 
opportunity for one more Greenﬁeld expansion in the next 3 to 4 years. But at the moment we'd like to 
concentrate on seeing through the current round of Capex over the next year. Before we begin planning 
for the next leg of growth, based on a very strong balance sheet. With this I would like to end the investor 
presentaƟon and hand it back to Nilesh to open the Q & A session. 
 
Nilesh Mankar: Thank you, Shreya Mam. So, I can see, many hands have already been raised. So, without 
wasƟng much Ɵme, I will start with the Q & A session. 
 
Aditya Mutha: Hi, CongratulaƟons on geƫng back on the growth part uh one quesƟon, ma'am, you are 
constantly missing your guidance. So, what gives you conﬁdence to give a 24% growth guidance for FY 26. 
 

 
5 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Myself ready here. See if you look at the last year guidance what we gave around 200 
basis point or 150 to 200 basis point growth in the EBITA margins and also, we given a guidance of 370 
crores top line. If you look at the actual outcome EBITA remains same, more or less, within a just a half, a 
percent deviaƟon. And the top line has against 370. We did 364 or maybe around 2% short of the guidance 
what we give. Once the new capacity comes in place, I don't see any reason there should be any challenge. 
In fact, if you look at the current year, the order book is much, much higher than what we are given a 
growth guidance. But we're constrained by the capacity constraint. So, we need to push back some of the 
schedules to this 3rd and 4th quarter, because once the capacity comes in hand, we'll be able to take the 
more orders. 
 
Aditya Mutha: So I was reading a note from Nuvama in September 23, they visited your plant and you 
were, about to expand your capacity at that Ɵme also. So sƟll the capacity is not expanded, so that is also 
a push back. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: I understand. You will see there are 2 things in it. One is we were expecƟng Right Issue 
funds to be raised in the May 2024. But actually, by the Ɵme we complete the approvals with the stock 
exchanges and the investors and all, we ended up in raising these funds in the month of October 24. Once 
we have a funds, then only we'll be in a posiƟon to commit these orders. So accordingly, it is aligned. So 
again, at the end of the day capacity expansion is not a overnight issue. It is going to take at least 6 to 9 
months to do that we are well aligned to complete that expansion. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: So, towards the end of the presentaƟon, she menƟoned about uh the impact of 
disrupƟons in Q 1 and Q 2 results. So, I would like to understand the impact of that disrupƟon and overall 
impact on the ﬁnancial year 26. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See the whatever the growth is going to come predominantly. It is going to happen in 
the second half of the year. Once the full capacity is in place. As far as the 1st quarter and second quarter 
is concerned, it will be at par, or it will be beƩer than the previous quarters. But if you look at the growth 
because somebody may be counƟng every quarter uniformly geƫng 20%. And all because majority of the 
growth is coming in the second half of the year, and we have also aligned our order book accordingly. See, 
we have taken a lot of new orders like Envison or Nordex, even Adani and now, development acƟviƟes 
going on. So, it is also geƫng aligned with our capacity, addiƟon, and compleƟon of the product 
development, acƟvity. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: So will there be any impact on the EBITA in Q1 & Q2 because of that, or it will not 
be. 
 

 
6 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So I don't see any impact under the margins. Actually, it should be more or less in line, 
only growth, may be coming in the second half of the year. That's how I say. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: My next quesƟon is, what is the total debt that we have? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: There are 2 parts. One is the long term borrowing, the second is the working capital. 
Working capital may slightly go up because of the increase in the business as far as long term is concerned. 
We are expecƟng somewhere around 160 or 170 closes in total actually. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat : We announced dividend. That's a good thing to do. However, my concern was that 
since we are having some debt and long term debt as well as working capital requirement, and we are 
going through a Capex mode. So would it not be a prudent idea to defer this. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: The dividend cash out was a very small amount. Actually, because this company is into 
operaƟon for almost 15 years now and conƟnuously last 3, 4 years we are making good proﬁt. So we also 
need to take care of the shareholders as well. Actually, you know. 
 
Darshil Pandya: I saw one of the presentaƟon slides, where we have discussed about the wind installaƟon 
grew by 20% this year. And last year it was 71%. So, is the capacity, only the issue that we are not able to 
grow with the industry or something else. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, because we are already uƟlizing 88% kind of the 88 is not a small thing, you know, 
it's a big number, as for the uƟlizaƟon is concerned, actually, no. So one of the reasons is main. Yes, you 
are right. It's a majorly is the capacity constraint.  
 
Darshil Pandya: Today we are adding around 15,000 tons. What kind of revenues can this give us? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, as we quoted earlier, we are expecƟng some somewhere above 550 Cr. to some, 
or up to 600 Cr. plus is what we're expecƟng from the exisƟng new capacity addiƟon. But actually, if you 
look at the order book, what we are taking on the new customer uh, we are adding, it's already appearing 
that it's exceedingly over shipping the 600 kind of the order book.  
 
Darshil Pandya: On the cash ﬂow statement side, what is this other current Financial assets of 48 crores in 
the cash ﬂow. 

 
7 
 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, this is mainly because of the GST amount when we do the capital expenditure. We 
get a GST credit that goes under other ﬁnancial assets. But it will get diluted during the course of business. 
When we do the invoicing, some of the porƟon of the Gst will get reversed to our books. 
 
Kumar Sara: If we look at the current P&L of the company from EBIDTA to PAT, we lose 66% of the number. 
So 52 crore of EBITDA, and we end up with 17 crore of PAT. If you see this business 5, 6 years down the 
line, do you see only 33% of your EBITDA converƟng into PAT? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Okay, see, this is always when you do your Capex. If you look at the WDV Method 
CalculaƟon, depreciaƟon methodology, there will be steep depression in the iniƟal pace, aŌer compleƟon 
of the Capex, I don't see this number is going to be remain like this. There is a signiﬁcant porƟon is going 
to get converted into the proﬁt, probably 2 or 3 years down the line. So gradually the raƟo the pat versus 
the EBITDA will signiﬁcantly change within 2, 3 years. 
 
Kumar Sara: Why, wind energy is beƩer compared to solar. There is an anƟthesis to this, where land 
acquisiƟon, and all is very diﬃcult in wind energy, and hence the rate of growth of wind energy maybe 
lesser than solar. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, you should look at 2 aspects. One is the growth of industry in India. Second, is 
growth of Synergy Green. Okay. Synergy revenues dependent upon domesƟc market and the internaƟonal 
market. As far as coming to your point, comparison between wind and the solar, both the technologies 
have got their own pros and cons, if you have to put up a solar per megawaƩ, you need to acquire 4 acres 
of land as against wind, you need only 1/4th of acre land, so the challenges involved in land is much lesser 
in wind compared to the solar. But again, you may be geƫng biased because of the kind of growth solar 
had in the last 5-6 years. It is mainly because the size of the Capex, what it goes in a solar. It's much simpler, 
as you know. It's a panel and installed, and it goes. But at the end of the day a country like India, if it has 
to move towards the net 0, wind cannot stay back, because solar cannot generate electricity in the evening 
and night, so there has to be Ɵme to catch up along with the solar at the end of the day. Both has to match. 
 
Parth: You menƟoned, we'll be able to post a 20% growth next year. Considering that our Capex would be 
coming in the second half of the year. We probably need to fully sweat the capacity in H2. Do you think 
that is achievable? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, we are not targeƟng for a full capacity, even in the Q3 or Q4. We have considered 
a factored in only parƟal enhanced capacity coming into the picture. So full capacity uƟlizaƟon will be 

 
8 
 
happening during Fy 2027. But the growth, what we have projected that can be easily done with a parƟal 
increase in the capacity itself. 
 
Parth: Previously it was noted that Chinese casƟngs were about 25% cheaper than domesƟc products with 
current global cost and tariﬀ dynamics in play. What is the present cost? DiﬀerenƟal between Synergy 
Green oﬀerings and Chinese imports? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, these numbers are changing on a daily basis. I have to give you some example, 
when trump had a 10% tariﬀ on all those things, there was a fear in the domesƟc steel manufacturers. 
There may be dumping from the China to India. Then Indian Government came back to safeguard duty of 
10%. So there is a lot of change in structure of the tariﬀs and duƟes. But at the end of day, one thing I 
would like to tell, I don't see any um impact onto the demand because of all these things are happening. 
 
Keshav Kumar: What will be the IRR of this 97 crores of machining Capex. More speciﬁcally if you could 
help understand how it will aﬀect the revenues and the margins. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: I think we already put up a presentaƟon in the detailed about the margin, contribuƟon 
and all just to again repeat, we are expecƟng a 3% kind of the minimum EBITDA expansion because of the 
machining. Another 2% from the solar. So 3 plus 2 is equal to 5% is what we are expecƟng as far as payback 
period of both the investments. Are less than 3 or 4 years. 
 
Keshav Kumar: What will be the impact on revenue? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: As far as revenue is concerned, we're expecƟng 50% increase in the capacity and if you 
take the baseline of the current year closer to 360 Cr. maybe around the 60 - 70% growth in the revenue 
should be possible. 
 
Keshav Kumar: Because of the machining coming in how the revenue will grow? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, there will not be any increase in revenue because of the machining, because 
that is a backward integraƟon. So that will only be improving our contribuƟons. 
 
Keshav Kumar: So would there be any beneﬁt in the working capital? when that comes in. 

 
9 
 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, we are expecƟng some marginal improvement, maybe a week or 2 improvement 
in our total working capital cycle. Because today there is a lot of waiƟng Ɵme on transportaƟon Ɵme to 
our vendors, and coming back that Ɵme we should be able to reduce. 
 
Keshav Kumar: Okay, okay, so just to sum it up, the 50% expansion in the casƟngs, capacity will be directly 
contribuƟng to the revenue. And we'll beneﬁt 2% on the. Uh overall margin because of backward 
integraƟon by machines. 
 
Riken Gopani - I think you got an ESOP scheme approved. So has there been any cost associated to there 
in your P&L this quarter. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, that is already built into the salary structure employee, cost what we have 
menƟoned. 
 
Jiten Parmar: I want to know how much is the contribuƟon of Us exports to our revenues. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Last year is about 25%. 
 
Jiten Parmar: How, much compeƟƟve do we get? These tariﬀ structures say we are in a much beƩer 
posiƟon as far as compeƟƟveness is concerned, especially in the US Market. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, see, the one of the reasons for doing this Capex is 2 things. One is to expand our 
margins. Second, also improve our compeƟƟveness. And as far as the order book and the impact of the 
tariﬀs is concerned, I don't see much signiﬁcant impact. The majority of the exports are coming from west. 
It also depends on what investors want to do. Many Ɵmes they get incenƟves for assembling the turbines 
in us. SomeƟmes they also prefer to do it. In India, based on their own costs, they keep on shuﬄing 
between India and US as far as our revenue system is more or less consistent. So the export part of it is 
coming mainly from the both Vestas and the GE. But we should look at as an overall. There are so many 
business dynamics. Something goes up, something goes down, and all but overall. We see there is not 
much of an impact on the export business.  
Jiten Parmar: Okay, and what about uh, would there be any impact of your dollar weekends? How much 
would that impact us? 
 

 
10 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See generally when we do the pricing, we do the updated dollar pricing. Actually, no, 
because at the end of the day it is a completeness. So, customer also expect some person, because same 
thing, when it goes against us, we're going back to the customer to knock them. But at the end of the day, 
when you do exports, apart from the dollar, there are some others, uh, some passive beneﬁts, like export 
instance and other things. So we get a slightly beƩer contribuƟon on the exports compared to the 
domesƟc market. Actually. 
 
Jiten Parmar: Why was the tax rate higher in this quarter? I mean, compared to. Last year. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: I think I quoted earlier. It is mainly because of the deferred tax. Liability is mainly 
because of there are certain assets as per the income tax. We are allowed to take 100% depreciaƟon on 
the 1st year itself, actually like electrical installaƟon and all those things. So that calls for a creaƟon of the 
equivalent liability that needs to be paid during the course of Ɵme, like next to whenever the DepreciaƟon 
Act. Happens according to the Company Act, that will get scored. It's a noƟonal transacƟon in the balance 
sheet. Actually, you know. 
 
Aditya Mutha: You are increasing your machining capacity also. So, you have menƟoned phase one Capex 
will take around 67 crores and phase 2 will take 30 crores and the amount of capacity which is coming live 
is same. So why is this diﬀerence of 37 crore between phase 1 and phase 2. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, basic infrastructure is common for both phase one and phase 2. So that's the 
reason why, you see, there was only a parƟal increase in the cost to add addiƟonal 10,000. Even if I have 
to add another 10,000 capacity, I'll be spending same similar around 30-35 crores kind of the level. Because 
of the land, the building, the base infrastructure, is created in the face, one itself. 
 
Aditya Mutha: On the guidance part August 24 presentaƟon of your company you said, you will grow 20% 
in Fy. 24-25. But somehow you grew by 13%. When the industry is going very rapidly, we can grow very 
rapidly. How can capacity be a constraint for us to grow? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, see, it doesn't happen like that. Just I would like to give you a couple of examples. 
If you look at today's this year, which has gone by, 3 customers, basically, Siemens Gamasa, my revenues 
have dropped away 50%. You know what is happening in Siemens Gamasa. Again there is a turnaround is 
happening. That customer is coming. There are another 2 customers like GE. They will close down their 
plant, and they are building a new plant in Pune. Looking at the Indian growing demand. So their 
installaƟons were almost near 0, means their revenue has dropped over 50%. In spite of 3 clients, revenue 
drop by almost 50%. But sƟll we have grown by 10%. See when we give a guidance in the beginning of the 
year, based on the outlook and all. You are referring to a guidance which was given, maybe 18 months kind 

 
11 
 
of the Ɵme horizon. You should also look at the what is really happening, surrounding and based upon 
that. 
 
Darshil Pandya- what kind of order do we have currently. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, as part of the order book is concerned, it is exactly matching with our execuƟon 
capacity. As I menƟoned this year, I'm pushing back almost a 40-50 Crores worth orders. Request given by 
the some of the OEMs secƟon because of the capacity constraint. So as far as the auto book is concerned. 
like, as I menƟoned the projecƟon, the potenƟal today, it's almost exceeding 600 Cr. plus. Of course, we 
have to create capacity, product and all. 
 
Darshil Pandya- How our short term borrowings has almost doubled over the last year and while our 
revenues has been grown up 13-14%. So are this borrowings just for the working capital requirement, or 
this is used somewhere else also. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, actually this parƟcular year there is a special impact in the borrowing. Because 
of the rights issue money. What we got we did not park in a current account. We parked under deposit 
and against the deposit we have taken a FDOD loan. Actually, that is showing at the short term thing. That 
is backed by the deposit. So, it is not exactly loan. It is a noƟonal transacƟon. If you see on the top side 
there will be a 52 croes worth of deposits are also there. 
 
PraƟk: So I just wanted to check when your capacity comes live in this ﬁnancial year, how do you see the 
uƟlizaƟon level scaling up? Uh? Geƫng to say 80 - 90% immediately, or it'll be a gradual increase. Over the 
quarters. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: It will take 2, 3 quarters to reach that kind of number. Actually, you know,  1st part is 
doing the equipment installaƟon. The second is adding the people and aligning the thing, 3rd is aligning 
the customers, and the product demand actually no. So this will, you can expect 2, 3 quarters to take oﬀ, 
as you know, considering all those capaciƟes coming in under commitments, what we made to the 
customer. We have already given you the revenue growth, guidance. 
 
Kunal (Sunidhi SecuriƟes): Receivables are sharply increased from last year. So, is it that the revenue was 
building towards the end of the ﬁnancial year? 
 

 
12 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, not like that. Actually, we have a bill discounƟng arrangement with the vistas, GE 
and some 4-5 clients, which are old clients. But we added a new client. So some of the clients like Flender, 
they are operaƟng with an open credit, so their business has gone up to 3 folds into this year. That's why 
the receivable has gone up. The second thing is 2 of the clients Lc's we have received in the last minute, 
somewhere on 23rd or 24th of March 25. 
 
Kunal (Sunidhi SecuriƟes): What is the any guidance on the working capital days going ahead? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Should be fairly able to maintain around 45 days. 
 
Prem Luniya: I wanted to understand that we have grown quite well in the export market, but in the last 
3, 4 years around, let's say, from Fy. 23, 24, 25, our domesƟc sales have almost been stagnated. Although 
last quarter has received a good number of domesƟc sales. But can you tell me about why is this the case? 
Because the Indian market er installaƟon is growing way faster than the world market. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Mainly, if you look at our revenue split is coming from the Vestas again. They're doing 
someƟmes for the local assembly. Again, turbine is expected, or. When the Assembly happens in us 
market, we're doing a direct export. So that is the case as far as vestas export is concerned. The domesƟc 
Indian clients have got a tendency to liŌ higher material in the Q3 and Q4. This is what we have seen in 
the Indian engineering companies trend. 
 
Keshav Kumar: Yeah, yeah. So uh, the 2% margin expansion uh, due to machining is that uh. Impact being 
considered on a full scale capacity. I mean, this base of 2045,000 tons of casƟngs. Capacity should beneﬁt 
2%. 
 
Keshav Kumar: On the margin front, due to 20,000 tons of machining capacity. Is that the correct 
understanding. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, we are concerned, only parƟal, missing the present installaƟon. What we're doing 
the. That's what we're considering our margin expansion, guidance. 
 
Khush Nahar: What would be your execuƟon, Ɵmeline, for a new order when we get from a customer. The 
new models that we get from customers and average execuƟon cycle for our company. 
 

 
13 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Generally development cycle takes between 6 to 9 months. AŌer that it can go to the 
regular execuƟon. 
 
Khush Nahar: Within 9 months we are able to start the deliveries. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, we can go to the serial producƟon. There will be tooling development. It takes 
about 4, 5 months. Then sampling Trial Assembly, and all those takes about another 2 to 3 months. So, 9 
months is the maximum Ɵme it takes for a development of a new product. 
 
Khush Nahar: And then so serial producƟon on an average is over one year, we fully execute the order. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, it depends on the customer schedules and all it can be done within a quarter. 
Actually, it doesn't take much Ɵme for the because during the journey of this 9 months we also make a 
preparaƟon for the scale producƟon actually. Doesn't take much Ɵme to ramp up. 
 
Nilesh Mankar: So, taking into consideraƟon of Ɵme constraint, I conclude this meeƟng. On behalf of enƟre 
management team of Synergy, I would like to thank all the investor for parƟcipaƟng today's call.  
