ee © ay 
Regd. Office 
: 
ean 
PS 
1, Golf Avenue, Adjoining KGA Golf Course, 
ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LTD., 
HAL Airport Road, Kodihalli, Bangalore 
- 560 008, India. 
‘ 
T +91 80 41783000, F 
: +91 80 252 03366 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
CIN 
: L55101KA1986PLC007392 
email 
: investors@royalorchidhotels.com 
  
  
  
Date: June 10, 2025 
To, 
To, 
The Manager, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532699 
NSE Scrip Symbol: ROHLTD 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Year 
ended March 31, 2025 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2025 held on 
June 06, 2025. 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Faithfully, 
Far Royal A Limited 
   
Encl: A/A

 
 
 
ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LIMITED 
 
Q4 & FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS ANALYST MEET 
 
June 06, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Chander K. Baljee - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Arjun Baljee - President 
Mr. Keshav Baljee - Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Amit Jaiswal - Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vinay Pandit – CEO, Kaptify Consulting (I.R.) 
 
 
Analyst Meet Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening to you all. On behalf of Kaptify 
Consulting, the Investor Relations partner of Royal Orchid Hotels 
Limited, I welcome you all today to the Q4 and FY '25 Analyst Meet of 
Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHL) at ICONIQA hotel, The newly 
launched hotel by Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd, an upscale lifestyle 5 star 
hotel right next to T2 Mumbai international airport. 
 
Before I begin, I would like to update you that Mr. Chander K. Baljee, 
CMD would not be able to join us physically for this event today, due 
to a last-minute development, which required his urgent presence in 
Bangalore. However, he will be joining us with a message virtually for 
a brief while. 
 
In-person from the management team we have with us, Mr. Arjun 
Baljee, President; Mr. Keshav Baljee, Non-Executive Director; and Mr. 
Amit Jaiswal, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
In 1973, a young man at the age of 24-25 came from Shimla to 
Bangalore and started Harsha Hotels when there were very few hotels 
in Bangalore those days. This also had the most happening Indian 
restaurant introducing Chana Bhature, a mouthwatering oil-soaked 
North Indian delicacy, which was never there in Bangalore before. To 
make it authentic, his mother came from Shimla to teach the chefs how 
to make authentic Chana Bhatura, Sarson Ka Saag, and Makki Di Roti, 
and that's how this journey started. 
 
In 2001, he launched the flagship hotel Royal Orchid Hotel Bangalore. 
And today, ROHL has more than 115 hotels and nearly 9,500 plus 
signed rooms in its portfolio. Ladies and gentlemen, I now invite Mr. 
Chander K. Baljee, Chairman & Managing Director, Royal Orchid 
Hotels Limited to give his opening remark through video conference 
from Bangalore. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
Dear friends, good evening, and a warm welcome to all of you. It is a 
pleasure to be with you, not just to present our numbers, but to showcase 
what the future of Royal Orchid looks like. And I can't think of a better 
venue than where you are seated right now, our flagship property 
ICONIQA, Mumbai. 
 
This is just not another hotel. It's a landmark in our evolution. 292 rooms 
located just 10 minutes' walk from the Terminal 2 of Mumbai 
international airport, executed start to finish in just under 12 months. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
But more than speed, it's intelligence and modernity of this hotel that 
we are most proud of. ICONIQA is a technology first experience. Every 
room features a dry cleaning and a steam iron closet, making it the first 
hotel in the world to offer such a facility. A Blue Tokai coffee pot 
machine for premium in room brewing, intelligent lighting and 
automation systems, and a rooftop party pool, a new lifestyle addition 
in the heart of Mumbai's airport corridor. This is where design meets 
forward thinking hospitality. Growth, consistent and disciplined. 
 
In FY '25, we added 14 hotels contributing 963 rooms. In Q4 alone, we 
opened three properties with 226 keys. With this, we now operate 115 
hotels totalling 9,583 keys including signed properties, across 78 plus 
destination. Looking ahead to FY 2030, our vision is bold, but 
grounded. 345 hotels, 20,000 plus keys, a sustained return on capital 
employed, ROCE of 25% plus. This is a clear focus roadmap backed by 
brand clarity, asset light strategy, and operational efficiency. 
 
Now I'll come to financial highlights of FY '25. Q4 FY '25 revenues 
were ₹92.34 crores, up by 12% year-on-year. EBITDA of ₹25.52 crores 
up by 7%. PAT before exceptional items ₹13.15 crores. The Y-on-Y 
PAT decline is explained by two factors. We have renewed the lease of 
our flagship, Bangalore prop hotel for ₹2.6 crores, securing it for a 
period of 30 years. #2, a ₹6 crores deferred tax credit last year after 
requiring Icon Hospitality Private Limited, which owns Royal Orchid 
Central Hotel on MG Road, Bangalore. 
 
Our full-year results for FY '25. Revenue ₹343 crores, growth of 10% 
over the previous year. EBITDA, ₹96.8 crores as compared to ₹95.16 
crores showing a growth of 2%. PAT ₹47.5 crores, and EPS ₹17.23. 
Notably, PBT rose 5.5% Y-on-Y, and cash profits continue to be strong 
and stable. A new initiative, intelligent hospitality powered by AI. 
Alongside expansion, we invested heavily in making our operations 
smarter and more predictive. AI based guest chatbots for 24/7 support. 
AI edited wedding video solution for faster turnaround and better 
experience. AI-enabled revenue dashboard that dynamically manage 
pricing and demand. Live guest feedback monitoring that flag service 
issues in real time. These tools are creating tangible results, not only in 
the efficiency, but enhancing the overall guest journey. 
 
Inclusion through innovation. We have redefined what it means to be 
socially responsible. This year, we have partnered with Globatrix, 
bringing AI powered clubs to our properties that help deaf and speech 
impaired staff to translate sign languages into speech. Then the other 
company that working with torchit whose AI enabled smart mobility 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
tools enable us to hire visually impaired employees and enable them to 
read. For us, CSR is not just a contribution. It's integration. We are 
building 
a 
brand 
with 
accessibility, 
where 
accessibility 
is 
operationalised, not organised. 
 
Now we have introduced another thing called Regenta Rewards, loyalty 
redefined. Now let me take a moment to talk about one of our most 
powerful initiated this year, the Regenta Rewards program. We have 
invested ₹57 lakhs on building a fully digital, fully automated loyalty 
ecosystem. It's not just another hotel point system. Here all stands apart. 
Seamless enrolment and redemption, accessible via apps or website, 
automated tracking of stays, spending, and preferences. No manual 
intervention. Points that can be redeemed not just for state, but also for 
in room timing and upgrades. Planning for real time integration with our 
PMS, property management system, and CRM, customer relation 
management. Ensure personalised offer and dynamic targeting for every 
guest segment. 
 
More importantly, the platform is built to scale with AI, so over time, 
it'll get better at anticipating guest preferences, increasing repeat 
bookings, and driving lifetime value for guests. Loyalty for us is not an 
afterthought, it is a strategic engine driving both top line and retention. 
 
In closing, in summary, we have delivered steady financial and 
operational performance. We have made investment in future forward 
technologies. We have based CSR that's inclusive, actionable, and 
measurable. We've launched one of the most advanced loyalty program 
in the Indian hospitality industry. With 345 hotels 20,000 plus keys 
inside, we remain focused on building a hospitality group that's 
sustainable, scalable, and truly future ready. 
 
Thank you once again for your continued trust and support. We are 
excited about the road ahead, and we are glad that you are on it with us. 
Thank you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, Mr. Baljee. The detailed investor presentation post the 
results were uploaded to the exchanges on 17th Feb 2025. Today, we've 
uploaded an Analyst Meet presentation where we're going to talk about 
the vision and the plan for 2030. 
 
I will now request Mr. Arjun Baljee, President, Royal Orchid Hotels 
Limited to come and present us on the same. Arjun? 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Thanks, Vinay. I really don't know what to say considering the fact that 
my father has pretty much said everything that I had, but let me try. 
Okay, so we have a disclaimer here, that's supposed to be out there. Let 
me start with, listen. Good evening, everyone. Now the last couple of 
quarters, we've been dangling this carrot of ICONIQA to all of you, 
right? 
 
And, today, we're delighted to have you here, preview this hotel, tell us 
what you think, and really look at this as the new way for our company 
forward. So over the next few minutes, what I want to do is run through 
the evolution of the company, obviously, our journey, where we are 
today, what our plan is for the future. And really the question you all 
will ask is how will you get there? What is the plan and what is the 
strategy? So I want to demonstrate that to you guys a little bit, and then, 
of course, we'll open it up for questions. And my brother, and CFO are 
both here, and you can badger them, while I run away. 
 
So, we started from 2001, where Royal Orchid Bangalore really started, 
and that hotel in itself had a number of firsts. But since then, we've 
prided ourselves into being an Indian hotel company for the Indian 
consumer, and that has been a core pillar of who we are. That's our core 
DNA, and that's something that we've done across how we've grown. 
We've grown fast. We've built hotels. We've created a slew of hotel 
opportunities, 115 of them. And over the years, we've added brands at 
ad hoc. We've had caterings. We've had F&B. We've had a whole bunch 
of things, but it was all opportunistic. 
 
Today, with a 115 hotels operational, a pipeline of 40 plus hotels, 
upgrades in technology, people, design process. We're actually looking 
towards the next phase of growth. So where are we? We are within 
touching distance of 10,000 rooms. It's a nice little magical number. And 
with a little more effort, I think we will get to those 10,000 rooms. We 
are a diverse hotel company. We cater to business, leisure, wildlife, 
weddings, anything that you want. We kind of cater to that. 
 
But over the years, customer preferences too have changed, and so must 
we. And for that, we needed a goal to aspire towards. And that brings 
us to Vision 2030. The Vision 2030 is very simple. It's, 3x growth in 
five years. It's 115 hotels going to 345. It's sub-10,000 keys going to 
22,000 keys. Lofty numbers? Well, not really. How will we achieve this 
and what will drive this vision? 
 
The three pillars, brand architecture, smart execution, and a constant 
look at the return on invested capital. That's it. These are just three 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
simple things that we have to do consistently quarter-on-quarter to 
achieve our goal. ICONIQA Mumbai, where you're sitting is a testament 
and really the proof of concept for how we are going to take this 
company forward. 
 
And let's take ICONIQA as the example. So we have a clearly defined 
brand architecture with this brand. ICONIQA is an upscale lifestyle 
product. The first thing we're going to do is obviously bucket our 
existing 115 hotels into the various brands, and I'll talk about those 
brands in a second. And the reason we're doing that is that as the market 
grows and as the market matures, you need specific hotel products and 
brands to cater to specific target audiences. 
 
And much like the larger brands are doing, we must do. ICONIQA as I 
said is one such of our brands, and this is our upscale lifestyle product. 
That gets me to Pillar #2. Pillar #2 is execution. Over the last couple of 
quarters, you all have all asked me or asked us when is the hotel 
opening, how long will it take, and so on and so forth. Now just by show 
of hand, how many of you have renovated a home? Okay. So how long 
has that taken you? Six months? Okay. Well, from start to finish, this 
product, we signed it at the end of May. We took over keys at the end 
of June. 
 
We designed it by July and really got our team on the ground in August. 
We are now in May, and we have 291 rooms, four bars, two restaurants, 
a conference room, and so on and so forth ready and done. Shelve to 
completion in under 11 months. The industry standard is 18 to 24 
months, and that was done through meticulous planning, methodical 
execution, and an absolute keen eye on being below the estimated 
budget. 
 
And we're not talking about this. This is not something to be taken 
lightly because this is Royal Orchid Hotels going forward. And it 
required us to not just talk about it, but actually do it and physically 
show you guys where you're sitting that this is doable, and we will 
continue to do it going forward. And the third pillar is return on invested 
capital. 
 
As you all know, and you must have seen our reports in the past and this 
quarter as well, among the listed hospitality stocks, we constantly rank 
among the highest in return on equity and in return on invested capital. 
This hotel too, without violating any rules will continue that trend of 
25% plus return on invested capital. So with these three pillars, we plan 
to go out and build the new brands. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
 
And our new brand architecture and if you see those numbers, they're 
the hotel additions we're predicting going forward. But the numbers, 
they are fairly simple. There's Regenta Zed, which sits at the bottom of 
the pyramid, all the way up to ICONIQA, which sits at the top. And 
among that, there's the idea of how we plan to grow each of these brands. 
 
All the way from franchise, which is least capital intensive or there's no 
capital requirement. It is a pure branding technology and audit play all 
the way to hardcore involvement like this hotel today. This, of course, 
is a four pronged access, which has the most amount of revenue, the 
most amount of profit yields from the most amount of investment and 
effort, and all the way down to franchise, which is the growth brand and 
the flag bearing brand that'll go across the country. 
 
So with each brand, there is risk, there's reward, there's involvement, 
there's bandwidth, and we are human, and there is 24 hours a day. So, 
sometimes we will falter. And, we're grateful for the fact that you are 
patient with us and have been through the last quarters. With this, all I 
can say to you is that our prediction with our current signed pipeline. 
This is nothing to do with pie in the sky stuff. This is current signed 
confirmed pipeline. We plan to do between ₹550 crores to ₹600 crores 
in two years from now in top line, up from ₹340 crores today. 
 
And all I can tell you is that because this is the signed confirmed 
pipeline, the best years of Royal Orchid are ahead of us. So thank you 
all for coming, and I now invite Mr. Jaiswal and Keshav Baljee on stage. 
And somebody to give us chairs please. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
So we'll begin the Q&A session. If you could just raise your hand so the 
person will come there to hand over the mic. 
 
Sharad Chandra: 
Yeah. My name is, Sharad Chandra, and I'm an investment analyst. The 
question which comes to my mind, you showed that branding slide. If 
you can just, put that up again on the board. Yeah. This one. So you 
have, put in five categories, and there is investment and the amount of 
profit which you get. But in this whole five categories of names, these 
are not known names. Royal Orchid is the name, the mother brand, 
which is known to everybody. So how will I know ICONIQA, if I drive 
from T2 to my house? I'll say ICONIQA, but I'll say, who's this? 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
If it would have been Royal Orchid, ICONIQA, then something would 
have made sense. Because Royal Orchid is a name which has been there 
for last few years, and it resonates with us in the hospitality space. Thank 
you. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
I thank you for that question. Do you know out of 115 hotels, how many 
Royal Orchids we have? 
 
Sharad Chandra: 
No. I don't know. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
13. That's it. 
 
Sharad Chandra: 
But that name still comes to my mind. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
It does. Because the parent company is Royal Orchid Hotels, and that's 
who you're invested in. The reason why we are doing this is and wanting 
to now go ahead and spend on brands because brands add value. As you 
said that you know Royal Orchid, you don't know Regenta, but there are 
103 Regentas and 12 Royal Orchid. Okay, that is our fault because we 
promoted the parent company and not the brand. 
 
And the reason we're putting this up here is to tell you that the path 
forward for the company, but there are no more Royal Orchid Hotels 
that will ever come up. It's not going to happen for reasons that I think 
you all know. 
 
But therefore it is prudent that we promote Regenta. We promote 
Regenta Place. We promote two other upper category brands. Now to 
your logic of ICONIQA by Royal Orchid, let me give you a little 
analogy. Fairfield says Fairfield by Marriott because Marriott is a bigger 
brand and a more luxurious aspirational brand as opposed to Fairfield. 
Therefore, you always want a lower brand to be associated with the 
higher brand. 
 
In the same vein, it will never say Ritz-Carlton by Marriott, because you 
don't want Ritz-Carlton, the bigger brand to be associated with Marriott 
which is the lower brand though Marriott is the bigger parent company. 
This again from a customer perspective and not an investor perspective. 
So in the customers mind you always aspire to something bigger and 
better. That's our little $0.02 learning from Taj and Marriott and Hilton 
and Accor and whoever else. 
 
In that same vein, we could not have put ICONIQA by Royal Orchid 
because we have never built a hotel like this and this is our flagship. As 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
you go around, you'll see why it is our flagship. And it cannot be 
associated with, it cannot be a buy from a customer point of view. We 
want to create a new category, and it is a new category hotel. 
 
Sharad Chandra: 
But will this not lead to a lot of expenses in terms of promoting all these 
brands, one by one? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
It will. However, we, today, in Regenta Inn's. And I'm certain that, it's 
lost on most people. Now how do I create, what do I tell the customer? 
What does a Regenta Inn stand for? And therefore the idea was that, 
listen, if we were to brandify it per se on a pure franchise perspective, 
you're effectively launching a brand, seeding it with 29 such assets, and 
there is a pipeline or more. The fact that there is scale already in each of 
these buckets, the expense would not be as much as one would think. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
I'll just add to that. There's also synergy in what we're doing. So just we 
mentioned the loyalty program, Regenta Rewards. That continues for 
the entire chain. So if you were to come to this hotel, you would be 
enrolled in Regenta Rewards. If you go to a Regenta Z, you'd be enrolled 
in a Regenta Rewards. So across the entire chain, we're trying to also 
have a common loyalty program. So there is some synergy there. The 
second thing is our sales team across the country is common and will 
sell every hotel. 
 
As we grow, that becomes more synergistic. Every time I add a hotel, 
that hotel can sell the other 100s of hotel which are out there and vice 
versa. So it gets more synergistic as we grow. So your point about 
expenses of creating a brand, you're absolutely right. There will be an 
investment and not an expense of creating a brand. That's the way we 
are looking at it for the long run because these brands will be assets, and 
therefore, we look at it. 
 
And of course, the investment will be prudent, but we just wanted to 
highlight it. We look at it more as an investment rather than just an 
expense. 
 
Sharad Chandra: 
Thank you and all the best. 
 
Archana: 
Hi, Archana here from IDBI Capital. I have two questions. So firstly, 
beautiful hotel congratulations for unveiling a new brand. You have 
been pretty, very optimistic target of reaching ₹550 crores, ₹600 crores 
top line by FY '27. You can help us to understand what kind of operating 
matrices you have worked on to reach there, would be helpful. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
And secondly, if I look at the margins for us last four years, barring this 
FY '23, the margins have been pretty volatile. I do understand there 
would have been cost escalations. But then at let's say, reaching at ₹550 
crores, what kind of sustainable margins we should look at operating 
level? This is my first question. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yeah, so if you really look at it, I've given explanation in my quarterly 
results that why our margins were in last few quarters were flat. Okay. 
Because we were, post-COVID, we need to spruce up our hotels to 
sustain for next five, seven years. So we have done some investment 
there. However, in the books, we have written it off, not capitalised it. 
 
And, as far as the growth in the numbers is concerned, this hotel itself 
will give us a top line growth of almost ₹100 crores. In this year, it will 
be for three quarters only. But next year, it will be ₹100 crores top line 
from one hotel. Apart from that, we have given the footnote that we have 
signed few revenue share hotel Goa, Gurgaon, and Lucknow, which 
we'll add. So these numbers, what we are telling is a sure shot number 
based on the hotels that we have signed and which are coming up. We 
have not taken into consideration during the year what we are going to 
sign and all those stuff. So we are pretty sure about reaching these 
numbers in two years' time. 
 
Archana: 
But if you can help us, what kind of occupancy and ADR you're 
considered to reach there would be slightly more helpful? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, if you really look at our investors' presentation, which I have 
uploaded in few days back, so our ADRs have grown in Q4 as well as 
in FY '25. We have shown a good sustainable growth of our ADR by 
almost 7%, 8%, 9%. And as far as occupancy is concerned, we are into 
mid 70s like 73%, 72% occupancy, which we are pretty sure of adding 
into all these hotels. Because all these hotels which we are coming up 
like Bombay, your average occupancy has always been 80% in all our 
competition hotels you can check. 
 
And similarly, we are coming up in Gurgaon, which is also showing a 
very good occupancy. So with all this, I think occupancy will be 
somewhere around 75%. And ADR is going to grow because this 
ICONIQA will add to the ADR of the entire group, because we are 
targeting an ADR of around ₹9,000 for this hotel. So, definitely, there 
will be a good jump in the ADR also. 
 
Archana: 
Sure. My second question is on Regenta Rewards, he explained pretty 
well there. One of the peer was talking about taking the repeat business 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
more than 40% by using this loyalty customer thing. What is our basis 
of now of the loyalty customers and how exactly we want to capitalise 
on this Regenta Rewards going forward? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
So, great question. Thank you. We launched this program about five, 
six months ago. We have a little under half a million people who've 
registered for this reward program. We're already seeing between 14% 
and 18% repeat usage on that. We are seeing a healthy burn and churn, 
earn and burn ratio there. Now as the number of hotels, so you can't turn 
on and plug it and say 115 hotels all have it, because systems have to 
come into each of those hotels. Staff has to be trained and all. So that's 
a process that's going on. So by the end of this year, we hope to have it 
across the entire platform. 
 
And the moment that is done, I think you will see the entire shopping 
cartization, which is what our vision is that you should be able to use 
your points that you earn with us, but you should be able to burn it to 
buy a pair of Levi's jeans for all somebody cares. 
 
So that entire system is already built and tested, and therefore you're 
already seeing 14% to 18% repeat business from there. What that does 
is brings down our cost of customer acquisition in the long run. So give 
this I want to say, 12 to 24 months to see the two power of rewards. 
From a comparison basis, Marriott bought SPG, which are the world's 
most powerful hotel rewards program, and built that over a decade to 
what it is today. 
 
Taj had to merge with Tata Neu and add the entire new platform 
customer base here to say that they've got 10 million customers. So by 
that base of metric, we're not doing too badly for six months. 
 
Archana: 
Maybe if I can add one more question. So whatever the existing Royal 
Orchids hotels we have? Will those be under ICONIQA, or those will 
be the still under the Royal Orchid hotels? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
They're going to continue on the Royal Orchid today. This is a very 
different brand, a very different strategy. Again, the third pillar was 
return on capital. So you have to very clearly look at, it's not a win to 
stick a logo on top. It has to have a very detailed discussion on investing 
in that hotel, and only if that third pillar of return on capital is met will 
the brand change. All three have to be met. Brand execution ROIC. 
Without all three being met, status quo will remain. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks. Hi, Amit Agarwal from Nuvama. My question goes to both of 
you, because this is the first time we've seen you. We normally see Mr. 
Chandra Baljee. So firstly, some background about yourself, where 
you've been before, getting into this hotel business. And secondly, what 
is your skin in the game right now just coming to this business? Mr. 
Chandra Baljee is being running the business. So as you go forward, 
what will be the changes which probably will bring about compared to 
the way, the business was run today or structured today or whatever you 
might call? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
How serious or how funny do you want the response? You decide. Well, 
listen. So Keshav and I have both, let's go back in time to Hotel Harsha, 
okay? Every day post St. Anthony's and St. Joseph Boys High School 
in Bangalore. If we didn't have tuitions our source of entertainment was 
to go to Harsha Hotel and play at the telephone operators cabin. That 
was growing up. So you end up growing up in a single 80 room hotel 
where you learn swimming and so on and so forth. 
 
Fast forward a bunch of years, obviously both our parts diverted in terms 
of what we want to do with our lives and skill set per se is the far more 
academic knowledgeable brainy one. I on the other hand have no such 
skill set. So I decided to go to the hotel school at Cornell, and as we like 
to call it the world's most expensive waiter training program. And I 
worked at the Fairmont in Dubai, worked at the Four Seasons in 
Singapore, came back to India in 2003, and joined my father. We were 
two hotels then Royal Orchid Bangalore and Hotel Harsha. We leased, 
the central which became now the Royal Orchid Central, Central Park 
Hotel and the Metropole in Mysore. Put those four hotels under one 
umbrella, rebranded as Royal Orchid, and listed it on February 6, 2006 
on the Indian Stock Exchanges. So that was the first bit of involvement. 
 
Fast forward a bunch of years, I set up Peppermint Hotels, which is a 
budget hotel platform. Oyo came and ate my lunch, and that took its 
own, once we time of doing stuff. I consulted for the tourism 
development fund in Saudi Arabia, set up a travel tech startup. And last 
year, before this hotel was signed, I was asked to come back, to help 
with Royal Orchid 2.0. And it's been a fascinating journey because I 
think India's had a great inflection point on hospitality, and we'll see 
how to take this company forward. 
 
Both of us have been hidden from view by my father intentionally, and 
I think it's about time that is he on Zoom? If he's on Zoom he'll kill us 
for saying this. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Thanks for that question. I'm nowhere as humorous as he is, so I'll keep 
it brief. Actually, we haven't really been not participating in the calls. I 
mean, if you look at any of the videos of the last at least seven, eight 
quarters, I've very much been part of all the Zooms, and I've been on the 
Board for almost five years. And so been very much part of the strategy 
and the planning of the Board level. 
 
I sit as a Non-Executive Director currently. My background is, I did my 
undergraduate at the University of Pennsylvania where I did the 
Management and Technology Program. So I'm a Computer Engineer, 
and I did Finance at Wharton. I worked as a Western banker in Lehman 
Brothers in New York City, post which I did by MBA at ISB in 
Hyderabad. I joined the family business in 2007, worked till 2011, 
primarily as a person looking after development and growth. And of 
course, I did a lot of corporate related stuff as well. So it was around 
that time that we started management contracts, and expanding on an 
asset like basis as well. 
 
I subsequently, started my own company called Spree Hotels. Did that 
for about 12 years. That was a budget hotel company, which was purely 
asset light. Grew that, and I sold that to a listed company called 
EaseMyTrip, some years back, just post the pandemic, post which I run 
a real estate firm, which basically builds villas in Alibaug, called 
Kensington Villas. That's the background. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. My last question, so what will be when you talk about 300 hotels, 
within let's say five years only and 20,000 rooms. You're right now 
about 5,000, 6,000 rooms only. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
9,000. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. Expedition. Yeah. So, my question is you're doubling in four 
years. So what's the strategy behind it? Are you going to be increasing 
your geographical presence or in the same city further more hotels? And 
how are you going to go about it in terms of brands also? Increase the 
number of higher brands going in? What's the strategy behind it? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
So, as you put the brand architecture, the five different brand categories, 
your Regenta Z which is your neighbourhood hotel brand. It is budget, 
its value price, it is quasi standardised, and we want to grow that. So 
let's say Bombay you can do theoretically, you can do 50 of them. I 
mean, you could write wherever there's a or lack of a better competitor, 
wherever there's a bloom, you can stick one next to it. So it is an asset 
light asset light strategy. There are 29 such Inns today. We have a 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
pipeline of another 10, 12, Regenta Zs that are already signed. So very 
soon and mind you this the first time we're actually talking brand in a 
forum like this, because we've got enough to seed each brand with so 
that it's not just a pipe dream. 
 
So Regenta Z can very quickly become 50 to 80 hotels on the pure 
franchise of manchise basis with assisted management within the next 
six to 12 months very quickly. We see huge growth in that. It is not an 
OYO. It's not a Treebo. It's a step above where it is a value priced hotel 
brand that is actually built by hoteliers for the value price segment. It's 
not built by techy geeks for it. That's a first brand that and therefore 
automatically there should be trust in the offering. 
 
The second pillar, which was Regenta Place. And in Jaipur, we opened 
a really interesting Regenta Place few months ago on a road called Sirsi 
Road. When we signed that hotel, last year, it was a hotel it was 
available it was signed and the owner was a lovely, lovely man who 
said, listen, I'll spend whatever you guys want. You find the interior 
designer. I just want to build this hotel. But we realised that the location 
wasn't a premium location. It's pointless making him spend endless 
money, but how do you make him spend money where the hotel has a 
unique draw in the neighbourhood? 
 
So it's on a rooftop bar. It's on a really cool co-working coffee shop at 
the bottom. The rooms are modern, non-standard, and that became the 
foundation for what Regenta Place would be. So it's not budget. It's a 
step up. So it will have some F&B. Now do we have hotels within us? 
We open were Dalhousie is a Regenta Place, again, modern, in the same 
vein. This is all the last six months that I'm telling you. So we have these 
proof-of-concepts and proof of execution, across these different brands 
where franchise is the easiest or the quickest to grow. It's the least 
involvement as templatised. 
 
There's a brand book already created. Owner wants to sign a franchise. 
After he signs a franchise agreement, you give him a brand book. You 
give him the list of vendors. You give him the pricing. He can go and 
just bang it out himself. It's that simple. So across, this wasn't an Excel 
exercise where you just take it and add a zero and pull the Excel down 
and suddenly you have random numbers. It wasn't done that way. It was 
actually done looking at pipeline. It was done looking at potential. It 
was done at what are the state, how many districts across the country? 
It's 560 districts or something like that? So how many of those districts? 
What are the hotels that are there that can be converted? What are the 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
areas that there is development happening? So there's been a little bit of 
homework done to throw these numbers out. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I have few question mainly on the business model itself. So there are 
some hotels which are on lease model. Like, they are leased hotels. Then 
there are some JV hotels. Then there are some managed hotels. And then 
can you just explain the business model? Like, what is the difference 
between across all this segment? And along with that, you also 
mentioned that there are some hotels which are on the revenue sharing 
model. So can you give the percentage or how many hotels are from 
revenue share model? 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Yeah. Okay. So, though there is a split in our presentation, which 
actually splits up all our hotels by their business model. So it'll be 
difficult for me to tell you that because it's a thing, but I would 
recommend. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
I will just take that question. Okay. So we have three owned hotel. 
Owned means 100% owned by our company. And then we have five 
leased hotels. Then we have two subsidiaries, which are, again, where 
we don't hold the entire stake. Although both the subsidiaries are owned 
hotels, but we hold in one 50% and in one 65% stake. And then we have 
five revenue share hotel where we don't have any fixed lease. It's called 
percentage of the top line. We have to give it as a lease rent to the 
owners. And then we have 75 managed hotels, and we have around 26 
franchisee hotels. 
 
Now managed hotel, we get the percentage of the top line as well as the 
percentage of the operating profits. We get as our management fees. 
And then there are 26 franchisee hotels where we get a percentage of 
the revenues as our franchise fee. Hope I've answered your question. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
One follow-up on that. Under the flexi lease model, in the previous con 
call, you stated that you give some refundable deposits. What are those 
for? Can you, like elaborate on… 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See in flexi lease, what happens is, the lease amount is not fixed. It 
depends on the percentage of the revenue, what the hotel earns. And we 
give a refundable deposit of on an average, three to six months of the 
lease rent, what we have to pay. We calculate it on a projection basis 
and pay thus as a refundable security deposit to the owner of the hotel. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you about that. And my final question is with respect to the 
Mumbai's ICONIQA hotel, what is the CapEx, did you spend on this? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yeah. So here we have paid a ₹40 crores refundable deposit. Apart from 
that, around ₹15 crores, we have to do the crockery, cutlery, and very 
small, small things and the working capital around ₹15 crores. That's 
our investment. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thanks. So, my question is to both Arjun and Keshav. I know you're 
both bringing a fresh perspective to the opportunity building on the 
legacy and the foundation, but also, I'm conscious that you are stepping 
up in terms of the premium nature, the branding, the kind of properties, 
and the kind of investment, are there any learnings from the past which 
will serve as guardrails for you going forward so that, we as a group 
don't sort of repeat those mistakes? Thanks. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
It's actually a very good question. Look, first of all, I think we are very 
much acknowledging the fact that this is an extraordinary platform. I 
think there are, like I said 120 odd hotels operational. Think of the 
number of associates that work with us. Think of the number of 
corporates that are associated on a regular basis transacting with us, the 
loyalty customers. 
 
So, I think for us, the most important thing is whatever we do going 
forward is to keep all those stakeholders in mind. So, if we are 
premiumising, it's because our stakeholders want a premium 
experience. Our customers are staying with us in certain locations, and 
they want premium experience from us. So therefore, we're expanding 
to a premium experience. 
 
If we are adding a neighbourhood hotel, it's because that's what the 
market requires. I mean, like we used to have one Maruti 800 and that 
was the only car. And now if you look at the Maruti portfolio itself, there 
are SUVs, there are variety of different things. And I think that's 
essentially as the market expands and the opportunity grow, really 
ramps up. 
 
There are opportunities for us to really expand. And I also want to bring 
out one more point is that the opportunity by adding these new brands 
also grows many folds. For instance, if you look at the Marriott brand 
itself, they have a JW Marriott and a Fairfield right next to it. But if I 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
just had a Regenta brand, could I put two Regentas next to each other? 
I could not. And these two also hotels don't look like each other. 
 
So we want a brand that fits also what people are building out there. And 
also we'd like to grow our share in each of the cities that we're in. So I 
think that's hopefully, I've answered your question. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Thank you. That's very helpful for your detailed and candid 
thoughts. My final question is, you have an on the ground presence in a 
very large number of locations, which itself is a strategic advantage. So 
if you look at greenfield versus, let's say, brownfield or turnaround 
situations, will you be open to looking at properties in various locations, 
which may do with your management bandwidth leadership? I'm talking 
of turnaround situations where you think things can be fixed, and that 
could be… 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
100%. I mean, I think if you look at what India has given us over the 
last few years, be it with government investment, in creating new places. 
I mean, 10 years ago, did you ever think there'd be a Statue of Unity and 
there'd be crazy amounts of investment in that area? No. But we got two, 
one open and one coming under construction. That's one opportunity. 
The second bit is, of course, you've got to what you said about 
turnaround opportunities, investing in hotels that are not. 
 
In a sense, The Metropole and these hotels that we took on government 
lease, were those opportunities that we did back in the day. So we took 
an old hotel, we polish it up, and it's immensely profitable for us and for 
the government as well. So absolutely. I think when I was speaking I 
said the key to us is that we are nimble, we are agile, we are 
opportunistic, but that third pillar that has to be there all the time. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Just want to add one thing. Sorry. Is that, actually turnarounds and what 
we call conversions in our terminology. These are existing operating 
hotels, and we come in with one of the brands, whichever the one where 
the fitment is right. And when we take this hotel, there's a process of 
upgrading it and refitting it to our standards. There's a process of 
training the staff, etc, putting the technology, all of that stuff, and then 
plugging it into our system. 
 
That's a core part of what we have done. A large part of hotel that we 
add typically come as part of conversions. And that's, I think faster for 
us and of course has allowed us to expand the way it is. Also there's one 
thing post pandemic, did we have tailwinds in this part? And I think 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
we'll continue to see tailwinds here. It's become very difficult for a 
standalone hotelier to attract really good staff. 
 
We have a college of hotel management. We've got skill building 
programs. We've got, Pan India, HR, recruitment. Each of our hotels 
ends up becoming a recruitment centre for any new hotel that we set up. 
So, over a period of time, it becomes much more affordable and much 
more expedient for us to take over that hotel than for the person to run 
it themselves. So for us taking over your hotel, let's say you're running 
hotel is a win-win. You probably make more money with zero effort, 
when we take over your hotel. And we also earn a fee. So that's really 
how we've been able to grow our management business so fast. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you very much, and congratulations again on ICONIQA 
Mumbai, and all the best to the entire team. Thank you. 
 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
Hello again. Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta & Vakil. First and foremost, 
your colleague or your PR, Kaptify told us that we have to report here 
for registration at 04:15. It was experience and a very pleasant 
experience. Registration came half an hour after that, but first half an 
hour, we were treated to a hospitality, which really practically, 
physically explained to us why ICONIQA is so correctly and accurately 
named and the logo of a King's crown. It's very, so it is very correctly 
as you have put it up really truly flagship. 
 
The top end scale hotel from your side, which is full marks to you. We 
had a very good view on in and around, and we are very pleased to see 
that this hotel is hardly a stone's throw from the International airport. So 
the thought which came to me was, is this a hotel, dual purpose or dual 
utilisation hotel for a business traveller as well as a leisure traveller? 
Would like to have your comments on this as the core business tactic. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Absolutely. I think, okay, ICONIQA the brand wasn't conceived to be 
an airport hotel brand. Let's put the first thing. ICONIQA is conceived 
to be an upscale lifestyle hotel that, by the way happens to have an 
airport in its backyard. That's how we are viewing it. The airport is our 
neighbour, and we are not the airport's neighbour. I mean, if you know 
that's where the King's Crown and our ego is so big about it. 
 
But to say that thank you for the credit that you've given the team at the 
back for their hospitality. It's really nice to hear. From a business and 
leisure perspective, of course, this area, this micro market has become 
pretty big with business consumers, because you've got BKC on one 
side and you've got another massive convention facility down the road. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
You've got Andheri with all the business and now multimillion square 
feet of office space coming up not too far from here with stones and all 
of that. So, yes, it is a convenient space to stay from a business consumer 
perspective. From a leisure perspective, I'll let my brother answer 
because he lives in Bombay. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Yeah. So I think, look when you stay next to the airport, if you're coming 
to town for leisure, even a lot of people who come for one night stays 
like to come and stay at the airport. But a lot of the hotels are very boring 
and drabbed, I think have avoided that problem. So it's a bit more, it's a 
lot more fun. It's something that will draw in a customer, a little bit more. 
So I think that's where we'd probably get more leisure. There's huge 
amount of leisure that comes to the airport. 
 
First one is transient business, just to clarify. Folks that come here for 
one night stays. One night stay, the airport hotel is the best place. You 
could come for pleasure. You come for work. You could come for Visa 
interview. You could come for this. Hundreds of things that you would 
come for. And Bombay being a city where I don't have to explain why 
people come. So that's really one major aspect. 
 
We found that even things like NMACC at the Jio World Plaza have 
driven good amounts of bookings to the city, but lots of people from 
across the country come for that. I'll just give you one that's it, one 
example. There are hundreds of other reason people come for leisure. 
We can discuss that. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
So just coming to the hotel for a second. The map that we found is that 
the average length of stay for somebody in this neighbourhood is 
anywhere between 1.4 and 1.8 nights. That's the average length of stay. 
This hotel has multiple F&B. It has bars. It has a swimming pool. It has 
a nail bar. It has salon this that and the other multiple offerings within 
the premises. And the hope is that you would not see and experience 
everything on the first time you come and stay here. And therefore, the 
hope is that you'd want to come again. 
 
Within the room, as we stated this brand and hotel was designed by first 
putting the customer and the pain points of the customer upfront. Yes. 
We had fun while we were designing it. To say that you walk into a bar 
and not a lobby, that was us being cheeky. But let's go back to the pain 
point. You come into Bombay to go to a meeting and you need your 
shirt ironed and you need a jacket ironed. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
You have two options. You get an ironing board, try and do it yourself, 
or you send it down to very expensive laundry who may bring it on time 
or may not bring it on time. The fact that we are the world's first hotel 
to invest in that laundry closet in every room. All 290 rooms have it. 
The smallest to the largest, it is there. And in 20 minutes, your shirt or 
your jacket or your saree or your salwar kameez comes out almost brand 
new or actually brand new refreshed. That's a pain point solved. The 
other thing is how many times you go to a hotel and they say, so what 
did you consume at the minibar? 
 
Well, I ate a packet of chips. Okay. Fine. Let's go and check. I mean, 
the smallest we're like listen, this non-alcoholic mini bars included in 
your room stay. Please eat the chips. We actually don't care. Eat it. So 
is this pain point of when a customer comes in, how do you ensure that 
he's coming, he's enjoying his stay, we're charging him for it, but we're 
not irritating him with different things along the way, which we've run 
enough hotels to know and get feedback on what have been their points. 
And we're trying to eliminate all of that here. 
 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
I think it is very innovatively and incisively thought out strategy. And, 
you have rightly mentioned that you are expecting an occupancy of 80% 
plus, but with the business traveller, I see it going beyond 90%. 
Hopefully. All the best. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Thank you, Insha Allah. 
 
Hitesh: 
Yeah, hi. This is Hitesh in from Avagrah  Capital. So I think you all 
mentioned you all expect ₹100 crores from this property as top line? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Full year. 
 
Hitesh: 
Full year. By when? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No. Like, this year, we will get for nine months. Okay. This year, we'll 
get for nine months. So it will be around ₹75 crores. Next year, full year, 
we'll get ₹100 crores. 
 
Hitesh: 
Could you explain the economics? I think you said you've given ₹40 
crores as deposit and ₹15 crores for others. So when do like expect 
breakeven? And I mean, if you could just explain the… 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, as far as breakeven is concerned, I think in the first quarter itself, 
we will be having profits. As far as our investment is concerned, this 
₹40 crores is refundable over a period of time. So we will be deducting 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
it from the rent, what we'll pay to the owners. And our ₹15 crores, I 
think I'm expecting that second year itself, we will recover our 
investment. 
 
Hitesh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Just a follow-up question. In the PPT, you mentioned that your 
FY '26 guidance for revenue is ₹450 crores to ₹480 crores. How much 
organically are you planning to grow? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Around 10%. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And, can you give any particular guidance with respect to ARR and 
revpar? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Right now, we have already sitting for the financial year '25, our ARR 
is around 6,137. I've given it in my PPT. So ARR growth will be around 
5%, 6%. 5% to 8%, not more than that. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Really, we've done an amazing job explaining it to you or we've 
confused the living daylights out. Whichever way it is, Vinay, last… 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Mr. Amit wants to ask. Just give the mic to him. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Just one last question. What I found and correct me if I'm wrong, Amit. 
Your focus more on room rentals rather than F&B. Because if you take 
a ratio of room rental to F&B, F&B is relatively much smaller compared 
to, let's say other branded hotels. So, I'm not talking about the couple of 
them, who just don't look at F&B at all. So my question is, with 
ICONIQA coming in, I am moving up the brand ladder, let's say. Are 
you looking at improving the F&B also in terms of the ratio of room 
rent to F&B? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Absolutely. So if you look at our current portfolio, a vast number of it 
falls in the 3 Star-ish category. And with the advent of standalone 
restaurants everywhere and Swiggy and whatever else, people really 
aren't going to 3 Star hotels to go and dine at their coffee shops. Doesn't 
happen. It's up the value chain that people go and dine at the hotels, and 
room guests also dine at the hotels. This hotel has three bars. It has two 
restaurants. It has Bombay's first want to say day club or restaurant on 
the rooftop where we'll allow the guest who's dining at the restaurant to 
use the pool. So it's not inclusive. It's not, the pool is exclusive only to 
hotel guests. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q4 & FY '25 Post Earnings Analyst Meet 
June 06, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
So we want to try and as you go around seeing the hotel, we've tried to 
maximise or create interesting F&B spaces around the hotel for varied 
experiences. There are a bunch of small meeting rooms and party rooms 
that people can take, and there's a conscious effort that will be done by 
the sales team to go out and attract even the smaller groups. And how 
do you make them, enjoy the hotel across the board. 
 
 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Just one thing I want to clarify is that, actually, our DNA isn't food and 
beverage. So, my grandfather started off with a restaurant called Baljees 
in Shimla, and that's really how the entire thing started. So, the other 
thing that, while we do have I mean, I think as we've grown, we've 
obviously added a lot of hotels, which are sort of more city like. 
 
But, if you notice our investor presentation in the last many years, we 
focus a lot on weddings as well. And I think what has not been disrupted 
by Swiggy and Zomato and all those things, thankfully is weddings. In 
fact, post-COVID people have been spending a lot on weddings. 
 
So our focus has been to drive business, in a lot of our hotels through 
weddings, and that's how the F&B is actually at a fairly healthy ratio. It 
actually surprised that… 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
I would like to add to your question. If you see our Slide 36 in our 
investor's presentation, out of our total ₹343 crores of revenues, our 
room revenue has been ₹182 crores, and the F&B revenue has been ₹125 
crores. So it's a fairly decent, 60:40 kind of thing, which I think is a fair 
if you compare with others also. And as far as F&B is concerned, as 
Keshav rightly said, that you need bigger banquet halls, to do more 
weddings. So that's how our focus has been. And this ratio, I think it's 
at par with any bigger chain if you look at it. Thank you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Any more questions? Since there are no further questions, we'll end the 
discussion here. Post this, you're free to interact with the management 
and do join us for another round of hospitality and some sumptuous food 
created at the restaurants of the hotel. We also have an optional hotel 
tour. So, anybody who wishes to do that, we have our team out here. 
You can go with them in batches of four or five to take you around and 
show you the hotel. Thank you so much, and thank you to the 
management team. 
 
 
