 
 
 
May 22, 2025 
 
To   
 
 
 
 
 
 
                    To 
The General Manager  
 
 
                        The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services,                           Department of Corporate Services,                        
BSE Limited     
 
 
 
 
 
               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                 Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai – 400 001                          Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051                       
                                                                                                          
Scrip Code: 544253  
 
 
 
 
                Symbol: KROSS 
 
Sub - Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 19, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on May 19, 2025  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Kross Limited 
 
 
 
____________________________ 
Debolina Karmakar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ACS 62738 
Debolina 
Karmakar
Digitally signed by 
Debolina Karmakar 
Date: 2025.05.22 
16:30:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Kross Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Post-Results Conference Call” 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchanges on 19th May 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR RAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KROSS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMEET RAI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – KROSS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. KUNAL RAI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – KROSS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MIHIR VORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kross-Limited Q4 FY '25 Conference Call 
hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir Vora. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mihir Vora: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all to the Q4 FY '25 
Results Conference Call of Kross-Limited. From the management side, we have Mr. Sudhir Rai, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sumeet Rai, Whole Time Director, and Mr. Kunal Rai, 
Whole Time Director and CFO. Without further ado, I now hand over the floor to Sudhir sir for 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sudhir Rai: 
Good morning. Thank you for joining us on the earnings call for Kross Limited for the fourth 
quarter and full year ended FY '25. Along with me, I have Mr. Sumeet Rai, Whole-Time 
Director, Mr. Kunal Rai, Whole-Time Director and CFO, as well as other senior members & our 
Investor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. I'll begin by walking you through our 
performance highlights and then share updates on our key strategic initiatives and growth plans. 
 
Firstly, performance highlights. The company delivered a strong performance in Q4 FY '25, 
improving over Q3 and meeting expectations. Q3 was marked by inconsistent order flows, 
starting on a positive note in October but softening in November and December. In contrast, Q4 
saw a clear rebound with healthy demands in January, February, and March, recording our 
highest-ever monthly trailer production and sales of nearly 4,200 units per month. As a result, 
Q4 FY '25 top line grew by 23.3% over Q3. The trailer axle and suspension assembly segment 
performed particularly well. 
 
We expect this positive momentum to carry forward in FY '26 too. On the export front, we closed 
the year with INR19.3crores (Errata: Actual number to be read as INR 19.7 crores) in export 
revenues, with our partnership with global partners progressing smoothly. We have made steady 
progress in our export business, with the universal joint cross already in regular supply. Building 
on this momentum, we will be positioning to expand our export offerings in FY '26, further 
strengthening our global relationship and reinforcing our long-term strategy.  
We do not anticipate any material impacts from the tariffs as our current exposure is largely 
limited to European OEMs who have onboarded us following a rigorous validation process. 
With this foundation in place, we are confident of growing exports meaningfully and are 
targeting a 5% revenue share from our exports in FY '26. 
 
Outlook and growth initiatives for Kross in FY26. As we step into FY '26, we have seen a steady 
start to the year, with April volumes holding strong, consistent with the momentum we saw at 
the close of FY '25. One of the most transformative developments underway is our new extrusion 
line, a first of its kind in India. There have been some delays in timelines due to logistic 
challenges. 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Equipment arrival is June ‘25, with production likely to commence in Q2 FY '26. This new 
capability will also support us into our entry of TAG axles, making an important expansion of 
our product portfolio and strengthening our positions in this place. Currently, we have a capacity 
to manufacture 4,500 to 5,000 axles per month. And with this upcoming technology upgrade, 
we will significantly add headroom for scaling up volumes.  
With the new technology, while selling prices remain stable, costs reduce, which directly 
enhance our margin. Our seamless tube plant, which is one of the most ambitious and capital-
intensive projects the company has undertaken, the equipment is expected to arrive in nine 
months. As earlier informed, the land for this project is already available with us, and we have 
also started our construction work. The total capex for this plant is estimated at INR167 crores, 
with a capacity to produce 120,000 tons per annum. 
 
This plant will serve both captive consumption as well as external customers. The company sees 
significant opportunities in catering to India's oil and gas transportation pipeline, automotive, 
and general engineering sector. The commercial production for this is expected to begin in Q3 
FY27, and the business will contribute meaningfully from FY28. 
 
We have some other product initiatives which we'd like to share with you. Building on this strong 
foundation, we are expanding our product portfolio with the introduction of Tipping jacks by 
H2 FY '26, a strategic addition to enhance our presence in the trailer ecosystem. This launch will 
deepen our engagement with the trailer manufacturers and further diversify our revenue stream. 
 
Kross has already earned a strong reputation of its trailer axles and suspensions, particularly in 
states like Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, and Jharkhand, where our brand is widely used in tipping 
trailers. Since tipping trailers require Tipping Jacks, we will already have a strong foothold in 
this region. We are well positioned to drive market adoption. 
 
We are confident these initiatives will enhance profitability and further strengthen our market 
position. With this, I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Kunal Rai. He will update you on our 
financial performance for Q4 and the full year FY '25. 
Kunal Rai: 
Hi, good morning everybody. I'd like to speak on the financial performance for the quarter ended 
and the full year ended 31st March 2025. Starting from the quarter, that is Q4 FY '25, our revenue 
stood at INR185 crores, showing a sequential growth of approximately 23.3% as compared to 
INR150.1 crores in Q3 FY '25.  
EBITDA was at INR26.8 crores, up by 35.8% sequentially from INR19.7 crores in Q3 FY '25. 
EBITDA margin improved to 14.5% this quarter, up from 13.1% in Q3 FY '25. Our PAT has 
reached INR17.1 crores, reflecting a sequential increase of 26.1% from INR13.6 crores in Q3 
FY '25. And as far as PAT margins are concerned, it stood at 9.3% as compared to 9.1% in Q3 
FY '25.  
For FY25, on the total revenue front, our year-on-year growth was flat and it stood at INR620.4 
crores. The contribution from the trailer axles and suspensions business stood at 44.1%, while 
the other businesses in the component structure such as exports, CV components and the tractor 
components contributed the balance 55.9%.  

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Our export sales stood at 3.2% in FY '25 and we are confident of growing exports meaningfully 
and targeting at least a 5% revenue share in this FY '26. Our total EBITDA stood at INR81.3 
crores compared to INR80.8 crores in FY '24, an absolute growth of 0.6% over the same period 
last year. 
EBITDA margins were at 13.1% as compared to 13% in FY '24. PAT stood at INR48 crores 
compared to INR44.9 crores in FY '24, a growth of 7% over the same period last year. Our PAT 
margin for the entire year was at 7.7% as compared to 7.2% in FY '24. On the balance sheet 
front, ROCE as on 31st March 2025 stood at 16.7%. The Gross Fixed Asset turnover stood at 
4.7 times and debt-to-equity for the period was at 0.1 times.  
I would like to close with these following remarks. To summarize, FY '25 was a year of strategic 
progress and operational resilience. We have laid a strong foundation for sustainable growth 
across both core and emerging product categories. We would like to inform you that close to 
75% of the IPO proceeds have already been deployed by us and the balance 25% will also be 
fully utilized within the current financial year. 
 
With the ongoing investments and continued product diversification, we are excited about the 
opportunities ahead and remain committed to delivering long-term value to all our stakeholders. 
We thank you for your continued support. We thank you for joining this call and we can now 
open the floor for further questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question comes from the line of Rohit Singh from Nvest Solutions. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Singh: 
Sir, my question is you are planning to enter into EMS manufacturing. What about this plan? 
Kunal Rai: 
Which manufacturing, sir? 
Rohit Singh: 
EMS manufacturing.. 
Kunal Rai: 
What is EMS manufacturing, please? 
Moderator: 
Rohit, please go ahead. 
Rohit Singh: 
Electronic manufacturing services. 
Sudhir Rai: 
You see, we are not manufacturing electronic goods, okay? Our trailer axle has certain electronic 
components like the ABS, which we will be manufacturing in the electronic unit where we have 
our plant, okay? We are not into electronic equipment. Rather, some electronics are used in the 
trailer axle, which we will be making over there. Do you understand?  
Rohit Singh: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Basically, my question was on this new business, the new initiative, which you are 
talking about, the jacks business. Basically, just some industry sense on what is the percentage 
of tipping trailers as a percentage of total trailer market. First would be that, and then I will 
follow up with further questions. 
Kunal Rai: 
Sumeet you want to take it up? 
Sumeet Rai: 
Yes, I can take it up. So, as we mentioned already, tipping jacks are used on the tipping trailers 
particularly. And tipping trailers are mainly manufactured in the state of Chhattisgarh and in the 
state of Rajasthan in large volumes. They are, of course, manufactured in the other states as well.  
But these two states largely focus on this particular segment. As far as what the volume of tipping 
trailers to the overall volume of trailers produced, it will be about you can say, 30. It depends, 
of course, on the scenario, but 35.  
Mihir Vora: 
35% of the total. 
Sumeet Rai: 
30% to 35% of the overall trailers produced would be tipping trailers according to our market 
knowledge and we feel that because we have our customer base in these two states, well-
entrenched, and we are already doing business with these customers. We will have a good 
opportunity of growth in this segment. 
Mihir Vora: 
What could be the realizations and what volumes are we targeting in FY '26 here, like some 
number? 
Sumeet Rai: 
There are a few models out here, but the average realization would be Rs 1,15,000 per tipping 
jacks. This is the basic value. And we are hoping that in H2 of this FY '26, we sell, at least, 300 
to 400 tipping jacks or we sell at least, I would say, 800 tipping jacks for the Indian market. 
Mihir Vora: 
And that is per month or? 
Sumeet Rai: 
We would like to reach a volume of 800 per month in the coming years. But initially gaining 
market share will be a process because this is again a product which is defined by the user, which 
is by the transporter himself. So there will be a process of gaining market share, but it should be 
an easier process than what our trailer axle was because we have done a lot of groundwork. 
Mihir Vora: 
And sir what would be the competition here? 
Sumeet Rai: 
There are companies who manufacture these tipping jacks. There is a company called Hyva that 
has been in this industry from the beginning. There is also a company called Hidromas. These 
two are the market shareholders. And the third company which is present in this market is Wipro 
Hydraulics Division. 
Mihir Vora: 
All right. And all of them have their plants in India? 
Sumeet Rai: 
Yes. This is all three manufacture these tipping jack in India. 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Mihir Vora: 
All right. Okay, thank you. This was all from my side. I'll fall back in the queues for further 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Shah from Lucky Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Shah: 
What was the trailer market growth in FY '25 in volumes and what was your growth in FY '25 
in volume? If you could tell us and within trailer to suspension, was there any mixed change 
between FY '25 and FY '24? 
Kunal Rai: 
So firstly, on the overall trailer volume increase, there has been no increase in the overall 
volumes. In fact, we feel that there has only been a reduction. I think the overall trailer market, 
if I'm not mistaken has reduced by close to 3% to 5% on overall volumes.  
If we look into our overall business on this axle and suspension, in terms of value we had done 
INR269 crores of revenue in FY '24. And in FY '25, we have done INR274 crores revenue. The 
axles more or less have been quite similar. We've sold close to 31,000 axles in FY '24 and we've 
sold close to 32,500 axles in FY '25. Only in the suspension, we feel that the shift towards air 
suspensions are growing.  
That is one shift that we've been able to see. Plus, the overall presence with all the product mix 
now that we have, except the only car carrier axle that is under development, we've developed 
the entire range of axles and suspensions right from the 12-ton to the 18-ton. The only shift in 
the suspension would be now that we've gained on more air suspensions in this last year. 
Pritesh Shah: 
I didn't understand the second part of your answer. Which means that suspensions in your 
revenue mix would have come down, right?  
Kunal Rai: 
No, it's been more or less the same, sir.  
Pritesh Shah: 
My second question is, in your opening remarks you mentioned that when the new line of axles 
come into market, those will be a better margin product. Is it also a better pricing product or it's 
a similar pricing and a better margin product? 
Kunal Rai: 
It's a better product with a better margin. And we would like to retain that margin with us since 
we're offering the fabricator a better product. Now, whether we need to change the price, that 
we'll see according to the market scenario, but the company would like to sell it at the existing 
price and have better margins on it for sure.  
But since the entire product is not welded at all and it is a one-piece construction, it's lighter in 
the total weight. That's where the margins basically come in. 
Pritesh Shah: 
So this margin expansion will be on the tractor portion of your revenue, where you mentioned 
that tractor and suspension put together is about 45%. In that, the tractor portion of the revenue 
is where the margin expansion will come through – the trailer not the tractor just trailer? 
Kunal Rai: 
Yes, only on the trailer plus what it would give us is an entry into the OEM sector with the tag 
axle business. The OEM on their rigid vehicles also use a lot of tag axle. So they're all being 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
manufactured currently by the fabricated route. And we would be coming in with the extruded 
technology, but the margin obviously would be on the trailer axle business. 
Pritesh Shah: 
Can you comment on the incremental margin range without your own seamless? 
Kunal Rai: 
The overall price benefit that we have on the realization value is close to 5% to 6% that would 
be the benefit that would be there. 
Pritesh Shah: 
Okay. And can you just lastly comment on the capacity? You said you have 5,000 axle capacity 
today, with the new line of axle, the capacity will rise to?  
Kunal Rai: 
7,500 numbers, firstly. And then we can also go up to 10,000 numbers. See, the thing is that we 
will be able to make axle beams close to 9,000 to 10,000 numbers. Now, in our manufacturing 
of the axle is that we make close to 70% of the parts in-house. The brake drums and hubs are an 
important product in the axle. We make it in-house. We have a casting plant. The rest of the 
forging also we make. So it's just a ramp up on our capacities that has to be done.  
Pritesh Shah: 
So just with the opening of the OE tag axle market as well and your ongoing trailer axle. So this 
capacity of 7,500 per month from whatever volumes you are doing at about 3,000. This journey 
should finish in how many years? 
Kunal Rai: 
One year.  
Pritesh Shah: 
So you will double your volumes in 12 months' time. 
Kunal Rai: 
See, the thing is we have to obviously hope that the market remains good, number one. Number 
two is when we make this axle beam extruded design for the trailer industry, there is no 
validation which is required. So we can immediately start selling this. The only thing with the 
tag axle business with the OEM that there would be certain validation obviously which would 
be required.  
So we are only projecting that revenue to come in from quarter 4 of this financial year. But by 
the end of this year, with the business of trailer axles and the tag axles put together, by the end, 
we at least plan to be at the volume of 7,000, 7,500 numbers. 
Pritesh Shah: 
Okay. Thank you and I will come back if there are more questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akshay Rane from DSL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Rane: 
So I have a question on revenue contribution from your top five customers. It has been declined 
from around 66% previously to 60% currently. So was this a one-off shift or it is a part of a 
strategy to diversify and derisk from your customer base? 
Kunal Rai: 
Sir, it is a strategy to diversify. It was earlier, two years back, it was close to 68%. Then it has 
reduced to 64%, 65%. Now it has come down to 59%. Now we are diversified into mostly three 
segments. That is one is the axle, CV, tractor and then the exports. Exports is obviously still very 
small.  

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
But if you look into our top five customers, we have two from the OEM sector from our 
component business, one from our tractor business, and two from our trailer business. So we are 
quite well diversified into the entire segment. 
Akshya Rane: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s it from my side.  
Kunal Rai: 
Plus, our existing customers in the CV business where earlier the share was just 3% to 4% of 
our revenue has also been increasing. Customers like DANA, where we were doing close to 3%, 
4% of our entire business is now also in the increasing trend. So further to which you will see a 
further decline of the top five customers. We would like it to be at close to 55%-56% by this 
year. 
Akshya Rane: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sriram, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sriram R.: 
So thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. On slide number 22, you have given 
capacity utilization. You see, like, most of them are upwards of 70%. So my question is with 
current capacity, what is the potential turnover that we can do? 
Kunal Rai: 
So these capacities as far as on the utilization level has been at around 70 odd percent as of 
March 31st. Also, from the IPO proceeds, we have invested a lot to enhance these capacities 
now. So there will be a drastic increase as far as available capacity. We are almost doubling our 
forging capacity. One of our forging presses, a 2,000-ton screw press, has been commissioned 
in this month. 
We also bifurcate the capacities into mostly two segments. One is on the machining side and 
one is on the forging or casting. If you look into our forging and casting capacities, they are still 
at close to, you know, less than 70%. And we are constantly enhancing these capacities as well. 
On the machining front, it's a continuous process that we do throughout the year. And machines, 
as far as CNCs, VMCs and all, they don't take too long to, you know, start. We can start them in 
the next 45-60 days. So machining capacities also, we have drastically enhanced with the capex 
funds. 
Sriram R.: 
Okay. So we still have a balance of 30%, right? Something like that. 
Kunal Rai: 
Yes. And more than that. And again, that's the process of increasing it. And I think from the 
revenue side, as to whatever we are planning to grow, we have got obviously sufficient capacities 
in place for that, for all of our segments, whether be it on our exports, whether be it on our axle 
and suspensions or our component business. 
Sriram R.: 
Okay. And so there's one more question. How do you see the trailer and the CV market overall 
this year? 
Kunal Rai: 
The CV market, you know, I mean, it's not that we get too much as to what these OEMs are 
making. But I'll just tell you, Q1 has been good, of this year. The reason is that, you know, the 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
OEMs are going in for a mandate in the month of October. And they would be producing these 
vehicles with air conditioning on all their cabins from the month of July itself. 
They basically expect an increase in height in their vehicles from quarter two. So they expect 
some pre-buying to happen. Not too sure how the retail sales are. But at least production-wise, 
Q1 has been more or less a continuation of how Q4 was. The volume still holds quite strong. 
Leyland and Tata Motors both producing, I think, more than close to 9-10,000 vehicles in the 
first month. So we'll have to wait and see. At least if we go quarter-wise, yes, Q1 seems to be 
good. We'll have to see how Q2 phases out. 
Sriram R.: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Payal Shah from Premium Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Payal Shah: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two questions. First, our 
exports have been contributing and increasing its share to our revenue. So just wanted to check, 
at what level of export contribution do you believe that it would start meaningfully driving the 
margin expansion? 
Kunal Rai: 
That would be approximately when the exports reach at around 15%. Is when we feel that it 
would enhance our margins further. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay. And my next question is, sir, also, is there any export potential in extruded axle? And if 
so, how much can it drive the export growth? 
Kunal Rai: 
Absolutely. There once we have the extruded axle, then only we would be able to export our 
trailer axles to other countries, other jurisdictions. We must see that, you know, the leader in the 
trailer axle market, world over is China. And Chinese axles have been manufactured in the 
extruded route for decades.. And we would be the first to get this technology in India. And that 
is only when we would be able to at least display our product to the other markets. 
And I feel that with the manufacturing that is there in India now and the backward integration 
that we have at Kross, we will surely be competitive. I'm not too sure as to how long this process 
would take, but we will surely be working in this year itself to see how we can gain exports in 
our trailer axle business as well. But only once we have the product ready, that is in by July, 
we'll have the product ready. And then we can have avenues to export our product. 
Payal Shah: 
That's it from my end. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question again. So my question was on the working capital. So if I 
see the working capital for FY '25, that seems to be a bit stretched. The debtors and inventories 
have sort of gone up. And so what is driving this higher working capital in this year? Had we 

 
 
Kross Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
had to push more products or give more favorable schemes to our dealers here in the trailer axle 
business? Can you throw some light on it? 
Kunal Rai: 
Yes. The trailer business, at least for the first three quarters, has been extremely slow. And that 
is where we wanted to, you know, sell strong. And we've had to give out more credit to the 
fabricators to maintain our sale and to maintain our market share. Also, in quarter four, we feel 
that it is coming down. Our receivable days as far as in quarter four over quarter three have 
reduced. 
And also on our exports, I know they are still at a very small percentage. It's around 3.5% (Errata: 
Actual number to be read as 3.2%). But the credit line obviously over there is in excess of 120 
days. It's not mostly from the OEM business. That's where there is no issue at all. But it's mostly 
pertaining to the trailer business. And we feel that it should get better in the next one or two 
quarters. 
Mihir Vora: 
But when we are entering this tipping trailer business and, you know, with the market being at 
such, we have some competition in the trailer axle as well. Don't we see a risk that working 
capital may go up ahead? Like tipping jacks, it is a new product for you. Don't you have to give 
a favorable kind of terms to the fabricators? 
Kunal Rai: 
Our product will be attractive as far as the pricing is concerned. We will like to have the same 
credit line what the other manufacturers have with their fabricators. It all depends a lot on market 
scenarios. You know, the last year was not very strong on the trailer side. The year before that, 
we really didn't have this kind of an issue where the working capital cycle was in excess of 100 
days. 
So we feel that, you know, when the market is performing better, the receivables and the working 
capital cycle, it does reduce. But we're getting into the tipping jack segment, not seeing what our 
working capital cycle would be. I think it's a great growth engine for us. We have our marketing 
and service divisions already ready for this product. We would be doing it mostly with all the 
same people employed. And it's going to be a new avenue also in the same trailer ecosystem. 
Mihir Vora: 
So that's all from my side. Thank you for it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sudhir Rai for the closing comments. 
Sudhir Rai: 
We appreciate your participation in our earnings call today. We trust that we have addressed all 
your queries. Should you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to Strategic 
Growth Advisors, or you can call our company also for any related questions. I'd like to leave 
you all with this remark that we surely hope that FY '26 would, in the auto space, be more 
positive seeing the Q1 growth over the previous years. Thank you so much for joining us today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
