                                                              
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza” 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
SCRIP CODE : 523367 
SCRIP CODE : DCM SHRIRAM 
 
Kind Attn 
: 
Department of Corporate Communications/Head – Listing Department 
 
Sub 
: 
Transcript 
of 
Investors’ 
Earnings 
Call 
under 
SEBI 
(Listing  
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir(s) 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Investors Earning Call on 
Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2025, held on May 8, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
The above said Transcript will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. 
www.dcmshriram.com. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Your faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Limited 
 
 
 
(Deepak Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Dated: May 14, 2025 
Encl.:  as above 
 
DEEPAK 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK GUPTA 
Date: 2025.05.14 
13:44:46 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 08, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 & FY'25 earnings 
conference call of DCM Shriram Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited's 
Quarter 4 & FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today we have with us Mr. Ajay Shriram – Chairman & Senior Managing 
Director; Mr. Vikram Shriram – Vice Chairman & Managing Director; Mr. Aditya 
Shriram – Deputy Managing Director; and Mr. Amit Agarwal – Group CFO of 
the Company. 
We shall commence with remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Vikram 
Shriram. Members of the audience will get an opportunity to pose their queries 
to the management following these comments, during the interactive question-
and-answer session. 
Before we commence, please note that some of the statements made on 
today's call are forward-looking in nature, and a note to this effect has been 
included in the conference call invitation, which has been uploaded on the 
Stock Exchange website. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a brief overview. Over to 
you, sir. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and a very warm 
welcome to all of you. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
To begin, I will present my perspectives on the external landscape and 
business dynamics. After that, Vikram will provide an overview of our financial 
performance. Once we have shared our insights, we would like to hear your 
view points as well. 
The global economic growth is expected to be tempered due to complex 
geopolitical and economic environment, notably the ongoing tariff risks 
between U.S. and the rest of the world, especially China. The imposition of 
reciprocal tariffs by the U.S. and the subsequent retaliatory measures by China 
and other countries can have far-reaching consequences, disrupting the 
international trade and financial markets. This has heightened uncertainty for 
businesses and policymakers worldwide. 
The recent standoff between India and Pakistan has the potential to escalate, 
adding to regional uncertainties both in trade and geopolitics.  
Amid external headwinds, India's growth forecast for Financial Year 2026 has 
been revised down to 6.5% by the Reserve Bank of India in the month of April. 
However, the impact remains moderate owing to strong domestic 
consumption. Further, to support growth, RBI has cut interest rates and 
implemented liquidity boosting measures.  
In this dynamic landscape, our Company is further anchoring its strategic 
integration both forward and backward, to secure value chains, optimize costs, 
and enhance competitiveness while simultaneously increasing scale. We are 
embedding advanced digital technologies in our ways of working to improve 
our efficiencies as well as serve our customers better. Sustainability is core to 
our operations and we are reducing our carbon footprint to renewable energy 
adoption, circular economy and energy efficiencies.  
Backed by completion of our CAPEX programs, a healthy balance sheet and 
strong cash flows, we remain confident in our ability to pursue these strategic 
priorities while maintaining financial discipline and operational excellence. 
I will now turn to the discussion on key industry dynamics across our variable 
businesses. 
First, I will take up Chemicals: 
Global and domestic caustic soda prices experienced volatility over the past 
financial year. However, the prices were better supported versus Financial Year 
'24, led by higher demand from consuming sectors.  
Impact of reciprocal tariffs on India may be moderate due to the comparatively 
high tariffs imposed on other countries. However, the disruption in supply chain 
will lead to uncertainty in product prices. In terms of volume, it may be positive 
for India.  
India's caustic soda industry has reached a capacity of approximately 6.3 
million metric tons operating at about 80% utilization, which is a positive. This 
has resulted in an oversupply of chlorine, putting pressure on chlorine prices. 
However, some relief was observed this quarter in chlorine prices, primarily 
due to maintenance-related shutdowns of a few production facilities. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
India continues to be a net exporter of caustic soda.  
Our newly commissioned projects are meeting performance norms and 
ramping up steadily, leading to volume-driven growth. 
Hydrogen peroxide markets in India continue to be oversupplied on account of 
ramping up of domestic capacities coupled with cheap imports from 
Bangladesh. We have also commissioned our second flexi-feed flaker plant in 
this quarter, and this has further enhanced our flexibility to operate on multiple 
fuels and thereby optimize costs and increase exports. 
Our ECH project is under commissioning and the glycerin refining facility is 
operational. The commissioning of the ECH plant has been delayed due to an 
issue in one of the equipment. This issue is currently being addressed by our 
technology suppliers, and we are going to start trial runs by the end of May 
2025, that is this month. 
The project work in other chlorine downstream projects of aluminum chloride 
and calcium chloride at Baruch are progressing well.  
Our efforts towards cost efficiencies continue. The 120 megawatt power plant 
is one step in this direction. 68 megawatt renewable power at Kota through 
group captive structure is progressing as per schedule. We have tied up the 
balance 6.6-megawatt green power at Bharuch and are expecting its injection 
in the next quarter and are also working towards further optimizing energy 
costs in the existing power plants.  
As this round of CAPEX is nearing completion, we are actively working towards 
epoxy and advanced material projects, including other growth options. 
Vinyl: 
Global demand for PVC remains subdued, leading to lower prices and high 
level of inventory on the back of surplus production in China during the quarter.  
Reciprocal tariffs by the US have led to China driving export prices further lower 
to clear excess capacity. In this context, imposition of anti-dumping duties on 
several countries, including China, has been delayed due to an irrational order 
in our judgment by the Gujarat High Court, excluding certain grades of PVC 
from ADD investigation. We have already filed petitions against the same in 
the Supreme Court and hoping for a favorable response. Once the duty is 
imposed, this will bring some relief from the low-cost Chinese imports.  
Domestic PVC demand has grown by 7% during the financial year. The cost 
structure for our Vinyl business has improved. We will continue with our 
strategy of utilizing the swing between PVC and carbide to maximize our 
margins. 
Sugar and Ethanol: 
Global sugar demand is expected to be higher than supply, leading to a 
reduction in the inventory level by around 3.3 million metric tons due to lower 
production in India. The Indian sugar season ‘24-25 is expected to end with a 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
stock of around 5 million metric tons. The production estimate is 26 million 
metric tons after diversion of approximately 3.75 million metric tons for ethanol 
production. Consumption is estimated at 28 million metric tons and exports of 
about 1 million metric tons. Current prices are around Rs. 4,180 per quintal 
and given the demand-supply scenario, the prices are expected to remain 
supported for the next financial year. 
Central Government has increased the FRP by Rs. 15 per quintal of sugarcane 
for the next sugar season. This increase is likely to put pressure on the margins 
and hence there is a need to increase the minimum selling price of sugar and 
ethanol to support industry sustainability. Government of India continues to be 
aggressive in ethanol blending and is planning to set a new target of 30% 
ethanol blending by 2030 after successfully reaching 20% mark in March 2025. 
Sugar season '24-'25 has ended for most of the mills with reduced crushing 
and recovery across Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra, the key sugarcane 
growing states. This decline is attributed to adverse weather conditions, crop 
diseases such as top borer and red rot affecting sugarcane yield and recovery. 
Our units concluded this season with a lower crush of 535 lakh quintals and a 
reduced recovery rate of 10.5% on final molasses. To address these 
challenges, our business team is actively working on optimizing varietal 
selection and agronomy practices to support increased sugarcane availability 
and crush in the upcoming season.  
The recent uptick in sugar prices has helped in improving the margins of the 
business. However, the increase in sugar and ethanol prices has not fully 
compensated for the increase in sugarcane prices and reduction in sugar 
recovery and production. There is a need for a fundamental shift in sugar policy 
framework in order to make it remunerative in the long run for the farmers as 
well as the manufacturers. 
Our compressed biogas project at Ajbapur Sugar Unit has been commissioned 
in the current quarter 
Fenesta Building Systems: 
The Company continues to focus on strengthening its market presence by 
driving deeper penetration of existing products and expanding its portfolio 
through the creation of new revenue platforms. Our strategic alignment is 
designed to enhance the overall customer experience while supporting 
sustainable business growth.  
Further, we have completed the acquisition of 53% stake in DNV Global Private 
Limited, a Company present in the hardware space. This backward integration 
will unlock operational synergies in the supply chain, enhance customer 
experience by providing superior quality product range, and has the potential 
to create a new revenue stream for future growth. 
Our aluminum extrusion facility project remains on track and is progressing as 
per schedule. Collectively, these strategic initiatives are expected to enhance 
our position as a comprehensive solution provider in the building material 
space and lay the groundwork for sustained long-term value creation. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Moving on, the Agri-Input Businesses portfolio comprises of Shriram Farm 
Solutions, Fertilizers, and the Bioseed businesses. 
Shriram Farm Solutions: 
The business continues to register double-digit growth in the topline as well as 
the bottom-line. The Company's growth trajectory was led by robust volume 
expansion across business verticals, most notably in the Research wheat 
segment where SFS continues to fortify its position as the market leader. The 
business effectively navigated the climate volatility by ensuring placement of 
the relevant products as per farmer requirements and providing research-
driven nutrition products which build stress tolerance in the crops.  
Notably, in the current financial year, SFS has launched nine new products in 
crop protection and specialty plant nutrition verticals, including four new 
products from our own R&D center. 
Shriram Farm Solutions continues to be at the forefront of technology adoption, 
leveraging digital platforms to expand farmer engagement, optimize logistics, 
and improving cost efficiency. 
Fertilizer: 
The urea industry continues to be stable. Our business is continuously 
improving energy efficiency and optimizing performance. The budgetary 
allocation towards urea subsidy has been stable for the last couple of years, 
leading to reasonable subsidy arrears, which is a positive for the sector. 
Bioseed: 
While the business is on a strong trajectory of turnaround fueled by an 
enhanced range of hybrid seeds across various product categories, which shall 
also drive future growth. The expansion of corn acreage in key states driven 
by higher crop prices and the push for maize-based ethanol has contributed 
significantly to its growth alongside strong performance in paddy. We expect 
cotton to perform better in the coming season.  
I will now request Vikram to provide the financial perspective.  
Vikram Shriram: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
performance for quarter ended Quarter 4 Financial Year ‘25. 
Net revenues, net of excise duty for Q4 FY'25 were at Rs. 2,877 crore versus 
Rs. 2,399 crore in Q4'24, an increase of 20% year-on-year, driven by growth 
across all the businesses. PBDIT for Q4'25 was at Rs. 426 crore versus Rs. 
289 crore last year, an increase of 47% year-on-year. 
Chemicals: 
The business saw an increase in revenue of 52% year-on-year led by caustic 
soda volumes that were up 29% on account of better capacity utilization and 
the new 850 TPD facility commissioning. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
ECUs were also up by 13%. PBDIT increased by 223% owing to the volumes, 
prices and lower input cost, particularly energy prices and efficiencies from the 
new 120 megawatt power plant. As mentioned earlier, new caustic soda 
capacities in India over the last few years are increasingly getting absorbed. 
However, chlorine surplus has increased, thereby putting pressure on chlorine 
prices. Our projects of Epichlorohydrin, aluminum chloride and calcium 
chloride will increase the captive chlorine consumption. We are exploring 
several other alternatives to enhance chlorine utilization and value additions. 
Vinyl: 
The vinyl business revenue increased by 2% year-on-year. PBDIT for the 
segment improved to Rs. 24 crore as against Rs. 16 crore last year, led by 
lower power and carbon material costs. Once the 68 megawatts of green 
energy comes online, it will help reduce our carbon footprint and enhance our 
cost efficiencies supporting both financial environment and financial goals. 
Sugar and Ethanol: 
Sugar and business net of excise duty increased by 16% to Rs. 1,022 crore. 
Domestic sugar volumes were higher by 19% due to higher releases in the 
quarter. For the year, the volumes were in line with last year. 
Domestic sugar prices increased by 5% to Rs. 4,046 per quintal. Ethanol 
volumes were lower by 16% on account of change in feedstock. PBDIT for the 
segment was higher at Rs.252 crore as against Rs.236 crore last year, going 
to better margins led by sugar. Sugar inventory was lower at 39.9 lakh quintals 
as against 43.5 lakh quintals last year. 
Fenesta Building System: 
The Fenesta Building System reported a growth in revenue of 4% year-on-
year, led by retail vertical. PBDIT for the quarter came in at Rs. 36 crore as 
against Rs. 44 crore last year due to higher fixed expenses for enhancing 
capabilities and capacities along with higher sales and promotion expenses. 
Elevated expenditure levels anticipated to continue driven by the strategic 
need to scale up our existing operations and add to the product portfolio and 
expansion into new business areas. The order book continues to be healthy.  
Shriram Farm Solutions:  
This quarter is an off season for the business. Revenues increased by 17% 
year-on-year, supported by volume growth across all verticals. 
Fertilizers: 
Fertilizer revenues were higher by 3% year-on-year, which is mainly attributed 
to the higher volumes. Last year, in the same period, there was a maintenance 
shutdown. The prices were lower due to lower gas prices, which are 
passthrough. PBDIT was Rs. 10 crore as against negative Rs. 2 crore last year. 
Outstanding fertilizer subsidy was Rs. 161 crore as against Rs. 90 crore last 
year. 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Bioseed:. 
The quarter is an off season for the Bioseed business. Revenues are up at Rs. 
103 crore as compared to Rs. 73 crore last year contributed by both domestic 
as well as international operations. PBDIT was marginally positive against 
negative Rs. 8 crore last year. 
Coming to the highlights for the full year of Financial Year '25: 
Financial Year '25 revenues net of excise duty was up 11% year-on-year at Rs. 
12,077 crore. All the key businesses, specially chemicals, Shriram Farm 
Solutions, Sugar and Bioseed contributed to the topline growth. Similarly, 
PBDIT was up 35% at Rs. 1,472 crore. Chemicals, vinyl, SFS and bioseed 
were key contributors to the growth. 
With healthy cash flows across all our businesses and post-completion of large 
part of our CAPEX, our net debt remained at comfortable levels of Rs. 1,395 
crore as on 31st March '25 versus Rs. 1,430 crore as on 31st March '24. Return 
on capital employed for March '25 has seen an improvement that came in at 
14% as against 13.6% in last year due to reasons explained above. Further, 
CAPEX incurred will start yielding returns going forward and that is further 
expected to improve topline and ROCE. The Board has recommended a final 
dividend of 170% amounting to Rs. 53.02 crore in the board meeting. The total 
dividend for the year is at 450% amounting to Rs. 140.35 crore. 
Our financial discipline, ensuring a robust panel sheet, enabling agility to invest 
in R&D and scaling up businesses and adjacencies and cost side initiatives.  
That concludes my opening remarks, and I request the moderator to please 
open the forum for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, when we see our Q4 numbers, our PBIT in chemicals have improved by 
close to around Rs. 42 crore on a Q-on-Q basis, while the ECU is more or less 
flat. One reason you mentioned that we have seen an increase in the 
production volumes on a sequential basis. If you can share your thoughts here, 
like was power cost has come down sequentially or was it because of higher 
hydrogen sales in the outside market because of our higher caustic production 
or was it because we have ramped up the volumes and fixed cost were 
distributed over a larger part of the volumes? If you can share your thoughts 
here? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, I think it's a combination of largely I would say two factors, three factors 
actually. One is volume increase definitely was the significant part. Product 
prices also if you see versus I'm doing same period last year, the product prices 
were better and even the variable costs have come down. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I was talking more on a sequential basis. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, so even on sequential, if you look at large part will be coming from 
volumes. That is one. And on the variable cost, because in this quarter, the 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
maximum benefit of the P120, significant part because of higher volumes, we 
use more of power from P120. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, what could be the utilization levels of the newly commissioned 120 
megawatt power plant? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, if I talk of Q4, the way to look at it is that, our capacity was 1,350 tons per 
day before expansion. Post expansion, it is 2,225 tons per day at Bharuch. And 
our utilization is close to about 1,700 tons per day, which was in Q4. It is inched 
up a little bit, but yes, it is in the range of 1,700 to 1,800 tons per day. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So close to 170 megawatt of power, which was required this quarter in total. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Sir, adding to it, last quarter you mentioned that our chlorine negative 
was close to around Rs. 9 and quarter prior to that was close to around Rs. 
6.50. So how was the situation in Q4 and if you can highlight a bit about the 
current chlorine prices that would help. 
Aditya Shriram: 
The current chlorine prices are also in the range of Rs. (-6,000). 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. And was similar chlorine prices or realizations in Q4 also minus Rs. 6 a 
kg or was it bit higher? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes, in the same range. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir, the last question from my side is, when we see our chemical 
business sales of around Rs. 2,800 crore for this financial year, if you can share 
how much could be coming from the value-added products like the chlorine 
derivatives as well as the other value-added products what we manufacture. If 
you can share some ballpark figures, that would also help. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See majority of the revenue I would have some numbers but majority of the 
revenue still comes from caustic soda but let's say if you talk of, you want for 
the quarter for the full year? 
Nirav Jimudia: 
No, sir full year would also help, because my calculation shows it could be 
anywhere between Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 800 crore, so if you can just verify that 
number that would be helpful. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Ballpark I would say it is close to about Rs. 550 crore to Rs. 600 crore, which 
includes hydrogen as well. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir, is it possible to share similar percentage numbers for PBIT? 
What could be the contribution to the PBIT for FY'25 from these value-added 
products? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I wouldn't have it right away product wise. So maybe we can share with you 
separately. 
Aditya Shriram: 
And directionally just to add to that, we run a completely integrated complex. 
So we continuously optimize for profitability at a complex level. And with our 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
new capacity having commissioned or getting commissioned the absolute 
number and percentage of the value-added product will increase in the current 
coming year and in the years to come. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I have few more questions, but I will join back in the queue. Thank you so much 
and wish you all the best. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Punjan Shah from Molecule 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Punjan Shah: 
So on the PVC side, so just wanted to understand on a brief part that we know 
there is subdued demand, as well as dumping from Chinese guys out there. 
There is a delay in the implementation of ADD as well. So just wanted to know 
on a broader case if there would be an uptick in, let's suppose if we see 
demand uptick and inventory restocking, so then how the prices will evolve? It 
will go back to Rs. 70-Rs. 75 per kg or it will remain in the same range because 
of the dumping from Chinese guys? 
Ajay Shriram: 
So I think, two things. One is good to see that the demand in India is 
consistently growing at 6%-7%-8% a year. So that's a stable position because 
of our domestic demand itself. And secondly, I think the anti-dumping duty 
issue has been in court for a long time now. The next hearing actually in 
Supreme Court is on the 9th, that's tomorrow. So the industry is taking that 
very actively to see that there is a rational view taken on bringing anti-dumping 
duty against China because they are dumping at very low prices because of 
their problems in the tariff wars across the world. So we are hoping to get some 
benefits soon. 
Punjan Shah: 
Then that benefit would be around Rs. 5 to Rs. 7 per kg if ADD gets 
implemented, right? 
Ajay Shriram: 
I think it is difficult to say because we don't know what the government is. The 
industry has made the request based on the market prices, etc. And we will 
have to, I think wait and watch to see what the government agrees to. 
Pujan Shah: 
Right. And sir, we have seen uptick in for Caustic Soda in November, 
December, there was some bit of a price realization in Jan and Feb and then 
again, it was seen an uptick. So do you think that this price which is prevailing 
right now and I am talking about the current price which is Rs. 38 - Rs. 40 which 
will prevail for the year because there is no addition of the capacity coming in 
FY '26 and additionally, there is some shutdown due to surplus capacity. So do 
you feel that this price will remain sustainable going forward and this ECU of 
Rs. 30 can be inched up due to impact of Chlorine, will be bit of a neutral? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, you are absolutely right that the prices have moved up and then have come 
down slightly, more recently. As we all know, there are many factors that go 
into determining the price. So it will be hard to predict the prices going forward. 
And as you rightly mentioned, there are new capacities, but large capacities 
are coming 1 year and 2 years from now. So there is still some time for that. 
But we do expect prices to remain healthy and remain firm. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press * and 1 to ask a question. 
The next question is from the line of Surbhi from NV Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Surbhi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. The first question is regarding Fenesta. So you 
mentioned in your opening remarks that there were some higher fixed costs 
and higher sales expenses. So if you could quantify that and what kind of ad 
expenses are we going to do in FY '26, so some more color on that? And 
secondly, once our ECH plant commissions this year, hopefully what kind of 
utilization level do you see in the first year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, on the fixed expenses for Fenesta, if we look at the full year as a whole, 
there has been increase, I think giving exact number at this stage may not be 
possible, but what is important to understand is that given the increased 
competition in this space and also the verticals that we are entering into, it will 
require us to spend more on sales and marketing and we will see, as we 
mentioned in the opening remarks as well, that we will continue to see elevated 
levels of expenditure on this account as well as on the people account as well. 
So that is point number one. Second, you mentioned about ECH. So ECH, we 
will be commissioning in phases. So the 1st Phase of commissioning will 
happen in June, early June, we should be commissioning. So for the year as 
a whole because it takes time for approvals and things like that, so we do see 
from the date of commissioning, we should be at an average utilization of 
around 40%-45%, average for the year, but by the year end, we should be 
touching about 60%-65% capacity utilization. 
Surbhi: 
Got it. Just a follow up on Fenesta, if I understand correctly, ad expenditure 
was not as high, say same time last year or even few years back. So even as 
a percentage of sales, just to see what kind of push are we doing in that 
segment? 
Vikram Shriram: 
Basically, the effort is to increase demand creation for especially for the new 
product lines of aluminum windows and also facades, and that is advertising 
on one side and fixed costs on the other because we put up the facades factory. 
The revenue is inching up slowly or picking up slowly, but it will take off in due 
course and the same is with the aluminum windows. uPVC has been a 
traditional product and that continues. From the cost side, there will be benefits 
of the backward integration of DNV and in due course benefits of the backward 
integration of extrusion that will help our cost competitiveness also and our 
supply chains will be much smoother, which have been giving trouble for the 
last year. And once the supply chains are in our own control, the supply chains 
will also, bottlenecks will also be out of the way. 
Surbhi: 
Got it. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sir, good afternoon. As you know, we have been long-term investors. And 
specifically, my question is about the announcement you have made in March 
to evaluate reorganizing of the businesses into agri, building materials and the 
chemical businesses, so it seems like a brilliant thing to do and we would like 
to congratulate you on the direction you are going. For us, it is still unclear. So 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
if you can help subject of course to approvals that you all will seek, how is 
management thinking about people, capital, technology, what is the purpose of 
this? I know the purpose it says shareholder value creation. I was saying that 
the shareholder value creation objective has to be achieved through 
management action. So we would like to understand the actions that you have 
in mind in relation to people, technology, capital, go to market. How will 
separation of these businesses empower these businesses to compete better 
and make a meaningful impact and then eventually achieve shareholder 
returns? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Ahmed, see, the key objective of, so if you see what we had mentioned in 
the release also that what we are looking at is separating out the consumer 
facing business, right because currently, we have 2-3 consumer facing 
businesses on the Agri side and Fenesta. The objective is to separate them 
because they require very different mindset within the management as well 
rather than looking at it together. That is point number one. Second is having 
a different board for these companies and then these businesses which are, I 
would say, evolving and have grown over the last couple of years, they get 
adequate attention and adequate expertise and third party, when I say third 
party, I mean more of experts to look at the businesses and provide inputs, 
right. The idea is that if I put it very simply, the child has grown up, now, it needs 
to fly on its own, right and probably will grow better, both in terms of technology, 
both in terms of capital because then it is open to take partnerships, open to 
form joint venture, open to do larger acquisitions. So it is a much wider new 
world for these entities to grow, and I think that is the perspective with which 
we have thought about separating the entities. 
Ahmed Madha: 
So the Agri businesses will contain seeds, farm solutions and fertilizer is our 
understanding correct? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, not fertilizer, because that is not a consumer facing business. So yes, what 
we are exploring is from Agri input side both Bioseed and farm solutions. And 
on this side, on building material space, it is only Fenesta. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And on the capital employed for each of these three companies, should we 
take the capital employed as a broad indicative number that you disclose in 
your accounts? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So the only difference is yes, what you are saying is right, that is the capital 
employed in these businesses. But if you look at Agri businesses, the only 
difference is that these are closing capitals, which are always at their peak in 
March, given the seasonality of the business. Their average capital employed 
is lower. 
Vikram Shriram: 
And Fenesta is investing currently. They have acquired DNV after the close of 
the year and they are investing substantially in backward integration in 
aluminum extrusion and in capacity enhancement. So the capital employed 
would go up during the course of this year. But then it would be followed by an 
increase in topline and bottom-line in the following years. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And on people, besides the people who are running these businesses, do you 
feel these businesses now that they will be free to fly on their own will need 
new leadership, is that possible? And do you see the ability to align incentives 
of these leaders who come in as an important part of the objective? 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Ajay Shriram: 
I think as a top management team of all our SBU's and businesses, we have a 
very strong leadership position. As a group and as a culture, we have focused 
a lot on people because we do believe our job as top management is to get 
the right person for the right job at the right time. We had to build the bench 
strength below our CEO's and ED's, and we have to have an organization 
structure which does justice for their running, maintenance and growth of the 
business. So our objective is that the business heads who are running our 
businesses will very much be there. If we need to supplement somewhere, we 
will do that. Though frankly speaking, the supplement requirements would be 
fairly low in my opinion right now because we have strong leadership and 
strong business teams running each of these businesses. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So Ahmed, just to add, actually these businesses have been actually running 
as virtual companies for many years and that is how we work in this 
organization, all the businesses work as virtual companies. So they have their 
strong architecture. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, that is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press * and 1 to ask 
a question. The next question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: Sir, congratulations on maintaining balance sheet strength to this growth 
phase. Sir, my questions are in terms of CAPEX, how do you see the CAPEX 
in terms of amount for this year and next year? And if you are planning to split 
the businesses, now the business is provided on the other side countercyclical 
stability, how would you view the balance sheets of each of the businesses 
going forward? Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So see, each of the businesses have a strong balance sheet. Yes, there will be 
some businesses which are heavy on capital employed. And again the reasons 
for that are different. Sugar is heavy on capital employed, primarily because of 
sugar inventory. Chemical on the other hand is heavy on capital employed 
because whatever CAPEX we have undertaken in these recent past. Other 
businesses are not very heavy on capital. Now, really, we don't see any 
challenge on any of the businesses whether currently or going forward, that is 
point number one. Other, for the CAPEX this year, the CAPEX that we have 
announced till date, which should be about Rs. 500-Rs. 600 crore of project 
CAPEX that will be incurring in this Financial Year for the group as a whole 
which is not very large. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: That is right. 
Vikram Shriram: 
And we are looking at other opportunities also, which would be pursued and 
announced as they are taken up by the board. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: But we expect that the kind of balance sheet maintenance would be one of the 
pivotal ways you look at growing your business? 
Vikram Shriram: 
Yes, we would like to maintain the balance between balance sheet strength 
and leverage and debt and EBITDA. So we don't like to stress ourselves for 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
the sake of growth and we would like to, if needed, spread it out a little bit. But 
we have managed to manage our balance sheet, solid balance sheet through 
up cycles and down cycles as would have been seen over the last 4-5 years. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: Indeed, sir. Is there any guidance you like to give on debt to EBITDA since you 
mentioned the number? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So we would like to maintain it at around 2.5x debt to EBITDA on sustainable 
basis. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: Great. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from 
Anvil Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, if you can share like in terms of 
for the chemical business, how we are placed in terms of the renewable power 
currently and how the scenario could look like over next 1 or 2 years in terms 
of the mix between the captive and the renewables? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So we have tied up 50 plus megawatts of renewable power. And we are very 
much committed to this journey of sustainability and having a larger percentage 
of our energy coming from renewable sources. This is in Bharuch and also we 
have tied up 68 megawatts of renewable power in Kota, which will be spread 
across multiple of the consuming plants over there. In addition, we actually 
consume a significant percentage of bio-mass in our power plants, which is 
also green power. So I think we are well on that journey and we are 
continuously exploring new opportunities to further enhance our tie-up for 
renewable, which is wind, solar power. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So sir, like from currently and over next 2 years, could the mix be 20%-
25% of our power could be coming from renewables could be a good 
assumption to make? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, currently as a group, we are 36% of our energy is green. Going forward, 
we should be touching around 40%. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. On the expanded capacity? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And the second question is on the Chlorine side. Sir, last time, when we 
have interacted over a call, you mentioned that like 18% of our Chlorine is 
getting consumed for value added products and 35%-40% is what we sell 
through the pipeline network. Sir, given the kind of situation currently where 
most of the players in the industry wants to have downstream products of 
Chlorine and the newer players who are also expanding, their Chlorine would 
be consumed mostly for their own downstream products like PVC and 
otherwise, could there be a situation going forward over next 2-3 years that 
with the Chlorine demand in the industry growing, this negative prices of 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Chlorine could start moving on a positive side. Could there be a scenario 
building on, your thoughts here? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. Thank you. I think directionally, what we are doing is we are trying to 
become more and more integrated and that helps us build more robustness 
into the entire business and Company and group. So with that perspective, we 
have been adding Chlorine downstream capacity and after our expansions are 
completed between our own captive consumption and our pipeline customers 
in Bharuch, we will be close to 55% Chlorine integrated along with our pipeline 
customers and they have also grown along with us as we have grown and we 
really value that relationship. So I think in terms of predicting the price, it is 
always hard to predict how the price will emerge in the years to come. But we 
do expect, we do hope actually that the Chlorine price overtime comes into the 
positive range, but we will have to see how it evolves. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir, this 55% what you mentioned including the pipeline customers, 
out of this 55%, how much would be required internally once all these 
expansions are completed, let us say, by Q1 of FY '27, what could be the 
proportion of captive Chlorine consumption within DCM? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So see one is captive also, there are two ways to look at captive, just adding 
to what Mr. Aditya Shriram mentioned. Out of this, 55 was the component which 
we are consuming captively. There is another component of Hydrochloric acid 
because once you convert Chlorine into Hydrochloric acid, the salability 
improves, so that improves my production for Caustic. So if we add that, so 
that is another about from current 18% that adds to another 10%, so we will be 
at 28% captive. And if we add pipeline to it, then another 30%-40%, 30%-35% 
gets added. Now, going forward, we will be around 44% captive including the 
HCL and then another 35% will be through pipeline. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir, just a last clarification, the HCL what you mentioned goes for 
our PVC production, right internally? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, it is both PVC and what we sell externally. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes. On the Fenesta side, we had a week year this year and we understand 
there are a couple of reasons, one is an increase in the fixed cost and second 
is increase in the advertisement and marketing cost. So could you please 
explain is the gross contribution margin is same compared to last year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, even the gross contribution margin will reduce, Ahmed, given the product 
mix. We have uPVC windows, aluminum windows, the share of aluminum 
windows has been increasing and then there are doors, facades. So the 
product mix also is changing. So that also leads to some reduction, but that is 
not very significant right now. Going forward, that can also change, right? But 
I think what is important is also going forward as we see to look at the absolute 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
amount of EBITDA because if the business is growing, it continue to grow at 
20% EBITDA. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And could you please comment on the competition, we understand this 
space is very competitive and we have two divisions, Retail and Project and in 
Project business, there could be high competition. So is that the case we have 
been witnessing over last year or so? 
Vikram Shriram: 
The competition has been always there and yes, it will increase, but our 
countermeasures by backward integration of aluminum extrusion and of 
hardware is going to make us have a better cost position and better margins 
and better pricing power. So it is going to result in a higher topline also. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And just to add Ahmed that we are now focusing a lot on more innovative 
products in the same category. Our focus would be to keep introducing newer 
products, let us say the same uPVC, aluminum so which will also be a way to 
keep us ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And what would be your broad market share, if you can comment on that? And 
secondly, what will be the current business mix between the Retail business 
and the Project business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
That mix would be close to about 50-50. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And on market share? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Market share, in the whole window segment, we will be about 25%-30%. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Industry leader by far. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, sure. Another question on the Chlorovinyl segment, the way we segment 
the Chemical business and Vinyl business, we see there is slight change in the 
composition. So if you look at Vinyl business topline as reported last year is 
different for FY '24 compared to this year. So if you can explain a bit how are 
we classifying a few products in the chemical and vinyl business and secondly, 
on the same question, in terms of margins, if you could give some sort of a 
range, so that we can understand what will be the margin for Caustic, PVC 
business and for the balance derivatives and chemicals business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See the reason for the change in numbers, vis-a-vis last year for Vinyl, which 
you would have taken from our investor release, is what I am assuming is 
because earlier, we were reporting one of our subsidiaries which was into 
derivatives of PVC, which is the compounding business under our 100% 
subsidiary, Shriram Polytech Limited because for derivative of PVC, we 
thought it best to show it as part of vinyl segment. The turnover of that business 
is close to about Rs. 150-Rs. 200 crore actually. So that is the change. And 
there EBITDA margin would be in the range of around, I think around 10%. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And for the other derivative business including hydrogen peroxide, aluminum 
chloride, that bucket, what will be the margin range currently? 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, as we mentioned, it is a Verbund there, it is complete integration right and 
there are transfer pricing mechanisms. So it is giving a margin may not be the 
individual margin may not be the right barometer. I think it is best to look at how 
the overall chemical business is fairing because there are these transfer pricing 
mechanisms for each of the products. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sure and on the Sugar business, say current sugar price is Rs. 41-Rs. 42 a 
KG, is it fair to assume that for the full year FY '26, our margins should be better 
than FY '25? Obviously this subject to other cane prices moves and the 
recovery is moved for next season, but your preliminary assumption will be the 
margins will improve in the current Financial Year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Assumptions, yes. What happens actually, we don't know. Ahmed, what you 
are saying is right. That is how it should be. But these markets don't work on 
fundamentals always. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, fair. We will see how it moves. And last on the CAPEX side from the 
balance projects which we have, what will be the CAPEX amount roughly for 
FY '26? And secondly, are there any timelines you have decided to enter the 
new business, Epoxy and Advanced Material business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So for the total CAPEX, because we have completed a large part of the CAPEX 
last year and the expenditure also has happened. So I think for next year, it 
should be in the range of around Rs. 500-Rs. 600 crore what is committed and 
as we mentioned with the call that we are looking at more opportunities and 
therefore this number may go up within this year itself, but that is what we have 
right now, which is approved by the Board. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And Epoxy and Advanced Material? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, I am coming to that. On Epoxy and Advanced Materials, we have 
completed the land acquisition. So one part is there where we have completed 
land acquisition, we are in talks with technology suppliers for the technology, 
so we should have some developments in the next 1-2 months. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And will the land parcel will be very adjacent to our new Caustic project like the 
new plant which we put last year and what will be the cost of land acquisition? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Epoxy does not need a significant amount of land, but it is close to our current 
complex. 
Aditya Shriram: 
And we have the environment clearances and everything in place. So we are 
ready to move as soon as we get final approval from the Board. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And what will be your guesstimate for the CAPEX for the Epoxy 
business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
What the Board is approved is around Rs. 1,000 crore for 80 kilotons per 
annum capacity, up to Rs. 1,000 crore. 
Ahmed Madha: 
That is it. Up to Rs. 1,000 crore. Got it. Perfect. Yes, that is it from my side. 
Thank you so much. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation 
in our Earnings Conference Call. Recognizing the ever evolving and 
increasingly complex global economic landscape, organizations today must 
embrace agility, innovation, customer centricity and sustainability at their core, 
to sustain growth and competitiveness. At DCM Shriram, we believe long-term 
success starts with our people and our values which are integrity, agility, 
customer centricity, teamwork, openness and newness. These principles 
shape our culture where we foster and engage collaborative workforce ready 
to innovate, adapt and thrive. We actively invest in our teams through 
continuous learning and skill enhancement. We are leveraging digital 
advancements to improve our ways of working to better serve our customers. 
This approach ensures we remain adaptive and forward-looking, creating 
value and optimizing operations. Thank you very much once again. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCM Shriram Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
