 
       
 
Ref: Akums/Exchange/2025-26/15 
 
 
 
 
                June 02, 2025 
To,  
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: AKUMS 
To, 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers,  Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544222  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings/Analysts Conference Call held for un-audited financial 
results of Q4 of FY25 and audited financial report for FY2025. 
 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of earnings/analyst conference call held on Tuesday, May 27, 2025 at 10:00 AM 
(IST) on un-audited financial results of Q4 of FY25 and audited financial report for 
FY2025. 
The 
said 
transcript 
be 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
https://www.akums.in/investors/investors-meet/.  
This is for your kind information and record. 
Thanking You 
For Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
Dharamvir Malik 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Dharam
vir Malik
Digitally signed 
by Dharamvir 
Malik 
Date: 2025.06.02 
17:32:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP JAIN -- MANAGING DIRECTOR – AKUMS 
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV JAIN -- MANAGING DIRECTOR – AKUMS 
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMEET SOOD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
AKUMS DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAHIL MAHESHWARI – HEAD, STRATEGY – 
AKUMS DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. PRANAV CHAWLA – AMBIT CAPITAL 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Akums Drugs & Pharmaceutical Limited Q4 and FY25 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Chawla from Ambit Capital. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Thank you, Riya. Good morning, everyone. I, Pranav Chawla, on behalf of Ambit, welcome you 
all to the Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited.  
Today on the call, we have the following management members: Mr. Sandeep Jain, Managing 
Director; Mr. Sanjeev Jain, Managing Director; Mr. Sumeet Sood, CFO, Mr. Sahil Maheshwari, 
Head, Strategy. 
I now hand over the call to the management for opening remarks. We'll follow this with Q&A. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Pranav, for the introduction. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Akums' Q4 
& FY25 Earnings Call. I'm Sahil. Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call our 
discussion might include certain forward-looking statements, which are predictions or 
projections of the future events. Our business faces several risks and uncertainties that could 
cause our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied in such statements.  
At Akums, we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking 
statements whether as a result of new confirmations, future events or otherwise. Having said 
that, I hope you all have gone through our investor presentations and financial results that we 
posted yesterday. 
I would now like to hand it over to the Managing Director, Sandeep Jain, to discuss our 
performance. Thank you. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Thank you, Sahil. It gives me immense pleasure in declaring the Q4 and full year FY '25 results 
of your company. While your company started its journey in 2004, FY '25 will remain etched in 
its memories, as it got listed on the stock exchanges on 6th of August '24. We once again extend 
our sincere gratitude to all stakeholders and remain committed to creating long-term shareholder 
value. 
As you are aware, that FY '25 has been a year of significant volatilities. For the industry, that is 
domestic pharma, we witnessed significant price erosion in API as well as muted volumes. This 
impacted the core CDMO business as well as further delayed the turnaround of the API business. 
This results in flat revenue growth of your company. However, despite these headwinds, Akums' 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
grit, and spirit shone through -- and we managed to maintain our margins and generated healthy 
cash flow.  
The Q4 volumes grew up by 9% year-on-year, while the FY '25 volumes grew by 1% higher 
than the overall market volume growth. We increased our R&D spend by 16% to INR130 crores. 
We continue to add new growth levers to boost our performance in fiscal '25. We launched 31 
DCGI products, including the recently off-patent Empagliflozin and its combination Silodosin 
and Mirabegron, bilayer tablet, amongst others.  
We also expanded recently capabilities for nasal sprays, eye drops, bilayer tablets, ampules and 
FFS small volume parenterals as well. We continued to increase our niche portfolio offering to 
our partners. Your company also operationalized a new injectable facility in Q2 FY '25, which 
will further cement our sterile drug leadership in India. In the coming year, we have a Capex 
plan of approximately INR300 crores, wherein we will expand our product offering by setting 
up lines for oncology, steroids, FFS LVP, amongst other things. 
We took noteworthy steps toward becoming a global CDMO by signing an approximately 
EUR200 million contract with a global pharma company. We have already received part 
consideration, that is EUR100 million, in April '25. The supplies for this will commence in 2027. 
We also got audited by ANVISA in April '25 for our injectable facilities, and hopefully, we will 
receive approximate -- approval in next quarter.  
Our in-licensing products of Triple Hair Canada, Caregen Korea are on track and undergoing 
trials and regulatory commissions. Discussions are also progressing well with Zambian 
government to finalize the modus operandi and form a manufacturing JV. These are exciting 
times as we continue to build a global pharmaceutical company. 
Now moving on to operating performance. Operating performance of the company in Q4 was 
robust with overall revenue growth 12.4% and adjusted EBITDA growing by ~13% year-on-
year. For the year, our performance was flat for both revenues and EBITDA, as compared to last 
year. As we mentioned, this was largely on account of price erosion of APIs, as our revenue are 
built on cost-plus model, where cost-of-input API and packaging material are passed to the 
customers.  
Further, with muted industry volumes, the overall demand in Indian pharma market was soft. 
FY '24 had a sizable product development contract of INR126 crore. If we exclude it to account 
revenue from manufacturing services, CDMO revenues grew by 2%.  
API EBIDTA losses continue on their downward trend as we continue to focus on bringing 
profitability to this business. Beyond Indian markets, we are also exploring global markets to 
improve realization. Over 10% of our sales in FY '25 was international market. Over the next 12 
to 18 months, we expect to enter the European market with three CEP approvals. We invest 
around 4% of API revenues in R&D to improve margins profile of existing portfolio and build 
dossier for European market. 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Our domestic branded formulation business continues to do well, with 9% revenues growth and 
12% EBIDTA growth for the full year. Our IPM ranking improved to 58 in FY '25. Our PCPM 
improved  approximately 20% over the last 3 years, while we also added around 14% new sales 
professional to our team. We continue to focus on specialy physicians, with 70% of our coverage 
being specialists. Further, 70%-plus of our portfolio is chronic, with focus of gynaecology and 
cardio-diabetes. 
The international branded segments have been performing well for the last few years, registering 
over 25% CAGR since FY '22. We are present in 50-plus countries across Africa, Southeast Asia 
and penetrating into European, LATAM, MENA regions. Over the last 3 years, our 450 dossiers 
were registered in various global markets, showcasing our R&D and regulatory strengths. 
Now I will hand over to Mr. Sumeet Sood, our CFO, for the financials. 
Sumeet Sood: 
Thank you, Sandeep ji, for the insight. I'll take you through the financials of the company. If we 
look at the full year consolidated numbers of revenue, we were at INR4,170 crores. This is 1% 
lower than last year, which was INR4,212 crores. Adjusted EBITDA for the full year was very 
similar. On exact numbers, it was INR2 crores lower. PAT for the current financial year is 
INR234 crore, as compared to INR220 crores in the previous year. 
If we'll go to the quarterly numbers. The March total income came to INR1,073 crores. That is 
12.4% higher on year-on-year basis. INR954 crores was for the quarter ended March. And it's 
~5% higher than the December quarter. If we look at the adjusted EBITDA for the CDMO 
business. For the Q4, it was INR111 crores compared to INR98 crores for March '24. This is 
~13% higher, but it is 18% lower than the December '24 number which was INR136 crores.  
Our PAT stood at INR44 crores. It was similar to what we did the last quarter. However, this 
was lower than Q3 which was at INR66 crores.  
If we look at what we've done for our financials is that we were presenting three segments. We 
have sort of further broken that into five business segments, and we will probably tell you the 
results of each of these segments separately. 
For the CDMO, if we look at the overall revenue, it was at INR3,208 crores. It was ~2% lower 
than last year. EBITDA for the full year was lower by ~7%. If you look at -- we were at INR487 
crores last year. We had INR454 crores this year. For the quarter ended March '25, revenue was 
INR840 crores. It is ~15% higher than the last quarter and ~7% higher on quarter-on-quarter 
basis. EBITDA for Q4 was INR89 crores, ~9% higher year-on-year basis, which was INR81 
crores for March 2024, but ~27% lower in quarter-on-quarter basis, where it was INR121 crores. 
If we look at the business that is on domestic branded segments. The overall full year revenue 
was INR434 crores. It is ~9% higher than last year which stood at INR398 crores. EBITDA for 
the full year stood at INR77 crores compared to INR68 crores last year. This is ~12% higher. 
For the quarter ended March '25, the revenue was INR104 crores compared to INR94 crores 
which was in March '24, which is ~10% higher year-on-year basis; however, ~6% lower quarter-
on-quarter basis, which stood at INR110 crores.  

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
If we look at the EBITDA for the Q4, it was INR22 crores, ~11% lower on year-on-year basis, 
which was INR25 crores in March '24, but ~10% higher on quarter-on-quarter basis, which stood 
at INR20 crores.  
The international branded segment has done a total revenue of INR143 crores compared to 
INR125 crores last year. This is ~14% higher. EBITDA for the full year stood at INR28 crores 
compared to INR24 crores last year. It stood ~15% higher from last year.  
For the quarter ended, the revenue was INR40 crores, which is compared to INR21 crores, 86% 
higher year-on-year basis; however, ~7% lower on quarter-on-quarter basis. EBITDA for Q4 
was INR9 crores significantly higher than INR2 crores for the quarter ended March '24; and 
~12% higher on quarter-on-quarter basis, which was INR8 crores for the quarter ended 
December '24. 
For the API business, as Sandeep-ji had explained, our endeavour is to see how we can reduce 
the losses. So, if we look at the total revenue, there is -- this year, we did INR219 crores, which 
was higher than last year but very nominal which -- INR6 crores, so 3.2% higher. For the full 
year, the EBITDA losses would marginally decline from -- INR44 crores, which stood now. And 
last year, it was INR46 crores.  
For the quarter ending March '25, the revenue was INR50 crores, INR10 crores higher QoQ 
basis, 20% higher on quarter-on-quarter basis. For the quarter ending March '25, EBITDA losses 
declined to INR6 crores from INR8 crores.  
The trade generic business. The total revenue stood at INR115 crores, INR62 crores lower than 
last year which stood at INR176 crores.  
For the full year, the EBITDA losses have slightly declined to INR28 crore from last year, INR33 
crores. The quarter-ending revenue was INR22 crores compared to INR30 crores in the previous 
quarter. For the quarter ending March '25, the EBITDA losses were higher at INR10 crores, from 
INR7 crores in Q4 FY '24.  
The operating cash flow for the group continued to be positive and healthy. We were at INR465 
crores. INR498 crores were last year. And the cash conversion ratios stay at above 90%. 
The free cash flow also stood at INR201 crores. INR212 crores was for the last year. As Sandeep-
ji, during his session, mentioned, that we on the 9th of April got the part payment for the EU  
contract. We got INR950 crores. We had the surplus cash of INR566 crores, so the company 
today has a war chest and cash surplus of INR1,520 crores. 
Our working capital stays healthy. The net working capital has improved from 99 days to 91 
days. And we are pretty happy to announce the results of the company. We would request you 
for your questions now, and we will collectively try to answer all of them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Vivek Agrawal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a decent set of numbers. FY '25 was a bit 
challenging because of the pricing and all these things. So how to look at the numbers, as far as 
the CDMO business is concerned, in terms of growth and margin profile for FY '26? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Vivek. Sahil here. So rightly said. So just even look at now, the volatility in API prices 
still continue, while we initially thought that it would subside in a few quarters, but honestly 
today, we still see a downward trend in APIs. So since you know it's a cost-plus model where 
almost half of our cost is APIs in our transfer pricing.  
So giving guidance really on the top line is tricky at this point in time given the API prices still 
continue to be soft. What we can do is give a -- broadly a volume guidance. As we mentioned, 
we grew 9% quarter-on-quarter volumes. So the volumes are coming back. So that internally 
means either the inventory is getting destocked or there's inherent demand of -- for the new 
products that we have launched. 
So what we expect in FY '26 is that we'll have a single-high-digit volume growth. On top of it, 
if the API revenues -- if the API prices stay same, then we'll have a similar revenue profile. If 
the API prices continue to move up to their average levels, which are currently very low, we'll 
have a better revenue growth, but as of now, since the API is volatile, we cannot say it.  
But the volumes will be in single high digit, which you obviously know it is much higher than 
the -- what the overall IPM would do. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Understood. And in this quarter the CDMO business grew quite decently, but the margins were 
slightly on the softer side, so would you like to explain basically how the -- or what caused the 
kind of volatility, as far as the margins are concerned? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Sure. So while this should be looked at Q4-to-Q4. So Q4 usually has a product mix or a product 
profile which is of lower gross margins compared to the other quarters. So that remain there. So 
if we look at really 9 months and 3 months of this quarter. So broadly, more than half of this, it 
was on account of higher COGS, which is a product mix, but this is a quarter-on-quarter 
phenomena.  
This, we saw last year, the year before and so on. So this is why it should be looked as an annual 
business, which we continue to maintain a similar guidance on. And that partly mostly explain. 
And quarter 4 also has some bonus payouts and provisions. So that's a minor part of it, but largely 
it's the product mix which drove down the margins. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Thanks. And just last question before I jump in the queue. If you look at trade generic; and API 
revenues, the API business. So it is continuously, I think, loss making. And if you look at quarter 
numbers, trade generic losses have been widened, so what is the thought process around these 
business, continuing these business going forward? 
Sandeep Jain: 
See trade generic we are seeing it from last two, three years. So we are not able to see significant 
positive results. So now we are in the process of consolidating this business or at least to maintain 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
that this losses should not go to the next year forward. So we are in the process of consolidating 
this business. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
And sir of API? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes. As far as API is concerned, we are still there in the business and we'll remain to be there in 
the business. We are trying to curtail our losses. Last year we are not able to curtail our losses 
and in revenue also we are not taking positive so around 10% of the volume growth -- sorry, 
revenue growth we are planning and apart from that the losses which is there we are trying to 
reduce it significantly. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Just coming back on trade generic. So when you say consolidating the business, means overall 
reducing the overall footprint or overall size of this business. Is that right way to understand? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes, you understood it right, but that is not like we are going to zero-down this business. The 
portion which is positive in this and profit making that portion only we will keep with us. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Thank you, sir. This is helpful. That’s from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gautam Gosar from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead. 
As there is no response, we'll move ahead to next question. Next question is from the line of 
Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sahil just first on the CDMO growth this quarter. So partly you explained about volumes. Is 
there any pricing element also in this particular quarter? Have we been able to increase prices or 
it's the mix has just changed and due to that, there is a better realization? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
See if you see broadly what we have also done in our investor presentation, what we did, we 
tried to show a waterfall around it. And hence the gross margins of the overall CDMO business 
has improved up. So the product mix overall has improved. This is partly on account of the 
DCGIs which we have constantly strived for. This year also we receive 31 of them and also on 
account of improved product mix.  
And if we will see which we have a niche form which we have classified as base and niche being 
everything which is research-driven or tough to manufacture or injectables and so on. So that is 
our 20% CAGR and from last three, four years it is increasing. So the gross margins are 
improving in this business. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay, understood. And secondly, on -- any color on the sickle cell product launch? Are we now 
looking for an international market opportunity only on -- any color on when the uptick will 
happen in the India market? 
Sandeep Jain: 
See in sickle cell there are many opportunities and if we say clear cut visibility we are not 
available to see those clear-cut visibilities, but still we are very much hopeful that this is a big 
business and whenever market is going to realize it or whosoever are their consumers it is going 
to be a big business and big margin products as well and in that we are alone in this who are 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
patent holder and our cost also is very low from the international products, but for future 
guidance at the moment we have kept it separate. Whenever there will be a revenue or the profit, 
it will be an add-on to our guidance. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay, understood. And sir, next, you have received this EUR100 million from the export order, 
so -- I mean, how do you plan to deploy this cash? Would that be on the books till the time 
commercial supply starts or is there any plan to utilize it before? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So Abdul, the way we are looking at it is that we are looking at opportunities which will have 
synergic benefits to the company. Right now the money is parked, well invested, but businesses 
which will have synergic advantage with us, profit-making businesses is what we will probably 
look at. 
Sandeep Jain: 
We can look at it in two ways. One is this specific money which has been parked there is a 
purpose behind that and we have to utilize that in that purpose only as and when our products 
will come, but because we are cash positive, we are looking for some merger and acquisition 
opportunities or different type key merger, of course, within the pharma space only and which 
are profitable and who will add value add to our supply chain and our product mix and our client 
mix.  
So we are seeing that type of opportunity, but certainly profit-making business we are exploring 
it and we are very mindful whatever public money is there to utilize it which will be a value add 
to every stakeholders.  
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it, sir. And sir, finally on the top line guidance. So do you have any color on EBITDA; how 
would the EBITDA margin or absolute EBITDA look like for next fiscal, '26? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So CDMO will remain similar margins to this year. Akumentis and Unosource are already high-
margin profiles compared to the overall average corporate, so will be similar margins of 18% to 
20%. As sir was explaining we are consolidating. So the magnitude of losses in the trade 
generics, we still have to think through, but that will come down.  
And API, we are significantly focusing on how do we reduce losses if you will see Q4 also there 
is a INR6 crores EBITDA loss. So we are significantly working on how do we bring down these 
losses. The three businesses, we'll maintain a similar margin profile. And the loss-making couple 
of businesses, we'll see losses coming down. So the overall margin profile of the company will 
move up. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Madhav: 
Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for your time. My first question is on the trade generic 
business. So here the revenue has been coming down from us consistently like if I look at FY'22, 
we were at INR500 crores plus revenue, which is now INR100 crores, but the absolute EBITDA 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
loss here has actually gone up from INR20 crores to INR28 crores. Could you explain what is 
happening here?  
Like, we've scaled down this business consistently, but EBITDA loss is still higher. And I mean, 
how difficult is it to just close the business and just bring the losses to zero because I'm not really 
sure what we're trying to do here? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Sure. So thanks Madhav for the question. So essentially if we see the business, in trade generic 
business there are two characteristics. One is it is characterized by low pricing. So in an absence 
of quality parameters, I think pricing is what demands the overall channel play. The second is 
the working capital requirements of these businesses is high.  
So your question on EBITDA this is what -- why we have scaled it down, essentially that the 
profitability of this business is consistently deteriorating across the board and very significantly 
for us. The COGS is significantly higher for us. And so that is the reason the margin profile is 
coming down and as well as given the working capital needs are high.  
And there are some provisions and write-offs in this business so we get EBITDA loss is more. 
That's the overall reason why we think that, while we have over the last 2, 3 years seen how we 
can turn this around, but given the current scenario of the business where a branded play 
significantly helps you in a trade generic business and since we are largely a CDMO business, 
in an absence of a large branded play, we don't see this as a meaningful opportunity to us. 
Madhav: 
So that's exactly my point. Like, why don't you just close it like just take the revenue to zero and 
then the EBITDA loss should go away, right? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So Madhav so there's a working capital in the business. So if I immediately turn off the plug -- 
so that money is a risk that entire working capital might get provisioned for. So there are active 
efforts wherein we'll reduce our exposure on the working capital. And when the time is right, 
we'll take a call on shutting down the states, specific states wherever losses are more or specific 
product lines. And we'll continue perhaps some presence in this business if necessary. While I 
don't say we'll have it, but the whole idea is to scale this business down. 
Madhav: 
Okay, got it. And secondly, I think you have mentioned about looking for some M&A 
opportunities. Could you help us understand like which is it in the CDMO business itself you're 
looking for M&A? And some more color. Is it for the domestic market play? Is it for exports 
and I guess just last clarification was you have INR1,500 crores cash on the balance sheet, 
including the money for the European contract.  
So fair to understand, that INR1,000 crores we will not touch. So it's only from this INR500 
crores and then any other leverage that we may take. So that ring-fencing will happen or that 
1,000 crores, also we can use for M&A? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So money is fungible. So about 1,000 crores have with us. So while the endeavour is we'll have 
this money with us, but if needed, we can already have an OD facility on the FD we have created 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
on it. Since it's INR1,500 crores, I think it's a good question for the entire group how to use in 
the leverage. So we have five businesses. Let strike it off where we cannot do M&A. 
You cannot do an M&A in trade generics. You cannot -- we don't want to do in APIs. So these 
two businesses are off the table. On Akumentis, while we plan to grow it above the IPM at 
double-digit growth rates, inorganic is not a key lever for us for growth in this business, partly 
because this is not one of the core focuses of the group, compared to CDMO. And also the 
market multiples are high in this business compared to other -- the corporate. 
So that is one business. If we get something very good and synergistic to Akumentis, we might 
explore, but this is not the top of priority for us. About doing two business CDMO and exports, 
both of them, we are looking at M&A opportunities. In CDMO specifically there are 2 areas 
where we have drilled it down. One is that lets us add the capability here. So maybe a dosage 
form, a technology which we don't have. And it's a commercially profitable technology which 
we can acquire or a product line or a business we can acquire which will add capability altogether 
to us. That is one. 
 
The second is a CDMO or a similar business wherein we get exposure to newer markets which 
we currently don't serve. So these are the 2 kind of businesses we are looking at in CDMO. And 
within exports, we have shortlisted some of our gold markets. Approximately 15 of our 
countries, out of 50 which we currently operate in, are gold markets for us. 
 
And we constantly will look at if we can get some good opportunities to expand our business in 
those markets. As you know, this is a business of focus for us. We intend to grow at least 20% 
year-on-year on this business, with current high level of EBITDA margins. So again, this is a 
business where we can look at M&A opportunities. 
Madhav: 
And just a follow-up on the CDMO for newer markets. I'm assuming that's obviously export 
market. So we will look to buy a facility as well overseas. Or we just want to get market access, 
so we'll buy some local company with supplies from the Indian plant itself. Because we do have 
a low-cost advantage being based in India... 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
We are open to both, honestly, Madhav, but the tilt obviously will remain to control the 
manufacturing, right, so it should be a facility wherein we can control the end-to-end of it. 
Madhav:  
Okay. And just on the API business guidance, could you give us some timeline by when this 
loss can go to zero? What's the updated timeline here? 
Sandeep Jain: 
See, presently, we don't see any timeline where we can tell you that we will be able to take it to 
zero. This year, it is going to remain at a loss and probably next year as well. But the losses are 
going to be, say, half by the end of this year, for sure. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anandha Padmanabhan from PGIM India Mutual Fund. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
Sir, in FY '24, you had a product development revenue of close to INR126-odd crores. Is it fair 
to assume that in FY '25 you had zero product development revenues? 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Sanjeev Jain: 
Yes -- almost zero, sir. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
Okay. And what's the outlook for this particular line of revenues, in terms of do you see -- is 
there any visibility of getting these revenues in the coming years? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Coming year, yes, there are some visibilities, but we have not factored them because this 
business is such that when there is a specific demand, we are able to comment on it. That is why 
we have not factored it anywhere in the guidance. But whenever it will be there, it will be an 
add-on. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
And this product development will typically pertain to the domestic market, right? Or is it for... 
Sandeep Jain: 
No, no, it is not -- no. You don't get a lot of money in the domestic market. Mostly, it is for the 
European market and the regulated market that you get a good margin and good money in 
product development. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
Okay. And, sir, the European contract, the long-term contract, which you have got EUR100 
million upfront, for this particular contract, what is the amount of capex and opex that you will 
need to incur before FY '27 to have the facility or get your capability up and running? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So, we'll have to get the plant done and we'll have to have the product approved, right? So what 
we are thinking on these lines, that this is roughly a EUR20 million expense for us wherein we 
will develop the dossier, register it in most of the European countries, as well as we'll upgrade 
our plant to get the European GMP. 
 
And we are also investing in a new product facility in A 11, which is our Baddi 1 facility, wherein 
we will again set up world-class, high-sophisticated lines to serve to European markets and get 
the European approval... 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
So this entire cost of all this would be $20 million. 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
It will be EUR20 million. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
EUR20 million, sorry. EUR20 million, okay. Fair enough. And sir, in terms of on a full year 
basis, in terms of you said that the pricing continues to be volatile. So even on a Q-on-Q basis, 
the prices has -- pricing in the CDMO business has been negative on a Q-o-Q basis? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Yes. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
Okay, okay. So coming on to FY -- even in FY '26, as of now, you don't see any visibility of 
prices stabilizing? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
No. So if you look at large anti-infectives, right, whether you look at amoxicillin, whether you 
look at cardio diabetes, Telmisartan and so on. So most of the APIs still continue to be very soft. 
And these are large APIs that dominate the Indian pharma market, right, pantoprazole and so on. 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
So currently we don't see that the API prices are stabilizing. Given it's a cost-plus model, this, 
honestly, does not impact much on our gross margins, but that is not how the facility operates, 
right? So it's a constant endeavour that we'll have to optimize our manufacturing expenses. 
 
And hopefully, these are not the levels which most of the industry will be happy at. So maybe it 
can take a quarter or 2 quarters or 3 quarters. We don't know, but these are significantly lower 
prices compared to historic averages. 
Anandha Padmanabhan: 
And since you operate on a percentage margins, this will -- historically, this has held true even 
on a rising API price scenario as well? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Correct, correct, very right. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pranav Chawla from Ambit Capital. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. Sir, when do we think we'll be able to EBITDA breakeven in 
the API business given the current scenario if the prices are stable? Are we still targeting end of 
FY '26 or we expect it to be pushed to FY '27? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So most of our revenues, what we get is from the Cephalosporin. Cephalosporin for a class of 
drugs which were hit harder, right? Almost 20%, we saw a price erosion, right? While the 
endeavour on manufacturing optimization, yield solvent recovery went well, but the overall 
COGS percent moved up as sale price reduced over here, right? 
 
As we tentatively guided that we should be able to bring down the losses by a good fraction, 
almost if the endeavour is to bring down by INR15 crores - INR20 crores this year from the last 
year, right? So this is what the endeavour is, but we might not be able to do positive this year, 
right? 
 
A lot will depend on how the Cephalosporin prices move, which will drive our next year 
profitability. But next year, the endeavour is to bring down the losses consistently. So whether 
it will be zero for the year or it would be single-digit losses, we'll really have to look at because 
this is a commodity Cephalosporin business as of now. 
 
Better question, I think how do we do it? So there are 2 things in parallel what we are doing. 
One is we are exploring the global market. So as Sandeep, sir, mentioned that next 12 to 18 
months the intention is to do 3 CEPs, and these will be largely across Cephalosporin, right. 
 
Do 3 CEPs and get the plant audited and approved by the European authorities. So there are 
lesser players, a few players at CEPs and there are better realizations as well. So that is one thing 
we are constantly doing. 
 
The second thing is domestic may be expanding the client base to ensure that the kind of market 
which we serve, we are fully entrenched into the domestic market and cost reduction has always 
been our focus in this business for the last 2 years, right? 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
So this is what we are doing. We are very hopeful and positive, Pranav. But at this point in time, 
you'll understand, get into my shoes, you'll realize that when will we break even? This largely 
depends on the external API pricing scenario. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Sir, do we have any deferred tax credit from this API business? And if yes, can you quantify 
that? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So we have had post the acquisition, taxes which came in with this business. So we have over 
INR850 crores, close to INR879 crores of tax losses, which came in with this business, and they 
continue to be here. And that's something that is the fact. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Are we able to utilize these tax losses as of now? Or do we see some time -- we will have to wait 
for API business to be profitable to utilize these credits? 
Sumeet Sood: 
We should, in the next 4 years, be able to utilize these losses. We had mentioned in our earlier 
calls that to utilize these tax losses, one of the ways we had done was that we had merged this 
entity with Pure and Cure, right? So some of those benefits we are getting from our largest 
CDMO business. So we think we will be able to utilize them in the next 4 years. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Perfect. And one last question from my side, sir. In the opening remarks, we mentioned we had 
certain excess provisions in this quarter. Do you want to call out what would be the quantum of 
this? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So we'll give you a broad understanding what are these provisions. So I think a lot of you asked 
questions around what in the trade generic are we doing. So some of these provisions came in to 
see that once we are sort of consolidating this business, we try to understand some of these 
debtors provisions that could be there. So I think broadly for the guidance, it is in line with the 
strategy that the company is following. So I think that is really where the provisions are. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. 
Madhav: 
Yes. Just a follow-up. On the export business, where we did about INR143 crores in FY '25. I 
think could you give us some sense in terms of how the base business can grow? And then also 
the European contract, which is a very large contract for us, could you give us some time line in 
terms of when does it start? And what could be the steady-state annual revenue? And anything 
on the margins as well of this European business? If you could give some color on that, that will 
be great. 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So this largelythis is a 200 million contract on a 6-year basis. So largely -- this will be INR300 
crores -- INR350-odd crores top line business with similar margin profile for us. So this will be 
a similar margin profile in the CDMO business. So this business will fall in the CDMO business 
for us, right? 
 
If you talk about the base export business, which is our branded business, what we do, this -- as 
I said, this is a base business for us. In absence of any inorganic as of now, this will continue to 
at least grow in high double digits, 20%-odd growth for us over the next 2, 3 years. And the 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
commercial supplies for the European contract will start in 2027, most likely in Q4 of '27, around 
February/ March of '27. 
Madhav: 
Q4 FY '27. Okay. February, March 2027 is when it starts. So FY '28, we should reach the full 
steady state of INR300 crores, INR350 crores or it takes some time to... 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Correct. No, no, this is a stable product with a stable market demand. So this is not a new launch. 
So this will have a stable demand of INR30-odd crores monthly. 
Madhav: 
Okay. And in the next -- like FY '26 and FY '27, given we need to incur some cost for filing the 
dossiers in Europe, etc., is there any expense that we will put in the P&L for this contract, like 
FY '26 and '27, you could have some cost coming through? Or how would that work? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So this on the basis of the accounting standard would work on a composite accounting, right? 
So the expenses get charged off when the revenue recognition happens, right? Because the 
enduring benefit will be over the period when the revenue comes in. While there would be capital 
expenditure, which will happen, but as I said that this will be on the basis when the revenue 
comes in. 
Madhav: 
Okay. So FY '26, we said, we're not going to incur any cost, like it will be sort of accounted for 
when we start the revenue, right? So that's the way we should think... 
Sumeet Sood: 
Yes. So there will be an expenditure but not be tied to the P&L. That is what I was trying to 
reply. Yes, we'll capitalize it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Naman Bhansali: 
My first question is on the utilization level that you've given in the presentation. So on an 
average, we are gearing around 31% to 38% in the FY '25 full year. My question is, why are we 
running on such a smaller utilization level versus our peers who are -- who report around 50%, 
60% utilization levels generally? And is it something to do that we have done a much larger 
capex than our business demand currently persist? 
Sandeep Jain: 
In this case you will need to understand our business model. We work for multiple clients, like 
over 1400 clients with 4,000 different products and with around 18,000 different SKUs. So there 
are so many plants like and dosage forms as well, may it be ampoule, vial, injection, et cetera, 
et cetera large volume these are tablets, capsules, hard gel, soft gelatin. So into that, multiple 
products, multiple changeovers, so number of changeovers which we have in our set up its not 
anywhere.. So if you look at this, capacity or specific capacity it is utilise there also in 
changeovers. 
Secondly, it like large volume parentals, injectables, and we achieve 70%, 80% capacity of this, 
wherein tablet, capsule, so number of changeovers we use less capacities. If there is hormone 
facility, so hormone facility is running say at around 10%, say 20%. But that will be fulfilled 
with hormone business only. The same way when we are going to say, make capex on a few 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
more businesses, so that is for new dosage forms, like we are going for oncology, we are going 
for steroids, which are not there in our basket. 
So the capacity enhancement is going different types of dosage forms. LVP, we are already short 
of capacities. So we will build more capacities. So the same way we are going to build the 
capacities. And we these capacities 40 to 60, but it is not going to be 100% in pharmaceutical 
and specifically with our business wherein we are having 18,000 different SKUs. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. Got it. So ideally, should we assume that it should be at peak, maybe around 40%, 50% 
we are not more than that? 
Sandeep Jain: 
No, no, no, We every line, every product checked, validated it up to 60%. So at any point of 
time, we can go up to 60% very easily without making any efforts or with least minimum efforts, 
and 60%-65%-70% on some line it can go. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. Got it. Understood. 
Sandeep Jain: 
It is specific to some future few lines, you could take lines from 80%, 85%. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. Got it. Understood. Second question is on cepha. Given it's a very competitive market as 
well as commodity market. So also given that we have almost 80% of our business from cepha 
and the API side, so are we looking to enter into any other different API segments or any other 
different API that we are looking out to diversify this segment which might help us get more 
margins quicker? 
Sandeep Jain: 
See, we do have 2 different plants. One is meant for Cephalosporin. This is an category 
Cephalosporin in pharmaceutical we cannot manufacture anything other than Cephalosporin in 
that specific plant. So we have to bring this plant Cephalosporin and bring into profit and we are 
increasing the volume in those plants as well and that is also regularly in production and we are 
increasing the volume in those plants as well. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. And lastly, on the international business. So this year, I think we grew around 14%. And 
so is there scope here to grow at more than that range around 20%? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes, yes, there is scope also, and we will definitely achieve it, in this financial year we will 
achieve it. 
Naman Bhansali; 
And on the dossier side this year, we had almost 70 approvals versus last year... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Can you please move to the question queue for follow-up questions. Next 
question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Sir, what will be the capex in FY '26. 
Sumeet Sood: 
Right. So we had given -- last time we have said that we will be going to Jammu. So we've 
broken down our capex into maintenance capex and growth capex. The maintenance capex 
would also take upliftment of the entire thing. So we are looking at almost a INR300 crore capex 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
in this year, of which we think close to INR100 crores, one third of the total capex will go into 
basically maintenance and modernization and the growth capex would be on INR200 crores for 
the year. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
And this INR200 crore, where are we spending the growth capex? 
Sandeep Jain: 
First, we will put in Jammu. Apart from we liquid oral for our European business. Although we 
do have a line, apart from the current line as well, so on that also there will be investment. And 
also in oncology and steroids we are going to provide. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. Sir, in the cash flow, there is a significant increase in principal payment of lease liabilities 
from last year, INR52 crores versus INR8 crores. So what is that related to? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So this is basically for the new land parcel’s we have bought for Jammu and other plants and 
that's where that liability has increased because it's a long-term lease liability that we have 
created over 30 years. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. 
Sumeet Sood: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gautam Gosar from Monarch AIF. 
Gautam Gosar: 
I have a question on your utilization levels since you explained that. I just wanted to understand 
if you have so many possibilities already examined. Will you please highlight which of your 
facilities are north of 55%, 60% utilization levels? 
Sandeep Jain: 
If we talk about the dosage wise, the old facilities of injectables are 70%-80 % while liquid oral 
facilities are 70%, while the OSD facilities operate around 40 %. And the new facilities like 
A12, which injectable, which is running less than 5% because business has to grow. The same 
way, Penam facility in Haridwar, that is also around 10% so it is full leverage. Because the new 
facilities are introduced the product is and the stability data of is getting ready. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Except for the new facilities, all our own facilities are north of 45%, 50% utilization levels. 
Sandeep Jain: 
The old facilities are yes, they can be, but we also want to see, like Plant 1 dedicate for exports, 
and Plant 4 for hormones. So it is specific to the doses form. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Okay. I think when the blended utilization levels should be much higher than what we are 
reporting around 30%/ 40%. 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
I couldn't get you. Can you repeat your question? Your voice wasn't as clear. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Basically, all our old facilities are north of 45%, 50% utilization level, then the blended 
utilization for us should be like more than 40%, 50%, which currently is around 35%, 40%. So 
I cannot understand where the gap is coming from. 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
No, no. So let me reclassify. So inherent challenges with a few facilities that the overall market 
volumes are low. So hormones, that operates at sub-20%. And similarly, Plant 1, we have 
reserved for Europe where we are still building volumes. So most of our old facilities, if we see 
the blended average, so that comes out to be 40-odd percent. 
Okay. Now we have added capacity. As you see over the last 4 years, we have added almost one 
fourth of our capacity, we have added to our capacity. This is across these dosage forms, which 
we report, right? Some are -- so injectables, we are operating at almost 50% plus. If you pick up 
the RHPC Plant 3, we were higher, right? But now you see it's gone down to 32% with the 
injectable facility, obviously, which is larger in terms of the units that we produce, brought down 
our utilization for injectables to 32%. 
Similarly, the kind of investments we are doing in oral liquids has brought down our oral liquids, 
although oral liquids is a seasonal business. So in quarter 3, it spikes up. And hence, we have to 
keep a headroom. And hence, the overall utilization gets low. So while we can look at an average 
level, we have to really think through what is the seasonality and what is the formulation type 
before we say blended level, most of our capacity, as you could see, is for oral solids with high 
changeovers and client needs is currently between 35%, 40 % depending on what quarter we 
play in which for full year y a number came out 38%. 
 
This, what we are saying is given in oral solids, we can move up to 50%, 55%. If we stick here, 
don't do further capex over the next 2, 3 years, we can do it. But a plant, it takes almost 2 years 
to bring up, get the WHO-GMP validated. So an adding capex, if we see our business is growing, 
is always a wiser decision to plan in advance for at least 24 months. And hence we base 
denominator but volumes constantly increase. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Secondly, on the domestic formulation business. So on overall IPM level, we have seen a 
restricted growth of around 8%, 9%. So how should we look at our business of domestic 
formulations and what growth can we expect from this business? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So this is a business which we are targeting if you really see through. We not take price hike this 
year. Obviously, right? So we are focusing on building branded play wherein we have a 
prescription-driven play, right? So this is a business where we are targeting a double-digit top 
line growth, which is -- which will be higher than the overall Indian pharma market. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, you mentioned about your API losses which are coming down... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Could you please rejoin the question queue? 
Gautam Gosar: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Sir, European client, contract that we have, if you can just explain how to account it again. I 
don't have that much clarity. So will cash flow come and how will it run through the P&L? And 
what sort of cash margins are we expecting to make here? 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Sumeet Sood: 
So Sumeet here. So, like we a part payment, like Sandeep was explaining we have invest most 
of things, to take the plant approval. We'll have to take the product approvals. We'll have to put 
in some capex in the plant. All this investment will continue to happen, which not be charged 
off because there is no commensurate revenue which is coming in, right? 
 
While the cash flow has come in, that is cash which has come into the books of the company. 
Now when starting, let's say, let's take the way the contract is structured. On 1st April, we will 
probably be starting off the billing. 
 
For the whole year, we will probably -- whatever revenue will be there, there will be a part which 
will get adjusted against the payment which has come. And there will be a part which will be 
adjusted against the expenses that we have made, right? So the accounting will only start 
happening when the revenue will start getting recognized on this contract. So that's how the 
accounting will work. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. So how much cash has already come in, sir? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So the way we -- when we mentioned, we got EUR100 million as part payment for the contract. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So where does it show up in the -- you would have put it on the liability side on the balance 
sheet, right? Where does it show? 
Sumeet Sood: 
No, not on the 31st. So it came on 9th of April, right? So this is a subsequent event, you look at 
the net surplus, you will see number 566, cash or cash equivalent. So, if we try to reconcile it 
with the balance sheet, then we will not be able to do it now because the money has come on 
9th. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Understood. What kind of margins that we expect to make here? Like in the domestic CDMO, 
we make a certain set of margin, there is certain working capital requirement, right? So what -- 
how the economics different here in this business? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sir, what is there, in Europe the business that comes, there are very good high margins, but 
because we had to grab this business at any cost, it was the very first business, and which is 
giving us entry in around 20 countries, along with it, the investment in terms of getting approvals 
and all that is also being reimbursed by the party. 
 
So, that is why we did not focus so much on margins here and it is somewhere around 15% 
margins that we will get. Although we are expecting that in the rest of the European business, 
we will be able to grab more margins. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Naman Bhansali: 
I was just following up on the dossier side for our export business. For FY '25, we have around 
70 dossiers, which used to be much higher over the last 3 years, around 130 to 140 over the last 
couple of years. Now does this impact -- has any impact on the growth going forward in terms 
of newer dossier approvals reducing this year significantly? 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
No. So, let's look at its history. So this is largely on account of years of R&D and dossier filing 
that happens too, right? So we think of a dossier, we go develop it, file the regulatory approval. 
So for example, it differs by country to country. Some countries give approvals in 6 months. 
Others can take as long as 3 years. Right? 
 
So this is an outcome event that we have received 70. As I have mentioned, we are also focusing 
on fewer gold markets. So the number of countries where we filed dossiers have also reduced. 
We are now largely targeting where -- which markets we can go deeper. 
 
But this certainly has no impact on the growth. Neither we are saying we are slowing down on 
the exports. We are constantly investing in our R&D and developing high-quality products 
specific to the markets which are of focus to us. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. And secondly, on the management side to a bit, this year, I think we have received a 
resignation of the CDMO CEO personnel as well as last year, I think the domestic formulation 
CEO resigned so where are we looking at the hiring from these 2 perspectives? 
Sandeep Jain: 
See, in any industry, attrition is a normal process and because of his personal reason, he wanted 
to go. So, of course, we are in the process of hiring a few key people. But we always search for 
the right people. 
 
So, it's not like we just want to fill a post. Business is going on, but we want to manage the 
business more professionally through professionals. So, we are trying to identify the people who 
will be the best in class of the industry. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gautam Gosar from Monarch AIF. 
Gautam Gosar: 
My question is on the API business. So what level should we see the API business breaking 
even? Like can you quantify a number at these levels it can break even? And what growth are 
we expecting? So earlier, I think we are expecting a much higher growth. And are we seeing any 
slowdown in this business now? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So I'll rephrase -- paraphrase what we said earlier. Essentially, so the top line growth is what we 
are targeting 10%/ 15% growth, but that is not the key focus. The key focus is how do we reduce 
losses and move to a path of profitability, right? So last year, we did over INR40 crores of 
EBITDA losses, which we think this year will be in the range somewhere around INR25-odd 
crores. 
 
But this will largely be driven from how the external market plays in terms of the cyphlosporin 
prices. While the endeavor is to increase our share of general products as well, but this is how it 
will pan out. So FY '26, if I say, we'll still be in losses, but the losses will be significantly 
curtailed down. FY '27 is a year which we think we might be breakeven or single digits of 
EBITDA losses. 
Gautam Gosar: 
What revenue can be breakeven? 

  
 
Akums Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So exactly to rephrase. So, revenue here is, cyphlosporin has come down. So, if from there, your 
meaning is that on the capacity utilization, we are still decently capacity utilized, almost one-
third capacity utilized. We can do to 2.5x from the current levels of our capex, which has gone 
into. To a point, where will we breakeven? This is -- we currently do roughly INR200-odd crores. 
I think once we do almost 2x the size of the current revenues will be better off in terms of a 
profit-making business. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Got it. Last question on trade generics. How much working capital is blocked over there? Can 
you quantify the inventory write-off taken in this quarter? 
Sumeet Sood: 
So we have given a broad guidance on this. As I said, that this is something that we, as a part of 
our strategy are looking. But if we really look at what is the sort of working capital, this is not 
much overall in our business. If we look at the total trade generic business, we wouldn't -- we 
have, say, close to INR45 crores, INR46 crores on debtors. We have INR18-odd crores, which 
is on the inventory and INR35 crores on basically creditors. So there isn't much on the working 
capital. We have made a decent provision, and I don't think there will be any large hits going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Thank you, everyone, for attending Akums Q4 Earnings Call. If you have any remaining 
questions, you can reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Namaste. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: This does not purport to be a verbatim account of the earnings call. It has been edited for readability and statements made in Hindi 
have been translated to English.  
