 
 Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
  
 501, Plot No. 67, Pujit Plaza, Opp. K-Star Hotel, Sector-11, C.B.D. Belapur, Navi Mumbai – 400 614 
 Telefax No. +91 022 27570710, Mobile No. 9619497305, Website : www.dhruvconsultancy.in 
 Email ID: services@dhruvconsultancy.in, info@dhruvconsultancy.in, CIN No. L74999MH2003PLC141887 
 
DHRUV /OUTWARD/2025-26/1020 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001 
Fax No. 022-22723121/3027/2039/2061 
Security Code: 541302, Security ID : DHRUV  
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai -400 051 
Fax No. 022-26598120/38 
Scrip Symbol: DHRUV  
 
 
Re: 
ISIN - INE506Z01015 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Year  
  
ended March 31, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is with reference to our intimation dated May 13, 2025, for scheduling Earnings Conference 
Call on May 19, 2025.  
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call. 
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company. 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for DHRUV CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
TANVI T AUTI   
Managing Director   
DIN 07618878  
TANVI TEJAS AUTI
Digitally signed by TANVI TEJAS 
AUTI 
Date: 2025.05.23 17:11:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
Q4 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANDURANG DANDAWATE – CHAIRMAN – DHRUV 
CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED 
MS. TANVI AUTI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – DHRUV 
CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT MAHAKAL – GENERAL ACCOUNT 
MANAGER – DHRUV CONSULTANCY SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIL GHANSHYANI – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Results Conference Call of 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani from Kirin Advisors Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to 
the conference call of Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited. From the management team, we 
have Mr. Pandurang Dandawate, Chairman; Ms. Tanvi Auti, Managing Director; Mr. Rohit 
Mahakal, General Account Manager. 
 
I now hand over the call to Ms. Tanvi Auti for opening remarks. Over to you, ma'am. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I extend a hearty welcome to each one of you who has 
joined us today for the -- for Q4 Dhruv Consultancy Investor Call, where we will delve into the 
financial results of the financial year gone by, that is '24-'25. Your participation and interest in 
our company's performance are highly valued. During this session, we'll offer a concise review 
of Q4 '25 financials, providing insights into our achievements, the challenges we faced and 
outlining our future strategies. 
 
Before we immerse ourselves, let's take a look at our journey so far. The company was founded 
in 2003, based in Navi Mumbai by Mr. Pandurang Dandawate. Dhruv Consultancy has now 
emerged as a leading name in the infrastructure consultancy. We offer end-to-end project 
solutions such as design and engineering, project management consultancy and techno-advisory 
services, which makes us a trusted partner in the infrastructure development sector.  
 
Our wide range of expertise covers the feasibility studies, a preparation of detailed project report, 
detailed design, then construction supervision for construction as well as maintenance activities, 
asset management services, value engineering services, safety audits and technical audits and 
lenders engineering. As a strategic partner for investors, we are always doing the project so as 
to solve the complexities and reach an amicable solution with our client. 
 
Let's now delve into the prominent achievements and milestones of Q4 FY '25. Q4 FY '25 
marked a period of strong operational momentum as we secured high-value consultancy 
contracts across various sectors and regions. This year, we did not just focus on the highway 
sector, but we -- as said in the last conference call also that we would be entering new segments 
and new territories and new sectors as well. 
 
So, we were awarded with a general consultancy contract worth INR11.05 crores by West 
Central Railway segment so far, marking a significant diversification in our portfolio. We also 
received a INR9.27 crores order for independent engineer services under the Bharatmala 
Pariyojna in West Bengal. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
We additionally bagged a project -- 2 greenfield highway projects around Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh 
for a price of INR7.85 crores. And we further secured a INR6.37 crores supervision consultancy 
contract for NHAI for O&M phase of the Obedullaganj-Itarsi Section of NH-46. 
 
In Maharashtra, we signed an agreement worth INR1.09 crores with the HCC that is Hindustan 
Construction Company for Design Proof Checking of a key 2-lane bridge across Agardanda 
Creek on the Revas-Reddi Highway. This marks our entry into the private sector as well and the 
company for the future is now focused on increasing the private sector order book along with 
the government. 
 
On the urban infrastructure front, we were appointed by the MMRDA as a project management 
consultant for Mumbai Metro Line 5 with a contract value of INR1.35 crores. We were also 
engaged by the Indore Municipal Corporation for the development of Master Plan Roads for a 
consultancy assignment worth INR1.25 crores. 
 
These milestones underscore our unwavering commitment to delivering superior infrastructure 
solutions while steadily expanding our footprint. We continue to harness our technical 
excellence and strategic partnerships and execution capabilities to drive sustainable and long-
term growth. 
 
Now let's take a closer look at the company's financials. In Q4 FY '25, Dhruv Consultancy 
Services reported a notable financial growth with a total income of INR28.03 crores, reflecting 
a 12.09% year-on-year increase. The EBITDA stood at INR4.09 crores, making a year-on-year 
growth of 75%. Profit after tax was INR1.99 crores, showing a significant increase of 360% as 
compared to FY '24. The diluted earnings that is the EPS grew by 290% to INR 1.13. 
 
Now coming to the year-on-year review. For FY '25, the company has finally entered a 3-digit 
turnover, that is a total income of INR 103.52 crores, a slight year-on-year growth of 25.6%. 
The EBITDA was INR15.78 crores, up by 6.96% year-on-year. PAT reached INR6.9 crores, a 
year-on-year growth of 17.26%. 
 
The diluted EPS increased by 6.70% to INR4.14. In both Q4 FY '25 and the financial year '25, 
the company has achieved remarkable financial milestones, attesting to our unwavering 
commitment to excellence. These achievements underscore our dedication to financial progress 
and sustained success in the dynamic landscape of infrastructure consultancy. 
 
Before we proceed to the question-and-answer session, I would once again like to thank all our 
investors, our esteemed stakeholders for their indispensable contribution to our journey of 
growth. Your unwavering support has been a cornerstone of our success, and we sincerely value 
your significant role in our achievements. 
 
I now invite you for a question-and-answer session. Your insights are highly valuable to us. 
Thank you once again for your presence and ongoing support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mahesh Sheth, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Yes. And my first question is, what percentage of your current business is coming from 
highways, tunnels, ports and environmental segment, respectively? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So right now, 90% of the revenue is coming from the highway sector only because we have just 
started working in the railways and metro sector and around 5% to 10% of the revenue is coming 
from the railway sector, railways and metros together. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Okay. So major contributor is highways, right? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, yes, yes. But going forward, we will be adding new sectors along with railways and metros, 
we would be adding airports, public health engineering and I think urban infrastructure sector 
also. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
And my next question is that how do you assess your execution capabilities and resource 
availability, like especially as you scale up at international and domestic projects? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So right now, we have a total employee strength of 450 plus. We have a dedicated business 
development and a human resource team, which is working constantly towards the recruitment 
of new manpower as and when it is required, project to project. So, we don't actually hire the 
manpower on day 1. We just have to identify, submit the tender. And then when the tender is 
awarded, if the tender is awarded to us, then we hire the manpower. So, there is no financial 
burden as such from day 1. 
 
Secondly, the company is now 22 years -- will complete 23 years this year. So, since day 1, the 
employees who have been with us are still there. There is a -- for a permanent payroll, our 
attrition rate is as low as 2%. So very few instances have been where employees have left us. 
Even in the freshers’ sector, last 2 years, we have not faced attrition with respect to the employee 
retention. So, these employees who had joined us, say, 10 or 15 or 20 years before have now 
come to a managerial position who are now executing projects domestically and internationally. 
 
So as opposed to our competitors in the market, we have a dedicated team of 100 engineers at 
our head office or corporate office in Mumbai, who don't actually -- who are not actually a part 
of the assignment or who are not actually proposed for the particular assignment, but they 
actually monitor sitting here in the head office, as and when required, they travel to the sites 
also, but all approvals, all the control of all projects are there at the head office level. So as far 
as manpower is concerned, I think these 60 to 100 engineers can take up another 100 projects in 
the future. So, till then, we have no problem. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And my last question is that with the Mozambique project recently secured, 
so how is Dhruv planning to build capabilities for more international assignment? Are there 
other geographies you are actively bidding? 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So currently, 75-plus EOI has been submitted for which results are awaited. We have 
submitted over 15 RFPs. Our financial codes have been submitted. So, the turnaround time being 
a bit slow. Even Mozambique was submitted 1 year before and then we were awarded the work. 
An update is that in Mozambique, we have now registered a branch office in the name of Dhruv 
Consultancy Services Limited. So, we have got a work permit also in Mozambique. 
 
So now since we have a work permit there, it has now become easier to bag local assignments 
there. We -- any territory we try to enter into, especially territories in Africa, where the countries 
are a lot underdeveloped. So, we have actually made a strategy that we will only target funded 
projects like AFDB, ADB, World Bank. So, this Mozambique project is a World Bank project. 
 
We are submitting bids through these multilateral development banks only, EXIM Bank also. 
And as and when the works are awarded, we register a company there and then the local 
assignments follow. So, this is the strategy that we are adopting. Along with Mozambique, we 
are targeting Zambia, Tanzania, Ghana, Nigeria in the African region. In Middle East, there is 
Saudi Arabia and Dubai, UAE. In Southeast Asia, there is Vietnam, Cambodia and South Asia, 
Nepal and Bangladesh. So, these are the territories we are expecting future orders. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vidur Kapoor from PMD. 
Vidur Kapoor: 
I just had -- this is just a quick clarification. The last time there was a presentation, I had asked 
-- there was an update about a certain appeal that was made in the Madras High Court for the 
pardon for the NHAI regarding taking part in the project. So, my question was, is there any news 
on that? Has that -- we were expecting a reversal to take place, has that happened yet? 
Management: 
Yes. On 22nd of April, the hearings are completed. And we also heard that online hearing video 
conferencing. So according to our council also, the hearings went in a positive way inside of 
Dhruv and our joint venture partner, Global. And any time we are expecting either a stay order 
or squash according to our council. Order is expected soon. But let me add something in it. 
 
This is not affecting on our current financials or financials of next 2 years, because we have 
unexecuted order book of INR300 crores, including NHAI, which is untouched because of this 
debarment order. Only limited restriction we got is we are not in a position to bid for NHAI 
assignments, but other than NHAI assignments, we are bidding it, we are getting the works also. 
Vidur Kapoor: 
Yes. Yes. That part we are unaware of. But of course, it doesn't just make a kind of a positive 
sentimental change for an investor once we know that the debarment has been lifted from the 
NHAI. 
Management: 
Yes, Surely. Surely. Debarment out of 10 such cases happened in past, 8 have been given the 
order of stay in favour of the consultants and only 1 or 2 were continued. So, our case is very 
strong according to our council and also, we heard the hearing. The main, you can say, defence 
point from our council was that action was taken on a company, which is 1,000 kilometer away 
from the site and no action has been taken on the contractor who is working on site, officials 
who are working on site and the team leader who is working on site. So Honourable Court was 
very much annoyed with this. So, we are hoping the things in our favour. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Vidur Kapoor: 
And will there be a formal communication made on this once you know the results? 
Management: 
Yes, yes, it will be disclosed on the exchanges immediately. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Aditi Rai from Patel Advisors Private Limited. Aditi, 
ma'am, please go ahead. Ms. Aditi, you are now online. You may proceed with the question. No 
response. We take the next question from the line of Pooja Gupta, an individual investor. 
Pooja Gupta: 
Yes. So could you just provide insight into the company's cash flow generation during FY '25? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So I'll tell the full year review as such. So like the trend has been for the past 22 years, the 
cash flow situation as such, recently when we did the preferential issue, we raised a total of INR 
33.24 crores by diluting around 3 Lakh shares. So out of those INR33 crores, most of it were 
used for working capital, then another 25%, 30% of it is still lying with us for the future bank 
guarantees that is -- for the future bank guarantees that we may require.  
 
We have presently exhausted our bank guarantee limits and enhancement is due. So till then, we 
might have to issue certain bank guarantees for new projects, especially international projects, 
wherein a line of credit might be required for some funded assignments. So those funds are 
reserved. 
 
Apart from that, our present order book is a total of INR300 crores -- unexecuted order book is 
a total of INR300 crores to be executed in the next 2.5 to 3 years. And those bills are coming on 
a monthly basis with a debtor cycle, with a receivable cycle of 60 to 90 days from NHAI and 
MoRTH predominantly, then there is railway projects. There is state government project, 
MSIDC. 
 
There are a few PMGSY assignments, UPEIDA, Ganga Expressway assignments. So now 
company is not only dependent on one client or one sector and because of which there have been 
significant cash flow improvements. And going ahead also with private sector assignments 
coming in having huge profitability margins, I think cash flows would be much more on a 
positive side and stress -- there would be less stress on equity raising or debt funding as the cash 
flows are becoming more and more supportive. 
Pooja Gupta: 
Okay. And my next question is, given the nature of your consultancy contract, how do you 
manage working capital cycle? And has there been any improvement in collection or billing 
efficiency? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So earlier, if you see the last 2 or 3 financial years, the debtor days was close to 160, 180, 
which has come down to a total receivable cycle of 90 to 120. So there have been significant 
improvements there. In addition to that, with margins improvement, there have been -- it has 
helped the cash flows also with the Mozambique project coming in, then the MSIDC and more 
and more state government projects coming in, we can see further cash flow improvements and 
as margins would improve. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
Along with that, we definitely have support from our bankers, HDFC and PNB, where we have 
a total CC limit of over INR 8.5 crores and which is due for enhancement also now. So we are 
expecting further support from the debt side as well.  
Pooja Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. And my next question is with increased order execution, do you foresee any trend 
on operational cash flow in real terms? And how are you planning to maintain liquidity buffers? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So actually, the answer is again linked to my previous answer. We recently also made 2 
purchases. That is one Mobile Bridge Inspection Unit and Falling Weight Deflectometer. So 
with these purchases now, the operational capacity has further strengthened, because not just on 
our NHAI or state government projects, but now they are being used on airport projects also like 
the Navi Mumbai Airport that is now due to open soon. 
 
We are doing the runway testing there with our Falling Weight Deflectometer. Then it is largely 
-- the MBIO and Falling Weight Deflectometer are being used largely in the private sector also, 
giving a lot of operational support there. So with the addition of these machineries, our 
operational capacity has strengthened. We have also added a few high-tech software for highway 
design and bridge design, which has further strengthened and reduced the overall submission 
time line of the review and design, review and design team. 
 
As far as manpower is concerned, there is no -- absolutely, there is no problem there. We have 
enough manpower to sustain for another 80 to 100 projects, and we will not be requiring any 
head office extra support as such. But for project to project, we may appoint contract basis 
employees where our business development team and human resource department is working 
hand-in-hand and doing a great job there. 
Pooja Gupta: 
Okay. So my next question is considering the wide geographic footprint of current projects, are 
there any region-specific risk or potential delay the company is currently navigating? 
Tanvi Auti: 
No. I think right now, even in Africa, the Mozambique project that we were doing, so we faced 
a minor challenge because there was political instability there. But then things keep on changing 
also. There was no operational difficulty as such. Only thing is sometimes if there is any war 
like situation or any -- like in Manipur, there have been riots going on. 
 
So such places, the project is not affected. But yes, our manpower needs to be provided with 
safety measures. They are to be given support in whatever way we can. Otherwise, project 
execution angle, I don't think we have faced any such problem. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Aditi Rai from Patel Advisors Private Limited. 
Aditi Rai: 
My question is what are your key focus areas in FY '26 to sustain the current momentum? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Can you repeat, please? What are the key? 
Aditi Rai: 
What are your key focus areas in FY '26 to sustain the current momentum? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Okay. Okay. So like we have announced in the previous investor calls and time and again, we 
have been saying that as far as our Vision 2030 is concerned, which will again provide you an 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
insight on FY '26. We plan to diversify ourselves in 4 to 5 other sectors. With railways, metros, 
we have already achieved success in the Q4 FY '25. Going ahead, we are targeting urban 
infrastructure projects like town planning, then like the smart city project, then there are airports. 
 
So as far as airports are concerned, the central government has already made an announcement 
of constructing airports in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities with 226 new airports coming up. So there is a 
huge market available in the airport sector as well. And there are hardly 1 or 2 Indian consultants 
working there. So we want to be an early entrant there, and we are hopeful of getting an airport 
project very soon. 
 
Then there is public health engineering, mainly wastewater and sewerage, then there is Inland 
Water Transport projects also where we have enough expertise to execute such projects. So 
going ahead, we would see more and more projects from the other sectors coming in. Of course, 
highway would be the core. It would remain the core as the connectivity that the highways 
provide no other transport sector can provide. But like we have become a leader in the highway 
sector now as far as India is concerned, we want to replicate that in the other sectors as well. 
 
And after -- this is going to be our Vision 2030, wherein at least we become a leader in 2 other 
such sectors. Along with this, we would be increasing our footprint outside India. We have 
already started working in Mozambique. There is a company formation in U.K. So with such 
developments happening, our business development team is actively pursuing a few orders from 
Vietnam, from Saudi Arabia. So even geographical expansion can be expected in this financial 
year. So overall, this year, you would see a combination of geographical expansion as well as 
sectoral expansion. 
Aditi Rai: 
I have one question. Any new service verticals or technologies that you are looking to adopt to 
enhance... 
Tanvi Auti: 
So as far as machinery is concerned, I already said we have recently procured another Falling 
Weight Deflectometer and Mobile Bridge Inspection Unit, which will further enhance our 
operational capacity to execute projects not just in the government sector, but in the private 
sector also. 
 
And as far as softwares are concerned, so since the codes -- the design codes and the standards 
are different with different regions and territories outside India, I think software -- the use of 
software will also be different. The expected quality and the expected deliverables are also 
different. So we are constantly training our employees in order to support them, provide them 
with whatever resources they require and enhance their capabilities so they can take up projects 
in any region coming in the future. 
 
And we have added a few softwares also with respect to highway design and bridge design, 
which has -- and with, I think, artificial intelligence also coming in, I think our design team has 
become -- the timeliness has improved and the review and the design time that were taking, I 
think, months has come down to days now. So the efficiency has improved a lot due to these 
softwares. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Aditi Rai: 
I have one last question. Could you please highlight the key challenges faced during the reported 
quarter that impacted to a compression in the EBITDA margin? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So, I think there is a significant improvement as well. But instead of seeing the only quarter, I 
would like to show a picture that is going to come ahead. Because the company for so many 
years was only working with NHAI, MoRTH, the revenues are definitely good, but the margins 
were significantly lower. 
 
Now that we have already expanded our client base, our geographical base, then we are entering 
into private sector. Our business development has been given targets of increasing the private 
sector order book. We are also in the process of acquiring a few lenders engineering assignments, 
then wayside amenity projects, then a few outsourcing projects, design outsourcing projects from 
developed countries like U.S.A. and Europe. 
 
So with so much development happening, the prime focus would not just be the top line, but the 
bottom line also, which would give a cash flow support and good profitability and EPS in the 
coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Sharma, an individual investor. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
My first question is, given the current order book of INR573 crores plus, how is the domestic 
portfolio segmented across various verticals? 
Tanvi Auti: 
The entire order book, 98% of the order book is domestic itself. Mozambique project is USD3 
lakh only. So going ahead, but -- unexecuted order book is around INR300 crores, INR570 crores 
is the total order book that is there. So out of this INR300 crores unexecuted order book, there 
is a combination of NHAI, MoRTH, MSIDC, UPEIDA, Ganga Expressway, then NHIDCL, 
MMRDA, a few municipal corporations and the World Bank Mozambique project that is there. 
 
So there are railway projects also with the Ministry of Railways, we are working in Rajasthan 
and in Tamil Nadu, and we are expecting a few more orders very soon there. So I think with the 
client base improving, we can see improvements, thereby like we target that 60%, 70% of the 
order book will still come from the domestic market, but 20%, 30%, we are targeting that the 
international order book would increase. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
Okay. And my next question is, what step is Dhruv taking to strengthen its market position and 
capitalize on the new growth avenues in the infrastructure and consultancy sector? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. I think I already mentioned that we are diversifying in airports along with railways and 
metros. Airports being a very -- airports -- the world is actually looking now at airport 
development in India along with the highway development. A lot of emphasis has been given 
on the railway sector also. So going ahead, I think we are -- like we adopted the strategy in 
highway sector, we are adopting a similar strategy in the other sectors also, wherein we begin 
with a small, say, private sector assignment or a state government assignment and then slowly, 
slowly, slowly, we start building our eligibility. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
But it shouldn't take much time because of the emphasis given by the central government on 
development of infrastructure. I think by 2027, our Prime Minister has announced a  USD 5 
trillion economy target to be achieved. So in line with that, we are very confident of becoming 
a leader in 2 to 3 other such sectors apart from highways. 
 
Along with that, the 2047 target of a developed economy of India. So definitely, infrastructure 
and MSMEs would play a significant role in that. So going ahead, the next 4 to 5 years being 
very crucial, the company is confident enough of bagging large number of assignments because 
of the limited supply that is there. 
 
There is very limited competition as far as infrastructure consultant is concerned and the demand 
is more. So the company is strategically positioned in such a way that we can bag any assignment 
that is coming in front of us. 
 
We are also forming strategic partnerships with -- if there are certain territories where we don't 
have our presence or any such cases, then we form JVs, associations with a few players, wherein 
we may have a lower share of the joint venture at first. But as and when we increase our 
eligibility, this share would improve and then we can bid for sole assignments also as far as other 
sectors are concerned. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shreya from Unity Finance. 
Shreya: 
According to the company's expanding geographic footprint, both domestically and 
internationally, what are the key execution risks or logistical challenges you foresee that could 
impact project time lines? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So one very big risk that is there is the political instability in such countries, because where there 
is infrastructure development going on in a large scale, the countries are either developing or 
underdeveloped. So yes, there is a political risk. There is a chance of riots and a lot of like delays 
in award of assignment. 
 
But that is why what we are doing is we are going only through funded projects. So like World 
Bank, EXIM Bank, AfDB, African Development Bank, Asian Development Bank, UNDB. So 
once we get a heat of what the actual scenario is in that particular country, then we take the work 
permit and then we go ahead and bid for the local assignment. 
 
Otherwise, the strategy that we are adopting going through funded assignments and we are 
making strategic alliances with local partners or local consultants there. Now these consultants 
are present there, but they don't have the eligibility to bid for such large assignments. So it 
becomes a win-win then. We give them the technical eligibility, they give us the local support. 
So we have formed such -- around 21 such strategic alliances in different, different countries, 
which is helping us bag assignments in the international market also. 
Shreya: 
Are there any red flags or early indicators of delays in the current order book, especially in 
projects located in remote or newly entered regions? 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Tanvi Auti: 
No. Right now, we are only working in Mozambique and there are no such red flags that we 
identified. In fact, our execution is already completed 100% with 1 or 2 reports pending. So we 
never faced any red flag as such. Once the -- since these are funded assignments, the funds are 
available with the government, and World Bank or AFDB, they make sure that the consultants 
are paid timely, because only if consultants are appointed, the project goes as per the plan. They 
do not just depend on the government. That is the reason they hire consultants so that there are 
no red flags in the project. 
Shreya: 
Okay. How are we ensuring consistent project execution standards across diverse geographics 
and what contingency plans are in place to migrate region-specific disruptions? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So all this is the credit of the employee strength that we have. So pre-COVID, I think or 
before listing also, the company was a family-owned managed business with the directors 
directly getting involved. Now we have a very strong second line of leaders who have immense 
background from the private sector as well as the government sector. 
 
We have a CEO, we have a CTO, we have design heads. We have business development Vice 
Presidents. We have an HR Vice President. So these people are now looking at stronger -- with 
these people coming in, the execution capabilities have enhanced. 
 
And like I said, past 15 or 20 years, the employees have stayed with us who have joined since 
day 1, and the attrition rate of the company is as low as 2% to 3%. So now these people who 
have joined 15 to 20 years back are now going to become the CEO, CTOs of tomorrow. So we 
have a thorough succession planning in place wherein we are not just looking at short term, but 
trying to create a legacy for the future. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rajendra Singh, an individual investor. 
Rajendra Singh: 
Yes. So congratulations on your strong quarter performance. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Thank you so much. 
Rajendra Singh: 
So I have just 2 or 3 questions, if you could just clarify would be great. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. Yes. 
Rajendra Singh: 
The first question is could you please elaborate on the key factors that led to our 24. -- around 
24 percentage on quarter-on-growth and 12 percentage or year-on-year growth in total income? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So there have been 2 such factors, one being increase in the client -- increase in clients that 
is we have enhanced our base not just in the highway sector, but in the railway sector also. So 
with new clients coming in, there has been improvements in the top line as well as the bottom 
line. So 2 major projects. 
 
One is the railway project in -- 3 major projects, railway project in Tamil Nadu, then second 
being an MSIDC 300 kilometres supervision assignment, again, which is a INR23 crores 
assignment, third being the Mozambique project, which is around USD4 lakh, and we have 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
completed its execution, and we are yet to receive the final money from there. But since the 
revenue has already been booked for that, there has been significant growth in Q4 FY '25. 
Rajendra Singh: 
Okay. And secondly, can you please go through our current capital deployment priorities and 
whether they need any funding requirement for upcoming project? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So that is the reason we did our preferential issue because we are expanding ourselves 
geographically as well as sectoral expansion is going on. So we may require not fund-based but 
non-fund-based limit going ahead in the future. As far as fund-based is concerned, we have 
enough support from the bank. And with preferential money also coming in, we have got enough 
support there from the equity side. So, the only support that we would require in the future is 
bank guarantees. So there, we would require support from the bank. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vidur Kapoor from PMD. 
Vidur Kapoor: 
Yes. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. 
Vidur Kapoor: 
Sorry, I just wanted to just restate what you said earlier about the new airports, which have been 
the -- did you say 200-plus airports licenses have been issued by the government for the Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities? 
Tanvi Auti: 
200-plus airports are going to come up in the future. So, a total of 400 airports in India have 
been planned up to 2050. So, yes. So not just in the highway sector now and in the railway sector 
also, I think with bullet trains and whatnot projects, Hyperloop projects also coming in, we can 
see significant number of projects adding up in the portfolio. 
Vidur Kapoor: 
Right. So, this is obviously -- it will spill over many sectors, you could say, like tourism sector? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. Yes. Yes. 
Vidur Kapoor: 
And Dhruv hopefully wishes the plans to be a part of it in consultancy or will that be more than 
that? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So, we not only have experts for the highway sector, we are currently in the process of 
developing a team for the port sector as well, and we are in talks with 1 or 2 strategic partners 
there. We are in the process of hiring 1 or 2 expert manpower mainly for the master planning 
and design of airports. As far as railways and metros are concerned, we have enough manpower 
available with us and we can take up assignments on a sole basis for the railways and metro 
segments. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil 
Ghanshyani for closing comments. Harshil, sir, over to you. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited. If 
you have any queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you 
everyone for joining the conference call. Yes. Thank you. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
