 
 
 
Date: 23 May 2025 
 
To 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited 
Department 
of 
Corporate 
Services 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code : 540902 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
Symbol : AMBER 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript for operational and financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2025 (‘Q4 and FY25’) 
 
This is further to our letter dated 13 May 2025 intimating the details of Earnings Call with Investor/Analyst 
(Participants) to discuss the Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for 
the quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2025, (‘Q4 and FY25’) held on Monday, 19 May 2025 at 9:30 
A.M. IST.  
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the Earnings Call Transcript. The same is also available on the 
Company's website at https://www.ir.ambergroupindia.com/news-events/investor-events/ for your 
information and for information of members / participants and public at large. 
 
This information is submitted to you pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, as amended. Kindly take the 
same into your records and oblige. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully 
For Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
 
(Konica Yaadav) 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Membership No. : A30322 
 
Konica 
Yaadav
Digitally signed by 
Konica Yaadav 
Date: 2025.05.23 
15:53:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Amber Enterprises India Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 19th May 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JASBIR SINGH – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
 
MR. DALJIT SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SUDHIR GOYAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
MR. SANJAY KUMAR ARORA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – IL JIN ELECTRONICS 
 
MR. SACHIN GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
 
MR. RAVI KHARBANDA - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MR. ROHIT SINGH - HEAD OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS  
 
 
 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Amber Enterprises India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jasbir Singh - Executive Chairman, CEO and Whole-
Time Director of Amber Enterprises India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Hello. Good morning. On the call today, I'm joined by Mr. Daljit Singh, our Managing Director; 
Mr. Sudhir Goyal, our Group CFO; Sachin Gupta, CEO of RAC and CAC division Whole-Time 
Director; and Mr. Sanjay Arora, President of Electronics division and Whole-Time Director of 
ILJIN Electronics. 
 
We have uploaded quarterly presentation on the exchanges, and I hope everyone had an 
opportunity to go through the same.  
I'm pleased to report FY '25 has been a phenomenal year both in terms of the performance and 
the progression of the company. 
 
I'm delighted to report our total income crossed INR10,000 crores milestone and achieved ROCE 
of 19.5%, an affirmation of our long-term growth strategy and focused execution.  
Let me talk about progression. First of all, we sincerely applaud the efforts of Ministry of 
Electronics and IT, MeitY, and Government of India for launching electronic component 
scheme, the scheme will be a key catalyst for development of robust component ecosystem, 
attracting new investment and generating employment in the country. 
We plan to file an application under the PCB categories and finalizing our capex plan, which 
will be spent in phased manner over the scheme tenure. 
In parallel, we are also finalizing the land for our new joint venture, Korea Circuits. The 
expansion of Ascent is progressing well in Hosur for bare board PCB. With new facility, the 
manufacturing capacity will more than double. 
The journey of Electronics division, which began for capturing the technological shift in the AC 
industry from fixed speed AC to inverter AC, it is evolving as a unique full-stack EMS company 
with PCB-A vertical catering to diverse customer segments and bare board PCB vertical offering 
wide range of products, including high-end HDI and flex PCBs.  

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Further, considering the robust growth potential in RAC industry, we plan to augment 
component capacity at Sri City within existing plant. 
 
In Railways, the construction is progressing well for Sidwal's greenfield facility for HVAC, 
Pantry, Doors and Gangways, and is expected to commence operations by Q3 FY '26. With 
regards to Yujin machinery JV, the construction is progressing well, and I'm pleased to announce 
addition of brakes to the existing product lineup of Pantograph, Driving Gear and Couplers. 
 
Switching to consolidated performance. FY '25 has been a landmark year with the revenue from 
operations recorded a robust growth of 48%, reaching INR9,973 crores, clocking record 
operating EBITDA of INR796 crores, growth of 53% year-on-year and PAT of INR251 crores 
with outstanding growth of 80% year-on-year. 
As guided 2 years back, we achieved the high-teen ROCE of 19.5% in FY '25, an improvement 
of 690 bps over last year. Our net working capital days for the year stood at 9 days through the 
efficient working capital management. 
 
Let me take you through the divisional performance. The Consumer Durable division, which 
consists of RAC and its Components and CAC plus Non-RAC components. We delivered a 
remarkable growth of 46% year-on-year with revenue of INR7,329 crores driven by underlying 
RAC industry growth, conversion of new customers from gas charging to ODM and strong 
growth in the component business and CAC business. Blended growth of 46% is led by RAC, 
non-RAC vertical with 49% and 31% growth, respectively, and resultant record EBITDA of 
INR562 crores reflecting growth of 59% over last year. The commercial AC vertical has crossed 
INR200 crore mark and expanded its customer base with new additions reinforcing our market 
presence. We are optimistic about the growth outlook for the current year. With our strategic 
focus across the RAC, CAC component and non-RAC component verticals, we are well 
positioned to outpace the industry growth by a minimum margin of 10% to 12%. 
Electronic division. Moving to Electronics division, I'm pleased to report we have clocked a 
stellar growth of 77% with revenue of INR2,194 crores for the year, surpassing guidance of 
55%. The operating EBITDA more than doubled to INR151 crores, recording a growth of 119% 
year-on-year. The division reported remarkable ROCE of 26% for the year. On the margin 
outlook, we have travelled the journey of expanding our EBITDA margins from 2.8% in 2018 
when we started Electronics division, to almost 7% last year. 
 
Looking ahead, we are strategically adding margin-accretive applications such as industrials, 
auto, aerospace and defense, with an aim to reach 10% to 12% margin for this division over the 
next 2 years. 
Coming to Railway division, our third division, which is Railway Subsystem and Defense. The 
division reported a revenue of INR450 crores with a decline of 6%. As guided earlier, that this 
will be a muted year, on the expected lines, owing to the delay in the offtake of the products. 
Backed by the strong order book and product portfolio expansion, we remain optimistic of 
doubling this division's revenue over the next 2 financial years. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Now let me hand over to Sudhir Goyal:, our CFO, for the financial highlights. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Hello, everyone. I'm pleased to report a strong performance of quarter 4 and full year financial 
year '25. Let me first take you through the quarterly consolidated financial highlights and the 
full financial year as well. 
 
So full year, financial year '25. Let me take you through the full year financials '25 financials. 
Revenue for financial year '25 increased to INR9,973 crores compared to INR6,729 crores in 
the previous year, recording a significant growth of 48%. Operating EBITDA increased to 
INR796 crores against INR519 crores with a growth of 53% year-on-year. PAT has increased 
to INR251 crores compared to INR139 crores in previous years, reflecting a noteworthy growth 
of 80% year-on-year. 
On the ROCE, we witnessed a strong performance, achieving a ROCE of 19.5% for the year, an 
improvement of 690 basis points over the previous financial year, reflecting capital efficiency 
and robust business fundamentals. 
 
On the balance sheet front, net debt stood at INR780 crores against INR615 crores underscoring 
our disciplined approach towards capital efficiency. Our net working capital days stood at 9 
days, an improvement of 31% from 13 days through proactive focus on working capital 
management. 
 
Quarter 4 financial year '25, the consolidated revenue for quarter 4 financial year '25 grew by 
34% year-on-year to INR3,754 crores compared to INR2,805 crores in previous year. And 
operating EBITDA increased to INR314 crores during the quarter compared to INR234 crores, 
reflecting a growth of 34%. Please note operating EBITDA is before the impact of ESOP 
expenses and other nonoperating income and expenses. We recorded PAT of INR118 crores 
after the JV loss of INR10.4 crores (wrongly said, kindly read it as INR13 crores), reflecting a 
growth of 20% year-on-year. 
Now let me take you through the divisional performance overview. Firstly, revenue and 
operating EBITDA details of the divisional performance are not comparable with published 
segmental results. 
The Consumer Durable division reported revenue of INR7,329 crores in financial year '25 
compared to INR5,009 crores, reflecting a growth of 46% year-on-year on the back of strong 
RAC and component business. Operating EBITDA for the year increased by 59% year-on-year 
and stood at INR562 crores compared to INR353 crores in financial year '24. 
 
Coming to Electronic division performance. The revenue for the year increased to INR2,194 
crores compared to INR1,241 crores in previous year, reflecting a noteworthy growth of 77% 
year-on-year, surpassing our earlier growth guidance of 55% for financial year '25. Operating 
EBITDA for the year increased by 119% year-on-year and stood at INR151 crores compared to 
INR69 crores in financial year '24. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Let me also share the performance of Ascent as it would be of interest. The Ascent recorded a 
revenue of INR325 crores for financial year '25, growth of 24% against full year financial year 
'24 and maintaining margin profile of 19%. 
Moving to Railway Subsystem and Defense divisional performance. The division reported a 
muted year owing to slower offtake as mentioned earlier. The revenue for the year stood at 
INR450 crores, reflecting a decline of 6% and resultant operating EBITDA of INR83 crores, 
EBITDA margin of 18.6%, impacted due to slower product offtake. To reiterate, we remain 
optimistic of doubling the division's revenue over next 2 financial years. 
On the incentive front, we have received the PLI amount of INR36 crores for financial year '24. 
In the current year, we expect to receive INR49.5 crores under the PLI scheme for the financial 
year '25. With the expansion of Electronics and Railway division, the company is in a 
transformative growth phase to strengthen the margin profile over the next couple of years.  
Thank you. Now I request the operator to please open the floor for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is on the line of Vipraw Srivastava from PhillipCapital. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Yes. Great results sir. Quickly on the margin expansion, which you have guided. So sir, firstly, 
what kind of growth are you envisaging for EMS sector for FY '26? Any color on that? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well,  as explained, we are adding a lot of new applications. And that's the reason why we guided 
that we are very confident that this division will be in above 10% range within next 2 years 
because we are adding industrials applications more now, and automobile is also adding up. It's 
already added, but now the business is growing, which are more margin-accretive businesses 
than the current businesses. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Sure, sir. And sir, anything on the top line growth? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Top line, we can't tell right now. But yes, I think we are very optimistic of -- or at least 30% plus 
growth, 30% to 40% growth range for this division. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Sure, sir. And sir, last question. On the PCB manufacturing side, which you are going for Ascent, 
that will be the first phase to be operational by FY '26, right? It's INR300 crores? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, no. Ascent Circuit is already operational. They have clocked a revenue of more than INR325 
crores this year. Their expansion in Hosur, which was undertaken, that construction is moving 
well. We expect that construction to be over and the commercial production to start by quarter 
4 of current year. In the month of February or March, we will start the production for that new 
unit, which is expansion, where we are putting our money. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
For the INR600 crores unit, that's what you're saying, right? For the full unit, right? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes, that's right. It's a INR650 crore expansion. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, I had one question on the consumer durables vertical. So obviously, we've seen that summers 
have been weak from -- because of rains, etcetera. In FY '24 also, we faced a situation similar to 
that. So do you think that FY '26 considerably will be declining or the RAC business will be 
flattish or something like that? Or do you think that if the non-AC contribution in durable vertical 
will be enough to kind of generate double-digit growth despite the weak summer? That's my 
first question. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Dhruv, if you see, we are an aggregator of the demand. So yes, there are many news this time 
that AC is flattish. But just to tell all of you, we have done pretty well in April. May is also going 
very, very fine for us. And we feel that, yes, double-digit growth is very much possible for 
Amber's RAC business. And plus, we have added a lot of Non-RAC components and CAC 
business, which is doing very well. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Great, sir. Sir, second question that I have was on working capital. So since another year that 
we've seen a very good working capital management, just wanted to ask, is this a new normal? 
Because if you look at before FY '24, working capital days were far higher, right? But last 2 
years, we've seen this. Or do you think this will normalize going forward? Just your thoughts 
there. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Dhruv, you're right, we used to be in the range of 35, 40 days, which is now less than 10. 
So we feel that this is maintainable. But yes, on a quarterly basis, this may not be maintainable 
because of season and off-season basis. But at the year-end kind of a thing, we think that, yes, it 
should be in the range of 10 to 15 days on a consol level. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Got it, sir. And just one question on the JVs, right? So obviously, we've seen losses in the JVs 
kind of go up... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for the follow-up 
questions. The next question is from the line of Ankur from HDFC Life. 
Ankur: 
I had two questions again on the room AC business. One was -- and you also did allude to this 
whole erratic rains that have happened both in the South, now also in the West, especially in the 
peak summer season. Would you want to take -- give us some guidance on how do you see 
industry volumes kind of playing out for FY '26? 
 
And more importantly, how do you see the inventory situation at this point in time, given what 
we understand is in Q4, there was a lot of inventory which was pushed into the system, given 
issues on compressors, etcetera. So one on the inventory situation currently and b, on how do 
you see the overall industry growth for FY '26? That's one. 
 
And second, we also have this new BEE rating, which I believe changed starting Jan '26. So 
impact on industry, would you expect -- typically, we see a prebuy, right, a quarter before that. 
So would that be something you would also expect this time? 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Jasbir Singh: 
Ankur, in last 25 years, I have seen many such good seasons and bad seasons. So I would request 
all of you that in case you want to recommend anybody putting in money in air conditioner 
sector, you should not focus on the quarterly basis because this is an industry, which is seasonal 
in nature. But let me give you numbers. 25 years back, 0.5 million air conditioners used to sell 
in the country, and we have already crossed 14 million mark. 
 
There are some reports which are referring to 14 million. There are some reports which are 
referring to 15 million also. What we expect that this industry should be in the range of 30 
million to 35 million in the next 5 years' time, which is a good CAGR. So yes, currently, you're 
right, on the southern side and on the Western side also, there's a lot of rains which are going 
on. So there are many brands which are struggling to grow. 
 
And -- but as I explained that we are an aggregator of demand. For us, April has been very good 
for us. Even May is going pretty fine. On the inventory levels, it is varying from brands to brands. 
There are shortages in some brands till today also. And there is surplus inventory with some 
brands. So as a B2B company for us, what we see from the -- if I hear from the customers, there 
are some customers who are slowing down, but there are some customers who still continue to 
be very optimistic and they are growing on their demand. 
 
I believe whenever this kind of season comes, industry normally get into a very pessimistic mode 
and start planning with a very pessimistic approach. And plus coupled with the Bureau of Energy 
rating in the month of January, so we expect little offtake in the quarter 3, which generally is not 
the case in line to the inventory buildup so -- but that's the standard patterns of the industry. So 
there's nothing unique, which is going to happen. 
 
Whenever there is a positive season, you will see industry getting into optimism mode. And 
whenever there is a negative season, everybody gets into pessimistic mode. So it's a 
compounding of optimism and pessimism, I would say. But on the longer run, nothing changes 
for this sector. We are very optimistic for the complete sector. 
 
And plus, as Amber, since we have diversified our portfolio now, our finished goods 
contribution today in the whole scheme of consol balance sheet is just 40% -- 42%, which used 
to be 76% when we got listed. So for us, things are very different today because of other divisions 
doing well and even our CAC business and the non-RAC components doing well, which are not 
very seasonal in nature. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital Management. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
My question was also on the RAC side. So a listed peer of yours reported results, and they had 
about 100% growth in Q4. But what I mentioned on a couple of themes in the industry, I thought 
I wanted to check with you. They mentioned the increased growth is because the outsourcing 
propensity has started going up again, number one. 
 
And number two, that the e-commerce and modern trade channel white label brands are actively 
gaining market share and hence, they are catering to them as well. So are these couple of trends 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
that you are also seeing in the market and hence, that would explain the delta in the growth 
numbers? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So see, the strategy of in-sourcing, outsourcing continues to shift. But yes, all the plants which 
were supposed to become, they have already been executed by the brands. And since last year, 
it was a very good season. So definitely, yes, outsourcing concept, the propensity is towards now 
outsourcing more, which was towards in-sourcing for last 2 to 3 years, that's very right. 
 
And on the brands which are like Croma, Flipkart and other kind of brands, yes, they are also 
gaining traction. So that does make the outsourcing business model lucrative right now as 
compared to what it used to be 2 to 3 years back. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it, sir. And I just wanted to understand because your commentary on your RAC segment 
was quite inspiring given the channel check calls I have been attending. So if you can throw 
some more color, is it because you are less indexed in the South, which is probably more 
impacted than other parts of the country? Is it because your customers are doing relatively better 
than the wider industry? Like what could explain the difference in tone of the contract 
manufacturers versus, let's say, distributors, etcetera? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No Pranay, I think probably the customers which we are catering to, their demand is growing. 
So -- I mean, yes, South is down for everybody, definitely because of the rains and all, but North 
has already picked up. The Western part -- some of the Western parts and the central part of 
India has picked up. There are some rains going on. But yes, overall, the customers which we 
are catering are moving positive as of now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies India. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
This is Sonali and congratulations on a great set of ROCEs. The expansion has indeed been quite 
notable year-on-year. Sir, my first question is a bit strategic related to the ECMS component 
manufacturing scheme. I know you alluded to the fact that you will be participating in the PCB. 
But apart from that, is there any other segment which you would like to even evaluate? And in 
conjunction of that, ex of ECMS, what is the FY '26 capex? And with the ECMS, what would 
you expect that to be? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, thank you, Sonali. I think on the ECMS, our capex, what we are planning without ECMS, 
our capex will be somewhere about INR500 crores, which will be for our Railway division and 
our RAC division, Consumer Durable division. In ECMS, we will be putting in an application 
of about INR3,000 crores, which is to be spent over a period of scheme in 5 years. 
 
And I think this year, the capex will be somewhere about -- close to about INR800 crores to 
INR900 crores, which is ongoing Ascent Circuit capex because last year, only the land came in 
and now the building and machinery are going to be added up, plus the new joint venture, Korea 
Circuits land and some part of the building will come in this year. What was the second question? 
Sonali, you asked one more question. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Yes. So this was actually just to clarify, ex of ECMS right now, status quo INR500 crores, right? 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Jasbir Singh: 
That's right. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Correct. Sir, my second question is regarding Sidwal. Now we understand that the order book 
has grown to about 20 billion plus, which is actually a very encouraging number. So we 
understand FY '25 was a bit weak across the railway stocks, not just with us, but across multiple 
other sectors. But what gives us the confidence of doubling the revenue over the next 2 years? 
Is it just the order book or the visibility into any other new categories that we are going into? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Sonali, yes, I mean, one is the slowdown, which was there for Vande Bharat and Metro that is 
picking up the pace. So that is the first part. Second is our expansion into various product 
categories like Couplers, Pantograph, Brakes, Gears and also Doors and Gangways. Just to 
inform you all, we have already executed 26 new trains with the gangways. 
 
So that product has started going up, and we have received more than about INR500 crores of 
orders for the doors as well. And we have just recently last week received our first order for the 
couplers as well. So all these addition of our bill of material in the rolling stock is gaining 
traction. And that's why we are confident of reaching to a double number of this division in the 
next 2 years. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understood. Sir sorry, and in ECMS question, just one follow through. Is there any other 
segment which you would like to evaluate apart from the PCB board? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, we will be very focused in the PCB. So in PCB, there are 2 categories. Ascent Circuit is into 
multilayer and double layer categories. And on the Korea Circuits side, we will be filing 
application for the high-density interface and substrates category. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sir, my first question is on the electronics business, wherein we saw very strong growth in fourth 
quarter. Clearly, there's a lot of momentum that the segment is picking up. Just wanted to 
understand, are there any new segments that we have commercialized within the EMS space? 
Any new large customers that you can speak about? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, I'll not give a color on the customers because of the NDA signed. But yes, on the 
application side, I'll give you a brief. When we started in 2018, we had just started for consumer 
durable, particularly ranging in air conditioners and refrigerators. But today, we cater to 
hearable, wearable segment. We cater to smart meters segment. We cater to automobile sector, 
defense applications and telecom. These are the sectors which we are already catering to. What 
we are going to add in the next 2 years is industrials and aerospace and defense. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
And this pickup in growth that we get to see in fourth quarter, sir, is it on account of any like 
automobiles maybe us becoming larger or on wearables and hearables getting much larger orders 
than what we used to. If you could just kind of give some indication around that? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Aditya, we are gaining traction in almost every vertical basically. And I think we are very 
optimistic for this division. And normally, what happens is there are entry barriers of 2 to 3 years 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
or maybe sometime in 4 years also depending on customers. And in the year 1 or 2, we get less 
share of business. But as we move older, we gain traction and we can gain more share of business 
also. So that's how the trajectory has been till now. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood, sir. And my last question is on the capex that you spoke about for the electronics 
business, almost at INR3,000 crores over 5 years. Is that roughly how we are going to file the 
application? Is bulk of that on the bare PCB side? And how exactly is this capex likely to be 
split across different entities within the electronics business? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, it will be spread in 3 categories: PCB-A, PCB Ascent Circuit, which we are already doing 
and Korea Circuit, our new JV. So it will be in 3 categories. But the application which will go 
in the new scheme will be only for the PCBs because PCBAs are not allowed in that scheme. So 
large capex is going -- INR3,000 crore capex will come in that category, which is going to be 
spread over 5 years. 
 
But we should clearly note that in one scheme, the 48% is going to be returned by -- through -- 
over a period of 5 years by government. And above than that, the state government's incentives 
of close to about 35% are going to kick in. So net capex for us, out of that INR3,000 crores, 
which we will invest in after 5 years, the net capex, which will come in the balance sheet will 
be just 25% to 30% of the whole INR3,000 crores. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood, sir. And this will be... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir but I may request to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions. The 
next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, my first question is on the Electronics division. If you can give a little light on what are we 
currently doing? And where are we moving towards? And what kind of a market we can look at 
in that perspective? Also in your Railway division, sir, you said about 2x of your doubling the 
revenue, but a little on the more longer time horizon, again, what sort of TAM are we looking? 
And what are the projects we are currently working on and what would qualify to go more into 
this? That is all, sir. 
Jasbir Singh: 
On Railway division, earlier, we were just catering to INR25 lakh in one passenger car. So 
normally, Vande Bharat Express has got 16 passenger cars, and one passenger car is costing 
about INR6 crores to INR6.25 crores. Out of that, we were catering only air conditioner part. 
But now we can cater to INR1.5 crores of what goes into it, as we added into Pantries, plus 
Doors and Gangways, Couplers, Brakes and Gears. So our TAM has expanded by 5x, while 
being in the same segment for metro and railway. That is one part. 
 
And on the Electronics side, PCB -- coming on what we do in the Electronics side, we do 2 parts 
in the electronics side. First is we give PCB assemblies for various sectors, such as consumer 
durables, comprising of air conditioners, inverter PCB boards, refrigerator electronic boards, 
washing machine boards, microwave boards, water purifiers and also some small appliances. 
That is our consumer durable catering. Then we do smart watches, Bluetooth speakers as a 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
hearable and wearable segment. We do smart meters. Then we do automobile telematics and 
other categories of products for 2-wheeler and 4-wheelers and large commercial vehicles also. 
 
And we do some optoelectronics for the defense applications also. And telecom also, we are 
doing 4G, 5G equipments. So this is our PCBA application side. And we are a backward 
integrated company with the PCB also in-house. We do single layer, multilayer, double layer 
and radio frequency PCB up to 48 layers currently. But what we are adding now apart from this 
capacity is the HDI and semiconductor substrates, which is required in mobile phones and 
laptops and ITs and servers, etcetera. So this is going to be added in the next 2 years. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, just on the follow-up, what sort of revenue or market that we can look at from this new 
segment? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, it's a very big TAM, just to explain about PCB itself. Last year, India almost consumed 
$115 billion of electronics, out of which $4 billion of PCBs, almost about INR32,000 crores of 
PCBs got consumed in India and only 9% of that got manufactured in India. And looking into 
these data points, Government of India has already supported the sector by antidumping duty up 
to 6 layers, which has gained a lot of momentum for bringing up capacities in the country. 
 
And now what we see in the next 5 years, the industry electronics consumption in India will go 
to almost about $300 billion to $400 billion. And as a thumb rule, 3.5% to 4% is the PCB 
consumption. So there is a TAM of about $10 billion of consumption, even if we assume that 
50% will still be imported at that time, still, there is current level of INR3,000 crores worth of 
PCB getting manufactured, going to almost about $5 billion. So that's the opportunity size. And 
we expect to at least have 10% of this opportunity size moving forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirransh Jain from BNP Paribas. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sir, my first question is just some clarity on the capex number. So you have highlighted 
INR3,000 crores under this ECMS scheme to be spent over 5 years. So this would be for both 
the Korea Circuit JV as well as for the Ascent Circuit, right? So is there any breakup on how 
much are we planning to expand the Ascent Circuit over and above the INR650 crore capex that 
you have already -- which is already undergoing? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So currently, we have announced INR650 crores capex, which is ongoing. Maybe we add -- 
looking into the demand scenario, we may add moving forward after 2 to 3 years' time, another 
INR500 crores in this. And rest is the Korea Circuit JV. 
 
And just to inform you all, we should note one more point, which is I would like to highlight 
that we have been able to successfully sign offtake agreement with Korea Circuits, where first 2 
years of the production capacity will be offtaken to Korea Circuits by Korea Circuits team to 
their existing customers from India. So as we start the process, we don't have any issues on the 
customer side. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Great, sir. Sir, moving to the second question, I just actually want to get a bit more detail on the 
commentary regarding the like next year expectation for output pacing the RAC industry growth 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
by 10% to 12%. So generally, the question stems from the fact that considering that it's at least 
a weaker summer than what we had anticipated at the start of the year, even if it is delayed, but 
there is still a higher inventory at the dealer and brand level. And now over the years, at least 
more and more capacities have also been set up at the brand level. 
 
So what gives us the confidence that we'll gain market share in terms of especially if there is -- 
like the growth is low, then obviously, the brands would be looking more for in-house sourcing 
for their new capacity setup. So how are we looking to outpace the growth? Can you just share 
a bit more color on this? 
Jasbir Singh: 
See, if I see the results of all the listed players, I have seen documents around growth phase of 
25% to 30%, whereas Amber has grown by more than 48%. So that's a testimony of our 
aggregation of the demand kind of scenario. We believe -- because we've added new customers 
last year, that is one part. 
 
Second is we've added some customers on the components of RAC as well. And we are growing 
in the CAC part also. So these all 3 factors are leading us to comment that we will outpace the 
industry by at least 10%. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Great, sir. Sir, and lastly, just CAC already did INR200 crores for us. And like what is the 
expectation for this business? Like how much can we expanded from here onwards? 
Jasbir Singh: 
It's growing pretty well. We started this division 2 years back, and it has crossed INR200 crores 
this year. We expect this division to grow at least by 20%, 25% to 30% range this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. Congratulations for the number. Congratulations for good numbers. Sir, just wanted to 
check on the JV losses. If you could give some sense in terms of what has driven this increased 
losses? And how do we see it over the next couple of years? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, these businesses take time for ramping up. This is a new business for us, both of them. 
And I think we are very confident that as we move ahead, we'll be able to take care of these 
losses. And the larger objective of getting into joint venture along with the Titagarh was 
particularly for gearing up for our new component sectors, which are the new categories, which 
we have added because these are very high entry barrier businesses. 
 
So if you want to supply products like doors and gangways or brakes or couplers, these are safety 
Level 2 and safety Level 4 products where the entry barriers are as good as 7 to 8 years. So our 
main objective of this JV was to get into that and which we have already received. And we are 
very happy that on signing itself, we were able to receive a substantial business from Titagarh 
India as well as abroad. Yes, outside JV is struggling at the moment, but we feel we should be 
able to come out of that very soon. 
Achal Lohade: 
Any number you want to throw sir for FY '26? Like we had INR30 crores of loss for FY '25. 
Could we see a breakeven or we'll see substantial reduction and breakeven in FY '27? 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Jasbir Singh: 
I think it a little -- it should come down by another INR10 crores or so. So INR20 crores to 
INR25 crores should be the range moving forward. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And just to clarify, you mentioned that for the RAC, whatever is the industry growth will 
outpace the industry growth by 10 to 12 percentage points. Have I understood right, sir? 
Jasbir Singh: 
That's right, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Sir, just two questions. In terms of the proposed PLI component scheme where you'll be 
participating for about INR3,000 crores of outlay, what is the expected return on capital on that 
investments or on that project? How should we look at it? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, if you see out of INR3,000 crores, almost 60% to 65% will be funded back in the scheme 
by central and the state government together. So we'll be in the net capex side, we will be 
investing about 30% of that. So 30% to 35%. If I see on the net capex side, the ROCE level for 
this industry is more than 25 -- in the range of 25% to 30%. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay, sir. So for that INR3,000 crores, which we'll be investing, is it fair to assume that you'll 
have an asset turn of maybe like 1x, 1.5x? How should we look at it? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Generally, like-to-like, these are asset-heavy businesses. So single layer and double layer, they 
are at asset turn of 1, 1.15 and HDIs are at asset turn of 0.85 to 0.9. But if you see on the net 
capex invested, the asset turns will be more than 2. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Yes, that is true. And with margin profile of almost like 10% to 12%? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, it is -- these are the businesses in the range of 18% to 20%. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Got that. And sir, the other question is in terms of the EMS division, you have called out that 
the margin trajectory can be double digit given the change in product mix. So will that be a 
gradual improvement from here on? Because this quarter, we have seen some softening of 
margins despite a very strong top line growth? Or is it going to be more like back-ended just 
from your thoughts? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Till now, if you see in our INR2,200 crores of the Electronics division, almost 55% is still 
coming from the consumable sector. So these are the sectors with the low EBITDA margins. 
Hearable, wearable, consumer durables, these are low EBITDA margins. What we are adding is 
automobile, industrial, energy sector and the defense sector. That is what we are adding. And 
that is why we are very confident that the trajectory will go beyond 10%. 
 
And I would like to also highlight that this division of ours is at 26% ROCE currently and which 
is a very healthy level. I was expecting -- personally, I was expecting that we'll cross 7.5% to 
8% in this division, but it has come down to 6.9% because more of consumer durable 
applications were sold. But as I hear from the team, moving forward in the next 4 quarters and 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
next 8 quarters, they are adding a lot of customers from industrial side, and that is why we are 
confident of bringing up to 10% plus EBITDA margins of this division. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jalaj from Svan Investments. 
Jalaj: 
Sir, first of all, congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, I had two, three questions. The first one 
was, could you give us some idea as to what sort of capex are we planning to put in the Korea 
JV? And what sort of time line should we understand for the plan to get online and the revenue 
start to flow to our P&L? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So in Korea circuit JV, we will be putting in an application of close to about INR2,500 crores, 
which is to be spent on a period of 5 years. And time line is that as per government, government 
has given 90 days' time to file an application. After that, I am assuming that another 60 days or 
so for approvals, and that's when the approvals will be granted. So post September, the work 
will start. So I am hopeful that by next financial year, quarter 4, it should be up and running. 
Jalaj: 
Understood. Understood. And sir, this -- the second question was with regards to Sidwal. So we 
have been talking about the longer gestation period, along with a lot of time period to develop 
the product. But how is the exports division or the exports portion shaping up there? And when 
should we expect something tangible coming into the P&L or otherwise? 
Jasbir Singh: 
We have started participating in RFQs for the export tenders at the moment. We have received 
our first developmental order from New York. And we expect that after -- so the process is pretty 
long. You have to supply the products in the next 24 months. After that, they will watch and 
monitor the performance for next 18 months. After that, you are approved for supplies. So it is 
a process, I think, another 3 years' time from now on. 
 
But the process has started. Teams have been formed and we have started working. And also, I 
would like to highlight that through Indian rolling stock companies, who are participating in the 
foreign tenders, through them also, it will be a deemed export for us. That has also started. 
Jalaj : 
Understood. Understood. And one last question... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions. 
The next question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA.  
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Congratulations on a robust guidance. I have one question on the guidance on the Railway side. 
As you mentioned, doubling in the next 2 years, would it be more back ended? Would we see 
more growth in FY '27 and '28 or '26, you expect to be strong as well as per the order book that 
you have today? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So FY '26 will be a slight growth over the period of last year because now the projects have 
started taking off. And just to tell you that the 200 Vande Bharat Express, which were to be 
rolled out 2 sets, both TMH and Titagarh they were supposed to be last year, which got delayed 
by an year. So that is happening this year, but the large numbers will start going from next year. 
So you will see a big traction next year onwards. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. And secondly, on the washing machine Resojet part, when do we see revenue accrual for 
us? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So we have already supplied 28,000 washing machines this year. So revenue has started getting 
accrued, but we are having some losses there. I think the team is already working. And maybe 
this year, we plan that the number should be at least at a breakeven point. 
Moderator: 
The question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Sir, one question on the Electronics side. So considering -- so what is the capacity available in 
Ascent? And in backdrop, what would be the growth driver for FY '26 for the overall Electronics 
division, both in terms of, sir, revenue profitability as well as working capital? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, currently, Ascent is moving at almost 90% of capacity, and that's why we are putting up 
another 30,000 square meter plant. And Korea Circuits will be -- the first phase will be 10,000 
square meter of HDI to begin with, and then we'll keep on adding as we move ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Sir, just one follow-up. So I mean, what will drive this 30%, 40% growth in FY '26? It could be 
our core EMS business, since Ascent is fully utilized. And just want to understand on the 
working capital side or the Ascent’s revenue potential of INR650 crores. So INR650 crores 
would fetch us INR600 crores, INR650 crores kind of revenue? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No. On the EMS side, since we are adding some applications, that's bringing up the growth. And 
for the Ascent Circuit, we see some numbers adding up in the last month of this financial year, 
where the plant will start adding up. But the large number will come from next year in the Ascent 
Circuits numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. 
Madhav: 
I just wanted to understand a bit on the Korea Circuit, the economics. So we're investing 
INR2,500 crores over 5 years. Could you give us some sense in terms of what could be the peak 
revenue potential of this project? You did mention the customer mix, but if you could give us 
some sense on the product mix as well, how the scale-up happens? 
 
Because it's a very large project -- probably the largest single location capex for Amber in my 
understanding. So if you could give us some more sense around the ramp-up time line, etcetera, 
that would be great. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Madhav, yes, it will be like INR2,500 crores over a period of 5 years. So like the first part of 
that will be about INR1,000 crores or so. Generally, the asset turns in this sector are 0.85 to 0.9 
and that's where we are going to grow. But if you see in a horizon of 2 to 3 years' time, because 
we have an offtake agreement, we feel that it can add about INR1,500 crores revenue over a 
period of -- after we start the production over a period of next 2 years. 
Madhav: 
So when does the plant commission -- the INR1,000 crore Phase 1 capex, when does that 
commission? 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Jasbir Singh: 
So this will commission next financial year, quarter 4 because we expect the approvals to come 
by September, and that's where the construction and everything will start. So it takes about 14 
to 15 months for the plant to get commissioned. 
Madhav: 
Okay. So quarter 4 of FY '27, so let's say, FY '28 is when we start seeing some... 
Jasbir Singh: 
That's right. FY '28, you will see the PCB itself giving a revenue generation of more than 
INR2,500 crores at 18% to 20% of EBITDA. 
Madhav: 
Yes. So that's -- so margins for this Korea JV is about 18% to 20% EBITDA margin? 
Jasbir Singh: 
That's right. That's what generally the sector operates at. And they serve very high marquee 
customers like Micron and Samsung in the HDI category, and that's where we are already in 
touch with those customers at the moment. 
Madhav: 
And of this INR1,000 crores, we expect about 75% in capex subsidy, is it? Or this is adjusted 
for the subsidy? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, it will be 48% to be reimbursed by MeitY through the scheme by Central Government and 
over and above to that, but this 48% is only on plant and machinery. Land and building is not 
included in this. Whereas the state governments give you a subsidy of about 35% on entire capex. 
So on a blended basis, if we see, it will be about 65% refund. 
Madhav: 
Okay. So sir, effectively, INR1,000 crores capex for us implies INR350 crores of adjusted for 
the subsidy from the government that we'll have to invest, including with the Korea Circuit 
partner? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes, yes. That's right. 
Madhav: 
And on the INR350 crores, you're saying we can do a revenue of about INR900 crores, which is 
at 0.9x fixed asset turnover? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. I mean almost near to that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pulkit from Goldman Sachs. 
Pulkit: 
And my question is in continuation with what Madhav asked. So one is the capex that you'll do. 
But is there any other sort of revenue threshold, etcetera, that you'll need to meet in order to get 
this incentive? Secondly, can we just discuss some rough time lines? For example, you do this 
capex now. What are the milestones the government would want to see before this subsidy comes 
to us? And thirdly, if there is a time gap between now and then, how are you going to be funding 
that particular piece? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Pulkit, on the time line basically and the turnover, so it's a hybrid scheme for capex and TLI, 
turnover-linked incentive, scheme. So out of 48%, 25% will be reimbursed after the plant is 
commissioned and 23% will come in next 5 years after achieving the turnover-linked incentive 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
and employee-linked incentives also. So there is employment generation also which we need to 
do. 
 
So once we meet those criteria, every year, we'll get -- we'll be -- it will be spread in -- 23% will 
be spread in 5 years. So that is how the time line on the subsidies are coming. Coming to the 
funding part, as an Electronics division, we are already in touch for raising the funds for this 
kind of -- meeting the objective because we are going to get back. So we are already in touch 
with various institutions for that. 
Pulkit: 
Sure, sir. So it will be more like a working capital funding till the time you get the money back? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Capex funding, rather than working capital funding, yes. 
Pulkit: 
Understood. Understood. And sir, the same would be true for states also or state has a different 
mechanism of incentive reimbursement? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Some states like -- we are already negotiating with two states at the moment. And that also has 
some hybrid part of it. Some portion is given back in first year, then remaining is spread in 5 
years' time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. We move on to the next 
participant. It's Manikantha from Franklin Templeton. 
Manikantha: 
Just two questions from my side on the Electronics division again. I know that we have not 
mentioned this in the presentation, but wanted to check if we can give any order book for 
Electronics division, ballpark number by end of '25 and how this would have grown maybe Y-
o-Y in this year? That's the first question. 
 
And second question is, are we incrementally seeing any export opportunities in the Electronics 
division, given maybe the other B2B company out there is focusing a lot on this export 
opportunities? Those are my two questions. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Because of this tariff being spoken so much, there are many customers who started talking 
to us for exports. And we are talking, but let us see. I mean, I think we are not giving really great 
mileage to that. Maybe 2 years down the line, yes, we may see some big exports coming. 
Largely, we are focusing on domestic industry at the moment. 
 
If I talk about the order book, so generally, the contracts are long term in nature. So we've already 
done INR2,193 crores. If I speak about 2 years order book, we are already sitting at close to 
about INR5,000 crores of order book kind of a thing at the moment from various customers, 
with various applications. 
Manikantha: 
Just to clarify that INR5,000 crores is executable over 2 years is what you're saying? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. That's right. I mean, it keeps on adding up. You keep on delivering and keep on adding up. 
So it's a perpetuity kind of orders. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Manikantha: 
And how this would have grown Y-o-Y basis, this INR5,000 crores? 
Jasbir Singh: 
It's grown pretty well because last year, we have done 77% growth in this division. So it's grown 
very well and pretty -- and growing very fast, as we are adding applications. So we will see a 
compounding results after 3 years in this division. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jasbir Singh: for closing comments. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining on the call. I hope we have been able to address all your queries. 
For any further information, kindly get in touch with our Head of IR, Ravi Kharbanda or Rohit 
Singh, from IR team, or Strategic Growth Advisors. Thank you very much. Have a good day 
ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Amber Enterprises India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
