May 22, 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540735 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: IRIS 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: 
Disclosure of Material Event / Information under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings call with the Investors / Analysts. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, we hereby submit 
the transcript of the earnings call held on May 15, 2025, at 05:30 p.m. and the same is available on the Company’s website.  
This is for your information and records please. 
Yours faithfully,  
For IRIS Business Services Limited 
Santoshkumar Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ICSI Membership No. ACS 35139) 
SANTOSHKUMA
R JAISHANKER 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SANTOSHKUMAR 
JAISHANKER SHARMA 
Date: 2025.05.22 
17:26:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“IRIS Business Services Limited 
Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. BALACHANDRAN – CO-FOUNDER, WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 
MS. DEEPTA RANGARAJAN – CO-FOUNDER AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 
MR. P. K. X. THOMAS – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER  
 
MR. VINEET KANDOI – HEAD, FINANCE & ACCOUNTS 
 
MR.  GAUTAM MAHANTI - BUSINESS HEAD IRIS GST  
 
MS. ANURADHA RK – BUSINESS HEAD - IRIS CARBON 
 
MR. SERVO SAWHNEY – SENIOR VP, SALES, 
MARKETING & GROWTH – IRIS  CARBON  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SIDDESH CHAWAN – ERNST & YOUNG LLP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to IRIS Business Services Limited Q4 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddesh Chawan from Ernst & Young LLP. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Good evening to all of you. Welcome to Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call of IRIS Business Services 
Limited. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you, and you can also view it 
on the company's website. In case anyone does not have the copy of the press release or 
presentation or you are not marked in the mail, please do write to us, and we will be happy to 
send you the same. 
 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of IRIS Business Services Limited, represented by Mr. K. Balachandran, Co-Founder, Whole-
Time Director and CFO; Ms. Deepta Rangarajan, Co-Founder and Whole-Time Director and 
Mr. P. K. X. Thomas, Whole-Time Director and CTO. We will start the call with a brief 
overview of the quarter and year gone past, and then it will be followed by the Q&A session.  
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to remind you that the discussion may contain 
forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause future results, 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what we expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. K. Balachandran. Over to you, sir. 
K. Balachandran: 
Thanks, Siddesh. Good evening and welcome to the earnings call of IRIS. We are grateful for 
the time you are spending with us. From IRIS, we have, as Siddesh mentioned, we have Deepta, 
Thomas and I attending the call apart from all our senior business leaders. We have uploaded 
the investor presentation on the exchange & website and some of you would have seen this, I'm 
pretty sure. And we also have sent the press release to the shareholders. 
 
Now let me just step back and set a bit of background before we go into details. As all of you 
are aware, over the years since its IPO in 2017, IRIS has steadily built its business across its 
verticals. We have added marquee clients, expanded our offerings and gone deeper into existing 
accounts. In fact, over the past three years, we have seen growth accelerating compared to the 
first four years since the IPO. On an average, you can see that our top line has grown at about 
27%, 28% in the past three years compared with about 18% growth in the previous four years. 
Obviously, all of you know that the SupTech segment have given a big boost to our revenues in 
the recent past. While in the RegTech segment, we have made a significant move, which we 
have talked about in the previous calls as well, by expanding our offerings deeply into the 
reporting supply chain of enterprises for both financial and now non-financial reporting as well. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
In fact, in the previous financial year that just closed, we have started seeing vindication of our 
pivot into this area. This is a business where we are gearing up to scale substantially going 
forward. There's a lot of action on the sales, marketing and product front as we prepare to move 
on to the next level. We are confident of making solid progress over the next few years to capture 
market share in this market, which is at an early stage of growth. At the same time, I want to 
state that we will spend money in a measured and well-thought-out calibrated manner. From our 
point of view, this is not a sprint, but it's not a marathon either. I think it is somewhere in 
between. We are definitely ramping up. We are ramping up in a deliberate, well-thought-of 
manner. 
 
Now let me come back to the current year where we are going to talk about our results and, of 
course, answer your questions. In the current year, of course, we have done quite well on the 
key business and financial parameters. And as we have mentioned in the past, we recommend 
our businesses is best examined or analyzed it from an annual basis rather than looking at 
quarterly movements because that's the nature of the business. Of course, we can talk about 
quarterly numbers, but to understand the business trajectory, it is always recommended that we 
look at from an annual basis. 
 
Now to delve into some of the financial details, I'll request Vineet Kandoi to come in. Vineet 
handles our finance and accounts along with me, and he has been with us for so many years, 
right from the IPO days, we have been working together, and he works closely with me and 
Deepta as well. So over to you, Vineet. 
Vineet Kandoi: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you, Balu. I will now quickly run through some of the 
highlights of our financial performance.  
I am pleased to report that FY '25 has been a year of good financial performance, which positions 
us well for sustained growth in the years ahead. For the full year, our total income grew by 25% 
YoY to INR128.51 crores. EBITDA increased by 36% YoY to INR21.54 crores. PAT rose by 
51% YoY to INR13.25 crores. This growth was driven by continued expansion of our recurring 
revenue stream, strong traction in the international markets and careful cost management despite 
increased investment in technology and talent. 
 
In terms of quarterly performance, revenue came in at INR35.4 crores, a 6% increase over Q3 
and 16% YoY growth. EBITDA was INR5.85 crores, improving 3% QoQ, maintaining a healthy 
margin profile. PAT stood at INR2.8 crores, lower sequentially, reflecting higher operating 
expenses. While QoQ growth was more moderate, it follows a high base from Q3 and reflects 
investments in product development and team expansion, both of which are crucial for our long-
term trajectory. 
 
In terms of segment performance, SupTech led the growth with a 34% year-on-year increase, 
driven by new wins and ongoing implementations across regulators. TaxTech grew by 20%, 
aided by traction in the Indian tax compliance ecosystem and early work on the Malaysian            
e-invoicing mandate. RegTech posted a 12% growth with new customers onboarded in Europe 
and U.S. under IRIS Carbon. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
In terms of geographic mix, Africa contributed 35% of the top line for full year, led by our work 
with the South African Reserve Bank under SupTech segment. The U.S. and Europe remains 
strong market for our RegTech products with decent ARR growth. Our Indian business remains 
stable, primarily under the TaxTech platform. 
 
In summary, FY '25 was a year of steady top line growth, strong EBITDA performance and 
focused investment that align with our long-term strategy. We also ended the year with a healthy 
cash position backed by a decent cash flow from operations. 
 
That was a quick overview of the overall results. And now I hand it over to Balu so that we can 
probably start the Q&A session. 
K. Balachandran: 
Thanks, Vineet. So that is a quick rundown of what we have done in the last quarter and last one 
year. We can get people to ask questions. . 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please go ahead.  
Rahil Dasani: 
I'm new to the business, so I had some basic questions starting with the RegTech segment. So, 
we have been speaking about a lot of mandates, for example, FERC, ESG, Europe ESEF, U.K. 
ESEF, Australian ARP. So how many of these are done with or fully implemented? And how 
much is left, how much opportunity is left in the rest? And what are the time lines if you can 
provide individually? 
K. Balachandran: 
Maybe I can ask Anuradha to talk about this. Anuradha handles the business for IRIS Carbon, 
and she is clued into what's happening across different geographies.  
Anuradha RK: 
So thanks for the question. I think you are trying to understand mandates such as FERC, ESG, 
etcetera. So, these are regulatory reporting requirements, which has been there for a couple of 
years now. So, from an overall product perspective, we are fully ready. Customers have been 
using this product for the respective mandate for a couple of years now. Since this is a 
compliance reporting product, there's no concept of partially ready, it is a fully ready product, 
and it is being used by customers already. 
Servo Sawhney: 
Rahil Dasani, this is Servo. I am leading the sales IRIS Carbon, and really good question. I'll 
just add to what Anuradha mentioned since you're new to the business, I'll give you a little bit 
of context of how it is.  
So, at a broad level, think of it as three broad buckets. The first is what you can call the XBRL 
mandates. The second is what we would call a disclosure management reporting in general. And 
then the third is ESG. The first part that we talk about, the XBRL mandate is where the mandates 
you called out for. So, SEC in the U.S., FERC in the U.S., you've got the ESEF in Europe, so on 
and so forth. These are under the first category. All these mandates have been around over a 
period of time. For example, the SEC had rolled it out very long back, probably somewhere 
around 2014. The ESEF or the European mandates for reporting in XBRL have been rolled out 
somewhere around 2021. The FERC is also somewhere around 2021. So, these are mandates 
that have been out by the regulators asking for information to be submitted in the XBRL or 
IXBRL format. That is one product line or one business. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Now comes the second one, which is disclosure management or reporting. That is moving one 
step back in the value chain, where we are help author the overall quarterly, yearly, monthly 
reports, not just financial reports. The product also helps companies prepare internal 
nonfinancial reports. So that is a very broad category, which is not necessarily applicable to 
people who have to report in a mandate only. For example, we have a multibillion-dollar 
customer based out of the U.S., which is not listed. However, they have still chosen to use our 
product for disclosure management for their internal monthly and quarterly reports. So, this is 
the second category. So, this is a large playing field that we are going after for global companies.  
Then the third one is what you called out the ESG or sustainability mandate. Now this is playing 
out as we speak in a phased-out manner globally. Different countries are rolling out their 
mandates at different times. There is a lot of legislative approval required. And in some cases, it 
is taking time for the mandate to be rolled out. Having said that, because a lot of our customers 
and prospects feel that this would help drive more visibility within their organizations and to 
their investors, they are voluntarily reporting information on sustainability. 
 
So, this kind of helps us position ourselves, especially to those companies who need to do a 
sustainability reporting, one in authoring the report and two in collecting the data and preparing 
the report and then finally, of course, authoring. So that is where we have another opportunity. 
And as we speak, it is an ongoing thing that is going to go country by country, regulator by 
regulator. And it's a long-term play. I hope I answered your question Rahil and that gives you 
clarity on the business? 
Rahil Dasani: 
Yes, it helps. So basically, where I was coming from is I wanted to understand the opportunity. 
And I know these mandates were applied along that, but I believe there were some updates along 
the way. For example, for FERC Phase 1 was launched, but I couldn't find out if Phase 2 was 
implemented. And similarly, ESG, we were expecting that this year, the mandate would come 
in and that would be huge for us. So, I just wanted more thoughts on that. 
K. Balachandran: 
First of all, Rahil, I think you're not new to the business. You know a lot more than most people 
will. So, congratulations there. And I think you're spot on. FERC, there it's a phased rollout. The 
first phase has been rolled out. You're absolutely right. The second phase is up in discussion. 
Like I said, it is being run through the legislative procedure within the energy companies in the 
U.S. So that is happening. Time lines, I don't want to comment. I don't want to get ahead of 
myself. There is a lot of, I would say, external factors, political factors that are playing out as 
we speak globally. So, I will not comment on when that will happen. 
 
However, we do expect that there will be some regulation that can come in. Let us see how that 
plays out. The same thing applies to ESG. Like I said, each country has their own, even within 
the EU, if there is a mandate that is being rolled out, that is a set of guidelines that EU is rolling 
out for all the countries within EU. However, each country needs to roll out their own 
specifications of what needs to be reported. So, this is, like I said, a long-term game. We'll have 
to wait and see which country positions how and when they roll it out. 
 
But the good news is if you go out and do a little, I'm sure you've done your research, there are 
a lot of companies that are doing voluntary reporting. So, for example, Apple, if you see, they've 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
been doing it for many years, and they're moving towards a sustainable product and a lot of 
things, right? So, in the same way, there are many such companies, not just one. So that gives 
us an opportunity to grow while the mandate is not yet out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subhash from Value Investments. 
Subhash: 
I just had the question on the operating expenses. I know that compared to Q3 or compared to 
year-on-year growth, the operating margin is down. So, what is included in the other expenses 
that went up? Could you please explain that? And also, what is the sustainable  EBITDA margin 
going forward? 
K. Balachandran: 
I think the EBITDA margin on a year-to-year basis there is a small increase. It's about 17% 
versus 15%. In other expenses outside of salaries, we have partner payments, we have SG&A 
expenses, and we have other general expenses, which come in. So, of course we have been 
spending more in terms of both sales and marketing. And in the SupTech area, there is also a 
higher partner expenses that we incur because we are getting more revenues. So that would 
perhaps explain the increase in other expenses, which is going up, if you look from a year-to-
year basis, it is going up by about 25% from INR35.78 crores to INR44.89 crores. These 
expenses, I would say, would not go out of control, but they will grow at a steady pace because 
we need to definitely spend money on sales and marketing, that's for sure. And also, there is 
expenses in certain markets related to partner payments, not all markets, certain markets. That 
depends on the nature of mandates we get 
So, if you look at the Indian market, for 
example, if you look at some of the business, we do in the SupTech space, we recently did 
something with PFRDA where we implemented a platform at record speed. So, there is no 
partner payments we make because we don't have any partners down the line. It could vary. But 
in some cases, we do have. So that is also one of the factors, I would say. 
Subhash: 
Okay. I mean when we compare year-on-year, it looks dull because last year, your operating 
margin was like 21% in the Q4. But in all other quarters, I can say it is between 13% to 16%, so 
maybe last year, there was any scenario where you had less expenses that could be the reason 
why you had? 
K. Balachandran: 
That's a good point. Actually, there's one more factor in last Q4, we did get some license 
payments. So, license payment certainly gives a boost to the top line without having a 
commensurate hit on the expenses. So, there are certain variations quarter-to-quarter based on 
the timing of some of the software license revenues that we get, not license expenses but license 
revenues that we get. We had a couple of streams of license revenues coming in Q4 FY '24. 
Subhash: 
Okay. Got it. My second question is  almost from last four years, we have grown close to 20% 
CAGR. So, what would be the guidance for the next year, that is FY '26 and going forward? And 
which segment is contributing more growth in the company? 
K. Balachandran: 
No, we don't give explicit guidance, which we have been saying in the past as well. Of course, 
if you look at the current pie, the SupTech is maybe contributing up to 49%. But having said 
that, I did mention in my opening remarks that if you look at the last three years, we are doing 
at about 28% on an average year-on-year growth. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
So, I would hope that this is a new normal for the company or in that range. And this is what we 
try to achieve going forward. And if you look at the medium- to long-term, we certainly see our 
SaaS business doing really well and the share of the pie of the SaaS business proportionately 
increasing as we go forward. That's what I would like to say at this point of time. 
Subhash: 
Yes. The only reason why I asked the question is because when I compared to your peers, right, 
or the competitors like NPST and others. So, they are growing at a very fast pace. So, since you 
are also coming into RegTech & SupTech  right now, I was expecting if you could provide at 
least range guidance like in percentage, like you don't have to mention exact numbers, but that 
would be helpful for our projections for next year. 
K. Balachandran: 
Yes. We have been doing that, but we hear you. So, we'll discuss internally. We have not been 
doing that because our business has a couple of verticals as well. It's a mix of both regulators , 
where the business is more RFP driven and of course, the SaaS business. So, to make an overall 
company guidance, et cetera, it is difficult. And as a policy, we have not been doing that. So, we 
have been saying that the trajectory is visible to you and these are demand drivers and one has 
to make an estimate. 
Subhash: 
OK. So NPST is your direct competitor you're saying, in few segments at least? 
K. Balachandran: 
Tell me again, which company? 
Subhash: 
NPST. 
K. Balachandran: 
Not in the segment we operate. Of course, there are other segments, which includes anti-money 
laundering and fraud detection, where we don't operate. But in the regulatory reporting area, 
which is more to do with financial and risk reporting, we haven't come across them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. 
Manan Poladia: 
Sir, my first question is, since at the start of the call, you mentioned something about us doing 
investments in order to grow our new line of business. Would you be able to perhaps give an 
absolute number of sorts about how much money we're investing where it's not like linked to a 
particular line of revenue yet, and we're trying to grow the business. If you could just explain 
the delta and maybe employee benefit expenses or other expenses in that specific sales push that 
we're doing? 
K. Balachandran: 
You mean the state-related initiative that we are doing? Is that the question that you have? 
Manan Poladia: 
Yes. 
K. Balachandran: 
Okay. So, the state initiative that we have embarked upon is still at a pre-revenue stage. And 
right now, we are getting the basic pieces in place in terms of our offerings. So that we can start 
working with the states and make this platform available to the MSME community. Here, my 
sense is it's a little too premature to talk about the spends. Of course, there will be some spends 
that we'll do in the current year. And I would say that some of it will get capitalized because we 
are building the software. Of course, the community building will be, of course, expensed out. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
So, my guess is it won't be that substantial that one needs to start getting, pencilling it out in 
your projections. 
Manan Poladia: 
Right. Sir, my second question is more of a book-keeping. It's two parts. One, we have a cash 
balance, I believe, of about INR30 crores, INR35 crores or something of that sort. One, how do 
we intend to use that? And what is its strategic investments? Or do we intend to do other 
acquisitions or something of that sort? 
 
My second question on the book-keeping side again is how do we treat our software while we 
are developing it? Like how do we think about capitalizing software costs versus expensing out 
through the P&L? 
K. Balachandran: 
Okay. So maybe Vineet do you want to take the second question first on the capitalization part? 
Vineet Kandoi: 
Yes. So, whenever we build new products from which we expect to generate revenue, this is a 
policy to capitalize those expenses. And also, if we are going for an existing product, but there 
is a new revenue stream or a mandate which is kicking in and we are developing some modules 
in that, we go on capitalizing those expenses. 
 
Otherwise,  all the product development expenses are expensed out in the same year. So,  just to 
give you an example, like Malaysian e-Invoicing, which came in earlier this year, we capitalized 
some of the product development expenses, which went to develop the module for invoicing 
mandate in Malaysia. 
K. Balachandran: 
Coming to the first question, you talked about our cash balance. In fact, if you add the mutual 
fund investments that we have made, cash balance is about INR50 crores. It is not INR35 crores. 
So, as I mentioned in my first set of remarks, we want to make sure that we are very frugal, and 
we calibrate our expenses. And we want to do our spends mostly related to our SaaS business. 
We want to scale it up over the next 3 to 5 years in a substantial way. 
 
So, towards that, we'll be spending money. But at the same time, and if you look at this particular 
business, our sales marketing spends to the revenue, that ratio is still quite low. We want to bring 
it up. We'll be spending, but overall, from a company's perspective, since we are getting revenues 
from the SupTech side, and we'll continue to get good revenues, robust revenue growth from 
that business, we should not see any significant dropdown in terms of our overall margins. That's 
what we'd say. 
 
But the money that we raised about INR20 crores through private placement, plus we have 
generated enough cash through accruals during the last 1 to 2 years. So, both together, the cash 
balance reflects about INR53 crores or so. That we'll spend in a very thoughtful manner. Of 
course, we have plans and we are fine-tuning these plans, and we would do this in an iterative 
manner as we go along this path. That's what I would say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit  Potti, an individual investor. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Rohit  Potti:                           My first question is on the Qatar deal. Could you give us an understanding of the size of the deal 
in comparison to South Africa? Or is it more along the lines of our other SupTech deals that we 
used to win in the past? 
K. Balachandran: 
So, this is more along the lines of the Central Bank deals that we have won in other geographies, 
not with the blockbuster South African Bank deal. So, I would say it would be definitely on the 
lower side by a fair margin as far as the Qatar deal is concerned. Of course, we'll implement it 
much faster as well. South African deal, South African deposit insurance platform that we are 
building, the implementation will go on for 3-plus years, which is not the case here. 
Rohit Potti:                         So how far along are we on the South African deal? And given the large size and that segment 
being a treadmill segment, will we be able to sort of maintain our growth rate once that deal 
tapers off? 
K. Balachandran: 
This is again a very good question. This is a question we have been asking ourselves as well. 
So, our strength is the South African business, we still need to execute a fair bit there. So, I 
would say maybe about 35% is still left to be executed. And we are working on a number of 
other deals which are in the pipeline as well. 
 
So, if you look from a 1 to 2 year perspective, we don't see that weakening our growth in this 
segment. Anyway, if you look at the ARR of the company, that has already gone up. We are at 
about INR75 crores of ARR roughly. So, as a percentage, recurring revenues will also go up as 
we move forward. 
 
And there are other deals in the SupTech segment, which we are chasing. Of course, these are 
those kinds of deals will take time, and there is a decision period involved. But that should make 
up as we go along. Even in the South African business, this  insurance platform has many, many 
levels of requirement. So, it is not that it is just not an open and shut case once the current 
deliverables are done. So let me stop at this point. 
Rohit  Potti:                              It is helpful, And then my last question is on the initial commentary you made. See, historically, 
we've always been informed that mandate will drive our ARR growth in the RegTech segment. 
And we saw jumps when the FERC and the ESA mandate had come in. Now it seems like we 
are going to be mandate independent from the commentary at least. 
 
So, it will be helpful to understand more details on the confidence in terms of the 3 buckets that 
Servo was talking about. And I also was wondering, I mean, again, this is taking off from the 
answer you gave Balu, sir, do we expect a meaningful maintenance component from the South 
African deal, which will add to the ARR of the company? 
K. Balachandran: 
There will certainly be an ARR component to the South African platform that we are building. 
Of course, that will be there. That will come once the whole thing goes live. And of course, that 
component from a proportionate point of view will be less than the overall deal size for obvious 
reasons. So, of course, any typical platform that we build has an AMC component, which kicks 
in. For example, the PFRDA, which went live, it has an AMC component which has kicked in. 
So that kind of mechanics will continue to serve us in good stead. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Coming back to the question on our ARR being driven not only by mandates, maybe I'll ask 
Deepta to take it. 
Deepta Rangarajan: 
Rohit, thank you so much for the question. So yes, you're right. I think in the past, when we have 
spoken, especially from the RegTech segment, we have always said, and it's true that when there 
is a mandate, there is normally a tailwind of growth. So, when Servo was explaining that we've 
got 3, let's say, subproducts or modules or call it what you will, there is an XBRL, there is a 
disclosure management, and a sustainability set of solutions. 
So clearly, when there is a mandate, what happens is there is a driving imperative for enterprises 
to immediately adopt a solution. There is an external deadline of pressure. So, we've historically 
seen tailwinds when mandates are announced. What we were looking at even in the ESG space, 
there was to be an ESG reporting mandate rolling out from this year, and that was going to 
provide us added tailwinds of growth as well. But because, like Servo said, there was slowdown 
after the of U.S. elections, a little bit of stalling on the ESG side, it doesn't give us those tailwinds. 
So now what I would say is when you take a look at the non-mandate, which is the disclosure 
management and the general sustainability report in which companies are anyway reporting, 
nothing to do with the mandate , our sales engine or our sales machinery has to work differently. 
And that is if you remember from the conference calls or these earnings calls of a couple, 6 
months ago or so, I think we talked about the fact that we are consciously rewiring ourselves 
also to go after deeper into the CFO organization, more value add, less driven by mandate, and 
more up the value chain and therefore higher prices, the sales rhythm and the sales mechanism 
works differently. 
So, while we might not see those kinds of tailwinds, we believe that the value of the deals in 
these non-mandate ones will certainly be richer. We will go deeper, and we're already seeing 
early signs of that. So, for example, in the early disclosure management deals, we are seeing 
customers are willing to pay more, are seeing greater value in the solution and are leveraging it 
more. 
As an example, we start with one report type for one company, and then it expanded to other 
report types, other subsidiaries, et cetera. But this sale unlike the place a mandate driven sale, 
where there are tail winds of mandates. So, we'll keep ourselves prepared for both.  
But nonetheless, I think where we are headed is a part of a conscious plan to also go outside of 
mandates into a deeper value-added space.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sakshi Garg from Nivesh Securities. 
Sakshi Garg: 
My question is what are the 5-year plans of the company? Are we jumping into any new segment, 
any capex, any acquisitions we are planning to do in the next coming 5 years? 
K. Balachandran: 
If you look at the next 5 years, I won't be able to answer that question. All kind of options will 
be on the table, including acquisitions. But this is something definitely not baked into our current 
operating plan. That's what I would say.  

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sakshi Garg: 
I've seen a company's track record. company is doing great, coming with the new numbers, 
jumping into new segments like new type of technologies, data technology, Reg technology. So, 
I think company should jump into a new segment and should find opportunities in new sectors 
and new technologies as well. 
K. Balachandran: 
Understood. So, you're saying that we should actively go and look for new segments and maybe 
guide on new technologies so that we can drive our revenues. That's what you are 
recommending. 
 
Okay. We hear you, very good point. In fact, I should just point out that the state initiative that 
we are doing is a fresh segment where we feel there can be a significant opportunity for us as 
we develop the whole ecosystem. So that is definitely there of course, but we hear you in terms 
of in the RegTech itself, whether we should start looking out for new segments. But we within 
the management, we feel the runway with the existing business is still quite substantial, and we 
should run after that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Sir, could you just speak about some of the investments that we are making towards the future 
growth of the company? So, for example, I remember about 3, 4 years ago, Mr. Swaminathan 
used to say that we didn't have funds to add more people in America and so on, right? So, where 
are we on some of those initiatives with respect to adding people, especially salespeople in some 
of the key geographies? That is number one.  
 
Number two is, sir, on the Taxtech and especially on IRIS GST, what is the business model 
there? I think it is to give the e-filing free and then make money on other value-added services. 
So, could you just speak about where we are in that journey, sir, on the tax? So, these are my 2 
questions. 
K. Balachandran: 
Maybe on the Taxtech side, we'll answer that first, I'll request Gautam Mahanti, who handles the 
business to give his views.  
Gautam Mahanti: 
So, the Taxtech e-invoicing that you mentioned, we actually are running the e-invoicing platform 
for GSTN. So that's a government e-invoicing platform, which is a compliance requirement, and 
that's offered for free and value-added services can be offered on top. But that is not a core 
offering of the Taxtech business. So that is one which is anyway has been mandated by the 
government. 
 
The core offering of the Taxtech segment is a suite of SaaS platform being sold to enterprises 
and taxpayers to enable their entire GST compliance, GST filings, returns filing, doing the 
monthly reconciliation, e-way bill and e-invoicing, which is charged on a subscription-based 
model, depending on the number of tax IDs and the volume of transactions that these companies 
perform on a monthly basis. That's the core GST tax compliance. 
 
So last year, we also expanded into a newer territory geography, which is the Malaysia e-invoice 
mandate. We launched our platform and working with companies through partners. And within 
India, we're looking at expanding beyond compliance, going beyond the mandate, reaching out 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
to the CFO with accounts payable automation and downstream litigation management and 
insights, and reporting solutions. 
 
So yes, your point is partially right that the IRP (Invoice Registration Portal) system, which we 
offer on behalf of the government, we can't charge for it because it's on behalf of the government. 
But our core offering is for taxpayers, companies across all sizes to whom we charge the fees. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Great. So just a follow-up question on that. So why do we have EBITDA margin as negative? 
So, are we doing some investments in that line of business? 
Gautam Mahanti: 
Yes. So last year, we did some heavy investments in terms of building out some new products. 
2 products which I would like to call out, one is an accounts payable automation product. So, 
we would like to now start cross-selling to our existing customers to go upstream and automate 
their entire accounts payable cycle, which then connects to the core compliance. So, this year, 
we hope that we will start, and these will be slightly outside of the mandate products. So, we 
wanted to build in greater stickiness with this customer. 
 
So, investments in building products is what has led to the negative margins for this year.  And 
also, there's another product on CFO dashboards, which we have invested to build insights for 
the tax and the CFO of a company to take decisions. 
K. Balachandran: 
Vikas, you had a first question on our sales and marketing ramp-up, so let me quickly answer 
that. Of course, our liquidity position improved substantially from the middle of FY'25 onwards, 
somewhere, say, July onwards. And we have been, of course, cognizant of spending more on 
sales and marketing. We have started doing that.  
 
We are doing that initially by focusing on getting the engine right in terms of marketing and the 
sales engine, which is initially operating out of India in terms of contacts and getting the 
discovery calls going, and taking the customer through the journey towards the closure. So, some 
of the points which you talked about, I think, will definitely kick in. And this is something which 
the team is actively working on at this point of time, how to put the key pieces in play, which 
has some of the resources  on ground as well. Servo can supplement a bit. 
Servo Sawhney: 
Yes. Thanks, I'll just add to what Balu said. I think we have been in the phase of recruitment 
now more actively than ever before in the geographies in North America and, more importantly, 
Europe. 
 
I think, like you said, the foundation is the most important part, getting the process and playbook 
in place because when you bring in a person who is sitting remote or further away, you want to 
make sure that you're giving them enough tools and ammunition to go out and be able to send 
for you. Hence, we need to first get our act together over here and then bring those people on 
board. Important thing is we are doing that more actively now than ever. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sidharth Shah, an individual investor. 
Sidharth Shah: 
Maybe to follow up on Rohit's earlier question, given there may be less mandate-driven growth, 
are we seeing disclosure management as kind of the key product that would drive growth 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
forward, given it's more high-touch, it could be private or public companies. It's kind of just 
mentioned a single source of truth, so maybe connected to a lot of the underlying ERP systems 
that a company and aggregating data. Is that how you all are looking at this product going 
forward? 
Deepta Rangarajan: 
Correct, Sidharth. So, we still see also runway for XBRL modules as and when mandates kick 
in, for example, ESG reporting mandates, et cetera. But we see disclosure management certainly 
as a high-touch, more value-add, deeper driver of growth. So, you probably know that Sidharth, 
I think many times in the past, we've talked about Workiva, which is a very well-known name 
in the space of disclosure management, U.S.-based company, USD 700 million in revenue, and 
growing. 
And the entire space of disclosure management, if you just take a look at kind of research reports, 
for example, Gartner or G2, etcetera, the space itself is growing because it solves for a problem 
which is ubiquitous in large enterprises as well as mid-market companies across the world. 
 
So, more complexity, more reporting, single source of truth, deeper connections with their ERP 
system. So certainly, we'll see this as kind of like a key driver. Within that, there are like flavors 
and add-on modules. For example, sustainability reporting is another form of reporting as well. 
It's just that over there, there's an overlay or a jump-off point for Chief Sustainability Officer.  
 
. So yes, we see this as a pretty significant deal part. Having said that, I think like we always 
have maintained in the past, both on the SupTech side and on the Regtech side, we certainly see 
mandate-led opportunities as and when they come to also give us tailwinds in new markets and 
new opportunities, and that boost. 
Sidharth Shah: 
That's very helpful. And just a quick follow-up was, I think from what I understand, our R&D 
has been very efficient, especially on XBRL because we use kind of windows as the underlying 
product and built on that versus Workiva, that did it from scratch. Is that same kind of cost 
efficiency being used for the disclosure management product as well? 
Deepta Rangarajan: 
So, thanks, Siddharth. So one is, by the way, the Windows product is the disclosure management 
product. Sometime, by the way, we invite all of you to come and take a look at our products as 
well,. It would be wonderful to take a look at this in detail and see what it is that we do. We'll 
be really, really happy to walk you through it, too. 
But coming back to the point, our disclosure management product is Microsoft Office based. 
And that gives a greater degree of comfort or a greater edge in the sense of it's the tools that 
CFOs are most comfortable with and most familiar with. And yes, we're using that when we are 
pitching our solution overall. Just one more thing. The R&D and the cost efficiency for us is 
also in part because we are India-centric. We are headquartered here.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hiren Thakkar, an individual investor. 
Hiren Thakkar: 
First question is, is AI is expected to ease the regulation compliance for medium and small 
companies? And then how will this impact our business? 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Deepta Rangarajan: 
Maybe I can just start off and then Thomas can come in. So, see, I think this question on AI is 
like a recurring question on how we see it either benefiting us or being a threat. We actually see 
AI helping us on 2 fronts. One is just greater efficiency within our own firm. And the second is 
something that we can leverage in our solutions for faster or better or smoother customer 
experience. So Hiren, when you're saying that can it help the smaller and midsized firms, I'll 
actually pass this on to Thomas, who will talk about some of the solutions that we are just in the 
process of rolling out, which will exactly help the smaller and midsized firms leveraging AI. 
P. K. X. Thomas: 
Good evening, we recently launched a product, which actually can do auto tagging. . So, like 
your regular way of actual filing returns like a signed files or unsigned PDF files, it can actually 
pick up those PDF files, find out the right set of tags  and map it to the right taxonomies  and 
can file on XBRL/iXBRL output . So, we started with test actually we are using this tool. 
 
We are giving it to a set of people who actually can do upload a PDF file, get it auto tagged , 
validate it and then do the filing. So that is actually just out. So, we will be actually commercially 
launching it later. So, we use a lot of AI in our development process, whether be it for 
documentation process, be it for creating automation testing, etcetera, for our software. We do 
that actually. 
Deepta Rangarajan: 
So just to add to what Thomas said because we spoke about the mid-market segment. Business 
registry mandates apply for all companies from big to very small companies. So, automated 
XBLR report creation becomes very useful for small companies in the business registry market. 
And once we are able to successfully establish that this is working, we can actually take this and 
roll this out across every market where business registries mandate XBRL.  
We also have a couple of other examples of the use of AI, for example, I think we have also 
talked in the past of the use of AI in a couple of other instances like, for example, in our GST 
business where we used it to support our litigation management systems. So, where you can 
automatically read the litigation or the GST and notice, craft an appropriate first response. So, 
we have spoken about this. So, while there are a couple of these examples, what we also are 
looking at do planning at doing is creating a small cell or identifying the first pool of resources 
so we can have a sharper team within the company to drive AI initiatives across the firm.  
Hiren Thakkar: 
Yes. And my second question is what kind of monetization we have done with the deal with 
Karnataka, Goa and Telangana government? And can we get any major contracts ending details 
for this year? Can we disclose any contract to the shareholders? 
Deepta Rangarajan: 
So again, I'll take the first question. First, which is on Karnataka, Telangana and Goa. We have 
signed these 3 MOUs with 3 state governments. But like Balu already mentioned at the 
beginning, this business of ours, which is the MSME or the DataTech business is a pre-revenue 
business. So, at this point in time, we do not see these as, from a kind of a revenue perspective, 
we do not see this contributing to revenues in the coming years in any significant or meaningful 
way. 
 
However, we believe it has large potential in the long run. And therefore, at this point, it is more 
about creating the right set of products, ensuring that there is kind of the value proposition 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
established for the different stakeholders. In fact, over the next couple of months, we will 
actually be rolling out some of the products in the market with some of the state governments. 
 
So, you will be seeing that basically. But we do not expect these to contribute in a significant 
way at this point. But we see this as our, in the longer term, really kind of kicking in and adding 
more value. I'll just pass this to Balu to add a little more. 
K. Balachandran: 
I'll just say that we may be able to give you a better update or more useful update in the next 
conference call, which will happen after 6 months, where some of these products would have 
been launched in the market. We will know the use case for MSMEs. And once you have a 
sufficiently large use base, you have a critical mass, then the monetization will start happening 
from there on. 
 
So, we'll get a much better idea. But the basic trust is to work with the states in partnership, offer 
platforms which bring in substantial value to the MSMEs operating in those states, get them on 
board, build a community and using that community, then start offering, then enable products 
such as lending products on the platform so that we start the monetization of whatever we are 
doing at this point of time. So, this is something work in process. We should be able to give you 
may be a better update in the second call after the first half is over. 
Hiren Thakkar: 
Sir, I just also ask because first point, we said we are getting 35% of the revenue in some 
particular segment from South Africa. So, I just wanted to know, is there any major contracts 
ending this year that are not renewing for next year? 
K. Balachandran: 
We didn't say 35%. We said overall our revenue from Africa is about 35%, of which, of course, 
South Africa component is very, very significant in that. The contracts, we announced one 
contract this year so far, which is Qatar Central Bank and we are chasing a few other contracts 
as we speak, but that is part of the business process itself. So that's what I would like to say at 
this point of time. 
Servo Sawhney: 
I'll just quickly add one more thing. The nature of these contracts in this business is as regulators 
complete one part, they then understand what else is coming up and what needs to be done. That 
is when they might reengage in a new contract. So, it's an ongoing process. 
 
Even if one comes to an end, there is a good chance or possibility that they might have more 
work that needs to be done. So, let's not stop that if there is a contract that ends at the end of the 
world, no. With the same regulator, things continue to move on. It's a long-term engagement to 
solve their problems at large. 
Hiren Thakkar: 
Understood, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up question. It's from the line of Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I actually have several questions, but to take over a few. In 
FY '24 for the South Africa order, we were very bullish on the SupTech segment and said that 
we have bid for multiple RFPs and even said that next quarter, we will have an announcement. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
But in terms of the order wins, there is only one recently from the Qatar bank. So if you can 
explain what happened here because historically, I believe our win rate in this segment has been 
55% to 60%? 
K. Balachandran: 
So the RFPs have been postponed. That's what I would say. And a few, since have not been 
taken, but we did win PFRDA in the previous year. And by end of the financial year, we won 
Qatar Central Bank as well. So, it is not that the previous year was a washout. We did win 2 
substantial RFPs and a few are all, are in the pipeline as well. 
 
But there is a certain decision period involved, and we don't have too much control over when 
the decisions are made. For example, we had bid with one of the Middle East regulators and I 
think the RFP the bid had got in maybe in September. But even now it has not moved even into 
the evaluation process. So, there are in situation like that which happens. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Understood. So, sir, if you can maybe share how many RFPs are ongoing right now where we 
are participating? 
K. Balachandran: 
We can't give a number at this point of time, but I would say a good handful of RFPs  is in play. 
Let me put it like that. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Understood. Okay. Sir, next coming to the cross-selling opportunity, I wanted to understand we 
have 6,000-plus customers. So what issues are we facing to push more of our products to these 
customers? For example, the disclosure management module or the tax product, particularly the 
value-added products in the TaxTech segment because we launched all these products a while 
back, and it seems that they haven't scaled up as much. So, if you can explain what issues are 
we facing here. 
Servo Sawhney: 
I think great question, Rahil Dasani. There is ample opportunity for us to go and cross-sell. We 
are already in motion and play. In fact, we've already cross-sold disclosure management to 
multiple existing customers along with new logos. So that is in play. What is important to 
understand because there is no mandate, the urgency is not always going to be there. Is it a large 
enough problem for them to go after and solve? That is something that we need to sit down and 
discuss with the client. 
 
So, we need to understand what is their buying process, what is the urgency and how big of a 
problem it is. There are conversations that are going on with multiple existing customers. And 
we have to slice and dice because 6,000 is a large number. So, we need to prioritize whom do 
we go after first based on geography, based on revenue, based on multiple factors. It is already 
in play, but good question. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Understood. So maybe on the urgency, I was under the assumption that particularly for the DM 
module, the current potential customers were doing it more of manually and this service would 
have been a great help to them. So, while I understand there is no bandwidth around it yet, but 
maybe to better understand the urgency and all this? 
Servo Sawhney: 
I think very, very good question again, Rahil I think the way companies buy software is 
something they need to understand. Typically, what happens is they need to allocate budget for 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
a software as a part of their financial year planning. So, in many cases, they might be able to get 
an approval out of turn if the amount is not too large. In some cases, they need to vote, especially 
larger, bigger organizations. 
 
They may have to go through certain approval processes, get it added to that budget, and they 
will eventually buy, but that urgency will be filled in once they have the budget approved as 
well. So, they have a problem, there is pain, they are solving for it, but it may take time. That is 
what I mean when I say there may not be so much of an urgency at that point in time. 
 
Part of our sales cycle is understanding, how big of a pain it is, what value we can add and 
deliver and then see if there is already an urgency or if there is some form, we can create some 
urgency. In some cases, for example, giving an incentive for them to sign up sooner is a possible 
way of creating urgency. 
 
In some cases, they may be using another vendor and the contract is up for renewal, and they 
may want to look at us and choose us as an alternate option is another case of creating an urgency. 
So, there are multiple scenarios we need to understand and the software buying process within 
the organizations. Definitely a good play, definitely a big enough opportunity for us; we need to 
continue focusing and case by case. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Understood. So just in continuation of this question, in Q4 FY '24, you explained that a leading 
indicator of the non-bank business growing would be the growth in the pipeline of customers as 
we find more pain points. So maybe you can explain what more pain points you have found 
compared to last time and how has this pipeline grown? 
Servo Sawhney: 
Actually, I think in the interest of time, I don't want to get into too many pain points right now. 
What I can say the pipeline has been growing significantly, both with the existing customers to 
cross-sell. 
 
Along with that, we've run a marketing motion where we are reaching out to creating more 
awareness, having those conversations with new prospects and identifying where we can sell 
more. I'd love to maybe take it offline if you're interested to know pain points and how to solve 
for them, Rahil But I think for the audience we have today and the time limit, I'll skip the pain 
points for now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit, an individual investor. 
Rohit  Potti:                         Just a follow-up on my previous question. So I mean, in the three buckets that we talked about in 
terms of XBRL and the ESG and then the disclosure management, could you help us understand 
the sales cycle for each and the, I mean, not the exact pricing, but the difference in the quantum 
of pricing for each of the product when we sell and if, let's say, it goes as a solution, then what 
happens in terms of pricing? 
Servo Sawhney: 
Rohit, always a pleasure hearing your question, very interesting questions. You're going to ask 
me to tell my secret sauce out here in the public domain. I'm not going to do that right now. 
What I can say is there is a significant difference between what we have traditionally priced 
towards what we are doing for disclosure management. 

 
IRIS Business Services Limited  
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
We see there is traction and a lot of demand for the disclosure management as a product as well 
as we are able to demonstrate value and hence charge more compared to what we have 
traditionally done. I'm not going to give any more details than that. Rohit  Potti:I mean that 
gives me a sense of what you're trying to say. 
Anuradha RK: 
Sure, Rohit. In summary, for everyone, the disclosure management solves certainly a pain point 
in the CFO's office. XBRL is a compliance requirement. Both need to be met. But this one 
actually definitely comes with a multiple value of XBRL. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitesh Mehta from Long-term Investment Group. 
Mitesh Mehta: 
Most of my questions are being answered. But one question I have regarding TaxTech, like when 
are we expecting the TaxTech segment to turn around? And what are the further planning for? 
Gautam Mahanti: 
So, I think the last year, we have put in the hard work of building the products, and that's why 
we went into red. So, I'm extremely positive and confident about turning around TaxTech this 
year because those products will now be out in the market and should be driving our top line. 
Mitesh Mehta: 
Okay. And like are we planning to expand to other geography as well in TaxTech segment? 
India and Malaysia? 
Gautam Mahanti: 
Yes, absolutely. So, Malaysia was our first foray internationally, and we continue to push and 
gain market share, both in India and Malaysia. We'll be looking, we are also seeing opportunities 
coming up in Singapore and UAE for which we would be building those platforms looking for 
future growth. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
K. Balachandran: 
Thank you once again. Thanks for coming in good numbers and asking your questions. We 
always find it very instructive to listen to your questions, and we always go back and look at 
these more deeply. We do get information that we can use going forward as well. So, thanks 
once again. 
 
So as per our normal practice, we typically hold our conference calls after every six months. 
And that we'll continue this year as well. So, we could meet on our results conference call in the 
second half of the year after our Q2 results are published. So have a good evening, and thank 
you so much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IRIS Business Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
