 
 
 
30th April, 2025 
 
Stock Code BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
       ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2025 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 25th April, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the said 
earnings call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/investors/results-and-presentations/quarterly-results-and-webcasts/march-
quarter-2025-results/ 
 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Radhika Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A19308 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Hindustan Unilever Limited, 
Unilever House, 
B D Sawant Marg, Chakala, 
Andheri East, Mumbai 400 099 
Tel: +91 (22) 50433000 I Web: www.hul.co.in I CIN: L 15140MH1933PLC002030 
RADHIKA 
KARTIK SHAH
Digitally signed by 
RADHIKA KARTIK SHAH 
Date: 2025.04.30 
20:49:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 40
••March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 
Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever 
Limited" 
April 24, 2025 
Speakers: 
Mr. Rohlt Jawa, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Mr. Rltesh Tlwarl, CFO, Executive Director, Finance and IT 
Ms. Shilpa Kedia, Group Financial Controller a. Head Investor Relations 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Modarcdor: 
lhllpa Kedia: 
RoltlU•wa: 
Ladles and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hindustan Unilever 
Limited Conference Call for the Results of March Quarter and Financial Year 
ended 31stMan:h2025.As a reminder, allparticipantlineswillbe in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presenta.tlon concludes. Should you need assistance dut1ng this conference 
cal~ please signal an operator by pressing -.- then -o- on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference Is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shilpa Kedia, Ciroup Financial 
Controller and Head of Investor Relatlons. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. 
Shllpa Kedia. 
Thank you, Neerav. Ciood evening, everyone. Welcome to the conference call 
of Hindustan Unilever Umltecl. This evening, we will be covet1ng the results of 
March quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2025. On the call with me 
Is Rohlt Jclwa, CEO and Managing Director and Rltesh Tiwarl, CFO. 
we will start with the prepared remcutcs from Roh It and Rltesh. we expect this 
to take around 30 minutes, leaving us with approximately an hour for the Q&A 
session. We wlU look to end the call by 5:30 PM. Before we get started with the 
presenta.tlon. I would Uke to draw your attention to the safe harbor statement 
Included In the presentation for good order sake. With that. over to you, Roh It. 
Ciood evening, eve,yone. Thank you for Joining us on the call today. l"ll begin 
with an update on the operating context for financial year •~•25, followed 
by an overview of our performance and key hlghUghts for the year. 
Subsequently, Rltesh will proceed to detail our quarterly and financial year 
performance, concluding with the mid to near term outlook. 
FMCG market witnessed subdued demand trends In the financial year •~•2s. 
Rural demand continued to Improve gradually while urban demand 
moderated over the year. While syndicated data Is available only for general 
and modern trade, we also incorporate e-commerce data. from our partners 
for internal 1:Mcking. Including e-commerce data, urban demand continues 
to moderate during the year, reflecting a trend similar to tho.t observed in the 
shared chart. 
Page2of4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Commodity movements displayed divergent trends this year. Significant 
Inflation was observed In palm oil. tea and coffee, whereas crude oil. soda 
ash and skimmed milk powder were deflationary. Palm oil and tea prices have 
eased sequentially, while rupee has further depreciated against the dollar. 
Given the current geopolltlcal cUmate, we will continue to closely watch this 
space for any volatility. 
In this backdrop, we focussed on our prioritie5 of driving volume growth and 
strengthening competitiveness. We delivered a turnover of Rs. 60,680 crores 
with an undertylng sales growth of 2.,r,, drtven by an underlying volume growth 
of2". 
Our pricing CLctions Cl.re guided by net material inflation. For full year 2024 -
2.025, NMI remained flat, Indicating that Inflation In some parts of the 
business was offset by buying efficiency, savings and deflation In the other 
parts of the business. Subsequently, our undertylng price growth for the year 
was near zero. Cross margin at 50.39' was down 50 bps year-on-year, 
primarily on account of business mix and Increased Investments across 
distribution channels. 
EBITDA remained healthy at 2359' albeit lower by 30 basis points yeat'-On-
year. PAT before exceptional Items grew 19' while PAT Increased by 5'6 year-
on-year after Including the profit received from the disposal of Purelt. While 
our absolute volume tonnage grew competitively, in the mid-single digit. it 
was partially offset by negative mix, resulting in 2" uvc; for the year. 
We continued to deliver competitive growth, further strengthening our 
market leadership during the year. Our ability to win competitively In the 
market Is deeply entrenched In the strength of our brands. We have continued 
to invest in the drivers of preference, taking our brands from strength to 
strength. This is reflected in our unmissable brand superiority scores or UBS, 
with more than 8°" of our business being superior to eyeball competition. 
We spoke to you about our evolved strategy during Capital Markets Da.y, last 
year. We remain steadfast in our commitment to it, transforming our portfolio 
with pace, pivoting investments towards drivers of demand and CLCcelerating 
future proofing of our distinctive capabllltles while upholding our 
foundational pillars of sustalnablllt)' and culture. 
Page3of4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Our segmented portfolio approach facilitates better prioritization of 
resources and crafting of tailored strategies to maximize each portfolio's 
contribution to overall organizational growth. 
we Intend to keep our core contemporary and healthy as these brands are 
the source of our deep penetration and distribution might FUture core entails 
bl'Qnds that are at the sweet spot of premlumlzatlon. Our goal here Is to 
unlock access of these brands to Cl larger number of consumers and as a 
result, grow faster than the market. Market Makers Is where we are building 
new segments of the future. While it Is cunently a smaller part of our business, 
It will continue to grow rapidly In the years to come. We are very focused on 
increasing the pie by driving accelerated growth. 
In full year 2024 - 2025, we made progress towards ambition for each of the 
portfolio segments. we relaunched two of our large Core brands, Lifebuoy 
<1.nd Cilow & Lovely during the year, modemlzlng them to meet the evolving 
needs of consumers. Our Future Core portfolio has delivered competitive 
value and volume growth. In our Market Makers portfoUo, where our fccus Is 
to accelerate portfolio expansion, we have delivered double-digit growth. 
Consequently, we have driven a 200 basis points portfolio shift from Core to 
Future Core and Market Makers in the year. This portfolio shift aligns with our 
mid-to-long-term stnitegic objective of achieving over 80'6 of our growth 
delta from latter two portfolios. 
There are three brands in our Core portfolio where we need to improve 
performance-Lifebuoy, Cilow & Lovely and Nutrition Drtnks. Both Lifebuoy and 
Glow & Lovely have undergone a comprehensive 6P relaunch In response to 
changing consumer needs. We have more work to do In Nutrition Drtnks and 
we will cover some more detail on It later In the presentation. 
Lifebuoy has been dedicated to preventing Infections and promoting health 
for over Cl century, continually evolving with the changing consumer 
preferences. After enhancing the product with Stratos technology, the brand 
has now elevated its proposition from illness protection to <ldvanced skin 
protection benefits. Deeply Intertwined with culture and tradition In lndla. the 
MCI.ha Kumbh Mel<1. provided the perfect backdrop to Introduce the significant 
transformation at the largest religious gathering In the world. The rel<1.unch 
Page,of4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
was strategically relnfora:d through eleva.ted media Investments, which 
Included the onboardlng of one of the na.tlon's biggest celebrities as our 
brand ambassador and extensive digital o.clvertising during the IPL We also 
stepped up our investment behind on trend demand spaces by relaunching 
Lifebuoy Lemon, Aloe Fresh within the freshness segment 
we Introduced Cilow & Lovely with an ele\/Gted proposition of 'Newer Brtghter 
Skin EVety Day' and modem packaging. We pivoted our media spends 
towards digital media and social first Initiatives, achieving higher reach and 
seeing a marked Improvement In digital awareness. During the year, we 
focused on building a complete portfoUo with Cilow & Lovely, having 
previously launched the Ci lass Bright Ciel creme and expanded into new future 
facing formats of sunscreens and serums. 
we are confident that these actions will lmpR>ve our performance of these 
brands over the next few quarters. 
Moving on to Future Core and Market Makers. Let me share two examples of 
rapid portfolio transformations driven in the year. 
Ponds has had a strong year of competitive growth driven by double-digit 
USCi In Its Future Core and Market Maker portfoUos. This Is an outcome of our 
transformation strategy that comprtsed three actions: elevating the brand, 
transforming the portfoUo and rewiring our deployment 
We elevated the brand to a science and Ingredient-first expert master brand 
with a significant upgrade to the visual Identity and desirability. 
Consequently, we saw a significant uptick in our Unmissable Brand 
Superiorit;y scores. 
Sharpening the brand architecture of Ponds, we Identified four distinct 
demand spaces where we will drive transformation. In this year Itself, circa 
2J3rd of our portfolio In Future Core and Market Makers was revamped to drtve 
accelerated growth. 
Ciiven the rising relevance of Channels of the Future, we invested to win in 
speciaUzed channels with sharp shopper acquisition playbooks. We pivoted 
our media spends towards digital channels, including Others Say and 
Page5of4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
performance marketing. Consequently, the brand has delivered even higher 
growth In the Channels of the Future. 
As market leaders In Home Care, we have been pioneers of developing Uqulds 
market In the countJy. In the last 1 year, we furttier accelera.ted 
transformation in this space. We elevated functionality of the existing brands, 
amplified market development activities by expanding into Tier 2 price 
segments, expanded 
into adjacent white spaces 
and 
boosted 
premiumiza.tion through innovations. We invested in strengthening our 
brands, alloca.ted disproportionate media spend and Intensified design for 
channel pm:k launches to further create momentum In the Channels of the 
Future. Consequently, this portfolio delivered strong double-digit growth In 
theyear. 
Moving on, let me give you an update on actions taken under the Excel plllar 
during the year. 
Building unmlssably superior brands Is crucial to drive competitive brand and 
category growth as well as market share. As I mentioned earlier, more than 
80% of our turnover Is superior to eyeball competition. Let me take an 
example of Surf Excel. a brand with the highest UBS score. In full year 24-25, 
the brand has crossed a milestone tumover of Rs. 10,000 crores, growing 
volumes In near double digit and further strengthening Its market leadership 
position. 
We Identified six sizable segments where we are Investing disproportionately 
to drive growth. fftese segments delivered double-digit USO In full year 24-25 
and the part of this portfolio selUng on e-commerce delivered circa 45% 
growth In gross sales value. In this quarter, we strengthened our presence In 
the wellbeing segment by introducing Liquid I.V., Unilever's biggest wellness 
brand. 
We accelerated our digital media Investments to drtve social first demand 
generation through automated media planning. we ampUfled our Influencer 
spends by circa 409r, to Increase Impact generated by engagement and digital 
a.waraness of our bmnds. We have stepped up our execution and design for 
channel capabilities, customized to channel nuances during the year. 
Consequently, our on-shelf and onUne availability have gone up by 200 and 
500 basis points respectively. Recognizing the increasing consumer 
Pagefiof4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
preference for q-commercie, we have also almost doubled our a.ssortment to 
fully meet their diverse needs. 
Under the WiMI 2.0 structure, we are Looking at the opportunity within affluent 
agglomerations, to serve consumers with different needs and cu$t0mlze our 
mixes for them. There Is a growing trend among consumers to utlUze specialty 
channels to address their Increasing diverse and specific requirements. Our 
specialty channels Include health and wellness stores, premium beauty 
outlets and gourmet food retailers. By understanding the specific shopper 
behavior and channel requirements, we have been able to deliver solutions 
that resonate with the retailers and their shoppers. lhls targeted approach 
will help us strengthen our brand presence in these segments and cater to 
our consumers and brands. 
As we build for the future, we are also looking to widen the competitive gap 
within our distinctive moats. 
Our R&D function leverages Unllever's global R&D prowess for HUL 
Differentiated and Inimitable technologies form competitive moats for our 
business and we have Identified three strategic next-generation science and 
technology platforms for the same. While these are multiyear research 
platforms for our business, they have already begun powering our recent 
Core and Market Making innovations such as the Vim Ultra.Pro floor cleaner, 
Stratos soap bars in Lux and Lifebuoy and Dove Scalp+ Hair therapy range to 
name just a few. 
We are focusing on creating a Leaner, more digital and highly autonomous 
supply chain system to drive value in our operations. During the year, our 
Doom Dooma factoiy was recognized as an End-to-End value chain 
Lighthouse by the World Economic FoNm. With this addition, HUL now holds 
the highest number of World Economic Forum recognized End-to-End value 
chain Ughthouses In India. This showcases our strong commitment to drtve 
sustained Improvements In productMty, quaUty, service, cost, and 
environmental Impact by adopting fourth Industrial revolution technologies 
at scale. 
Page7of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
We are creating a klrana.-centric, distributor Inclusive model In our traditional 
trade that gives the power of anytime ordering and transparency to the 
retailer while increasing our assortment and service. With CL direct value-
weighted distribution of 69%, we are now servicing stores that cumulatively 
sell over 69% value of our relevant categol1es. This Is a. significant 400 basis 
point step-up In direct value-weighted distribution over a period of 18 
months. 
We have amplified our commitment to generating fuel for growth across our 
value chain by hamesslng the power of Al, data and analytics to arrtve at big, 
dlsruptlVII Ideas across the value chain. During the year, we dellverecl robust 
net savings to the tune of 3.59', of our turnover. 
we have executed several strategic portfolio decisions over the past few 
years to sharpen our where-to-pla.y choices, notably aecelera.tlng this year. 
OZiva, our Health and Wellbeing brand in which we acquired a majority stake 
In Janua,y 2023, has since scaled up Its annual revenue n.in rate from Rs. 100 
crores to Rs. 400 crores. 
Last quarter, we announced the acquisition of 9059', stake in MinimaUsl As of 
21st April, the closing formalities have been completed. The business 
delivered a turnover exceeding Rs. soo crores In full year 24 - 25, and we are 
Looking forward to unlocking the next phase of growth with Minimalist now 
becoming a part of the larger HUL family. 
Divestment of Purelt was completed this year, unlocking wlue of circa Rs. 600 
crores. The demerger of Ice cream business Is progressing on track with 
regulatory requirements, and we expect It to be completed by the end of 
financial year 2026. 
In line with our stn::ltegy to strengthen business reslUence, we announced the 
acquisition of a palm undertaking from VlshwateJ OIL Industries Private 
Limited and announced our Investment In Lucro Plastecycle Private Limited. 
The former wlU aid our palm locaUzatlon strategy, while the latter Is a step 
forward towards developing flexible plastic clrculmtty. These wlue chain 
Integrations are long-term strategic decisions, designed to strengthen our 
Pagelof4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
RlluhTlwart: 
business and partake In our firm beUef of'What Is good for lndla Is good for 
HUL'. 
Before I conclude my prepared remarks, let me remind you of the strategic 
positioning of each of our business units. fftls here Is the essence of our 
company and our approach towards driving future growth. We are organized 
into four integrated business units, each with ci significant sccile and deep 
expertise, effectively balancing focus and scale to ensure sustained 
superiority and winning. 
With this, I will now hand over to Ritesh. 
Thank you, Ro hit, and good evening everyone. I will walk you through our In-
quarter and financial year performance In more detail before closing with our 
outlook. 
Rohlt spoke to you about FMCG consumpdon trends and commodity prtce 
shifts witnessed In the year. Similar consumption trends have persisted In the 
quarter as well 
As far as commodity prices go for the quarter, Tea, Coffee and Palm oil have 
witnessed a high Inflationary trend year-on-year, while Crude oil continued 
to remain deflationary. In this context, we delivered a competitive 
performance with an underlying sales growth of 39', driven by an underlying 
volume growth of 2!1l Calibrated price increases taken in Skin Cleansing and 
Beverages were Largely offset by price reducdon taken In Home care. 
Gross l'TKll'gin at 49.81' was Lower by 160 bps year-on-year. This contraction in 
gross margin was driven by commodity inflation in Palm oi~ Tea and Coffee 
that wasn't fully priced for. EBllDA margin remained healthy at 23.11', albeit 
Lower by 30 bps year-on year. Profit a.fter Tax before exceptional items and 
Profit after Tax. both grew at 4% led out of Interest Income on prior pertod tax 
adjustment benefiting the other Income line. 
coming to our segment-wise perfonnance for the quarter. Home care 
delivered another quarter of robust volume growth. Mid-single digit volume 
growth In the segment translated to a 3" USG as we continued to pass on the 
benefits of lower commodity prtces to our consumers and ensured 
compeddve pricing. Fabric Wash grew volumes In mid-single digit. led by 
Pagelof4D 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
outperformance In Surf Excel and Comfort. In our journey of continuous 
consumer upgradatlon to higher order benefits, we relaunched our Surf Excel 
Smart shots. With proprietary formulation and advanced stain removal 
benerit, we aim to deliver delightful experiences to Indian consumers. 
Household care delivered high single-digit volume growth. This was driven by 
strong double-digit growth In the liquids portfolio. 
Consistent martcet development actions and strcitegic expansion across price 
tiers and demand spaces in Home Care liquids resulted in this portfolio's UVCi 
growing s times faster than the rest of the portfollo. 
Beauty & Wellbeing delivered a use; of 3'6 in the quarter. Hair Care grew in 
double digits, Led by high single-digit uvc;. Clinic Plus, Sunsilk and 1RESemm6 
delivered double-digit growth. we continue to strengthen our market 
Leadership, widening our gap to the nearest competitor. Channels of the 
Future sustained Its strong double-digit growth trajectory. 
Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics declined In Low single digit primarily Led out 
of mass skin care performance. Roh It spoke to you about the Inputs that have 
gone Into Glow & Lovely during the year. We are already seeing sequential 
Improvement In the brand's performance and are confident that these 
actions will further Improve performance. 
Investments In the Channels of the Future, Including assortment, targeted 
digital media deployment and collaborative category development have 
yielded positive returns. We delivered strong competitive growth In Channels 
of the Future with circa. 4°" gross sales value growth on e-commerce. 
Backed by early success of our Vitamin C makeup range, we Launched 
Lakmt!'s Hya Matte range, another product extension on the sklnlflcatlon 
trend. We also extended our Ponds Hydra Mire1cle range with two new 
v<lriants that include e1ctive ingredients of Vitamin C and SCdicylic acid. 
With the onset of summer season, we strengthened our sun care range with 
multiple launches In Lakm6 and Vasellne. As pioneers In beauty, Lakm6 Is 
taking a proactive stance to drive awareness, encourage transparency and 
accountablUty In the SPF space. Through the recently Launched consumer 
awareness campaign, Independent clinical research showcases the efficacy 
Page10of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
of our SPF 50 claims. Lakm, has been conducdng SPF tests for over a decade, 
grounded In globally accepted scientific protomls. 
Personal Care grew 39' USG led by pricing, on a soft base. Skin cleansing 
delivered low slngl•dlglt growth. Last year, we spoke to you about four 
a.ct:ions that we initiated to improve category performance. We a.re pleased 
to observe growth momentum come back in this category. Non-hygiene 
segment saw an acceleration in performance with high single-digit growth 
and body wash continued its double-digit competitive growth trajectory. We 
have relaunched Lifebuoy In the quarter and are confident of seeing gradual 
recovery over the next few quarters. 
Oral Care grew in low single digits, Led by Closeup. Expanding our p~ in the 
premium segment, we launched the White Now Closeup range that works on 
patented technology to provide 10015 stain-free teeth. The launch was a 360-
degree social-first media deployment and our foray Into the premium plus 
segment. 
Foods turnover declined by 1% In the quarter. Low single-digit pricing was 
offset by volume decline. Tea witnessed an Improvement In sales trajectory, 
led by prtclng. As market leaders, we remain committed to our Journey of 
premlumlzlng this ca.tegory and have launched our herbal Infusion brand, 
Pukka In three flavors during the quarter. 
Coffee condnues to deliver double-digit growth driven by strong performance 
In Channels of the Future. Building on the success of our Bru cold coffee can, 
we recently Introduced cold coffee In tetm pack In South with plans for further 
expansion to drive accesslblUty for this format. 
Nutrtdon Drinks has decUned In the quarter led out of category headwinds 
and transltlonary Impact of pack price architecture changes landing with 
consumers. The next sUde wtU cover the performance of Nutrition Drinks In 
more detail 
Packaged Foods delivered mid-single-digit volume-led growth. Driven by 
market development actMtfes, our Market Makers portfolio continued to 
deliver strong double-digit volume growth. 
Page11 of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Ice cream had a quarter of double-digit volume-led growth. We had exciting 
launches In Ice cream this quarter to leverage the upcoming season, 
including Magnum Mini, Magnum Pistachio and Kwality Wall's Twister. We've 
also revamped our in-home business with a tiered portfolio structure, each 
with CL different role to play. 
Let me cover Nutrition Drinks performance in a bit more detail Over the last 
few years, we have been able to increase penetration by unlocking access 
while also strengthening market leadership. However, we have been unable 
to drfve consumption as overall cCLtegory witnessed a drop In average 
household consumption. As a result, the category and our portfoUo, both 
ha\111 decUned. We are taking acdons to address this category headwind and 
Improve perfonnance. 
As hlghUghtecl In our capital Martcets Day, drtvlng consumption ls key focus 
for us In this category. we discussed the pack price architecture adjustments 
we are lmplemendng to lncentlvlze consumption. We an!l reducing the price 
gap between sachets and big packs In order to accelerate the pack 
upgradatlon Journey of consumers. While all the changes have landed In the 
market, this was the first full quarter where consumers experienced the 
change. As the process of consumer price discovery is gradual, we are seeing 
some impact on account of this transition. As we gain a better understanding 
of consumer price and purchase Intent, we will further refine the price 
Incentive curve, If needed. 
Going forward, we will deploy three broad vectors to step up consumption 
and premiumize the ca.tegory. Number one, modernizing the core by 
enhancing nutritional benefits and relevance, to a.dapt to evolving consumer 
habits. Number two, Intensifying our efforts In specialist nutrttlon by 
Increasing condldon awareness, strengthening product claims and 
expanding our medical martcetlng coverage. Number three, expanding the 
strong equity of Boost to other regions and Into high-growth demand areas 
such as ready-to-drink formats. We anticipate that these combined actions 
will enhance consumption within this category. 
Moving on to a summary of our financial performance for this quarter. I have 
taken you through top line numbers, margins and explained the impact of 
Page12of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Interest on PPA on our other Income Une. Effective tax rate for the quarter was 
25.796 after taking Into consideration prior period tax adjustments. 
Coming to financial year results. Rohlt has already shared the headUne 
performance at the beginning of the presentation. Let me quickly recap the 
numbers. Underlying sales growth for the year was 296. EBITDA margin 
remained healthy at 23.59'. Profit after Tax at Rs. 10,644 crores grew 5'6 year-
on-year, led out of profit from divestment of Pureit business. Effective tax rate 
for the year was 25.6'6 o.fter taking into consideration prior period tax 
adjustments and Impact of capital gains tax on profit received from disposal 
of Puralt. Excluding this, ETR would be 26.496. 
Moving to segmental perfonnance for the financial year. Home Care 
delivered high single-digit WCi for the year, which translated to a use; of 5'6 
as we continued to pass on the benefits of deftatlonaiy commodity prices to 
our consumers. 
Beauty & Wellbeing grew USCi at 2", driven by volumes. While Hair care had 
a strong year, delivering competitive high-single digit growth, Skin Care 
performance was Impacted by mass skin care and delayed winter. 
Personal Care, specifically Skin Cleansing, witnessed commodity prices 
transition from deflation to Inflation over the course of the year. This, along 
with the subdued hygiene segment has resulted In <l USCi of -3% with a Low-
single digit decline In UVO. We have seen a gradual Improvement In growth 
momentum for non-hygiene segment of Skin Cleansing over the last quarter. 
Oral Care deUvered price-led growth. 
Foods tu mover WGS flat for the year with a low-single digit decline In volume. 
Robust performance In Coffee, Ice Cream Gnd Packaged Foods was lmp<1cted 
by performance In Nutrition Drinks. Tea continued to maintain Its market 
Leadership. 
Margins in all four segments remained healthy with Home Care at 19'6, 
Beauty & Wellbeing o.t 32", Personal care at 18'6 and Foods at 1896. 
Considering our perfonnance for the year, the Board of Directors have 
proposed a final dividend of Rs. 24 per share. Together with interim dividend 
Page1Jof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
lhllpcaKeclla; 
of Rs. 19 per share and a special dividend of Rs. 10 per share declared In 
October '24, the total dividend for this year Is Rs. 53 per share, which Is a 26')(, 
year-on-year increase inclusive of special dividend. Our balance sheet gives 
us the flexibility of rewarding our shareholders with a steady stream of 
dividends reflected In our consistent dMdend payout rcLtlo of over 90% In the 
last decade. 
Moving to our near to midterm outlook. We expect growth trends to gradually 
improve as a result of our accelerated portfolio transforma.tion a.ctions and 
Improving underlying macro conditions. Macro conditions will benefit from 
moneta,y stimulus, tax relief, lower food and crude Inflation and higher 
agrtcultural output. In this context, we expect fir.st half of financial year '26 to 
be better than second half of financial year '25. 
If commodities remain where they are, we expect price growth to be In Low-
single digit range. Commodity deflation In parts of the portfoUo will largely 
offset Inflation In others. Gross margin Is expected to moderate further due to 
commodity Inflation and our continued commitment to provide consumers 
with the right price value equation. 
We will step up Investments behind our multlyear market making platforms. 
Channels for the Future and strategic capabilities to successfully land our 
portfolio transformation. As a result, we expect EBITDA to be maintained In 
the range of 22')(, to 2396. We believe this is the right time to step up 
investments as we chart the future course of growth for the company in the 
backdrop of portfolio transformation a.ctions and improving macro 
environment With this, we conclude our prepa.red remarks, and we will now 
hand it back to Shilpa to commence the Q&A session. 
Thank you, Rohit and Ritesh. With this, we will now move to the Q&A session. 
We request you to kind!¥ restrict the number of questions to a maximum of 
two at a time. In case you have any further questions, please Join the queue 
again. In addition to the audio, our participants have an option to post the 
questions through the web option on your screen. If there are any 
unanswered questions. we will take them at the end. 
With that, I would Uke to hand the call back to you Neerav to manage the next 
session for us. 
Page1,of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Modarcdor: 
Rlluhnwut: 
Avis 
Thank you very much. First question Is from the line of Avl from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
See, I just wanted to understand this EBl1DA margin guidance a little better. 
We've moderated It by almost about 100 basis points despite moderation In 
key commodities like crude, palm oi~ which suggests there is a sharp 
adjustment in the price value equation versus, say, what you were discussing 
Last quarter. Could you A. explain if that understanding is correct? And B. 
which are the segments where this adjustment is done beco.use your stra.tegic 
position does not suggest any particular segment So, I would love to hear 
your thoughts on this, please. 
Yes. Thanks, Avi. so, the entire EBITDA change that we intend to do, which is 
basically moving from the lower end of the 23,r. - 24'6 range, which we had 
mentioned In the previous quarter to 22% - 23%, Is essentially not prtce versus 
cost adjustment. The Intention behind this change ls to dial up Investments 
across all the lines of the P&L We have mentioned that at this point In time, 
there are two things which are happening. A. there are Improving 
macroeconomic conditions, which will augur well for demand conditions.And 
B. the amount of portfolio tra.nsfonnatlon that we are ready with, to put 
investments behind, both put together, in our view, now is the right time to 
dial-up investments. 
SO, this 100 bps of EBITDA, let me say, from 23.1 % that we have, if a.ta.II you go 
back to the range of 22')(, to 23%, will mean more investments in trade 
channels, it will mean more investments for product quality investments, it 
will mean more investments in A&P, it will also mean more investments in the 
'other expenses' line of the expense line of the P&L, which is where we end up 
accounting for Innovation costs like brand dewslopment, like market 
research. So, It Is across all the lines of the P&L, where we'll end up Investing 
for this EBITDA to end up dialing up growth. In terms of product segment, Avl, 
this Is again broad-based, but between all the segments more dialed up to 
Beauty & Wellbeing. 
Okay. More In Beauty & Wellbeing. but the gross margin and the product 
quality Is going to be primarily over there as well? Or Is It the other segments 
as wel~ especially - so okay, let me be dire~ Is there any Increase In price-
based competition in laundry, something that we saw a. few deca.des back, 
Page15of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Rlluhffwart: 
which we should be worried about, and that could be the reason for this 
correction? 
Okay. So let me clarify. This EBllDA margin guidance change has nothing to 
do with Home Care pricing and price value equa.tion. So that's number one. 
Number two, the reason we commented Avl that gross margin will see 
moderation because of the prtce value equation difference -this ls normal to 
happen. Remember, the pricing logic that we always follow - Whenever we 
see Inflation, In this case, read Inflation of Tea, Coffee and CPO, which Is 
Crude palm oil Impacting Skin Cleansing and Beauty & Wellbeing. We always 
take price Increase In smaller chunks, so that we're able to test the levels of 
price Inflation we need to do In correlation to commodity lnflcitlon. So you 
always end up having a deficit of price versus cost in inflationary categories 
for inflationary commodities. Parallelly, on the other side where commodities 
have a deflationary trend like Crude oil. there we take larger chunks of price 
decrease so that we're able to pass on bulk of the benefit In a quick manner 
to the consumers because we know that when you decrease price In a smaller 
chunk, you do have an Impact of trade stock getting stuck when you end up 
making multiple price downs. Price-ups are easy to flew Into the trade, prtce 
downs are not easy to flow Into the trade. 
So, this mechanism of Inflation - deflation, whenever It happens In any 
quarter, will always lead to a price versus cost Impact, and which Is why we 
mentioned that gross margin will end up seeing moderation. But will the 
entire amount of EBITDA change go Into price versus cost and gross margin 
line? The answer Is no. 
I did mention there are other elements of costs which get lncurTed In the Une 
of gross margin, be It trade Investments, which are above the line, which 
ultimately comes in gross margin, or product quality investment, which also 
comes in gross margin. So those investments will happen in the line of gross 
margin as well. which is one more reason why we mentioned that there will 
be moderation in gross ma.rgin. 
Take an example, Avl. We have Increased 400 bps of weighted value 
distribution. And this is in general trade, basically largely. And when you 
increase weighted value distribution, you increase your effort, which you do 
in distribution and of course, there's a cost to incur this effort. The cost gets 
Page1fiof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
llohltJawa: 
channeled through trade spends to our customers, and ultimately gets 
reflected In top line and In gross margin. So that's one of the examples why 
there are elements beyond price versus cost that happens. 
And last, to conclude your starting question on Home Care, our pricing always 
has been - we react to commodity and we do our price changes to maintain 
competitive price value equation responding to change in commodity. 
As market leaders, we always lead commodity trend-led price Increase. When 
we see signals In 1he market on pricing, which are not linked to commodity 
movements, we follow. 
If I may - Avl, tf I may zoom out a Uttle bit to give another perspective to this 
discussion. We feel two things quite strongly. We think that on macro, the 
triggers are tending/ biasing towards positive now. For instance, all of the 
monetary changes on inteA!st rates, the tax relief, 1he crude oil and, 
therefore, Impacting cost of Uvlng, generally speaking, coming down, the 
strong robust monsoon, Including projected monsoon, the agrtculture 
output. the resilient growth In rural where we haw a higher market share as 
It happens, are all giving us a sense of a prognosis of a stronger market 
demand In the next few quarters to come. 
we also feel very confident Internally on what we'Ve done around our core 
business. We have revamped most of our core brands, that's on the half of our 
business, Including the ones that we had some wortc to be done Uke Glow & 
Lovely and Ufebuoy. We have very materially transfonned our portfolio 
towards Future Core. We are now Innovating quite Intensively. We've also 
ensured that the price, quality and margin equation of our price-sensitive 
ca.tegories and brands are optimized and are absolutely in the sweet spot 
So, we feel that our business Is very much lnvestable. We have got the right 
capabilities, the business unit structure, we have got the right Leadership. So, 
we feel this is the time for us to Lean in. So, we want to not be defensive. We 
want to be offensive. So, we want to play to win. And therefore, for the next 
few quarters, one or two at least we want to Lean in with investments in the 
Channels of the Future, In all of these Innovations, many of the new brands 
Page17of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
ModeNdon 
AIHIHah Ro,: 
RohlUcawa: 
that we're launching and aU of this means we want to basically look at growth 
first and EBITDA secondarily for at least the near term. 
And given that our EBITDA, even at 22" to 239' levels Is still very much healthy. 
It's In the very much top quartile of the CPG Industry In India, and we feel very 
confident that with leveruge, assuming we're able to do more than we expect 
in growth, this could easily flow back and we'd be back in a virtuous cycle. 
So this Is our lean In. It's our position to play to win. And that's the spirit of what 
we/re trying to do. ls there a price versus cost battle In a certain category? Yes. 
And that, by the way, is not - it's stiU not ci very Large part of our Home Care 
business, and we are, of course, they're going to unblinkingly defend and, in 
fact, go a step further. 
So, I think that's just to give you the mood and temperciture of how we look at 
the business today, which is in a stronger optimistic Lens. And we do see the 
future 6 months are gradually improving, and therefore, we want to actually 
playtowln. 
Next question is flvm the line of Abneesh Roy flvm Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Plecise go ahead. 
I have two quick questions. First Is on the Horllcks portfolio. You did mention 
on the pricing structure rejig. So, could this lead to a lower gross margin and 
lower EBITDA margin in this part of the business? And is that also linked to 
your slightly Lower EBllDA margin outlook? And second wlU be on the 
sunscreen category where I think clearty, with heat waves recurring In lndla 
now fNery year on the higher side, It's a good category to play. 
If you could mention the Last few years, how has been your performance 
versus the overall market in sunscreen and your aggression and the recent 
spat with the D2C player, how do you see the benefits coming for HUL from 
this? That's the question. 
on Nutrition Drtnks, no, I don't think. and Rltesh can vaUdate this. The plan 
that we have, In fact, on Nutrition, Just to zoom out first before zooming In on 
the question on EBITDA. The co.tegory Is quite proflto.ble. we are, as you know, 
quite large In that category, particularly anchored In South and East. 
Page1Iof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Allnnah Ro,: 
RohlUawa: 
S years now since we owned the brand, from 2020, we have done weU on 
penetration growth, In certainly the regions where we are the leaders. We 
have done very well in market shares. We've gained distribution expansion. 
We've driven immense amount of cost synergies. Profitability is strong as a 
percentage. What we haven't done well Is In drMng the category 
consumption. There are reasons for that 
We have addressed them thn,ugh proposition, pack and other actions. But 
what we now have done with exhaustive deep analysis is tho.t we now need 
to focus on three very specific actions, as Rltesh mentioned. Number one, we 
ha\111 to revitalize Hortlcks, which Is about making It more contemporary, more 
modem, more relevant ta toda.y's needs, altamatlves that mothers and kids 
have and pressing on the triggers of Nutrition and address the barriers of 
health and credibility. 
we are second, going ta also double down on our Adult Nutrition business, 
It's Rs. 500 crores, big headspace to grow. We think we can do a better Job 
there by doubling medical marketing, Investing more In chemists, revamping 
and refocusing on high-growth parts of that portfoUo. 
And number three, essentially Is Boost. secret of our energy. Boost Is a great 
brand, chocolate, but also It's more about an energy brand. And we see levers 
of growth In both, formats like ready-to-drink format. where we have a 
p!Vduct that works very wel~ but also in geographical expansion. And what 
wf!re now doing is doubling down to essentially make this happen so that we 
can drive the consumption of the category because it will also benefit us 
indirectly. 
So that's the job we are doing. The Issue Is the margins Is not the problem 
there, we will invest more and we've got good head space to invest So that's 
my response on the Nutrition Drinks. Abneesh, I hope that's clear. 
Yes, tha.t's clear. 
On sunscreen. Sunscreen is a category of the future. It has got very low urban 
penetration. It's only 3-odd percent. But India is a market where W index is 
high, which means that there's an underserved need. There are two kinds of 
W rays that are harmful - WA and WB. Particularly when It comes to UVA, 
which Is basically causes aging on the skin, and B Is bumlng. These kind of 
Page11of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Moderoton 
AmuMltra: 
llllull Tlwuts 
damages can be prevented. Most Indians need It. And It's a category that has 
got a high value per gram. It's therefore a premium category. It's very onllne 
focused at this point. It's not that small, but also not very large. The category 
is growing at~ 
In fact. Last 3 years CAC.R is 60'6. so, ifs a very attfQc:tive 
ca.tegory, high margin, high value to play In. But Importantly, we, as market 
leaders In skin care, want to grow this category. And the first step for us Is to 
make sure we educa.te the consumers, make them aware of the SPF and PA 
ratings and how they must buy credible products that deliver what they claim. 
And what we're now doing Is essendaUy just spreading that awareness of 
accuracy and accountability to the market participants and also advocating 
for standards to be set In this Industry and using the most gold standard 
testing to essentially validate that. 
That is really our mission. And in that. the alSe that we speak to is sub-judice, 
so I don't want to speak about that. we have got the lntertm order where we 
are continuing with the campaign with some modifications. But the larger 
mission Is for us to grow the category and 1:D make consumers more aware of 
what they're buying, how to Judge good products and eventually products 
that deliver what they claim. That's really our mission there. 
Next question Is from the Une of Arnab Mitra. from Goldman Sachs. 
My first quffllon was on your comment that you expect the macro 
environment to lead to a gradual Improvement In demand. So, In terms of 
timing, do you think we are there where we are already seeing some 
Improvement In demand, and therefore, this Is not Into the future and more 
here and now? 
And I know you've given the MAT Nielsen data. which Is obviously a 12-month 
average data. Is there anything In the data that Is Indicating or suggesting to 
you that there Is some pickup, which ls already starting to happen In the 
overall FMCG market and also In your own business? 
Thanks,Arnab.Amab,ourcommentonmac:roandCl.lsolntemallsmoreUnked 
to neartD midterm outlook. which you can read as next couple of quarters. So 
we are not talking In future, we're talking baslc:aUy June quarter and 
September quarter where we would see Improvement In the growth 
trajectory. And let me just again recap why we say that. There were two 
PageZDof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
elements to our Improving guidance going forward for first half of financial 
year'26. 
Number one, external macro. We know that there are no new headwinds that 
we have to deal with at this point In time that we're aware of. So thats again 
a good news. Oiven where the climate has been for consumption, which is 
subdued, it's good to be in a. space that there a.re no new hea.dwinds tha.t 
should bedea.ltwith. 
Then If I look at overall continued good agriculture outcome, that wlU support 
rural growth. We know we ha.ve a. good kha.rif, we had a. good rabi a.s a. 
country, and there's a. good expecb:ltion of o. nom,al monsoon for this year o.s 
well. So tho.rs one area which we are encouraged to read with. 
Second, the monetary and the tax relief - it will support growth, urban and 
beyond.And third, the lower food inflation, which wa.s one of the pa.infularea. 
for consumption. We know that the food inflation ha.s improved, and it's much 
lower a number now, compared to what It was at the peak. And broadly, there 
Is a commodity deflation of large commodities Uke crude oil It wll~ again, 
augur weU In tam,s of overall consumption. 
So, if I add all these elements, these signals are here and now signals. And 
hence, we do believe that over the next 6 months' time, this should augur weU 
In terms of overaU macroeconomic outlook to look better. 
To add to that, the second conversation, which Is why we ho.ve given our 
outlook, Is an lntemal conversation. This Is ba.slcally the Job that we have 
done with our portfolio and the confidence that we have that the actions that 
we have done for portfaUo transformation, If Invested back at this point In 
time, It will augur well for growth. Be 1t stronger core with the relaunch of 
Lifebuoy and CAL, or be for that matter, the portfoUo transformation we have 
done using all the four vectors, expanding brands Into more segments, 
launching new brands, bringing brands from the stable of Unilever or doing 
bolt-on acquisitions. AU four put together, we have a. stronger portfolio 
leaning in from June quarter onwards. 
We have also dialed up on our portfaUo Innovation Intensity. That will mean 
investment. but that wiU also mean more positive impa.ct in terms of growth 
PageZ1 of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Amabllltna: 
llltull Tlwarta 
ModeNlton 
Jltmdra Arora: 
lllltull Ttwart: 
trajectory. Last but not the least, we spoke about how 8°" of our business Is 
superior on the unmissable brand superiority scores compared to eyeball 
competition. So this is a very clear case for investment and hence both 
intemcd and external components put together, we believe that June quarter 
- September quarter should be better than what the last couple of quarters 
have been. 
And my second question was, again, actually on the EBITDA margin. So I 
completely get where you're coming from that you want to be aggressive and 
get growth going. And I think most people would agree that's a good thing 
for HUL to do. But Just on the context that In the past, we have had this 
aspiration of a. modest margin expansion over the medium term. 
so, when we say we are 22:%-23'16, does It mean -could It be <1 couple of years 
or 2 - 3 years where you remain In this low margin range, because It's a big 
company, It would require time to get things going fully? Or Is this more of a 
short-term 2-3 quarter phenomenon and then we could get back to a modest 
expansion? Just wanted your thoughts on how you think about tho.t medium-
term historical aspiration thatwe have had? 
No, Arnab, I'm glad you asked this quesdon, and let me spend some dme 
clarifying It. So. the guidance that we've given of 22" • 239' Is more near to 
midterm. So please read 2 - 3 quarters. Our long-term Intention of drtvlng 
modest margin improvement, that does not change. In fa.ct, I do believe, 
a.gain, everything else being equal, if commodity price trends in the market 
are not vaguely off compared to what we see today, there is no reason why in 
the later part of the financial year we"ll start seeing margins improving. So our 
guidance of investment is more here and now for the next 2 to 3 quarters. 
Next question is from the Une of Jitendra Arora from ICICI PNdential 
Actually, I just wanted to understand the segments where the price value 
equation needs to be conected. That's already been answered. Thank you. 
Thanks, Jltenclra. So, If I Just quickly run through the four segments. Home 
Care, no further corrections to be done. All price actions that we have to do In 
response to commodity price change or for that matter, In response to any 
competitive Clctions, we have already deployed. You will see continued 
PageZ2of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
ModeNtor: 
Amltllldldava: 
Rolllt.lllwm 
Impact of that In the P&L wherein, let me say, for the Immediate next quarter 
or two, there will be a negative UPCi In Home Care segment. 
Beauty & Wellbeing not much of an Impact. Overall, there are some 
headwinds In tenns of commodity coming from Crude palm ol~ but I think It's 
square and there. 
Foods business, Tea Is a place where overall commodity has Inflated by-209' 
In last financial year. We will know further In month of May and June, what Is 
the new commodity outlook for Tea looks Uke. For now, we did not price the 
peak of inffa.tion, neither for Tea, neither for Coffee. So, there is some element 
of price versus cost hurt. which will happen in the P&L for the next couple of 
quarters. 
And when it comes to Personal Care, a.gain, the sa.me concept I wa.s talking 
to Avi earlier. We ha.ve not priced to the peak of inflation. If commodity of 
Crude palm oil remains firm, we will a.ppropriately do pricing actions for the 
next couple of quarters to ensure that we start bridging the gap of pttce 
versus costs In skin cleansing. 
Next question is from the line of Amit Sachdeva from UBS Ciroup. 
Just a. couple of questions. My question Is on skin care. Clearly, this ls a 
segment which has been a drag for a. while. And obviously, mass segment 
where you have struggled, and there is some portfolio gaps to be bridged. 
And I learned that you ho.ve been In the past been doing significant wortc on 
the Cilow & Lovely space, broadening the SKU range and benefit spaces and 
also some part of the masstlge as well 
so, given that work is going in right now, can you sort of give us a bit of 
guidance when we start to seethe impactofthework that you're doing in Skin 
Care, In terms of real revenue growth, Is It going to be Q3 onwards or Q2? Do 
you have any time Une for that sort of revival of growth In the Skin Care? I 
mean. how do we expect that action to sort of translate Into, especially on 
the skin care side. If you could give some guidance, the work you have done 
and how It Is going to sort of show It In numbers? 
Yes, so let me Just take you Into the engine of skin care, Just so that you get 
the color on this one. First of al~ In Skin Care, which Is on Hair Care, which Is 
PageZJof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
the other part of our Beauty & Wellbeing business, we're going from strength 
to strength. And so I won't talk about that. We are at the highest market 
shares there, etcetera. 
Coming to Skin Care, which ls an equally large segment, highly profitable. We 
are 4 times rela.tive market share, very attractive category for, of course, 
obvious reasons, big and with Lots of upside in the future. For us, the job here 
wasthatoftra.nsforma.tion and to shape the beauty ecosystem of the country. 
What we've done here Is and let me tel1 you a few points that are essentiaUy-
s we're just taking a slightly mom-out view on this one and not just 1 quarter. 
so, over the Last 4 quarters or so, we have managed to build o. fast-growth 
Market Makers portfolio of almost Rs. 2,000 crores that is growing well in 
double digits. And this could be a small digital first company by Itself and 
growing even higher numbers In e-commerce. 
Secondly, we are monitoring channels of the future and e-<ommerce where 
we are already growing and gaining share. Our big drag Is In the space of 
mass skin or mass part of the portfoUo. The main heart of the Issue there Is 
Glow & Lovely, which Is In the brtghtenlng segment, where we have very high 
share. We are a donor In that sense to all of these upgradatlons. 
And what we have done there Is to have revamped Glow & Lovely by two 
major moves. One Is the Core because tho.t·s the bulk of the business. That 
relaunch has Just gone In now. It's a big shl~ We have addressed every 
element of the mix. We have upgraded the sensorlals, which Is a huge thing 
to do In our Clow & Lovely, In certain parts of the business to make It more 
contemporary to today's consumer. 
We have renovated the proposition, completely elevated It to skin 
brightening. We upgruded the packaging. We're Investing materially Into the 
social and modern media, which consumers are using to seek skin care 
products. We see two things happening on the Core. One, our brand power is 
already beginning to improve. 
We have also started to sequentially see Improvement In Clow & Lovely 
growth. SO, we expect, going forward, that should strengthen. And at least we 
should start gaining share even though it will be in a slower growth segment. 
Page Zil of 40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Amltlaclldavm 
We also launched a Core plus variant called Glass Bright, which Is doing quite 
well I'd love for It to be Rs. 100 crores variant by itself. So, It could be like 
Launching a new brand itself, even though ifs only less than a year old. 
So, on Glow & Lovely, If It comes back to health and starts to grow, which we 
hope, then that will be a big deal as well Finally, on portfolio transformation 
because we had a portfolio with -we were not there in the masstige segment. 
We have, of course, acquired Minimalist. It's already Rs. 500 crores and 
growing. On the wellbeing side, we ha.ve got Oliva. which Is also Rs. 400 
crores CARR) and growing. Wf!ve got Liquid I.V., just Launching into the market. 
So, on the masstige side, we've got three new brand entries either acquired 
or newly Launched, that should start clicking in growth. 
We've also taken two of our big brands, Ponds and Lakmi and have extended 
them into aU new demand spaces and formats. Whatever is happening, latest 
in the world, these brands are offering and so is Vaseline. So, I think what we 
have done here Is, rm Just sharing with you Is that we are going au In 
structurally to make this a strong end-to-end category. 
I've not even spoken about Prestige, which we want to enter sometime during 
the year. So, we feel that we are now building a really strong beauty company. 
And progressively, we'll start to see growth when the drags of the mass will 
go away and the acceleration of the Future Core and the new Market Makers 
and acquired brands will start to clock In on our top Une. So yeah, that's 
basically how we're looking at this business. We're aggressive here. We want 
to really keep Investing In It to grow It both structurally and materially. 
Thanks so much Roh It, for a very detailed plan on the skin side, and I wish you 
all the best with that. My second quick question for Rltesh Is that basically, 
margin guidance of 22" - 239', as you said, that Is for 2 - 3 quarters, It's not 
Like full year. But I assume that In this, you have not assumed any operating 
Leverage kind of play out, revenue growth continues to be Lackluster in the 
near term, and ma,gins are obviously a. funnel m,m operating leverage as 
well 
So as for example, If I were to assume volume growth builds up, say, In the 
second half when the base effects are also there and some drags are no 
PageZ5of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
ltlluhTlwart: 
Modarator: 
,SC,Pantllalds 
Modarator: 
J-Doahl: 
ltlluh Tlwart: 
longer there, do you see operating leverage then helping out In the second 
halt? Should we see that 22'fl - 23" really first half guidance and second half 
bCISed on how opera.ting leverage pay out. the margin trajectory could be 
different? or do you see that it is too early to sort of think like that? 
See, Amit, a.gain, a good question, and let's spend some time talking about 
it. Every 1" delta growth will end up giving 40 to SO bps operating leverage. 
The assumption that we have made for the next couple of quarters, we will 
invest buck the operating levera.ge. so, the number which you see there is net. 
You did see our guidance that we expect to see Improvement In our growth 
momentum In first half of the fiscal compared to the last half of the flseal 
And that improvement in growth momentum should give more operating 
levere1.ge, and we should be able to plough that back In tenns of Investment 
In the business. SO that's the financial growth model for the next couple of 
quarters. And the point I was responding eartler to Amab that ofter Cl. few 
quarters once we start seeing a continued trajectory of Improvement. then 
time will come for us and we'll have space In the P&L then to start dropping 
the operating leverage Into the P&L In terms of profitability. 
And which Is why I mentioned that this 22%- 23% position ls more for the next 
few quarters. 2 - 3 quarters. And again, everything else being equal, If 
commodity prices are In the same domain space that they are now, we should 
start seeing margins to improve from this band in the Later half of the fiscal 
Next question ls from the Une of Percy Panthakl from IIFL Securities. 
My questions have been answered. 
The next question comes from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak Mahindra 
Bank. 
Your outlook of moclera.tion in gross margin, are you factoring in the current 
RM prices of crude and palm? or is this ba.sed on the prices that were Last 
quarter or a month ago? 
Jay, we are factoring the current Landscape of the pricing. So, if I look at the 
current spot price in the future covers of these commodity trends, they have 
been factored into the moclera.tion expectation. As I mentioned, if that 
PageZfiof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
JayDNhl: 
U..hffwart: 
changes, then, of course, we'll come to new reaUty. But today, we're t.aklng the 
spot and the future covers. 
In that case, you have tailwinds from lower Crude price and lower Palm price. 
What would you - are you planning to sort of retain any of that benefit? Or 
would you - so on one side, you are indicating possible increases in personal 
wash prices, but with the way palm oil prices have corrected, do you still think 
there is a reason to sort of increase price? Or would you consider reducing 
prices there? 
Yes. So, the way I mentioned to Avi, Jay, earlier, first of all, whenever the prices 
go up of commodity, we don't price to the peak of infta.tion. We always t.ake 
in small hike the price increases. And once we're full¥ convinced at the levels 
at which commodities are stablUzlng, then we know that we can fully plan out 
the price versus cost dynamics In that space. 
So hence, we have some space more to go in tenns of pricing to the peak of 
Inflation. And to the extent this does not happen, we have a gap. So, we don't 
end up pricing to that So, there's no need for con-ectlon of the prices. So, for 
example, to make It real, Palm oil went to as high as $1,150. We never prtced 
to $1,150. So now today, when we sit cit $980 or$950, there's no need for us to 
adjust for that $200 because we started with $750 up and we start moving up. 
So that's one. 
Second, as I was answering earUer, the gross margin moderation Is not only 
on account of price versus cost. To some extent In Tea. as we mentioned that 
and Coffee, we have not priced to the peak of Inflation and there Is the price 
versus cost hurt, which Is In the P&L Overall, that nets off with the amount of 
changes we have done. As I mentioned that whenever prices go down, In 
tenns of deflation, we pa.ss on in large chunks prices back to consumers, 
because you never want to do that in sma.ller chunks and then get stuck with 
trade Inventory. 
So you're always in a scenario when there is a net infla.tion or a contra 
between inflation and deflation - deflation is fully priced out, inflation is not 
fully priced in. And hence, you do have a momentary price versus cost gap. 
But the part of gross margin Is th<lt one reallty of prtce versus cost, but also 
the portions I was explaining eartler that In gross margin sits Investments for 
Page27of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
MDdarator: 
SIIHlallatlll: 
Rohlt.klwa: 
IIIHla llatllll 
product for Innovation, for product Improvement. In gross margin sits the 
Impact of channel Investments which Impacts top Une and, of course, flows 
into gross margin. so, there are those elements of investments as well. which 
sits in gross margin. 
Next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Thanks for taking my question. Just one question, good to hear about the 
pursuit for growth over margins. So, the question Is that what are the 
signposts which we will be seeking to understand that this strategy Is 
working? Will it be on the volume growth side or will it be on the market share 
side? 
Because I think Ritesh did call out that It's next two to three quarters where we 
are guiding for these margins to be a.t these levels. But I don't want to go into 
that conversation, but just to understand where we see this growth algo, 
when does it come ba.ck for us and what a.re we looking for? 
Our focus is on volume-led competitive growth. And if you look back over the 
Last four quarters, we ha.ve stepped up our absolute unit volume growth. 
some oftha.t hCLS got diluted by the mix. But actually, we are selling more units 
to more consumers in the Last four quarters. Tha.t is also the reason why our 
competitiveness has Improved. we have now been In the fourth year of 
competitive tumover weighted market share growth. 
we would Uke to keep doing that we would like to keep Increasing market 
share, mainly led by volume. And our Intention here Is to use the opportunity 
of a combination of potentially good macro or Improving macros for 
consumption and a stronger lntemal capability and a portfoUo pla.y, to Invest, 
to play to win, to grow, to build that momentum further. 
And given tha.twe have so many new Innovations and new products to Invest, 
we llke to glw: them the best foot forward. And that's why we would llke In the 
next one or two quarters to have tha.t wherewithal And therefore, the short 
answer to your question, It's volume-led, that's really going to be the rubric or 
the algo, as you mentioned. 
Gcod to hear that, Rohlt And one Just quick follcw-up. Now given thera Is a 
higher possibility of macro coming back, and lfwe look at the growth pattems 
PageZlof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
ltohltJawa: 
for each segment last year, Home Care did very well. whereas Personal Care 
was on the weaker side. Do we expect this to turn In terms of Personal Care 
coming back much faster for us because the macro tums and the growth 
could be muc:h higher? 
Yes. I think firstly, I just wanted to start with EBITDA, by the way, at 2296 - 2396, 
which is our near-term guidance at this point, we are still very much on the 
top of the table. And as you said, if growth is higher, the operating Levercige 
«an play back, andthisisofthetwosidesoftheequation. something we know 
very well to do. we have a full-on c:ost efficiency program called Symphony. 
We are looking at eveiy penny. So, we are veiy frugal by the way. So that Is 
very much our ROI. So, we are able to control that line very effectively. What 
we Uke now, as I said, Is to be growth first. given that we feel that there could 
be a resonance In return In the market In this particular time. And therefore, 
It's an opportune time. 
Coming to your question on the portfolio Home Care, solid as ever. Steady 
Eddie continues to grow, a big business for us under 4096. Personal Care, also, 
we see signs of improvement. AIL the work we have done around Dove, Pears, 
Lux and Ufebuoy, now recently, plus the work in bodywash liquids, even our 
Closeup brand, all of that, I think we feel good about that 
Beauty & Wellbeing, I just spoke to you just a moment back. Hair is growing 
strength to strength. Skin care, we're putting In a lot of structural efforts and 
Investments to grow. 
On Foods also, Tea I think as our price quality margin equation is optimized, 
we start to see good trends, already on a good portfolio, which is premium 
heavy. Consumer PClckaged Foods, Kissan, big brand, doing well We will 
stretch It. Its a brand that can serve a Lot of lndlan cuisine cooking as mini 
meals and condiments. And on one Job challenge we have Is mainly Nutrition 
Drtnks, Hortlcks. Maybe a little bit of Boost. but mostly HorUcks, that's what we 
need to really address. So generally speaking, we do see across our portfoUo, 
lnvestablllty Is good. Teams are well settled. So, we want to go and pla.y the 
ball to win. 
If I may add, Sheela, a. couple of more elements to what Rohlt mentioned. 
There's also an underpinning thinking tha.t we have shared at length that 
there are two ways we see the portfolio. Of course, we see the portfolio from 
PageZtof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Moderoton 
KunalYora 
llltull Ttwarl: 
a category stroke segment lens, but we also see the portfolio from Its 
evolution to Core, Future Core and Market Maker. So, If were to give another 
take to the way we are going to do this investment. investments will be more 
dialed up to Future Core and Market Makers portfolio. 
Today, we have a Rs. 7,000crores portfolio which sits in Market Maker across 
all the four segments that we have. This part of the business, which is Market 
Maker, is alRady growing in good, strong double digits. So, idea would be to 
invest behind Market Makers and continue to grow that business. Equally dial 
up further Future Core. This Is where we helve dialed up Innovation Intensity. 
We are competing hard. We are gaining value and volume market share, and 
we want to further accelerate Investments to get more ratums from that port 
of the portfoUo. So hence, underpinning all of this also Is a sharper dynamic 
resource allocation as well that goes Into the mix. 
Next question ls from line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. First one Is the new Unilever CEO In a recent 
Interaction mentioned that quick commerce In lndla Is about 29' and could 
become 109' to 15'6 In 3-4 years. He also hinted that quick commerce margins 
might be sUghtly lower. So, does It have anything to do with your margin 
guidance? And can you share your thoughts on how you see quick commerce 
potential In the margins? 
Let me get margin out of the way, then I will then hand over to Rohlt to talk 
about overall quick commerce and growth In channel So no, quick commerce 
growth Is not the reason for EBITDA margin guidance. A, quick commerce Is 
roughly 29' of the business, so It doesn't have that much Impact In terms of 
overall contribution. But also let me remind you that overall organized trade 
margins for us are better than general trade. And the reason organized trade 
margins are better than general trade is essentially because the portfolio 
that we sell In organized trade be It modern trade, be It e-commerce within 
that quick commerce, these are premium parts of the portfolio. By and large 
the Future Core, Market Maker, sits In a pretty good way In organized trade. 
So, this Is a margln-accretlve organized trade channel So, It only augurs well 
for us In tenns of overall tailwind when we end up growing ahead of the 
business, that positive mix of margin comes In. WeU, let me hand over to Rohlt. 
Page30of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
RohlUcawa: 
KunCllYorca: 
Just to take a leaf from your comment on Fernando. Fernando Fernandez, our 
new Cilobal CEO, Is very buUTsh on India. He thinks very well of operational 
excellence of HUL and really wants to build India as one of his top two anchor 
markets along with the U.S. in the future. So, I think we are really fortunate to 
have him lead Unilever at this time. And his view on e-commerce, cand It's not 
surpttslng given that e-commerce has been growing faster. I think we are at 
about 7'l6-8" e-commerce contttbutlon or thereabouts growing, of course, 
faster than the average of our total business. And would that go to 15,r, In the 
next few years, It's Ukely. So, I think It's not q-com alone that would get that 
far, but It will be probably a combination of all of our pods. 
Coming down to q-com. Q-com is about 2,r, or one-third of our e-commerce 
business at this point, is relatively small but growing extremelyfasL Shoppers 
shop omni-channel, they shop for different needs at different points for 
different things. So, they may use quick commerce for buying something of 
convenience or a last-minute thought or even a beauty product and may use 
the klrana store to pick something up on the wo.y or may use an e-commerce 
to buy a monthly purchase. They may walk Into a DMart or Reliance to buy 
their monthly pantry. 
So, the point Is that they shop In every place. we, as <l company, must serve 
our consumers In all the shopping missions. and quick commerce Is cleart.y a 
shopping mission that certainly In the big cities, top 8 cities and even beyond, 
has got a good product market fit. We have a very much of a differentiated 
assortment and portfolio design on It. So, we sell a very discrete portfolio that 
Is either different by way of sizing, pricing or even brands. And we are, at this 
point. making sure that we win in that channel, too. 
So, we have doubled our assortment, increased our availability, are investing 
basically to serve that consumer shopper need. But ifs still, as I said, one-third 
of our e-commerce business, which is only about 7'6-8" at this point. 
although growing fast So, this hopefully gives you CL pretty good 
understanding of this particularGrea. 
Sure. Thafs very comprehensive. Second one was on your Capital Markets 
Day, you had laid out aspiration to report double-digit earnings growth. In FY 
'24 and '25, we did not see that And considering that there could be some 
Page31 of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
ltlluhTlwart: 
margin weakness In FV '26, It might be challenging to report double-digit 
earnings growth In FV '26 as well So, when do you expect earnings growth to 
get into double digits? 
Yes. So Kunal, when we had spoken about It In the Capital Markets Da.y, It was 
more of a medium-to long-term statement that our entire ASPIRE strategy to 
unlock a billion aspirations will end up delivering double-digit EPS growth, 
and that will be growth led is what we had mentioned, and there will be a 
contribution of modest margin improvement that will add to the delivery of 
the EPS growth of double digit. 
It was not for a here and now for the year. So, we remain committed to that 
ambition, and we do believe that once we deploy the full ASPIRE strategy, we 
should be able to deliver a double-digit EPS growth and that will be growth 
led. For that to be true, a few things have to happen, and this Is exactly the 
path that we are at EPS growth, there are lots of ups and downs put together 
for financial year, ~25. we grew our EPS at 59'. 
And If I have to see a path In the next few years for this to be tl\le, first of al~ 
the FMC<l martcet growth today, where It Is, It will have to Improve. And we do 
believe, given all that Is there In tenns of tailwind, low penetration, low 
consumpdon levels In lndla. rtslng affluence. If I Just take the here and now 
out. this Is what the lndla story Is all about. And that should augur well In 
tenns of FMC<l growth being better than what we have seen in past decades. 
So that's point number one. 
Point number two, today, we are talking about low single-digit pricing. FMC<l 
markets have seen around 4" of pricing, which ls par for the course In terms 
of on an average. As commodities settle, there Is no reason why we should 
not be seeing that level of pricing. And once that level of pricing kicks in, top 
line growth further comes in and the operating leverage flows into the P&L 
So, there are a few of those things that needs to be true for that to happen. 
It may not happen now for the next few quarters, but there's no reason why in 
medium to long term, that won't be true. And what we have done in the 
process, the whole process of subdued demand growth last year, we've been 
working very hard In teims of making our portfolio more future flt and dialing 
Page32of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
KunalVora: 
RlluhTlwart: 
Modarator: 
up In different parts of the portfolio vectors tha.t we know will end up driving 
growth In the future. 
The whole segmentation of Core, Future Core, Market Maker, along with that, 
sharper resource allocation Is fully polnmd to make that reality come true. So, 
we remain committed to our double-digit EPS growth, and we do believe that 
ci few of these things needs to be true for that to start kicking in. 
Understood. And lastly, If you can provide a quick comment on receivable 
days, which are at an all-time high. How should we look at them going 
forward? 
Yes. So, we mentioned In one of the conversation I always keep talking about 
Is, how do you Invest for growth. Investment for growth Is not only about 
increasing A&P investment There cire various lines in the P&L, we end up doing 
investments to drive growth. Equally, at times, we end up leveraging balance 
sheet to drive growth. We did see over the last couple of quarters, basically 
need for us to drive more amount of capital availability In the trCLcle channel 
to drive higher distribution. 
I quoted a number earlier that 400 bps is a weighted value increase that we 
have done of distribution of our products in the marketplace. Some of that 
have been done with the benefit of aiding credit growth In the martcet And 
hence, we have leaned In with our bCllance sheet resources as well to support 
our distributors to Increase assortment and to Increase overall availability In 
the marketplace and drive weighted value distribution. 
So, because of that reason, we helve dialed up credit In the market And hence, 
you see the Impact of that coming to the balance sheet. We are negative 
wortclng capital And the way I see It tcday across all the different lines of the 
working capital leverage, we will remain negative working capitaL And there 
Is more than one way we end up fine-tuning and getting more efficiencies 
delivered in our cash conversion. Our cash conversion ratio last year was near 
100'6. And I do believe that even for the next tinancicil year, there is no reason 
why tho.t number should be materially away from that. 
We take our next question from the line of Hartt Kapoor from Investec. 
Page33of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
HmltKapoar. 
RohlUcawa: 
HmltKapoor: 
Just two questions from my end. Last quarter, you did mention the 
phenomenon about small packs growing faster than large packs and that 
kind of affected the mix o. little bit as well I wo.s just wondering, given that you 
have a stronger outlook in terms of growth, is tha.t a phenomenon that you're 
seeing not pla.ylng out anymore? Has tho.t reduced a. little bit because that 
affects your mix when you put on - when you calculate your UVCi. So, I Just 
wanted to get a sense on that 
That's correct I think that was the theme in December quarter, but we do see 
an Improvement back to the near-term norm, and premium brands are also 
growing faster. Although small packs are growing faster, but large packs are 
also growing. So, It's not adverse as It was In the last quarter. And we do see 
now premium brands, eg. Dove and Pears growing faster than Lux and 
Lifebuoy. B&W our business also growing fast when compared to Home Care. 
So, we do have positive mix effects as compared to last quarter. 
Premium, In the overall martcet, the premium end ls growing faster than the 
average of the market, although the gap between the average and the 
premium end ls smaller than It used to be. So that Is reflective of the lltd.e bit 
of the stress In consumption. 
And the small packs also are growing faster because maybe rural 
representation, rural Is also now growing faster than the urban market. So, 
some of those effects are there. But for us, the mix has been better than ilwas 
last quarter. 
And the second question was on Ufebuoy, and I would say, sUght move away 
from hygiene as a platform. Just wanted to get your sense about why you 
believe that tha.t's a space or a proposition that's not picked up as much? 
Who.t prompted this move? 
And especially given the fact that hygiene, one would think has a lesser 
amount of competition because there are only two or three clear hygiene-
oriented personal care brands and maybe skin protection or skin benefits is a 
much higher competitive segment So just a little bit double clicking into your 
thought process and also early signs of how thafs panning out. 
Page Iii of 40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
RohlUcawa: 
Modarcdor: 
Abnnah Roy: 
Yes. Lifebuoy stands for genn prevention or disease prevention, that Is the 
heritage of the brand. lhat remains at the core of the brand's promise. What 
we're now saying is that it's wider than just gem, protection alone. It also 
helps the skin health. we have therefore, in that sense, modernized and made 
the proposition wider. It Is not to take away what It does calrea.cly well so, this 
Is an enhancementJoumey. 
We have seen success with this in other parts of the world, also in the South 
region, where we had this proposition in action for a while. Oiven this proof of 
principle, we haw then tested this and found It to be compelllng, more 
broadly across the country. It also gives us more proposition space to launch 
range, offerings - freshness and others. And we are not Just only changing the 
proposition, we're also Improving Its presentation, we are adding more 
range. 
As I mentioned, we are entering In the summer freshness space with Aloe 
Vera. We expect that to do well SO, It's a comprehensive end-t~nd re-
launch, and the brand Is Inherently a very strong brand. We'll continue to play 
In the baste hygiene segment but also now be offering something of an 
enhanced proposition. And we do have the formulation space with Stratos to 
be able to add goodies that deliver th~ 
SO that's basically our position on Lifebuoy. It's early days because It's Just 
gone in market in March. We do see sequential improvement, but we have to 
watch the space in the next few quarters. And maybe when we meet next 
time, we'll give you an update on how it's done through the summer. 
We take the next question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. 
This Is Abneesh Roy. Two follow-up questions. One Is on toothpaste. You seem 
to have grown a bit faster than Industry In Q4, but still, It Is lower than your 
and industry's growth rate in earlier quarters. What we are picking up is there 
is a. 5'6 higher promotional trade intensit,y on a Y-o-Y basis in toothpaste. 
Could you confirm that? And do you see this CLS a temporary thing? And could 
this extend into other categories? Why toothpllSte is suddenly seeing higher 
promotional Intensity? 
Page35of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
RohlUcawa: 
AIHIHah Ro,: 
It Is an underpenetrated category where people don't use enough of 
toothpaste. We are a challenger brand. And therefore, we respond to the 
norms of the market leader triggers. In our case, to be honest, we have 
o.c:tually increased pricing over the last few quarters because we were selling 
below wha.t we thought was strategic price and what we could charge. 
And as the brand got stronger, we've, in fact. increased pricing. So, while 
promotion intensity, as you say, may have increased. But all in al~ our net 
reali.zation has increased for Closeup as a brand, which is the main play. At 
this point, we are focused on making sure tho.t we have the best freshness 
proposition In the martcet and that we take the whole areo. of confidence that 
Closeup provides as Its emodonal promise to 91/en new tenttortes like 
whitening. which will further expo.nd the weighted average reaUzatlon of the 
Closeup brand and make It more and more salient In the modern trade where 
also It sells a lot. 
So, I think we do see opportunities for Closeup to grow by higher than what 
you see this quarter because currently, we have white spaces In geographies. 
We have a few geographies In lndla where we are underrepresented, even 
though the freshness segment Is not. We have opportunities In assortment. 
There are pack sizes that we don't have fair share in and new segments. 
So, we are actually quite excited with the levers of opportunity we have on 
Closeup, and we are not really plo.ylng the promotion game as much as 
growing by way of white spaces and premlumlzatlon. lhose are our levers. 
Promotion, If at all Is t<ldlca~ we may use It to Increase distribution or to 
com pate on our targeted strategic prtce, but that's not really the heart of our 
strategy. 
My second and last question is on your comments on the global CEO and our 
understanding of - based on whatever we hear in the media. So clearly, he 
seems very positive on India, and he seems more aggressive than his 
predecessor. So, this 100 bps lower EBITDA margin outlook for next 2-3 
quo.rters, is this something Unilever is doing in other emerging markets 
because clearly, there, the growth potential Ts higher than the developed 
market. And cun-ently, there Is a global slowdown. which Is definitely there 
Impacting global companies. So, If you could clarlfy, Is there some thought 
process which Is linked to that also? And second Is In terms of the overall 
Page3fiof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
RohlUcawa: 
ltlluh Tlwart: 
Oliva, If you could clarify, how Is the growth from the time of acquisition tlU 
now, how have the things shaped up In Oliva? 
Look, we gave the rationale for taking that 1 - 2 quarters to create the 
Investment space, to build momentum further In our business. It Is a call that 
we have taken along with our Board. we believe It's the opportune time to 
have that headspace, the Investment space given potentially Improving 
macros, both rural and urban, which you are very well aware of. 
And we also feel there's lnvestablllty within our portfolio given all of that we 
ha\111 done over the last several quarters. So, this Is more a caU to actuaUy play 
on the front foot, have the heads pace to lnwst. I don't think this Is correlated 
with any broad emerging marlcet strategy, and we are playing lndla for lndla, 
and lndla Is so big that we do what's right for India. for HUL. of course, and of 
course, also for Unilever, and we are now the number two market. 
It Is true that Fernando sees lndla as a very Important part of his overaU 
strategy. He would like Indra and U.S. to be his anchor market.s. He has very 
big hopes for us. And ttiat's a long-term position on HUL and lndla, and It's 
not a quarter-to-quarter position. And It's good for us because we've always 
had the priority from our erstwhile CEO, even Hein was the one who had said 
double down in India. Alan before him had put India on his strategy. 
So, we've always been on the top of the table in so far as Unilever is concerned 
because what's good for HUL is also good for Unilever. And on that. I'll just 
hand over to Ritesh. 
Yes. On Oliva, Abneesh, overall, when we acquired the business a couple of 
years ago, a lltd.e over 2 years ago, It was a Rs. 100 crores ARR business. In last 
Litd.e over 2 years, the business has gained scale. Now it's a Rs. 400 crores ARR 
business. And that is also one of the reasons why you end up seeing the 
Impact of basically fair marlcet value adjustment that we have done, which 
you don't see the Impact In the standalone P&L of Hindustan Unilever, but 
you'U see the Impact coming In, In the conso P&L because we have Cl. more 
slronger acquisition business case now as far as Oliva Is concerned. 
The business has also Improved profitability. When we C1.cqulred the business 
and those numbers are there In public domain, It was a 40%-50% EBITDA Loss 
Page37of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
SlllpaKadla: 
Rollltlclwa: 
business. And compared to that now, we have broken even In tenns of 
profitability. And with the scale coming In, we believe this will become more 
healthier in tenns of profitability as well 
The Innovations which we have done In the last 12 to 18 months' time be It the 
apple cider vinegar, be it the c;Luta Hya, hair growth serum, they all have 
complemented very well the core portfolio that we have. And we have two 
amazing founders who are working with us. 
And the partnership between the amazing founders and our team have reaUy 
ensured that we/re getting full value from this acquisition. As you know, we 
have acquired 51'6, and we have already agreed a formula using which we'll 
end up acquiring the balance by January '26. So yes, in summary, all goes well 
for the business. And hence, whenever you see a fair martcet value c.djustment 
and a hit In the P&L, one should always feel good about It, for this also means 
the overc.ll acquisition business case only gets stronger. 
I'll take one question from onUne now. Possible to share more details on 
competitive landscape In the detergent category. Is this Largely escalated In 
liquid detergents portfolio? How large Is the segment now? How do margins 
stack here versus powders? Do you see a need to further reduce price posing 
further downside risk to margin? 
so, I mean lrs a very broad question on Home care. we operate In three 
segments: bars, powders and Uqulds. Bars are very price sensitive, commodity 
price led, where we have to offer the best quality for the best price and for the 
best brand. We constantly optimize. And c.t this point, we've been through 
many cycles of that. Business Is large enough for us to make sure that It stays 
optimized, and that Is the case as of now. The competitive landscape there Is 
not different from the past. 
In powders, powders are a large part of the category, very profitable for us. 
We have Surf Excel, one of the big brands there, doing very well And we have 
just recently extended the assortment to a Rs. 99 pack, which is also doing 
quite well So, we offer every price point In that And there Is a conversion from 
bars to powders, which our brands basically are leveraging and that 
continues to be. Again, the competitive Intensity there or the landscape has 
not changed much. We do have a competitive peer group that ranges from 
Page31of40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
Moderoton 
llllull Tlwuts 
local players to global players In powders. But for us, It's a very, very big and 
Important and successful segment. 
Coming to liquids. Liquids are growing quite strongly. lheyve had very high 
doubl~dlglt growth for us over the last 2-3 years. Actually, the Home care 
liquids on the whole, our business Is already well above Rs. 3,000 crores In 
scale. lhls Is a category that we are developing. we started almost 8-9 ~ars 
ago. And now It Is full bloom. It Is In the South, parttcularty where trs led 
growth, It's fuU bloom, aU price tiers are active. We have three very strong 
equities at play with Surf Excel. Rln and Sunlight. 
All the three brands are being promoted aggressively. And we do see 
conversion from powders to Uquld also accelerating with au of the Investment 
that's coming from us. competitors and the local players because everybody 
sees opportunity In this space. Now It's a relatively small part of our business 
today, but very, very high growth, and we intend to also lead in this segment, 
which is why we have our superior mixes. 
We have made sure that every element of our Surf Excel brand, the Rln brand, 
the SunUght brand, are excellent. We are Investing behind great marquee 
properties like IPL We ha.ve invested in market development through 
sampling. And of course, we have responded to the recent price changes in 
the market by being on the shelf on pretty much the same time. 
We are, of course, going to, at the same time, invest in improving our business 
model and keep optimizing it. but we do see many, many more years of liquid 
growth in Home Care, not just in laundry, but also in fabric conditioners and 
in dishwash. And this is an area that we intend to lead and build market share 
In. So tha.t's basically where we are on the competitive landscape for Home 
Care. I think gives you a pretty graphic Idea of what's going on In our biggest 
category. 
Thank you very much. Ladles and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last 
question. ru now hand the conference over to Mr. Rltesh Tlwart for closing 
comments. 
Thank you, Nlrav. Before we condude the cal~ I would Uke to take a minute to 
update au of you of a change In our Investor Rala.tlons team. Shllpa has 
Page3tof40 

March Quarter and Financial Year 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited
lhllpcaKedla: 
Roltltlawaz 
Shllpca Kedia: 
RlluhTlwart: 
Madaraton 
decided to lea.ve Unilever to pursue an external opportunlt;y. Shllpa goes with 
our best wishes and gets added to the Illustrious HUL Alumni cohort Yogesh 
Mulgaonkar, who is currently Head of Finance, Personal Care, will take 
o.dditional responsibility as Head of Investor Relations. 
Yogesh will meet many of you in the coming months as he transitions into his 
role. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Shilpa for her leadership 
and her contribution during her tenure with HUL and as Controller and IR and 
I wish both Shilpa and Yogesh very best. 
Thank you, Ritesh and Rohit for your unwavering support. I would like to 
extend a warm welcome to Yogesh. I also want to express my sincere 
gra.titude to all of you on the call for the incredible partnership and support 
during my tenure In this role. Before we conclude, I would like to remind 
everyone that a plo.yback of this event will soon be available on the Investor 
Relations section of our website. Thank you. 
Thank you, Shllpa. 
Thank you so much. 
Thankyou. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for Joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical 
inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language that might have occu"ed 
inadvertently white speaking. 
Page•of40 
