entertainment network (India) limited  
 
 
 
Registered Office: The Times Group, Sunteck Icon, CTS 6956 VLG, Kolekalyan Vimantal, CST Link Road, Kalina,  
Near Mercedes Show Room, BKC Junction, Santacruz East, Mumbai - 400098, Maharashtra, India. Tel: 022 68896222.  
E-mail: mehul.shah@timesgroup.com    www.enil.co.in  Corporate Identity Number: L92140MH1999PLC120516 
 
 
23 May 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532700/ Symbol: ENIL 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors’ call FY25 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investors’ Call / Earnings Conference Call 
- FY25, held on 17 May 2025. 
 
The same has been uploaded at: 
https://www.enil.co.in/stock-exchange-filings-fy2025.php 
and 
https://www.enil.co.in/financials-investorp-fy2025.php 
 
For Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Mehul Shah 
EVP– Compliance & Company Secretary  
(FCS no- F5839) 
Encl: a/a 
Mehul 
Rasiklal 
Shah
Digitally signed 
by Mehul 
Rasiklal Shah 
Date: 2025.05.23 
10:01:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Entertainment Network (India) Limited Q4 FY’25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YATISH MEHRISHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK (INDIA) LIMITED. 
MR. SANJAY BALLABH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK (INDIA) LIMITED. 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Entertainment Network (India) Limited Q4 
FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Runjhun Jain from EY IR. Thank you, and over to you 
ma’am. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Thank you, Hamshad. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 and FY'25 Earnings 
Call of Entertainment Network (India) Limited. 
To take you through the results and answer your questions today, we have the Management 
Team from the Company represented by Mr. Yatish Mehrishi – Chief Executive Officer, and 
Mr. Sanjay Ballabh – Chief Financial Officer. 
Please note the financial results and the presentations have been uploaded on the Company's 
website and on the exchanges. Should you need any further information, you can get in touch 
with us at EYIR. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's discussion might 
include forward-looking statements based on the current expectations and assumptions. These 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements after today's call 
whatsoever. 
With that said, I will hand over to Mr. Yatish. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Thank you Runjhun. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Entertainment Network 
(India) Limited, I extend a warm welcome to our Q4 and FY’25 Earnings Call. We appreciate 
you joining us on a rainy Saturday, thank you very much. 
We announced our Results yesterday, and I hope you had a chance to review them. I will now 
take this opportunity to walk you through the key highlights and provide context around our 
performance. 
On the Financial Overview: 
During the year, our domestic revenue reached Rs.526 crores, reflecting a 9.4% growth year-on-
year. This was primarily driven by strong performance in our digital and non-FCT segments. 
Excluding digital, our core business recorded a 2.6% growth year-on-year with a revenue of 
Rs.465 crores. 
Let me take you through the segment performances: 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
The Radio industry faced significant headwinds during the quarter, and we are not immune to 
these challenges. Additionally, Quarter 4 of the previous year benefited from the extraordinary 
government and political ad spending due to the general elections, resulting in a higher base. 
Despite this, we remain relatively better insulated than our peers and continue to maintain a 
healthy 26% volume share in the Radio segment. 
On the non-FCT segment, we maintain a very strong momentum, growing 20% year-on-year to 
Rs.151 crores. This was driven by the sustained success of our solution-based initiatives and key 
on-ground events such as Green Marathon, Spell Bee and Boom Box. For FY’25 the EBITDA 
margins for the non-FCT business stood at a strong 33%. 
Let me take you through the Digital Business: 
Our digital segment delivered a stellar growth with revenue reaching Rs.61 crores up a strong 
122% year-on-year growth largely driven by the strong performance of Gaana. We are 
encouraged by the positive customer response to the revamped Gaana 2.0 platform, despite the 
revised upward pricing. Revenues have been improving quarter-on-quarter, and we anticipate 
the full impact to reflect in FY’26. 
In Q4 FY’25 Digital revenues comprise 32% of our total Radio revenues, up from 24% last year. 
For the full year, digital contribution reached 26% compared to 15% last year. This is in-line 
with our strategic vision for evolving from a traditional Radio Company to a diversified 
Multimedia Entertainment Enterprise. I am very happy to share that our digital cash burn is 
steadily declining, registering a 15% drop sequentially over the last quarter, with a total 
investment of Rs.47 crores in FY’25. 
Just to reiterate some Key Financial Metrics: 
Q4 FY’25 EBITDA, excluding digital stands at Rs.37.4 crores, with EBITDA margin at 27.5%. 
PAT for Q4 FY’25 is Rs.21.4 crores, a 21% increase over Q4 last year. Full year EBITDA 
excluding digital, stands at Rs.118.8 crores with EBITDA margin at 25.5% and our PAT for the 
full year stands at Rs.48.1 crores. Our international operations remain EBITDA positive, 
contributing Rs.19.2 crores in the revenue for FY’25. The Company continues to maintain a 
strong balance sheet with a cash balance of Rs.368 crores as of March 31st, 2025. 
Lastly, I am very pleased to announce that the Board has recommended a dividend of Rs.2 per 
share, up from Rs.1.5 per share last year. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to the moderator. I look forward to your questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Khushi an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Khushi: 
My first question to you is, what is the Gaana revenue for the quarter and for the full year? 
Khushi: 
Also, the revenue growth Y-o-Y and quarterly? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
On Gaana only? 
Khushi: 
Yes. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, our Gaana revenues for full year increased to Rs.46.2 crores against last year’s revenue of 
Rs.12.78 crores. 
Khushi: 
And what was the profitability of Gaana? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, Gaana, as we said it's an investment phase. We are reducing cost, and we believe Gaana will 
become profitable in the next 5 to 6 Quarters. 
Khushi: 
Could you please specify the number? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
I will be happy to share the numbers in detail on a side call with our CFO, please. 
Khushi: 
Yes, sure. My other question to you is, what is the market share? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
On Gaana or on Radio? 
Khushi: 
Overall? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So overall, as I said, on the volume share we have almost a 26% volume share in the Radio 
business and from a value point we are upward of 30%. 
Khushi: 
Also, please give us split on Gaana and Radio? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
The market share you said Khushi? 
Khushi: 
Yes. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Khushi, market share on digital on Gaana is very difficult to put up because, every platform has 
a different way of doing business. For example, YouTube is largely available free, and they have 
a very less paid service. Spotify also does free and a subscriber service while Gaana, we don't 
offer free music, it's a paid service platform, so you have to pay in order to listen to music. So, 
if I was to look at a paid share, we are a very healthy share compared to Spotify, but since nobody 
shares the numbers, it's very difficult to ascertain. So, we have our own internal metrics on 
Gaana, and we believe we have a very healthy share in the paid market music streaming service.  
Khushi: 
Okay. My other question is, what is the inventory utilization for the quarter and for the year? 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, our inventory utilization for the quarter has been about 81%. And for the full year, has been 
about 78%. 
Khushi: 
Alright. My other question is, what is the volume growth for both the quarter and for the year? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, as we said, last year there were elections and a lot of government spending, so there has been 
a drop in volume growth of about 4%. 
Khushi: 
Okay. My other question for you is, what is our effective rate growth for the quarter and for the 
year, also how it is compared to pre COVID levels? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, pre-COVID levels, as we have always spoken about, the price has not come back to pre-
COVID levels. They stand at about 25% less than pre COVID levels. It used to be 40% down, 
there has been some arrest in the de-growth, it's as of now stable at 25%. 
Khushi: 
Okay. Could you please tell me again the revenue of Gaana? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
About Rs.18 crores on the digital. 
Khushi: 
That's for the quarter? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Yes. 
Khushi: 
And for the year? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
We spoke about it there in the investor presentation, Khushi you will have all the details on that. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant, an Individual Investor.  
Prashant: 
My question is related again with Gaana, since it is a digital platform, how can we prepare for 
the peers like Spotify, and is there any strategy, or what's the plan for going forward to growth 
about the Gaana. So please, can you elaborate more on the future plan or future growth about 
the Gaana in digital platform? 
Yatish Mehrishi: Thank you, Prashant. See for Gaana for us, it's very clear it's a Made in India only product in the market 
right now, on the music streaming service if you look at largely the competition remains 
YouTube and Spotify. This year, I am very happy to say we have increased our subscriber base 
by almost 28% as compared to when we took over. We took over the business on 1st December 
last year, and from 1st April to this year there has been a healthy 28% growth in our subscriber 
base. You know that we increased our price from Rs.299 to Rs.599 in the month of August. So, 
we are seeing a very healthy growth, as I have mentioned earlier, we are committed to 
profitability on the Gaana business, and we believe in the next 5 to 6 Quarters, Gaana should 
become a profitable business for us with a healthy revenue and a bottom line. 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Shah, from Equirus Securities Private Limited.  
Ronak Shah: 
Sir my first question is regarding the exception of the government, which are the other sectors 
which have supported the overall volume? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, thanks, Ronak. Actually, government business has gone down over last quarter, because last 
year was leading to the General Election, the government spends a lot of money, and there was 
also political business coming in, which will also reflect in Quarter 1, in the coming quarter also. 
So, in fact, government business has gone down, and political business has gone down. If you 
look at the business, which has done well traditionally in Quarter 4, the BFI segments do not 
spend a lot, and that's where the 16% growth has come on BFSI sector and the real estate sector 
has done well for us. 
Ronak Shah: 
Okay, Sir, my next question is regarding the new prices, which you have reflected on July 1st. 
So as in the last call you have highlighted that around 27% of our subscribers are having the new 
rates. So, what is the status right now and are you witnessing any drop in the overall customer 
base because of the price hikes? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, Ronak, what we meant 27% was the profitable base, it was not Rs.599, the profitable base 
was 27% which now as of March 31st stands at about 35%. We will see the first turn because we 
increase the price on 1st August, we will see the impact only on 1st August. But we have not 
seen our growth rate go down. So, we are very confident that we will be able to deliver that 
number considering the way our product is and very, very good recommendation engine, the UIs 
are good, the catalogs are good. Remember, we are the first guys who have been curating music 
for the country for the last 20 years, correct. So, our Music Play Editors have also done an 
excellent job of that. So, we are very confident that our growth will sustain for the coming years 
also. And there is lot of headroom available in the market for paid market share. As I also 
mentioned earlier, there are 200 million free music subscribers and only, as per EY report, only 
15 million pay for the music listing service. So, there's massive headroom available, massive 
growth opportunity available there, it's required to be patient and keep delivering value to the 
consumer. So, as we keep delivering value to the consumer, we believe this growth will be 
sustainable and our objective of making Gaana profitable in the 5 to 6 Quarters is on track. Our 
losses have also gone down quarter-on-quarters. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kavesh Parekh from B&K Securities.  
Kavesh Parekh: 
Could you help me with the absolute number of paid subscribers on Gaana and how has this 
number moved over the past few quarters? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Thank you Kavesh, as I said our numbers have grown almost 28% from the beginning of the 
year, which is very healthy growth if you look at EY growth, we have outperformed the 
subscriber growth in the market. And we don't reveal the numbers over a period, still if you 
require anything on our individual calls, we can have a larger discussion on it. But having said 
that, it's a very healthy paid market share which we have right now. 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Kavesh Parekh: 
And secondly, music labels have maintained the view that all audio details will move behind the 
pay wall. Spotify and JioSaavn offer free services. You have, of course, been very clear about 
transitioning to the paid mode of consumption, leading to profitable growth. What are your 
thoughts on these two platforms moving to paid and if it were to happen, what gives the industry 
the confidence that subscribers will pay rather than moving their consumption to a free platform 
like YouTube? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
See, it's a very good question if that happens, we will see a hockey stick growth in the subscriber 
markets. I will just take you back, I am assuming you will be about 35 years, if you just go back 
to your younger days. People used to buy CDs, people used to buy cassettes, even for pirated 
music, people would go to a next-door shop and pay Rs.100 to get their own playlist. So, it's not 
that people have not paid for music earlier days. People have always paid. If you look at you 
bought a CD of Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham for about Rs.300 or Rs.500 also. And today you are 
getting almost Rs.700, or Rs.600 for our cost a full library, global library at a click of a button, 
at a convenience different playlist. So, I don't it's about value, because it has been available for 
free, people have not been valuing it.  As services stop that will be a hockey stick growth for the 
industry, and that's where music labels also believe in. The future lies in subscription and not 
doesn't lie in the freemium. You have seen the advertising headwinds across the media are being 
there. So, there is no way a medium can sustain only on advertising. The subscriber growth will 
play it, we saw in video OTT in the COVID times, the way the growth happened, and we believe 
that similar numbers will happen here, also. Now coming to competition, Spotify started putting 
lot of restrictions on free product, even if you look at YouTube also, when you watch anything 
on YouTube, there is so much of ads now coming on YouTube that they are also looking at 
paying more focus on subscription. In fact, YouTube music, if you are not a paid subscriber, will 
not play music in the background. So that itself is a nudge to grow some subscribers. Even Saavn 
is looking at that, so it's a very healthy thing there is, as I said, if everybody goes paid, the 
headroom is because 200 million people does subscribe music free. So, there is no way people 
may not subscribe to this and, as I said, the last EY report says about only 15 million pay. So, 
the amount of growth opportunity which is available for all the players is massive. So, I am very, 
very confident, very optimistic it's great business, a great time to be in. We have developed a 
great product. It’s the only Bharat product, Gaana means songs. It's very, very close to the Indian 
consumers. The search optimization is massive. So, we are very confident that this product and 
platform for us will deliver a lot of great revenues and profitability for us in the coming years. 
Kavesh Parekh: 
Thanks a lot for that, for your thoughts. Just one last thing from my side, could you share some 
engagement matrix, or maybe the time spent on the platform on Gaana by a few free users versus 
a paid user? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, we don't have a free user Kavesh, so there is no comparison and that's the reason those 
numbers will not make sense, because if you compare them with a Spotify, which is a freemium 
model, the numbers will always look different. So, it will be difficult to share, at the engagement 
what we track is how the engagement is growing as the subscriber numbers are growing. Our 
engagement metrics is also growing, and it's been just 4 Quarters if you look at Kavesh, we have 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
not been handling Gaana for years. It's been just 4 Quarter, or a full one year if you look at it, 
the way we are looking at the business and we are very, very happy with the way engagement 
has gone up. And the way we count is the listening data, now both numbers are very, very 
healthy. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harshad Gadekar from Elara Securities. 
Harshad Gadekar: 
So, would it be possible to share any color on the growth outlook for FCT and non-FCT segment, 
and what would be the key priorities for us in FY’26? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Thank you Harshad. See the way we look at this Quarter 1, we thought it started well, but because 
of the border tensions, it took a beating on both on ad media and everything, because it was not 
a great time for any Company to look at it. Now, since it's behind our back, the ceasefire has 
happened, it's good. The way we look at it is, the ad environment business will remain a little 
muted. There will be growth because of a base effect in the second half. It might because it still 
continues to look muted, hoping with the more macroeconomic conditions, even though if you 
look at the US tariff paused, settling down, rains going to be great, we believe that will drive 
some growth on the pure advertising sales. Having said that, we are very bullish in our non-FCT 
Solution business and the event business. Event business in Quarter 4 has grown almost 80% for 
us, and we believe this year also, it will lead the growth even our Solution business has done 
reasonably well, and we believe that growth will come from the non-FCT segments, and we are 
double downing on that, and we are very confident that this year also the Event, Concert business 
will do really well for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meghna, an Individual Investor. 
Meghna: 
I just wanted to clarify one thing you said, Gaana revenue is Rs.46.2 this is for Quarter 4, right? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
No, full year. 
Meghna: 
Okay, and for Quarter 4, how much is it? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Rs.17 crores. Only Gaana is about, just one second. 
Meghna: 
I think digital is around Rs.18 crores, so Gaana. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Yes, so digital is Rs.18 crores, and Gaana will be about Rs.14.6 crores. 
Meghna: 
And last year in the same quarter, it was around Rs.9.5 crores, as I gather. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Yes. 
Meghna: 
Okay. And for the full year FY’24 how much was it? 

 
Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
May 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Fully year last year as I said, it may not be comparable, because we took Gaana only on 1st 
December. So, the full year number for four months was about Rs.12.78 crores against that this 
year it is Rs.46.22 crores. 
Meghna: 
And my next question was, the volume declined by 4% this is for the quarter, right? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Yes, both quarter because if you look at last year Quarter 4, there was massive government and 
political spends, which has led to the de-growth. So, whenever a new government comes, the 
government spending is always lower. And impacts, if you look at past general elections trend 
also, the government business goes down. But last year there was massive government and 
political spending that resulted in the volume de-growth. 
Megna: 
Okay. And for the full year, how is the volume fairing? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Same thing, it's almost the same actually Quarter 4 led to the larger number drop also. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Thank you very much, it’s a pleasure to have you all, and thank you much for joining on a 
Saturday. As we have been always saying, we are committed to delivering profitable growth for 
our stakeholders, and we remain committed. We are very excited about our business on Gaana 
and overall event business. Thank you very much again. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Entertainment Network (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
