 
28th May, 2025 
 
                               
 
The Secretary 
 
 
  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
           Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
  
 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Code: 500645  
 
 
NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT 
 
 
Subject: Management Transcript of Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the 
Management Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 23rd May, 2025 to discuss 
the financial results of the Company for the quarter & year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call will also be made available 
on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.dfpcl.com/. 
 
 We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
Rabindra Purohit 
VP – Legal, Compliance & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above  
RABINDRA 
KUMAR PUROHIT
Digitally signed by 
RABINDRA KUMAR PUROHIT 
Date: 2025.05.28 16:56:49 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation 
Limited Q4 FY-25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAILESH MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. SUBHASH ANAND, PRESIDENT & CFO, DEEPAK 
FERTILISERS AND PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
MR. SUPARAS JAIN – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE FINANCE, DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. DEBASISH KEDIA – SENIOR GM, CORPORATE 
FINANCE, DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARMISH DESAI – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals 
Corporation Limited Q4 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by PhillipCapital (India) 
Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harmish Desai. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Harmish Desai: 
Thank you, Avirath. Good evening, and welcome to the 4th Quarter and Full-Year FY ‘25 
Earnings Call of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Limited, hosted by PhillipCapital. 
From the Management, we have Mr. Sailesh Mehta – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Subhash Anand – President and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Suparas Jain – Executive VP 
(Corporate Finance); and Mr. Debasish Kedia – Senior GM (Corporate Finance). 
I would like to thank the Management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. We will 
begin the call with Opening Remarks from Mr. Sailesh Mehta, followed by Mr. Subhash Anand 
for an update on financial performance, post which we will have a Q&A session. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. So, a very warm welcome to all of you for the Q4 and 12-month FY ‘25 
earnings call. 
I do hope all of you had a chance to review the presentations. But just from my side at the outset 
in terms of the headlines, I am indeed happy to share that Q4 top line grew by 28% and PAT 
bottom line grew by 21%. For the full year, the top line grew by 18%, and we crossed INR 
10,000 crores. But the headline there is that PAT bottom line grew by 102%. It’s almost doubled. 
Based on these good results and also balancing it out with the CAPEX plan, though the thought 
was to look at even higher dividends, but the Board in a conservative manner has recommended 
100% dividend. 
So now just to share some insights in terms of when I look at the year as a whole to look at the 
undercurrents and to try and share with you in terms of what we feel is panning out, what has 
worked. So somewhere, I see very clearly that strategy and execution coming together now and 
getting validated, revalidated in the P&L in the financial outcomes that we are seeing.  
So, number one that we see is that our enhanced business focus, aligned to the India growth story 
is certainly continuing to be a very positive tailwind for all the businesses that we are looking 
at, in the sense for the fueling of the India growth story, the focus on coal for power, limestone, 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
cement for the real estate sector, infrastructure, all those are going to be continuing to be critical. 
And that is where our mining chemicals, technical ammonium nitrate, continues to be beautifully 
aligned. 
Similarly, as the mid-income group grows, the move from basic rice, wheat, bajra to horticulture, 
fruits, vegetables is something that we are seeing as a continuing trend, and which is where our 
CNB business, Fertilizer business is very well aligned.  
And similarly, our Industrial Chemicals business is riding on the alignment with China Plus One 
Specialty Chemicals and the Pharma sector. So, one dimension that we see is that this alignment 
with the India growth story not only is giving us a continued positive traction on the demand 
perspective side, but is also somewhere insulating us from the global volatility, which has 
somewhere emerged with all these tariff dimensions that are emerging. 
The second and the more critical aspect that we are seeing is that our dedicated drive to move 
from commodity to specialty is continuing to gain grounds and give us a very positive traction. 
With the push that we have, overall, we are seeing that almost 22% of our revenues are now 
emerging out of this move into the specialty space. 
The key contributor to the transformation from commodity to specialty is certainly the Crop 
Nutrition business, the Fertilizer business, where virtually now every product that we sell has 
somewhere a specialty offering. It is not the same as what anyone else in the industry are 
offering. 
And all of our NPK, either is sold as NPK with growth promoter coating, which is giving a much 
higher boost to the nutrient use efficiency or in a major way, which is what has transpired in this 
last year, where we have moved from commodity NPK to crop-specific NPK along with 
micronutrients and growth promoters. And by now, we have now enhanced the number of 
grades. We are catering to many more crops than what we were in the previous year. 
Now, this aspect of it is somewhere very, very deeply making an impact in terms of not just the 
yield, but also somewhere the quality dimensions of the agri produce, which is where we are 
now having a very positive traction in terms of repeat customers, and a very strong attraction 
also from the channel. 
And uniquely, now we have clocked up not just in terms of the sales, which is by way of invoices, 
but also by way of liquidation, which would mean that the farmers have actually bought the 
fertilizers. And that speaks very strongly about the value proposition that they are seeing in terms 
of the Croptek or the crop-specific fertilizers. 
So with that, if I look at just the Crop Nutrition business, besides the crop-specific fertilizers, we 
are also into Bensulf, which is another specialty fertilizer. We are also into the water-soluble 
fertilizers, which are also specialty fertilizers. And all put together, we are seeing that there is a 
lot of value that we could bring to the table by looking at not just commodity product orientation, 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
but somewhere bringing in a lot of weightage to what could impact the farmers and the yields, 
and so also their income levels. 
Similarly, the journey continues from commodity to specialty even in our technical ammonium 
nitrate mining chemical business, and where, as you would be aware that our range of product 
itself caters to all possible segments in the mining sector, whether it is ammonium nitrate melt 
or the high-dense product or the porous prills, the global best porous prills, right up to the 
Hospital segment is what we are catering to. 
And some of these segment-by-segment catering to the needs of that particular segment is 
somewhere now making more and more sense that, that is the way to go, and that is what is 
bringing the strength. Similarly, in the acids, again, every segment right from 58% acid, 60% 
acid, 72% acid, right up to 98% acid is something that we are catering to, and going up to even 
specialized acid with additives for the steel companies that are there. 
Finally, even in case of IPA, that our move towards moving away from commodity IPA to 
pharma-grade IPA is something that is bearing good fruits. So, those 2 aspects are aspects which 
I feel at the undercurrent level, have given a lot of confidence and is giving us a very positive 
feeling in terms of sustainability of these good results.  
And going forward, as we move more and more towards segmenting the market and catering to 
each segment, and as we move more and more from pure commodity product offering to a 
holistic solution offering, we are seeing that not only there will be, I would say, additions to the 
contribution margin, but we are on our way to creating valuable brands in the spaces that we are 
performing, in the spaces that we are having our business focus. 
Building upon the same, I would say, strength, we have also taken up projects of enhancing 
capacities on nitric acid at Dahej and on our technical ammonium nitrate at Gopalpur. And 
somewhere those aspects are also very strongly built on both these dimensions. Both are projects 
that are beautifully aligned to the India growth story. Both the projects draw strength from our 
40-years of knowledge and experience of that sector. And that aspect of it is going to ensure that 
in the least gestation period, it should begin its contribution to the bottom line. And both of them, 
we are looking at somewhere, H2 of FY ‘26 to bring it into our financial fold. 
I am also happy to share that with the good cash flows that were there, we were in a position to 
further reduce the net debt by around INR 120 crores. And now the net-to-EBITDA ratio has 
improved to a healthy 1.72x versus 2.66x, which was in the previous year.  
We also brought in and infused INR 800 crores in our subsidiary, Deepak Mining Solutions, 
which is also available for the group by way of CCD, Compulsory Convertible Debentures. And 
that is also going to deleverage and make the balance sheet even more healthier as we go forward. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
So as we look at this aspect, we were also, from a project perspective, seeing that some, I would 
say, competition could be emerging. And when we looked at ourselves, we saw unique USPs 
against competition that we will be bringing to the table.  
Uniquely, our facilities will be now on both East Coast and West Coast, and that will provide a 
freight advantage to us as we serve our customers. With having multiple facilities in terms of 
our technical ammonium nitrate and our nitric acids, we will be singularly placed to provide 
100% assured supplies to our customers, which others may not be able to. 
With the 40 years of knowledge and experience in the market, uniquely, we will be bringing in 
a huge supply chain advantage of warehouses, dealers, and others to be able to cater to these 
customers. 
And of course, the 40 years of knowledge and experience will be uniquely standing on our side, 
whether it is in terms of raw material availability, operations, safety, health environment, 
logistics, so on and so forth.  
And the biggest advantage that we see in ourselves is now integrated advantage emerging out of 
a long-term tied up LNG contract, then from LNG, ammonia. From ammonia, the multiple nitric 
acid plants that are there, and then reaching up to the downstream. So, this kind of a complete 
value chain is something, which will be very, very unique to the Deepak Fertilisers Group. 
And finally, when we move right up to the requirements of the end consumer, whether it’s the 
farmer or the mine, this is something where this strength right from LNG to the final finished 
impactful product plus solutions is something that in the next 2 years to 3 years will be something 
that will be uniquely available from Deepak Fertilisers and its subsidiaries, unlike anyone else. 
Having said that, there is a perplexment that does remain in my mind. Recently, when we did 
the CCD negotiations on the basis of just the Mining business, DMSL, we were in a position to 
garner the funding at 12x EBITDA, which puts the valuation of just the Mining business to INR 
13,000-odd crores, whereas in totality, Deepak Fertilisers is somewhere getting valued at INR 
17,000-odd or INR 18,000-odd crores. 
And the perplexment has been that how is it that the sum of the parts, meaning the totality of the 
3 businesses which are doing so well, somewhere is not getting valued as much as one part is 
getting valued, which is where I seek a better understanding with your help to be able to 
somewhere get across to the various investor community in terms of the real strength that we 
bring in terms of our 40 years of knowledge base, the real strength that is going to emerge in 
terms of the strategy at play, whether it is in terms of the alignment with the India growth story, 
whether it is in terms of the long-term LNG contract that we have, and the value that we will be 
bringing right from gas to ammonia to the downstream, or the huge work and now well-accepted 
work that we are doing from commodity to specialty. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
And finally, also helping to bring far more clarity in terms of each business having unwound and 
now restructured into each business into a separate corporate entity to bring a much more clearer 
perspective and vision. Some of these aspects, I look forward to each one of you to not only 
absorb, but to help communicate so that there is a better understanding of our businesses. 
So with that thought, I hand you over to Subhash, who will take you through the details of the 
Q4 and 12 months. 
Subhash? Yes. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Mehta, and good evening, everyone. 
It’s a pleasure to welcome you all to Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
earnings call for the 4th Quarter and full-year financial, year ended 31 March 2025. We are 
pleased to report yet another quarter and year of strong performance, marked by resilient 
operations, robust financials, and continued progress on our strategic transformation journey. 
Let me start with financial highlights. Revenue for quarter 4, operating revenue stood at INR 
2,667 crores, a strong 28% increase Y-o-Y, primarily led by our CNB business, which grew by 
86%. The full-year FY ‘25, we reported INR 10,274 crores in revenue. That’s an 18% growth 
over FY ‘24. Notably, our specialty product portfolio now contributes 22% of our total revenue, 
led by our crop-specific innovations and our premium LDAN product. 
On EBITDA front, Q4 EBITDA came in at INR 480 crores, up 10% Y-o-Y. While the margin 
for quarter stood at 18%, slightly lower due to change in business mix. Individually, if we look 
3 business separately, both TAN and CNB segments individually saw margin expansions.  
Since the growth of this quarter primarily led by Fertilizer business, that mix change has resulted 
into this contraction or the lower margin what we are able to see at consol level. Individually, 
each business is showing an expanded margin and contributing healthy to the bottom line. 
For the full year, EBITDA grew remarkably 50%, up to INR 1,925 crores, with a margin 
improvement of 390 basis points to 19%. 
Coming to net profit – Our Q4 net profit increased 21% Y-o-Y to INR 278 crores. FY ‘25, we 
delivered INR 945 crores in net profit, doubling Y-o-Y. Reflecting strong margin execution and 
cost discipline, the net profit margin improved by 381 basis points to 9%. 
I would like to highlight that Q4 includes one-time deferred tax creation of INR 37 crores, linked 
to DMSL demerger. Excluding this, the group effective tax rate would be approximately 24.7% 
for the quarter, compared to reported 13.2%. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Coming to balance sheet and cash flow. As Mr. Mehta pointed out, we have generated INR 1,400 
crores free operating cash flow supported by robust EBITDA and improved working capital 
efficiency. 
Working capital as a percentage of revenue declined from 17% to 12%. Despite capital 
expenditure or CAPEX of around INR 1,100 crores in FY ‘25, net debt was reduced to INR 
3,305 crores from INR 3,426 crores a year ago. As a result, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio 
improved significantly from 2.66x to 1.72x in this year. Net debt to equity now stands at healthy 
0.53. 
In Q1 FY ‘26, our subsidiary, DMSL, raised INR 800 crores CCD, further fortifying the group 
balance sheet. These results reflect our clear focus on financial prudence, capital efficiency and 
balance sheet strengthening.  
Some more insight on our segmental performance on our Crop Nutrition business that is CNB. 
The business had one of its strongest ever Q4 showing. The Bulk Fertilizers grew at 68% Y-o-
Y to 2.1 lakh metric tons. For the full-year FY ‘25, we have crossed 1 million metric ton 
milestone, with manufactured volume surged from 55% to 888 Kt. 
Our crop-focused specialty product, Croptek, more than doubled in its volume in Q4, up 111% 
Y-o-Y basis. Specialty fertilizers’ volume, which includes Bensulf and WSF rose 13% Y-o-Y. 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic for the kharif season, supported by forecast of above normal 
monsoon and our targeted approach across cotton, soybean, paddy, and corn through the 
Mahadhan brand. 
On mining chemical, our TAN business continued to deliver strong operational performance. 
TAN volume in Q4 grew 13% sequentially to 146 Kt, though Y-o-Y, we have seen a 3% decline. 
Full-year basis, the volume grew by 3%.  
LDAN, our premium specialty offering recorded 13% sequential and 11% Y-o-Y growth, 
increasing the B2C revenue share to 18%. As India infrastructure and mining demand remains 
strong, particularly in coal, cement, steel, and aggregate, we see a positive momentum sustaining 
through FY ‘26. 
On Industrial Chemicals, despite a volatile global environment, this segment saw a solid 
performance. Nitric acid volumes saw 29% Y-o-Y increase in Q4, and 3% for full year.  
IPA volume declined due to plant shutdown for our process enhancement and productivity 
improvement, which is now completed in FY ‘25. And for full-year FY, IPA volume was down 
5%, primarily again, led by the shutdown, which was important for us to ensure we have an 
enhanced productivity and process going forward. 
Talking about outlook, nitric acid remains well positioned with improving downstream demand 
from TAN, while IPA faces some near-term margin pressures due to oversupply and weak 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Acetone prices, our specialty product line is gaining steady market traction and positive 
customer feedback. 
Coming to our strategic project update, which is Gopalpur for TAN and nitric acid for Dahej, 
both have seen steady performance. The Gopalpur progress is 75%, and Dahej project has 
progressed 48%. We stand committed, the commissioning of both the plant is expected in H2 
FY ‘26. These investments are crucial enablers of our next growth cycle, focused on import 
substitutions, margin expansions and deeper market integrations. 
To conclude, FY ‘25 was a pivotal year for Deepak Fertilisers. Our strong financials and 
operational performance is a direct result of strategic transformations undertaken over the past 
few years. The momentum is expected to continue in FY ‘26, driven by macro tailwinds and our 
focus on high-margin differentiated products. We are entering the new fiscal year with strong 
foundations financially and operationally, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver 
sustained long-term value to all our stakeholders. 
With that, I now open the floor for any questions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator 
Instructions) The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge. Mr. Tarang 
your line has been unmuted, please go ahead with your question. 
Since there is no response, the next question is from the line of Jainam Ghelani from Svan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for this opportunity. So, my first question is, what is the current ammonia pricing 
and what was your annual savings in FY ‘25 from the ammonia plant? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. In fact, the current price of ammonia is around $300. Yes, the last quarter, I will say the 
average price is around $330. That’s what the average number what we have seen. I will not say 
saving in terms of ammonia, we need to see separately because now we have an integrated supply 
chain. As we continue to maintain, our EBITDA breakeven is around $310, $320, at that price, 
the PCL remain EBITDA breakeven. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. And sir, what would be our EBITDA from our Industrial Chemicals business and the 
Fertilizers business, if you could specify? 
Subhash Anand: 
So, we don’t give segment-wise EBITDA margin, this thing. But overall EBITDA, if you see, 
yes, at consol level, we have delivered 19% EBITDA. All 3 business has a different level of 
EBITDA. That’s definitely we all understand and each one of you aware of. In terms of Mining 
business, that’s a highly profitable business. Fertilizers business, as such, the industry compared 
to all 3 businesses comes at a lower level, Industrial Chemicals at the mid-level. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. That would be helpful, sir. And my last question is that what would be our peak debt 
levels over the next 2 years, because we have this huge CAPEX upcoming? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, that’s, in fact, a standard question, I call it every time this come up and right so also. Good 
thing is our current CAPEX cycle is reaching towards fag end. The cycle, we have started with 
PCL capitalization or PCL operations. Now with Gopalpur and Dahej coming to a fag end, and 
we are expecting to commencing of production some time in H2 of this year. So the debt level 
currently, we are at around INR 3,300 crores. So, we expect to be around INR 5,000 crores when 
the peak touches. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So, can we expect that by end of FY ‘26, INR 5,000 crores could be our peak debt and then we 
can expect deleveraging from next year? 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes, that’s the right assumption because the 2 new facilities, which are coming up, will start 
contributing sizably to our bottom line as well as to cash flow. So the deleveraging will start 
after that. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you sir, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
Congratulations on the results. So in terms of the 2 housekeeping questions I have, one is your 
other expenses have gone up, both on a Y-o-Y and quarter-on-quarter basis in the consolidated 
results. And secondly, in the segment results, your Chemical business segment earnings is down, 
both again on Y-o-Y and quarter-on-quarter basis. Is that because of the IPA shutdown or any 
other reason for that? 
Subhash Anand: 
You’re talking quarter, right? 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
For the 4th Quarter, yes. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. In fact, Industrial Chemicals, yes, we have an IPA shutdown and that has an impact on our 
profitability. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
And in terms of the increase in other expenses? 
Subhash Anand: 
In fact, since the majority of the growth has come from CNB business, and that has a very high 
freight output, so that’s the impact what you see in our other expenses. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
Is that seasonal? Or is it something, which will continue depending on the growth in your 
Fertilizer business? 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Subhash Anand: 
It’s a business specific. CNB growing will always see freight expenses going up, higher 
compared to other 2 business. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
Okay. So now on the projects and the long-term growth in your cash flows and returns. So if 
you look at your expansion in nitric acid and the integration into downstream TAN, what is the 
incremental ROC you will get on the additional CAPEX once you reach peak utilization? And 
what is the peak utilization you expect by, say, FY ‘27? 
Subhash Anand: 
No. In fact, both the new projects, what we have embarked on, we are looking at a healthy ROCE 
somewhere in the range of, I will say, 18% to 20%, and we will prefer to maintain that level for 
these 2 projects. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
And what is the utilization level required for this sort of ROCE? 
Subhash Anand: 
This is a standard what we see, I call it. First year, we expect 70%, which is the normal ramp-
up. The moment we go to an 80%, 85%, we start seeing this kind of ROCE. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
Okay. So, one last thought on the ammonium nitrate prices, which you may have missed for 
your estimate. So, these numbers require any further increase in prices or at current prices, you 
will be able to achieve? Because the reason why I am asking that is there are 2 competitors who 
are setting up, Chambal and GNFC. So, is there a challenge in terms of the placement of the 
additional volume in the next 1, 2 years before the actual long-term growth in the downstream 
end-use sectors is able to absorb the incremental capacity? What is your thought on that? 
Subhash Anand: 
In fact, although Mr. Mehta touched upon our plant USP and uniqueness, but let me give you a 
few data points. Currently, the demand of TAN is around 1.4 million, and the present capacity 
in Indian market is around 1 million. So, this industry is net-net short. So, there is enough 
headroom for new player to come in and substitute import. 
And second thing, this industry, the TAN demand itself is growing 6% to 7% Y-o-Y. That itself 
is, if we say roughly around 1 lakh ton is getting added in the demand every year. So if you just 
put these 2 numbers in place and the new capacity, which is coming up, the ramp-up doesn’t 
happen on day 1. Everybody will have its own ramp-up time. By the time, this capacity is 
actually available in the market, net-net, we will again start seeing import higher than the supply 
available. So, we don’t see a challenge in the TAN demand. 
Second, you would have seen our specialty and downstream efforts reaching from customer to 
consumer. So, that’s another thing which will help us to create our space and our uniqueness, 
because we are a strong player in this market, first mover, 40 years downstream, and then we 
are uniquely placed on both the coasts, West or North. All these same factors will make us a 
very different player or a different league player. We don’t see a challenge placing our capacity 
in the market. 
R. Sankaranarayanan: 
Thank you for your detailed explanation and wish you all the best. I will join the queue. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Yes. Hi thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, just a continuation 
on this overall TAN growth. Just for the 4th Quarter as well as for the last 3 years, if we see the 
growth in our TAN volumes, it has been sort of suboptimal. It’s been around 1% to 2% range. 
And while we are talking about a capacity of close to 6 lakhs, we have still not been able to 
achieve, at least closer to those kind of levels. So is it because of there being a demand being 
slower? Or is it something where we are capacity constrained in terms of our nitric acid, which 
you have mentioned, that is having an impact on this overall business? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, Nikhil, you are right. There’s no demand constraint actually. We do have a demand, and we 
are at this point of time constrained by supply side. We have a nitric acid capacity constraint, 
and that’s a limiting factor for us to grow our TAN substantially. And that’s one of the main 
reasons for us to get into capacity and expansions and then cater to the demand, which we already 
know we have in front of us. 
Second thing, if you see what is immediate, we have done some debottleneck of TAN business, 
TAN capacity and nitric acid capacity last year towards end of H1 or beginning H2. So, that will 
also help us to do some additional volume this year. 
And second thing, if you ask me in TAN business especially, our focus is more moving from 
more and more specialty downstream from customer to consumer. And that gives us not only 
additional stickiness of the business, but also incremental margins. So the focus is more till the 
time we have capacity, we will continue to go more towards value add and expand our margin. 
And when the capacity available, we are good to go in a full flow.  
I hope I answered your question. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Yes, sir. So then do we sort of say that even for FY ‘26, I understand that you are focusing on 
more value addition. But in terms of volume growth, do we see FY ‘26 also to do like a 2%, 3% 
volume growth? Or we see better volume growth in FY ‘26 since your capacity is going to come, 
most of it will start in FY ‘27, yes? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, it will be slightly more than the number what you are saying. We do expect with some 
bottlenecking, we will be able to do slightly better or better than. But yes, if you are looking 
leapfrog jump, then that will happen once Gopalpur comes in place. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Fair enough, sir. Got it. Sir, in terms of the ammonia business, you have sort of mentioned that 
$310, $320 levels. Because we have factored in it at $400, $410, and based on that, our working 
has been made in this business. Are we always dependent on the pricing for ammonia on a global 
level? Or is there a better way to get an understanding of the spreads? Because since quarterly, 
we are not getting all the subsidiary data as well. It’s becoming a bit of a challenge to understand 
exactly the spread levels. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Subhash Anand: 
Two things basically. Okay, ammonia pricing is internationally available. I won’t say there’s 
any challenges. This is a published number as everyday numbers available. 
Nikhil Gada: 
I understand. But then because you sell at a premium as well, so definitely, the price, yes. Sorry. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Broadly, if you ask me, we do publish quarterly how is the ammonia price going on. So 
this is a number. And there is a standard formula from FOB Middle East to the landed, how the 
number comes in. We can have that discussion and we can discuss around that.  
Finally, any change in ammonia price, we are an integrated business. So it’s a shift from one 
business to another. And net-net, if you see, still the margin remain within business because we 
are an integrated player. So even if we see a softness here, but we do see a margin expansion for 
our other business. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So sir, if I want to ask it in a different way, the 4th Quarter margins, which were at 23%, it has 
nothing to do with the TAN ammonia spread. It’s largely because of the Industrial Chemical 
business, IPA business not doing well. 
Subhash Anand: 
No, which 4th Quarter, 23%, I didn’t get your number. We have an 18% margin. 
Nikhil Gada: 
I was talking about the Chemical business EBIT margins, which were at 23% for the 4th Quarter 
vis-a-vis 27%, 28%, 31% for the last 3 quarters. 
Subhash Anand: 
No. Okay. When you are looking at Chemical business, overall, if you see ammonia price 
between this last year, broadly, it remained at a similar level, barring 1 quarter when it’s 
significantly gone up. But otherwise, it remains broadly at the same level.  
Last quarter, specifically, the dip in industrial chemical or dip in Chemical business segment is 
IPA is one thing, which has impacted, because there is a pressure of IPA prices globally, and 
that has impacted marginal Industrial Chemical business. The last year, overall ammonia prices 
was broadly stable barring quarter 3 when it has seen a substantial increase, I call it. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood. Got it, sir. So then just to complete this... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Nikhil. Can we return to the question queue for a follow-up? 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sure. I will do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment Managers Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Yes. I hope Sailesh bhai is on the call because in his initial remarks, he made a comment that 
there was a certain valuation assigned to the Mining Chemical business, which represented the 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
bulk of the value of the firm. And he was expressing wonderment as to why that is the case. So, 
I hope Sailesh bhai is on the call. 
Subhash Anand: 
No. Bharat bhai, keep asking, I should be able to answer your questions. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Because he raised the question, I thought he’ll be there to discuss that question that he 
had raised. But be it as it may, I will reach out to him separately. Subhash ji, if we continue to 
play coy, and not give proper details of each business in terms of underlying moving parts, its 
profitability, when the change of the traction over a period of time, how do you expect really 
speaking for people to be able to analyze the business, which has 3 main activities?  
And each activity has many moving parts. And therefore, whole aggregate performance is so 
much harder to analyze unless and until details are shared. Now, of course, the crop business is 
put into Mahadhan and the Mining business has gone into DMSL. So, picture would start getting 
more clear. But I wonder why that has not been the case so far? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, Bharat bhai, very rightly so. And definitely, we started far more insight into our segmental 
businesses, what we used to talk earlier. And it’s only a matter of time when you start seeing us 
coming out with far more detail. Input well taken. We will work on this. 
Bharat Shah: 
Subhash ji, the entity which is, DMSL now, received INR 800 crores of the convertible 
debenture, right? 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. 
Bharat Shah: 
And effectively, I assume it will dilute equity capital of that business by about 6% to 7%. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes, on a valuation of around INR 13,000 crores, INR 800 crores will be around that, 6%. 
Bharat Shah: 
That will get converted in by what timeframe? 
Subhash Anand: 
No. In fact, CCD is for 48 months, but there is an option after 30 months, we can convert 
anything after 30 months. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Till then it will carry the interest rate? 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. Till that time it has a coupon rate. 
Bharat Shah: 
So therefore, about 94% equity will belong to the holding Deepak Fertilisers? 
Subhash Anand: 
That’s right. 
Bharat Shah: 
And on Mahadhan, what is the equity dilution of INR 400 crores that has happened? How much 
is the equity dilution? 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Subhash Anand: 
That is internal, not to external public. Basically, there was an OCD, which Deepak has, that’s 
got converted into equity. So, that’s 100% remains, 100%. Nothing changes. 
Bharat Shah: 
So then INR 400 crores, which has been injected there, where does it reside? 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. Basically, there was an OCD which there was an equity infusion from Deepak Fertilisers 
to Mahadhan. So the 100% still remain 100%. Nothing changes further. 
Bharat Shah: 
It’s just the left and right pockets. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes, yes, that’s what I am saying. So there is no external. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. So that’s a very confusing... 
Subhash Anand: 
No, it’s basically to strengthen Mahadhan balance sheet so the Deepak Fertilisers has put in 
money. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. And the INR 800 crores received in DMSL, I suppose, will remain in DMSL, except 
whenever dividends are paid out, that Deepak Fertilisers will get? 
Subhash Anand: 
No. In fact, INR 800 crores in DMSL has come in for strengthening DMSL balance sheet, 
including their capital expansion, which is planned. Gopalpur is part of DMSL. So it’s part and 
parcel of DMSL, strengthening balance sheet for capital expansion. 
Bharat Shah: 
One last thing, Subhash ji. While over years, we have grown 8x. We have leapt ahead, then we 
have fallen behind. But we are still well below what we did in 2022-’23 when the turnover 
exceeded INR 11,000 crores, and bottom line exceeded more than INR 2,000 crores. We are still 
well below those numbers. When do you think we will surpass the performance? 
Subhash Anand: 
Let’s hope we surpass very soon. 
Bharat Shah: 
Son as in next quarter or it will be... 
Subhash Anand: 
No, I won’t put a number or immediate timeframe for that. But yes, as a Management, definitely, 
surpassing that should be soon. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Just one final thing. Current year outlook on the Mining Chemical business, how would 
you portray it? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Current year, demand side, we don’t see a challenge. Definitely, we do have capacity 
constraint, and some debottlenecking will help us to grow volume. We expect volume will grow 
in current year, although it will be single digit. But we do expect margin expansions will play a 
larger role than just volume growth. And that’s what will be the story of DMSL. And then 
towards H2 when the new capacity come in, that will be a big, I will say, change, which will 
take the entire Mining business to the new level. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Bharat Shah: 
Right. So, year of ‘26-’27 should be a record year for Mining Chemicals? 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. That’s where all the levers, whether it’s Gopalpur, whether it’s Dahej new plant or whether 
it’s a new gas contract, all will be fully operational at that time, and we will be in the new leap, 
I call it. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. So, ‘26 will be better year than ‘25 for Mining Chemicals? Completing this question. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. We do expect ‘26, definitely, we will do an improvement. And you will see definitely a 
better result compared to FY ‘25, what we have. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. Thank you Subash ji, and we will connect with Sailesh bhai also separately. 
Subhash Anand: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratyush Kamal from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Pratyush Kamal: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. I have few questions. First is regarding the 
Ammonia business, wherein you used to mention that about $380 per ton would be breakeven 
cost for you. But I suppose that you usually produce ammonia from natural gas, use about 33, 
35 MMBtu of natural gas for that. 
And given the fact that the natural gas prices have fallen down significantly from Q3 to Q4, 
because of Brent-linked and Henry Hub linked contract. So what is the current cost of gas that 
you are accumulating right now due to which you would have, again, shifted your breakeven 
cost from $380 to now $330, which you just mentioned? 
Subhash Anand: 
No. In fact, $380 I don’t think so we ever talked $380 in dollars. We always maintain for 
EBITDA breakeven, our number is around $310 to $320. So, we broadly remain at that level for 
EBITDA breakeven.  
Second thing, you are talking about gas. Currently, our gas prices are more I will say since our 
long-term Equinor contract yet to get kicked in and that will get kicked in only next year, FY 
‘26, and that’s where we will start seeing the real benefit of gas price reduction happening. Till 
that time, our contracts are linked to various baskets, not just one Brent or not just one thing. 
Movement of gas price is not immediately visible to us or not immediately getting passed on to 
us. So it has some lag when it comes to our ammonia pricing or the costing. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Okay. So what is the usual time lag, sir, from the reduction of the basket of the price and your 
accumulating of the benefits of that? 
Subhash Anand: 
It depends, but we buy from 3, 4 sources, not just one source. So, each has a different formula. 
I call it linkages. Yes. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Understood, sir. And second is regarding your Nitric Acid business. I wanted to ask that other 
than the IPA, did you also see some kind of dumping from China as far as nitroaromatics 
compound is concerned due to which it would have reduced or impacted your margins on nitric 
acid front? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Nitric acid, when you are talking, yes, nitroaromatics do have challenges, because of 
imports coming in and that’s seeing a competition. But other side of things, the TAN business 
across the country is seeing a good demand and nitric acid is one of the important component or 
a raw material input for that business.  
So, nitric acid as a total business, we have not seen a challenge placing our nitric acid. Actually, 
if you see, we are, net-net, short of nitric acid. If we have more nitric acid, we can sell much 
more than what we are selling. So, we don’t see an immediate impact of one of the specific 
segments seeing a softness of nitric softness. Overall, we are comfortable when it comes to 
whatever capacity we have, we are able to place and place it comfortably at the right profit level. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Understood, sir. So was there a possibility in terms of getting the nitric acid from some other 
manufacturers and manufacturing ammonium nitrate from that, if you were seeing a good 
demand coming off for ammonium nitrate and you were filling short of the nitric acid, so was 
there a possibility? Or what do you think on that, sir? 
Subhash Anand: 
We continue to explore and keep looking for those opportunities. It’s not that we don’t do that. 
Whenever right opportunity, we continue to keep looking and keep doing it. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Understood, sir. Just a final question regarding the expansion. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Pratyush, can I request you to return to the question queue for a follow-
up question? 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Sure. Sure.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from 
Old Bridge. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions, rather bookkeeping. You said for TAN, is the license capacity 587 Kt 
or 630 Kt? 
Subhash Anand: 
It’s 587. TAN capacity you are taking. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Right. Okay. Got it. Second, how big is LDAN for you? And what is the significance of the B2C 
metric that you laid out in the presentation? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. No, in fact, the LDAN is basically a product, which gets used as an explosive in the mines 
or in infrastructure. So, we used to sell most of our product as a B2B segment of late. As a part 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
of our TCO, we started working with end consumers, which is various mines and infra and 
started working with them to supply LDAN directly to them. And that’s how our downstream 
business or a B2C journey in TAN is expanding. And now we have reached to a level where our 
18% of the share comes from our sale to B2C segments. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So just to understand correctly, if Coal India was your customer, was there an intermediary 
involved in between and now you are selling it to Coal India directly? Is that what you are trying 
to say? 
Subhash Anand: 
I will not say the name of the customer, XYZ. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
No, just an example, just an example. 
Subhash Anand: 
But your understanding is right. Earlier, we were going through intermediary, who were 
converting. Now, we are able to reach out directly and make our product available to them 
directly. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. And how are the metrics different for that business versus your overall business? Do you 
get higher pricing or your volume visibility is better, or your ability to protect your market share 
is better? Any insight would be helpful. 
Subhash Anand: 
All 3 actually, not just one. It gives me value-based pricing because the way our TCO model 
work, as we have explained earlier, we are moving towards productivity solutions to the end 
consumer. We are not just selling products. We are working as a partnership to them and showing 
we can improve their mines’ productivity or infra productivity. 
The moment we reach out to solutions, so it’s value pricing that help us to expand margin, that 
help us to improve stickiness, because then we become actually a true partner. And third thing, 
definitely, I call it once you have a stickiness in this, your market share improves. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, 18% is for FY ‘25, Q4? 
Subhash Anand: 
It’s Q4. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. A couple more on CAPEX. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Tarang, can we return to the question queue for a follow-up question? 
Tarang Agrawal: 
These are just objective one liner questions that I am asking. Just give me a couple more and 
then I will get back on the line.  
So sir, on CAPEX, if you could give us your overall CAPEX for FY ‘26 and ‘27, the maintenance 
CAPEX within that? And last, for Gopalpur and Dahej, what has been the CAPEX outlay till 
March ‘26 for ‘25? And what is the likely outlay in ‘26 and ‘27? Thanks, that’s it from me. 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. In fact, the total CAPEX this year, which we talked about FY ‘26, the 2 new projects, 
total CAPEX is expected to be around INR 4,500 crores, total I am talking. Out of that, our 
capitalization is around INR 1,400 crores. That’s what we already completed. So, balance is 
expected in the current year. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, INR 3,100 crores in FY ‘26, all of it? 
Subhash Anand: 
Because we have to complete the project. So, this is the CAPEX of this year expected. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And for your footprint, what is the maintenance CAPEX that you run with? 
Subhash Anand: 
That’s roughly around, I would say INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores. That’s the normal 
maintenance CAPEX, which will continue as a normal business. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sure. Thank you, I will join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Subhash Anand: 
Thanks. Thank you once again for your time and interest in Deepak Fertilisers and 
Petrochemicals Corporation Limited. We appreciate your continued support, and look forward 
to engaging with you in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Debasish Kedia 
Sr. GM - Finance 
debasish.kedia@dfpcl.com 
+91 20 6645 8797 
Subhash Anand 
President and CFO 
subhash.anand@dfpcl.com 
+91 20 6645 8797 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to DFPCL’s future 
business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future 
expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could 
cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, 
general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, 
competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, 
legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes 
no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
