 
 
Ref: SEC/249/2025-26 
May 18, 2025 
The Secretary, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Maharashtra, India. 
Scrip Code: 500470 
 
 The Manager, Listing Department 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
 G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
 Mumbai - 400 051. 
 Maharashtra, India. 
 Symbol: TATASTEEL 
 
Dear Madam, Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of ‘Tata Steel 4QFY2025 and FY2025 Earnings Discussion’ 
 
This has reference to our letter dated May 8, 2025 intimating that post the announcement of 
Financial Results of Tata Steel Limited (‘Company’) for the quarter and financial year ended  
March 31, 2025, the Company will host an Earnings Discussion on May 13, 2025. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 12, 2025 inter alia approved 
the Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended  
March 31, 2025. The Company hosted its Earnings Discussion on May 13, 2025. 
 
In this connection, we enclose herewith the transcript of the ‘Tata Steel 4QFY2025 and 
FY2025 Earnings Discussion’.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.tatasteel.com/investors/financial-performance/analyst-call-recording/ 
 
This intimation is being provided in compliance with Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A 
of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Tata Steel Limited 
 
 
Parvatheesam Kanchinadham 
Company Secretary and Chief Legal Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
PARVATHEESAM 
KANCHINADHAM
Digitally signed by 
PARVATHEESAM KANCHINADHAM 
Date: 2025.05.18 11:54:16 +05'30'

1 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS  
 
T V Narendran, CEO & MD – Tata Steel Limited  
Koushik Chatterjee, ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
Samita Shah, VP Corporate Finance, Treasury, & Risk Management – Tata Steel Limited 
 
CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS  
Amit Dixit, ICICI Securities 
Amit Murarka, Axis Capital 
Ashish Jain, Macquarie 
Prateek Singh, DAM Capital Advisors 
Ritesh Shah, Investec 
Satyadeep Jain, Ambit Capital 
Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities 
 
PRESENTATION 
Operator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tata Steel analyst call. Please note that this meeting is being 
recorded. All the attendees’ audio and video has been disabled from the backend and will be enabled subsequently. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Samita Shah. Thank you and over to you ma’am. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
Thank you, Kinshuk. Good afternoon, good morning, and good evening to all participants listening to the call. On behalf of 
Tata Steel, I'm delighted to welcome you to this call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and full year FY2025. We 
declared our results yesterday, and there is a detailed presentation along with the SEBI release on our website, which 
discusses the results. We will walk you through our results and answer any questions you may have. I just want to remind 
all of you that the entire discussion today will be covered by the Safe harbour clause, which is on page 2 of the presentation. 
The call today is led by our CEO & MD, Mr. TV Narendran, and our ED & CFO, Mr. Koushik Chatterjee. Thank you very 
much again for joining us today, I would request Naren to make a few opening comments before we throw the floor open 
for questions. Thank you. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited  
Thanks, Samita, and hello, everyone. I'll make a few comments and then pass it on to Koushik. FY2025 has been an 
important year for Tata Steel, and it demonstrates our ability to navigate a challenging operating environment and progress 
on our stated objectives across geographies. For most of the year, steel fundamentals diverged across regions with 
increasing exports from China weighing on price sentiment. Since January, evolution of US policy and different nations 
focusing on protecting local industry has led to varied price momentum across India, Europe and UK. At the same time, 
China continues to struggle with declining steel consumption. Regions like UK which are yet to review their quotas, have 
struggled a little bit more. As you may be aware, in Europe, they have refined the quotas that are available for imports, 
which has acted to limit the imports. In India, also, there's a safeguard duty, which has helped us.  

2 
 
 
Amongst the operating geographies, India remains a structurally attractive market, and we are committed to leadership in 
chosen segments. Our annual performance has been aided by the commissioning of India's largest blast furnace at 
Kalinganagar, coupled with initiatives to enhance the cost competitiveness and product mix. We achieved highest ever 
crude steel production of ~21.7 million tons and deliveries of ~20.9 million tons for the full year. Across our sites, excluding 
Kalinganagar which is ramping up, we operated close to 100% capacity utilisation. That is an outcome of the way we 
design our plants, our best - in - class maintenance practices and our superior marketing and sales network, which helps 
us maximise our deliveries across cycles in the domestic market. Coming to the segments, deliveries to the automotive 
segment were aided by focus on new product development, especially hi-strength steels and enhanced capabilities on 
account of the new continuous annealing line at Kalinganagar. We became the first company to localise select automotive 
product grades i.e. CP780 and through our joint venture JCAPCPL, commenced supply of DP780 grade to aid automotive 
OEMs in their lightweighting initiatives. We also cater to the growing requirements of high - quality wire rods for the auto 
industry, and these deliveries were also positively impacted by the successful commissioning of the world's longest Stelmor 
conveyor line [inaudible] in Jamshedpur. We expect further progress in product mix with the 0.5 MTPA Combi mill, which 
is being set up in Jamshedpur and will use steel that is made out of the erstwhile Usha Martin plant, which is called Tata 
Steel Gamharia. The furnace has already been commissioned and trials are underway. Over the next few months, the 
other facilities will also be commissioned.  
 
Our Branded Products and Retail vertical achieved volumes of around 7 million tons aided by best ever sales of Tata 
Tiscon, Tata Astrum and Tata Steelium. Tata Tiscon volumes grew by about 19% YoY. It is second year in succession 
that they've had double - digit growth, and it has reached 2.4 million tons, while our hot-rolled brand, Tata Astrum, and our  
cold-rolled brand, Tata Steelium, together achieved record sales of 3.8 million tons. Our e-commerce platform, Aashiyana 
served more than 1 lac unique customers during the year with a gross merchandise value of over Rs. 3,500 crores. Moving 
to Industrial Products & Projects, Engineering witnessed double digit growth and contributed to construction of around 
2,500 kilometres of oil & gas pipelines. Once the Kalinganagar plant was commissioned, we had said that we will focus on 
oil & gas because that's also a high - end approval based business, just like the automotive business. In line with our focus 
to grow in chosen segments, we have now also forayed into commercial shipbuilding, supplying grades to various 
shipbuilders in India, including Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders, Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Cochin Shipyard [inaudible]. 
Our capacity investments are also progressing well across sites. At Kalinganagar, the 5 MTPA blast furnace continues to 
ramp up, and the civil work is in progress for the EAF in Ludhiana, which we hope to commission in the next 12 months. 
Specific to downstream, the Continuous Galvanising Lines are expected to be commissioned in the coming months, while 
the ramp up is in progress for the 100,000 ton per annum tubular structural mill that we have set up in Jamshedpur.  
 
In UK, we have safely decommissioned both the blast furnaces at Port Talbot and smoothly transitioned to serving 
customers via downstream processing of purchase substrate. Our annual deliveries stood at 2.5 million tons and were 
lower on YoY basis. UK steel prices are still 8% below the levels that we saw last year due to import pressures and 
subdued demand situation. As such, we focused on transforming operations towards a sustainable model, and the shift in 
the operating model, coupled with our focus on controllable costs, has led to improvement in fixed cost base by about 
£230 million on an annual basis. Unfortunately, this is not visible yet in the performance due to the market dynamics. With 
respect to the proposed transition to green steelmaking, we have received planning permission for the EAF and are gearing 
up for the civil work and construction activity to begin by July. In Netherlands, liquid steel production was near capacity at 
6.75 million tons, the highest in many years. This in part has led to a 17% YoY increase in deliveries to 6.25 million tons 
for the full year. EBITDA remained positive on full year basis and deliveries for the quarter at 1.75 million tons were the 
highest quarterly volumes in the last six years. We recently launched a cost competitiveness program targeting €500 

3 
 
 
million savings in FY2026. The transformation is a building block to ensure that Tata Steel Netherlands becomes one of 
the most efficient and sustainable sites in Europe. We are engaged with the government team to support our integrated 
decarbonisation and environmental measures projects.  
 
I am happy to share that Tata Steel has been recognised by worldsteel as a Sustainability Champion for the eighth year 
in a row. With that, I hand over to Koushik for his comments. Thank you. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
Thank you, Naren, Good afternoon, good evening to all those who have joined in. I will cover three themes: firstly, the 
performance; secondly, our cost transformation program across geographies, what we have done so far and what we are 
targeting in the next 12 - 18 months. Thirdly, an update on decarbonisation strategy and actions in UK and Netherlands. 
Let me start with our production performance for the quarter and the year FY2025. While you would have seen the 
production filings, I wanted to highlight that for the full year in India, we have increased our production from Tata Steel 
Kalinganagar by 1 million tons. For the India business, our production increased by about 0.9 million tons, taking into 
account the shutdown that we have taken for our G - blast furnace relining, which is currently on, and we hope to complete 
it by July 2025. In Netherlands, crude steel production for the year was 6.75 million tons, which is almost at full capacity. 
As you know, in the UK, our business model has changed, and we are now operating as a finishing facility with purchased 
substrate, including from India, Netherlands and external sources.  
 
Moving to the financial performance for the quarter and full year, our consolidated performance for the quarter has been 
provided in slide 23 of the presentation. Consolidated revenues for the Jan to March quarter stood at about Rs. 56,218 
crores, up 5% QoQ primarily driven by seasonally strong volumes in India and Netherlands. Steel realisations improved in 
India by around Rs. 600 per ton, but revenue per ton was down by about £53 per ton in UK and €79 per ton in Netherlands 
on QoQ basis. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was about Rs. 6,762 crores, which translates to a margin of 12%, up 
by about 100 basis points QoQ. India EBITDA margin was higher at 21% and translated to Rs. 7,418 crores, and 
Netherlands was about Rs. 125 crores, which was partly offset by the EBITDA loss in Tata Steel UK. Tata Steel Standalone 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 7,105 crores, which translates to around Rs. 12,700 per ton. As I mentioned during the 
3QFY25 earnings call, there was a non - cash credit of Rs. 1,413 crores or Rs. 2,670 per ton. Excluding this, standalone 
EBITDA has actually improved by close to Rs. 1,000 per ton on QoQ basis. I want to make a special mention about the 
NINL performance. It has consistently improved across the quarters and recorded an increase in EBITDA of 9% QoQ to 
Rs. 323 crores, which is a margin of about 23%. The most heartening part in NINL is that it has achieved Rs. 1,000 crore 
EBITDA in the year, reflecting an EBITDA margin of 19% and cashflow of Rs. 1,000 crores even in these challenging 
market conditions. NINL will remain as one of Tata Steel's most promising growth prospects in the coming years as we 
are working on its expansion plans. At our overseas operations, efforts towards cost reduction, operational KPI 
improvements and product mix optimisation are showing visible benefits despite spreads moving to a multi-year low. In 
Netherlands, fourth quarter EBITDA improved to €14 million and coupled with working capital release of ~€300 million, led 
to free cashflow over €200 million. In UK, our fixed cost improved by £69 per ton QoQ, but this was more than offset by 
the drop in the revenue per ton and the higher substrate prices leading to an EBITDA loss of £80 million in 4Q. UK 
underlying EBITDA loss in 4Q has trended down vs. 3Q. When I speak about our cost transformation program in a short 
while, I will cover further efforts in UK. Our consolidated operating cashflow after interest & adjustments for the quarter 
stood at Rs. 7,700 crores, aided by EBITDA performance and sharp focus on working capital that ensured a cash release 
of Rs. 4,300 crores. 

4 
 
 
Let me now move to the full year performance, which has been provided in slide 25 of the presentation. There are four big 
headlines I would like to highlight - Firstly, in spite of our multi-year low in steel prices and reduced steel raw material 
spreads, our consolidated EBITDA for the year was Rs. 25,802 crores vs. Rs. 23,402 crores in FY2024, which is a growth 
of 10% YoY. This reflects 200 basis point increase in consolidated EBITDA vs. FY2024. Secondly, the structural cost 
takeout across all entities of Tata Steel during FY2025 was about Rs. 6,600 crores focusing on fixed cost takeout, 
efficiencies in manufacturing, procurement, raw material optimisation with leaner coal blends and fixed overheads. This is 
a companywide program, and I'll talk shortly on what we aim to do in the next 12 - 18 months. Thirdly, and even more 
important, is to demonstrate the cashflow orientation of the entire company. Our operating cash flows after interest & 
adjustments for the year increased by 37% YoY from Rs. 12,941 crores to Rs. 17,700 crores despite challenging market 
conditions. Fourthly, our Netherlands operations marked a significant turnaround in EBITDA during the year from a -ve 
EBITDA of €426 million in FY2024 to generation of €90 million in FY2025, an improvement of more than €500 million. If I 
consider the operating turnaround at the FY2024 prices and spreads, it would actually be a €900 million turnaround. While 
there is lots to do, the direction of the movement is very clear, and we will continue on this path.  
 
India EBITDA for the full year stood at Rs. 29,285 crores with Standalone EBITDA of Rs. 28,217 crores. Standalone 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 13,500 per ton. The EBITDA performance was aided by a 5% increase in volumes, lower raw material 
and operating costs and special actions that I talked earlier. Total costs improved by more than Rs. 5,700 per ton. Our UK 
operations too are progressing as per stated plan, while the full year EBITDA was -ve £385 million. It is a tale of two halves 
with EBITDA in second half improving by £90 million vs. the first half. The closure of the heavy end steelmaking by 
September 2024 and concerted efforts to optimise costs led to reduction in fixed costs by around £160 million in the second 
half and £230 million for the full year. 
 
Now let me provide some details on our cost transformation program. The structural cost takeouts in FY2025, as I 
mentioned earlier, were about Rs. 6,600 crores vs. FY2024. Looking ahead to FY2026, our focus continues to be on 
controllable factors, and we are targeting further cost takeouts of almost Rs. 11,500 crores, roughly about $1.3 billion 
across geographies by focusing on controllable costs. Let me outline some specifics. Firstly, in India, we intend to deliver 
savings of Rs. 4,000 crores by focusing on operating KPIs, employee productivity, supply chain optimisation, coupled with 
investment in projects with low payback period. There is a specific focus on conversion cost, and our aim is to optimise 
conversion costs by about Rs. 1,000 - 1,200 per ton. We have identified a pipeline of low capex, high IRR projects totalling 
less than Rs. 500 crores, that will improve operational cost and be completed in a short span of time. In the UK, we intend 
to continue progressing on achieving a lean structure by further reduction in fixed costs of 29% YoY of around £220 million. 
Key levers range from optimising the cost of substrate and upgradation of IT infrastructure to reduce corporate overheads 
and rationalisation of downstream operations to improve the profitability. Our total fixed cost in FY2024 was about £995 
million, which reduced to about £762 million in FY2025, and we target to bring it to around £540 million in the next financial 
year. In Netherlands, we intend to achieve savings of around £500 million, and the program encompasses multiple areas 
such as volume maximisation, product mix, repair and maintenance, employee productivity and others. We are also in 
discussions with the unions on the transformation project.  
 
Let me now touch upon capital allocation before moving to decarbonisation update. Of the generated cashflows in FY2025, 
we spent about Rs. 15,671 crores on capex. Our net debt stands at about Rs. 82,579 crores, which has come down from 
Rs. 88,870 crores in September 2024, by about Rs. 6,200 crores in the last six months. We plan to spend about Rs. 15,000 
crores of capex in the next financial year, and of this close to 75% is [inaudible] in India, including the last part of Tata 
Steel Kalinganagar spend on the third caster and related facilities. The EAF project in Ludhiana is being focused and there 

5 
 
 
are several smaller projects, which are also meant for asset reliability and performance efficiency. Our work on engineering 
for the next phase of expansion in NINL is ongoing and the regulatory clearance process on environment are also 
underway. Our capital allocation will continue to be prioritised towards capacity growth and downstream facilities in 
structurally attractive Indian markets. In UK and Europe, the focus is largely on decarbonisation with material support from 
the government. As you are aware, we have secured £500 million support from the UK government for the transition to 
scrap - based electric arc manufacturing. We have now got the planning approvals, identified the technology providers, 
and the design engineering work is almost complete. We have spent about £35 million on the project in FY2025, and we 
will commence site activities in the next few months. In Netherlands, we are in intense discussions with the Netherlands 
government to secure funding and policy support to enable the decarbonisation and environmental project. The Dutch 
government has completed the pre-notification filing with the European Commission regarding the project and all 
stakeholders are working on various subjects relating to the project. The Dutch government has updated its parliament, 
confirming talks with us and the European Commission relating to the project. 
 
I would now like to walk you through an accounting change that we have made in the standalone financial statements in 
order to have a clearer view of the underlying business performance going forward. The valuation of investments in 
subsidiaries is tested against the present value of the future cash flows over the long term. For this, it is necessary to take 
a view on the business landscape in the decade beyond 2030. Tata Steel UK has transitioned its business model to a 
downstream only play and is undertaking an investment to build the EAF in Port Talbot by FY2027-28 end. Tata Steel 
Netherlands is in discussions with the government for the project to replace one of the two blast furnaces and coke ovens 
with a DRI - EAF combination by around 2030. The primary drivers of the profitability for future businesses will, therefore, 
change from traditional steel price to iron ore and coal basket spread to the following: it will be influenced by the Carbon 
Border Adjustment Mechanism, infrastructure and availability of clean fuel and the carbon capture options, local availability 
and pricing of scrap, willingness and ability of customers to pay additional premium for low CO2 steel and circularity and 
other regulatory costs, including fixed network costs for electricity, hydrogen and natural gas. These factors, which will be 
the primary drivers of the business in Europe, are all currently evolving with significant changes in market regulations being 
implemented. There are multiple risks and opportunities with relation to how they will play out over the next few years, 
impacting the current value of the business at this point of time. The company has, therefore, concluded that carrying these 
investments in UK and Netherlands at historical cost less impairment under Ind AS 27 is no longer appropriate. Tata Steel 
has, therefore, voluntarily changed its accounting policy to carry the equity investment in subsidiaries at fair value under 
Ind AS 109. This also addresses the reliability issues that Ind AS 8 talks about. The move to fair valuation more accurately 
reflects the underlying value of the business, including the potential upside in valuation in the coming years, as the 
uncertainty over the regulatory and market factor reduces. Having opted to account these investments at fair value under 
Ind AS 109, the company has also opted to route the fair value changes between accounting periods through the other 
comprehensive income. This allows the company to keep the movements in fair value of the long-term strategic assets 
distinct from the underlying financial performance of the company's regular business activities. Based on the fair value 
assessment, Tata Steel has recognised an adjustment in the fair value in the investment in subsidiaries only in the 
Standalone financial statements through OCI of around Rs. 24,829 crores in the quarter and Rs. 23,606 crores in the year 
ended 31st March 2025, respectively. This is a non-cash adjustment, and there is no impact on the consolidated financial 
statements. The losses sustained by Tata Steel UK and recently by Tata Steel Netherlands in the last few years have 
already been reflected in the consolidated financial statements. As a result of the change in the accounting policy, there 
will be greater consistency between the consolidated and the standalone financial statements. As of 31st March 2025, the 
standalone net worth stands at Rs. 1,23,544 crores, whereas the consolidated net worth is at Rs. 87,770 crores.  

6 
 
 
Finally, with relation to the US - UK trade deal, steel & aluminium tariffs on UK origin goods are now eliminated. This is a 
positive, although with limited impact on Tata Steel UK, which exports mostly packaging products of a small quantity. There 
is a larger positive indirect impact for our customers through the automotive tariffs, which have been reduced to 10% for  
defined quota of vehicles. The automotive sector in UK is also likely to be positively impacted with UK - India trade deal. 
After closure of the blast furnaces in the UK, Tata Steel UK is now servicing its customers on basis of imported slabs and 
HRC, especially from India, after processing them at local downstream facilities. We expect no material change or impact 
on our supply chain from the trade deals. With this, I’ll end my comments and open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 
Operator 
We will now begin the Q&A session, and the first question is from Prateek Singh of DAM Capital. 
 
Prateek Singh, DAM Capital Advisors 
I wanted to get a sense of how prices have moved currently vs. the last quarter, both in Europe and in India? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited  
In India, we are guiding that prices this quarter will be about Rs. 3,000 per ton higher than what it was last quarter. In 
Europe, it's about €20 – 30 per ton higher than last quarter. 
 
Prateek Singh, DAM Capital Advisors 
Given we have long-term contracts, how should we see it? Prices in the spot market have gone about $150 per ton over 
the last 2 - 3 months. Would you be seeing the full impact 2 - 3 quarters down the line? Or is it futile to track those prices 
and prices will change at the year end? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
I don't think it has gone up in spot markets by that much. Having said that, I think more to your specific question, we have 
our annual contracts, which are normally negotiated in November - December. They are typically the packaging and 
automotive contracts. These typically are much higher than the spot prices. So when you go up and down also in those 
contracts, it may be up and down compared to the previous contract, but typically higher than the spot prices. The spot 
price impact maybe about 30 - 40% of the volume in Netherlands and a similar level, maybe slightly higher in UK. So that's 
where the spot impact comes in, which is more the monthly prices on what we supply to engineering or what we supply to 
some of the other segments. If you look at steel prices, it has fluctuated in a $50 per ton range. If you look at China, if you 
look at Southeast Asia, it's gone up and down in the $50 per ton range over the last few months. What has helped is 
actually the coking coal price is going down, which has helped spreads more than steel price itself moving up too much. 
 
Prateek Singh, DAM Capital Advisors 
My second question is a medium-term question. What is your view on Jamshedpur given the legacy cost issues and a bit 
of operational disadvantage we have given smaller blast furnaces there? Is there a medium-term plan here? 
 

7 
 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
We do have some legacy costs in Jamshedpur, but a lot of work is going on to address that. Having said that, if you 
distribute some of the costs which we incur in Jamshedpur over the other side, the gap is not as much as it may seem 
because, for instance, all the R&D facilities are located in Jamshedpur. Procurement facilities are largely located in 
Jamshedpur. There are some of those costs which Jamshedpur bears more than the others. The advantage, as you said, 
in Kalinganagar is you have bigger facilities, two blast furnaces, making 8 MTPA, one steel melt shop making 8 MTPA. 
You start with productivity advantage; you also start with the younger workforce. These are the advantages Kalinganagar 
has over Jamshedpur. So, when I look at a cost on HRC basis, the gap is now reducing between Jamshedpur and the 
other sites because of many of the actions that we have taken over the years. But this work continues. Also, we should 
keep in mind that we have almost 1,000 people retiring from Tata Steel amongst the unionised workers in Jamshedpur 
every year, between Jamshedpur and the raw material location, that also helps us bring down the legacy cost because 
since 2007, the rate structure in Tata Steel is very different from what it was before that. 
 
Operator 
The next question is from Ritesh Shah of Investec 
 
Ritesh Shah, Investec 
I think we have taken an approval of infusing another $2.5 billion into Europe. Any specific reason for the same given we 
already are on a route where we have funding from the government in UK. And Netherlands, you have a transformation 
program in place. If you could please help us understand that? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
This is similar to what we did last year. It is not new investment. It is rebalancing the debt between overseas debt and India 
debt. Effectively, that makes a lot of sense because, a) to reduce currency fluctuation; b) to get post tax cost down. We 
are effectively looking at debt that sits in various parts of the overseas entities, including in UK [inaudible] to be more from 
an India perspective because they are anyways serviced currently out of India. Therefore, it is a rebalancing exercise, no 
new investment. Only a small sliver of that investment will be the investment that is going on in the UK, which is relating 
to the EAF projects which is 40% shared by the government and 60% is on our account. But that number this year is not 
going to be significant. Fundamentally, the principle is to onshore more of the debt. 
 
Ritesh Shah, Investec 
My second question is on the cost takeout. In the prior call, we had indicated for Tata Steel Netherlands around €500 
million. In this presentation, we have given a number of Rs. 4,500 crores. Is it the same number? Or is it a top up? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
It is the same number. 
 
 
 
 

8 
 
 
Ritesh Shah, Investec 
Okay. Specifically for UK, again, we have given a number of around Rs. 3,000 crores. This effectively implies 36% of the 
cost base ex raw material, which effectively could translate to nearly $100 [inaudible]. What are the underlying variables 
that we are looking at over here? Is this an exit rate that you are looking for FY2026? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
It is indeed the exit rate, but it is the total cost takeout. As I mentioned in my comments that we have a total fixed cost of 
£995 million when we were running on an integrated basis. We reduced it to £760 million this year, and our intent is to 
further reduce the cost to about £540 million. If I give you a sense of the itemised part, this is all fixed cost. Therefore, like 
the maintenance, hire and leasing, some part of it is the employment, and then there are other operating charges. These 
are the ones which will be going down significantly compared to FY2024. We stepped down in FY2025 and expect to go 
down even more in FY2026. This is the year end number that I'm talking about. 
 
Ritesh Shah, Investec 
Specifically on cost take out. Historically, we have given disclosure for Indian operations. Likewise, if you look at Tata Steel 
Europe, we had indicated cost transformation programs in year FY2020, FY2021, and FY2024. I think the cumulative 
number is almost like £700 million plus. However, when we look at the implied cost, ex raw material, ex power & fuel, we 
don't see the stickiness of the cost savings, be it for Tata Steel Europe. How to better understand or appreciate the stuff 
that you're doing? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
Let’s take Europe first. So in Europe, the cost takeouts where there is also an offsetting factor. When, for example, the 
Ukraine War began, the gas prices changed very significantly. The inflation numbers were very high. So we had inflation 
as far as employment cost is concerned and the inflation impact on the conversion cost was very clearly reflected, which 
did not get compensated by any price increases in steel post 2022 - 23. That has been one of the most important elements. 
In India, [inaudible] is actually an anti-inflationary KPI improvement process. S0, when we look at individual physical KPIs, 
we were always looking at improving the KPIs and monetising or giving the monetary value on standard cost basis. While 
that continues and that has actually become much larger, we are now also tracking absolute costs. Absolute cost takeouts 
have actually been supplemented on top of it to make it more accountable so that you can trace it from your financial 
statements. That's how we are looking at it. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited  
Let me put it this way. When we look at improvement, we look at KPIs and are the KPIs improving. If that KPI has improved, 
how much is the cost savings, and that is what is normally reported in Shikhar and any of our [inaudible] programs. But 
let's say, if the coal price in one year is $200 per ton and the coal price in another year is $300 per ton, even if you've 
improved your coke rate by 10 - 15 kilos, that improvement, which is there gets wiped out by the increased coal price and 
the coke rate. A lower coke rate at a higher coke price offsets you know, what you had at a higher coke rate and a lower 
price. So just to give you an example of that. Secondly, in Europe, one thing which has gone up over the years is the CO2 
costs, which used to be maybe five years back, €14 – 15, which went up to €80 - 90, and now it's down to about €70. 
There are some elements of costs which have gone up. There are many KPIs where we have improved, particularly in 

9 
 
 
India. In Europe, I think we are still early in this journey, particularly Netherlands, and we are running with it just now 
because traditionally, Netherlands has always been EBITDA and cash positive, only in the last couple of years when things 
went south, did we really pin in on some of these things. In UK, of course, it's been an ongoing activity. Even if I take the 
Netherlands and UK numbers, while Netherlands has shown an improvement in EBITDA from maybe €430 million or 
something negative EBITDA to about €80 - 90 million positive EBITDA. If the prices were the same as last year, it would 
have been actually €500 million positive. Because of the price drop, you've actually seen negation of some of the 
improvement. Similarly, in the UK, a lot of this cost takeout is not visible because again, the prices have dropped and 
wiped out whatever this £200 - 300 million cost take out that we take. I think your point is how do we reconcile this better. 
Maybe we'll discuss [inaudible] to see how when we present it, we can separate out the improvements from the external 
factors, which kind of distort some of these improvements. 
 
Operator 
The next question is from Satyadeep Jain of Ambit Capital. 
 
Satyadeep Jain, Ambit Capital 
This question basically comes from the fact that Tata Steel has been around for decades. Now these anti-inflationary cost 
takeout that you are talking about, which are different from the earlier ones. What has led you to now look at these cost 
savings that the company had not seen before? Is it the prolonged downturn that is making steelmakers like yourself look 
at some takeouts? If that's the case, what is unique about the takeouts you are doing? If the entire industry, including the 
Chinese also look at improving coke rate because of the downturn, then everybody's cost goes down, then who's the 
beneficiaries? I wanted to understand what is unique to what Tata Steel is doing, what others might not be able to replicate? 
And why now? Why couldn't you do it earlier? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited  
Firstly, in our kind of business, which is cyclical, you always have to be the last man standing. Cost takeout will go on 
forever. Ten years later, also, you'll be talking of cost takeout because you'll always have to dig deeper to see how you 
take out costs. When you compare with the Chinese, the challenge we are facing, is that the Chinese are able to sell steel 
at 3 - 4% EBITDA margin or negative EBITDA margin and continue to grow. They still have money to invest in growth. It's 
not a model, which is market driven. There are supports, which are sometimes not visible. That has been our submission 
to the government. It's not about competitiveness. It's about what the cost structure is and how do these businesses survive 
with such low margins and still continue to grow where the cashflow is only there to invest to grow. We have to do what 
we have to do to keep improving the situation. For us, it's about that. The India business because of our backward 
integration, we continue to be one of the lowest cost producers of steel in the world. The Russians are the only ones who 
are maybe slightly better from a cost point of view compared to the Indian steelmakers because the rouble is where it is, 
and Russia has its own iron ore and coal. Globally, if you look at the Indian steel industry, not just at Tata Steel, we are 
favourably positioned as a country to make steel, and Tata Steel is certainly one of the most favourably positioned. In 
Europe, the cost structures are higher. Prices are also higher. Typically, prices in Europe are $100 per ton higher than in 
India because of the fact that there are limitations on how much you can sell into Europe. Everyone's cost structure in 
Europe is there. In Europe, the effort is always to be the last man standing in Europe. You cannot be the last man standing 
in the world out of a European operation. But you can try to be the last man standing in Europe, and which is what our 
Dutch business traditionally used to be apart from the problems we've had in the last couple of years. To go back to your 

10 
 
 
question, if I look at it, UK has always been doing this through restructuring, we've taken out costs, we've sold some of the 
assets, and we continue to restructure. But the steel industry has gone through cycles, particularly in the last 6 - 7 years 
with China exporting 100 million tons. We've gone through cycles, which you've not seen in the past. What was done in 
the past is never enough, we need to do more. In India, when we acquired these new assets, whether it's Bhushan, whether 
it's Neelachal, we've had a lot to do to take out costs. While Jamshedpur does what it has to do, if I look at it on a 
consolidated basis, in each of these whether its Usha Martin plant that we acquired, the Bhushan plant that we have 
acquired, Neelachal plant [inaudible]. The Neelachal plant alone, we've taken out almost Rs. 30,000 of cost per ton. That's 
why Neelachal today, a plant which was shut down because it was not financially viable, is today making Rs. 1,000 crores 
EBITDA and Rs. 1,000 crores cashflows. When you acquire new assets, you obviously have to do a lot of work on cost 
takeouts, which is what we are doing in India. When you build new assets, you can build it more cost efficiently like we 
built in Kalinganagar. There will always be something new to do. Today, technology allows us to see costs in far more 
detail than before. The analytics that we are doing, the AI that we have in our systems. For instance, on maintenance, we 
have moved from preventive to predictive to prescriptive maintenance. Then the asset utilisation improves. You have far 
more insights because you have far more data than you had even five years back. You can plan your cost takeouts very 
differently. You can optimise on your blends of coal very differently than you could five years back because we have a lot 
more data. Using technology, using the learnings from the past, learnings from different assets, this is something that we 
are constantly pushing ourselves. Everyone else also does that. Obviously, if you can do it better than the others, you 
continue to be the last man standing. Our objective in India, our assets should be one of the last man standing in the world. 
In Europe, it should be the last man standing in Europe. In UK, as Koushik said, and which we said before, when we closed 
the blast furnace and moved to an EAF, we have said that structurally, our cost improves by at least £150 per ton. Instead 
of importing iron ore and coal and making steel there, you're using locally available scrap. You're reducing the fixed costs 
like we've described by £400 million. In the next down cycle, UK will be in a much better position. Otherwise, typically when 
steel prices drop, the first place in our portfolio to lose money is UK. Second place to lose money is Netherlands. [inaudible] 
India, as you know, even in the last two years, EBITDA margin is 20% plus. Within our assets also, we try to see how we 
can, in the geographies that we are in, be the last man standing or last person standing. In the Indian context, we have 
the potential to be the last man standing in the world, and that's what we always aspire to. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
Just to add, Satyadeep, to what Naren articulated, the cost takeout in Tata Steel India started in 1995 and never stopped. 
All that we are saying is we are upping the game to make it more structural and make it larger in size. [inaudible] it started 
in 1995 and never stopped. I think we are just being cognizant of the fact that uncertainties of the market need us to step 
up the game, whether it is unique or not, that is for others to say, but for our own sake, we need to do that. In Netherlands 
also, with the uncertainties in the market, higher regulatory costs, CO2 costs in particular, it requires a structural change. 
There also, while it has been efficient itself, but post BF6 reline, it is actually Netherlands 2.0. We are looking at a different 
cost structure, a different way of making and delivering steel. And in UK, it’s completely structural change. We need to 
ensure that we have to be ready for FY2027 - 28. [inaudible] We are pursuing the goal of ensuring, on an underlying basis, 
Tata Steel UK becomes EBITDA positive and sustaining from a cashflow point of view. So, these are the drivers which are 
pushing us to ensure that we relook at it in a very different context. 
 
Satyadeep Jain, Ambit Capital 
I get the point. We are trying to figure out if everybody is trying to be the last man standing, challenge is one year later 
everybody looks at cost, but EBITDA doesn't change. That the fundamental reality in commodity business?  

11 
 
 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
I want to add a little bit to that. One is the cost side, which we described. The other side is on revenue. That's why the 
product mix is important. Like you said, in cost, the opportunity is not infinite. It's finite. Whereas on the other side, you 
have a lot more you can do. Let's say, we say we look at the high-end markets, the approval-based markets, we look at 
our branded and distribution business, we look at downstream businesses, so on and so forth. There is a lever on the 
revenue side to supplement the lever on the cost side. Both are important. 
 
Satyadeep Jain, Ambit Capital 
Last question from my side, just putting you on the spot, let's say, one year down the line, everything remains the same. 
Prices are the same, raw material prices, coal, power, should we be looking €100 per ton EBITDA for Netherlands given 
cost takeout. You were talking about €500 million, which is about €70 per ton and the cost savings. Everything remaining 
the same, you are saying we should be looking at €100 per ton EBITDA for Netherlands?  
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
€70 - 80 per ton is what we are seeing in Netherlands, we will move towards. Eventually, yes, we should be aiming towards 
€100 per ton but €70 - 80 per ton is what we have basically said we should be chasing. In UK, all things remaining same, 
just through the cost takeouts etc. we should be EBITDA neutral or EBITDA positive, which if the steel prices have not 
dropped so much in the last few quarters, we would have already achieved. I think that is where we are. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
That's correct. 
 
Operator 
Next question is from Amit Dixit of ICICI Securities. 
 
Amit Dixit, ICICI Securities 
Could you please tell us the volume guidance for India and consolidated for FY2026? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
The volume guidance is roughly 1.5 million tons of additional deliveries. Most of it is in India because UK will be flat, 
Netherlands will be slightly higher. In India, basically, we'll have about 2 million tons extra out of Kalinganagar, but we 
have the H blast furnace reline due in Jamshedpur. This year, we had G blast furnace relining. So, net - net, the volume 
increase guidance is 1.5 million tons. 
 
Amit Dixit, ICICI Securities 
Are there any additional volumes from Ludhiana? 
 
 

12 
 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
Not yet. We are hoping to commission the plant by the end of this financial year, but nothing material. You will see the 
volume impact next year. You will see the complete Kalinganagar volume impact next year. This year, we will finish 
Kalinganagar at close to 7 million tons; 6.8 million tons of steel and 7.5 million tons of hot metal. By next year, we will have 
a ramp-up because the steel melt shop will be complete. The third caster and everything else will come by September and  
next year, you will start seeing the additional volume coming out of Ludhiana as well. 
 
Amit Dixit, ICICI Securities 
In terms of cost, again, our Jamshedpur and India operation is, I would say, one of the most efficient operations, not only 
in India, but the world. Just wanted to understand the Rs. 4,000 crores that we have targeted for the year. Is there any 
tangible scope to reduce the cost further? If so, what are the broad buckets? Is it procurement? Is it supplier optimisation? 
Considering that you achieved Rs. 4,000 crores of saving, and as you said, it is a continuous process, will there be further 
targets for Jamshedpur or India operations to reduce cost? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
So I think I'll let Koushik give you more details. Broadly, this is not just Jamshedpur. This is India operations. When we say 
Rs. 4,000 crores, there is a lot which we are doing through, for instance, optimisation of our contracts because we have 
multiple sites now. Each site used to have its own contracting for maintenance, services, etc. We are doing a lot of work 
on vendor development so that we are not dependent more and more on proprietary items. It can be sourced from 
elsewhere. There are a lot of these kind of initiatives, which will benefit all four sites, and there are smaller sites like 
Ludhiana which will come into play. Jamshedpur will continue to benefit from the reduction in wage bill because most of 
the older workers are in Jamshedpur, and when they retire, there is a benefit. These are conversion costs. They are not 
linked to raw materials. You may change a blend of coal that you buy and get cost benefit but this Rs. 4,000 crores is not 
hoping that coal prices drop and things like that. It is more on the conversion side. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
Amit, just to give you slightly additional flavor on this. One, this Rs. 4,000 crores is based on multiple areas. Stores, repairs, 
maintenance, fixed cost. In fact, we have taken Rs. 533 odd crores of exceptional charge, which is last quarter we had 
about 1,100 people leaving the company. There is a people reduction cost. There is a store, spares, repairs cost reduction. 
The model in how we procure has changed. As Naren mentioned in one of the answers, we are using a lot more digital 
and analytics to figure out which model works better in terms of procurement. We are doing a lot more with our vendors 
and our OEM suppliers. There are multiple areas, and it is now across all sites. It is in Kalinganagar, Meramandali, 
Jamshedpur and across mines and collieries. It is a full [inaudible] of it, and we are targeting that on a monthly basis 
[inaudible]. This journey is unlikely to spend and kind of get over. What happens is the first year, which was the last year, 
we could deep dive in and get some which are very apparent. This year, we are going to work the pieces to ensure that 
we get to the next level. As we go in the future, there are opportunities which are investment led. So you take this, low 
capex & high IRR or low payback period investments, which gives almost back in six months' time etc. Now there are times 
and opportunities when these come up because when we have multiple shutdowns, we can do this kind of stuff. I think 
that is the theme in which we are working. We will continue to work these work streams going forward too. This is not just 
a one year target. We have now remodelled our improvement programs. The same is happening in Netherlands also. We 
are also doing cross learning between India, UK and Netherlands. There are some areas where we are looking at vendors, 

13 
 
 
we are looking at procurement. So, it is cross-functional, cross-site and cross-entity now. It is a lot of hard work, but I think 
there is a big price to chase for. 
 
Operator 
Next question is from Ashish Jain, Macquarie. 
 
Ashish Jain, Macquarie 
Sir, my first question is on infusion of $2.5 billion. You gave some of the drivers of that infusion. Should we think that this 
is the final number given Netherlands will hopefully become self-sufficient from a cashflow point of view, UK cashflows 
should improve. From a 3 - 5 year perspective, is this final support from India balance sheet to European operations? 
 
I also have a question on cost. If I look at our EBITDA for this year, on a consolidated level it is Rs. 25,000 crores, by and 
large. If I look at the last two years, each year, we have spoken about roughly Rs. 6,000 - odd crores of cost savings. 
Should we think that if not for these cost savings our EBITDA would have been like Rs. 12,000 crores? Is this cost really 
translating one-on-one in P&L and cashflows as well or is there a slightly different way to think about the historical cost 
savings? My last question is about Rs. 4,000 crores of saving in India. It translates to roughly Rs. 2,000 per ton of EBITDA. 
Again, does it reset India base case or worst case EBITDA per ton assuming last year was the worst case EBITDA at 
around Rs. 12,000 - Rs. 13,000 is the [inaudible] EBITDA? Is that the way one should think about it? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
So if I look at reversing your order of the questions, First is, if you look at India, we have often said that in down cycle, 
we've been around 20 - 22% EBITDA margin, in medium cycle, we've typically been at 25 - 28% and in up cycle close to 
38 - 40%. Your question is about whether it resets. I think we are looking at the cost side, not linking it to the revenue side 
because the revenue will come. As TSK ramps up, our downstream facilities ramp up, our revenue per ton will increase 
even on a mid-cycle basis. Often when we look at EBITDA, it clouds our mind that we are good in 22 - 28%. It often takes 
away the fact that in the cost side, we need to drive it on an individual basis. Honestly, in a historical way, certain costs 
have increased because of different reasons. When we acquired Bhushan, we had to do a lot more maintenance work 
compared to the plan. It took a few years. Now we are in a different state. We are bringing in more digital and analytics. 
Our maintenance standards will be different compared to the past. Then when we are looking at procurement, we had non 
- standardised procurement because each site was doing it differently based on its need. Now we are saying that we are 
in a steady state. We can look at standardisation of procurement. We are looking at questioning that if spares are available 
in one of the other sites, then why are we not using it on a consolidated basis, why do it independently. These are all 
practices. We have been a growing company. We've grown through acquisitions, and we're growing organically. When we 
have to settle on a rhythm, then it takes a bit of time. There comes a time when you can look at it when you reset the 
rhythm rather than reset only the cost structure. That's exactly what we've been doing for the last 12 months. This journey 
will continue. The rhythm will change because we'll continue to grow, NINL will continue to become bigger, etc. That is 
effectively how we are looking at the cost part of the game. We're using a lot more analytics to get this cost down. This is 
helping us in a huge manner in recent times.  
 
 
 

14 
 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
I just want to add one more point. Maybe 8 - 10 years back, we used to look at $600 per ton as the all-weather steel price 
and Rs. 14,000 as the all-weather EBITDA per ton. Today, if we cross $500 per ton, we are happy. But we have not 
changed the EBITDA per ton of Rs. 14,000 per ton, that we always chase. The average steel price at which we are 
expected to survive or do well or deliver 20% EBITDA margin has come down. So that 20 - 22% EBITDA margin and Rs. 
14,000 EBITDA per ton is being delivered, though the steel price has been dropping and today is between $450 - 500 per 
ton. I'm talking of the HRC price in Southeast Asia. That's the range and that's why we have to constantly look at cost 
because those prices are defined by who is willing to sell at what price. Particularly with China coming in a big way since 
2015, we have to contend with that. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
On the $2.5 billion, to answer your question looking forward, the Netherlands will be very soon be debt-free on a net debt 
basis because they are now generating enough cashflows. They had always historically been debt-free. When we went 
into relining BF6, we were sitting on €600-700 million of cash. That was an outlier year, and its effect went through next 
two years. In the last 6 - 8 months, we are in a much better position despite a very difficult market. Netherlands, as far as 
underlying conditions are concerned, will be free of debt. It may have some working capital debt, but it will have its own 
cash. We are not sending money to Netherlands at this point in time. When we sign up to the negotiations with the Dutch 
government, we will see how the financing stacks up. As far as UK is concerned, we have debt, which we want to take out 
through this infusion. There will be small debt. When UK becomes, on an underlying basis, self-sustaining, hopefully, we 
don't have to give any further debt. As far as capex is concerned, we're committed to about £750 million. That has not 
started yet in a meaningful way. That spend will happen in the future over the next three years. Other than that, we have 
overseas foreign currency bonds, which is in Singapore, which will also have to be repaid. Some of it is next year, and 
then in 2028, it finishes everything. Only for those specific requirements, which is anyway part of our Tata Steel obligation 
and consolidated debt. Other than that, most important for you to take note of is the fact that what we are working towards 
underlying cashflows of overseas businesses not requiring any funding support. That's our target. That's what we are close 
to as far as Netherlands is concerned. In fact, Netherlands never needed money, even when they were not performing 
well. They had taken short-term money, which they have repaid to us. The whole question is sorting the UK bit. When it 
becomes sustainable, we don't need to put in money. The overseas debt, whatever we have, other than Netherlands, we 
will onshore it, especially in Singapore, which is a Tata Steel foreign currency debt. 
 
Ashish Jain, Macquarie 
Will this $2.5 billion be incremental investment from India or some of it is already there and in the form of debt or something 
and will be converted to equity? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
It will be financed basically.  
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
Koushik, if I can just interrupt you. Maybe you want to explain that because the money is going as equity, I think people 
are interpreting it as equity. 

15 
 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
Not equity. I said that in the beginning that it is not an equity investment, it's rebalancing of debt. We are not putting new 
money in for new investments or new assets or even for any other purposes, it's essentially putting in money to take that 
debt out and putting it under the India balance sheet. 
 
Ashish Jain, Macquarie 
From the standalone balance sheet point of view, is it further money investment in the entity? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited 
Yes, but that's how you have to account for it anyway. 
 
Operator 
Thank you, sir. I would now like to hand over the conference to Ms. Samita Shah for chat questions. Over to you ma'am. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
There are questions regarding the impact of recent tariffs in China and the US on steel markets overall. Additionally, 
whether we are seeing benefits from the safeguard duty. Are these benefits fully reflected in the guidance provided for the 
next quarter, or is there more to anticipate? Could you elaborate on that? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD – Tata Steel Limited  
The guidance that I gave is based on things as they stand today on the safeguard duty, which is already there in India and 
what we've experienced so far in this quarter and what we think we'll experience in the next six weeks. The US, China, at 
a broader level, helps, because it tempers down the market and the concerns of volatility, the inflationary pressures, also 
what the high tariffs do to the Chinese economy. If the US and China can come to some understanding and trade flows 
both ways, and the Chinese economy is not hit more than required, then we are in a better place because obviously, China 
needs to take care of the construction industry, if it has to make a positive difference to steel and if they are distracted by 
many other issues, then that's a challenge. So, we are a bit concerned about the 10 million tons of exports, which continues 
out of China in March and April that happened and we are expecting that, that number should come down. If the US and 
China reach a deal on tariffs, we have a better chance of that number coming down. One of the reasons why this kind of 
volume has happened without much coming into India is also because a lot of Chinese exports are now going to Middle 
East and Africa, which were not the markets pulling a lot of steel earlier. That is reducing some pressure on Southeast 
Asia and India as far as Chinese exports are concerned. As far as US tariffs are concerned, UK – US understanding will 
help us. We sell about 70,000 - 80,000 tons of steel from UK to the US. We sell about 700,000 tons of steel from 
Netherlands to the US. That will depend on the EU - US trade deal whenever that happens. Some of the steel that we 
send from Netherlands to US is not made in the US. That’s how we are able to pass on some of the tariff impact to our 
customers because they need to import, and they can't buy locally. So that’s the situation as it is, and we hope that the EU 
and US will come to a deal soon. Regarding the medium to long-term impact in the US, we are seeing that the EU is 
increasingly investing domestically to build industry, defence, and infrastructure, which is more positive for the steel 
industry in the medium to long-term. 
 

16 
 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
The next question is about Tata Tiscon specifically. For all the audience, we don't give guidance on specific realisations 
for any product categories, so we won't be commenting on that. The question people are asking is about the individual 
house builder segment, which has seen a lot of traction over the last few years, as you have explained. Can you give us 
some sense of the industry dynamics here and Tata Tiscon's positioning and realisation? As I said, we will not comment 
on realisations, but maybe you could give a broad sense of the dynamics? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD – Tata Steel Limited  
Tata Tiscon has just celebrated 25 years since its launch because we identified this as a segment where people are willing 
to pay a premium to reduce the risk of purchase. It's an individual buying 3 - 4 tons of steel to build a house. In semi-urban 
and rural India, people build homes rather than buy homes. It's a very personal journey, with people putting their life's 
investments into building their house. We saw an opportunity to tell them to be careful about the steel they buy and that 
they can trust us. It has worked well. Today, it's a 2,00,000 tons per month business. It started as a 6,000 tons per year 
business. Generally, the same steel sold to a large construction company is about Rs. 5,000 - 6,000 per ton less because 
the large company will just go by the test certificate and not pay much of a premium for the product. They will pay a 
premium for the service. It's been a good story. We have a network of about 80 - 90 distributors, covering all the districts 
in India. We have about 5,000 - 6,000 dealers. We are doing about Rs. 3,500 crores of GMV, 90% of it is Tata Tiscon. 
People are ordering Tata Tiscon from the US, Canada, and the Middle East, and we deliver within 48 - 72 hours to any 
location in India. We are getting a lot of orders from overseas for delivery in India. We are still only at 14% market share 
in the retail business. It's a very fragmented business. We have been limited by our supply, but acquiring Neelachal has 
given us another 1 million tons, so we are looking at how we can keep expanding this business. We are also looking at 
different operating models because this has really taken off well. In the last two years, we've grown in double digits. Once 
the Ludhiana plant comes online, we'll get another 1 million tons, all of which will be sold as Tata Tiscon. The model in 
Ludhiana is to sell all the steel within 200 - 300 kilometres of Ludhiana to avoid spending [inaudible] moving Tata Tiscon 
from Jamshedpur to Ludhiana. We save on transportation costs and collect scrap in that neighbourhood to sell steel in 
that neighbourhood. If that model works, we will set up similar plants in other parts of India where there is scrap. It's a good 
business for us. It's a Rs.10,000 crore brand and growing at 20%. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
The next question, and I'm just reminding our audience again that we do not give guidance on specific product categories 
or sites. The question is on long products versus flat products, focusing on margins and realisations. How do the broader 
dynamics differ between long products and flat products? The idea is to see which is more profitable. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD – Tata Steel Limited  
So, it goes through cycles. Traditionally, flat products tend to fetch higher prices, and you have segments like automotive 
and oil and gas, which are more approval-based businesses. Bigger steel companies tend to gravitate towards flat 
products. But the flip side is flat products is higher fixed cost business. So, in a down cycle, people are just trying to cover 
variable costs and contribute to fixed [inaudible]. The second big shift in flat products globally is that when China used to 
export a lot of steel 10 - 15 years ago, it was mainly long products. Today, it is all flat products because the Chinese steel 
industry has switched from longs to flats, and flat products travel better than long. So, you see HRC going all over the 
world. Rebars don't travel so much or wire rods maybe a little bit more. So, that dynamics is changing. But if you look at 

17 
 
 
India, its largely a local business, and 50% of the long product supplies comes from the secondary sector, whose cost 
structures and drivers are different. In the last 2 - 3 years, when thermal coal prices were much lower, with thermal coal to 
coking coal at 1:3, secondary producers were more competitive. As the ratio narrowed, primary producers became more 
competitive. Currently, long product prices are higher in India than flat product prices on a commercial grade basis because 
most of the 100 million tons of steel China is exporting are flat products, which has depressed international flat product 
prices. All flat products produced in India are being sold in India, depressing flat product prices. From a return on invested 
capital point of view, long products are better because you can set up a long product plant for less money. If you're getting 
better EBITDA for that, then you are better off. But over the long term, bigger companies tend to gravitate towards flat 
products. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
Another question, which is slightly more long-term in nature: Do we see India risking or becoming an overcapacity steel 
market in the next 5 - 6 years given the expansion plans which everybody has announced? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD – Tata Steel Limited  
Honestly, I don't think so because it's not easy to build steel plants in India. It takes time, assuming you have land. If you 
are going to start a greenfield site, it takes even longer time. India will never be able to build capacity as fast as China did. 
At its peak, China was building 50 million tons of capacity per year. India does not have the capacity to build because our 
processes take much longer, the approval processes, acquiring land, the public hearing, everything takes much longer. 
The ability to build plants is also limited. So, if India continues at a GDP growth of 6%, 7%, 8%, and as a developing 
economy focusing on infrastructure, steel consumption grows at a higher rate of 8%, 9%, 10%, think India will struggle to 
build 15 - 20 million tons of capacity every year, forget 50 million tons. So I do believe that we will have a better balance. 
India will never be a big threat in international markets as a big exporter like China because whatever capacity we build in 
India will be just about enough for India. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
What is our guidance for coking coal and iron ore consumption for 1QFY26. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD – Tata Steel Limited  
For coking coal, the guidance is that it will be about $10 per ton lower on a consumption basis, though the coking coal 
prices have gone up in the last few weeks but on a consumption basis, will be $10 per ton better, both in Europe and India. 
Iron ore is relevant only for Europe, specifically for Netherlands, because we've shut the blast furnaces in the UK. Iron ore 
is expected to be about $10 per ton higher in Netherlands consumption.  
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
Now there are a bunch of questions on the developments around the BPSL judgment. The first question is whether the 
Tata Steel Bhushan resolution plan is at risk of the same risks. What are the differences, and do we run the same risks? 
 
 
 

18 
 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
There is no litigation on this matter as far as Tata Steel Bhushan is concerned. We've gone through two rounds. First, 
when the acquisition, we've done this as guided by the CoC within the timeline of the IBC. And subsequently, we have 
also gone through the full process of merging the business within Tata Steel. So there is nothing on a similar basis. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
The second question is if this asset comes up again on the block, would Tata Steel be interested in acquiring it. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO - Tata Steel Limited  
We would rather not answer that question because it is related to a different company, and it’s not fair to answer. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
What are our deleveraging targets? Is there a plan to deleverage for the next year? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
We've always said that our target remains to continue deleveraging while investing in growth projects. In September 2024, 
at the peak of the downturn, we were at about Rs. 88,000 crores consolidated net debt. Now, we are at about Rs. 82,570 
crores. We've reduced more than Rs. 6,000 crores of debt across entities and geographies in the last six months. We will 
continue this pathway into FY2026. And we want to just ensure that the - in fact, somebody asked that question, why 
certainly the cost initiatives? Well, this is one part of also using the cash flows for deleveraging. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
There is a question on why our interest costs have gone up. I would like to remind the audience that global interest rates 
have increased by almost 400 basis points. But I think there is a broader question regarding our interest costs and their 
direction. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
The net finance cost for FY2024 was ~Rs. 6,700 crores, and the net finance cost for FY2025 is ~Rs. 6,300 crores. So, I 
didn't see any increase in interest costs. But there is one point that I would like to say that when we are doing more and 
more onshoring, you would find that the headline cost increasing, but the effective post-tax cost going down. So it may not 
show in the P&L, but effectively from a net post-tax basis [inaudible]. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited  
There are still many people lined up for the audio questions. We will take a couple. Back to you. 
 
Operator 
Next question is from Amit Murarka of Axis Capital. 
 

19 
 
 
Amit Murarka, Axis Capital 
I just wanted to get a sense now on expansion plans, I believe FY2026 capex guided is Rs. 15,000 crores, which I 
understand doesn't include any planned new expansion projects in India. Where do we stand on the NINL and KPO3 and 
such expansions, particularly in the context of 35 - 40 MTPA capacity target we had given for FY2030. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
The capex here is largely focused on raw materials and on Kalinganagar completion. It includes the Ludhiana plant, which 
is ~0.8 MTPA, but we hope to push it to 1 MTPA. If you look at it from a growth point of view, after Kalinganagar this year,  
we have some downstream expansions. We have the 0.5 MTPA Combi mill, which will convert some of the billets that we 
are making in the erstwhile Usha Martin facility into special bars for the automotive industry. In terms of major expansion 
projects, the next one, which will go to our Board is the Neelachal one. We have already gone through the public hearing. 
Now the way we look at expansion projects as we go to the Board only after we get all the regulatory approvals. Earlier, it 
used to be the other way around, you get the Board approval and then get the regulatory approvals, so which used to bring 
a lot more uncertainty into the schedules, whereas we've already done the public hearing and have applied for an 
environment clearance, to go up to 9.5 MTPA for Neelachal. That will be first. We are then working on the Kalinganagar 
next phase as well as Bhushan expansion from 5 MTPA to 6.5 MTPA. These are the two projects which will follow the 
Neelachal one, but the one, which is most ready is the Neelachal one, which during this year, we will go to the Board. 
 
Amit Murarka, Axis Capital 
Is it fair to say that it looks more like 30 MTPA by FY2030 rather than the earlier 35 - 40 MTPA that we were expecting? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
What we expect to have by FY2030 is all these projects at different stages. Hopefully, we start the Neelachal project now. 
At least the first phase will finish, and we can start the other two, which will be at different degrees of finishing in FY2030 
- 31. Yes, we will not have completed capacity by FY30. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
Fundamentally, when we look at what we used to do earlier is to announce projects, then do the design, engineering and 
the regulatory approval and then do the project construction. I think when we will announce projects now, we will be ready 
to start construction. There is a different phasing that we have done. We've tweaked it to make it more certain and make 
it more focused on the completion timeline. So, the preparatory work post-announcement has been changed to pre-
announcement and then straight away into the execution stage. 
 
Operator 
Next question is from Sumangal Nevatia of Kotak Securities. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities 
First question is on the Europe operations. Is it possible to share and explain what is the impact of reduction in carbon 
allowances in FY2026? What would be the likely cost impact of that? 
 

20 
 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
So as far as UK is concerned, it's now zero. There is no impact of CO2 in UK. There is a certain amount of free allowances 
UK will get and that is good enough for the downstream entities to compensate for it. In fact, what we see today is from 
FY2025-26, there will be no impact of CO2 as far as UK is concerned till the start of FY2027-28, when the next phase of 
the EAF starts, and that will be of different nature. As far as Netherlands is concerned, there is a deficit that happened until 
last year. It will gradually converge, but there is an increased cost on account of carbon, and that is happening because of 
the fact that the allowances are reducing, and there is also a CO2 levy that has been coming in as far as the Netherlands 
is concerned. So, it is close to about €80 million a year. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
This carbon allowances will reduce along with CBAM, right? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
Next year onwards, what happens is that on a longer term or a medium term, when the CBAM comes, it will neutralise the 
cost because arithmetically, the cost of the steel prices will reflect CBAM, which will cover up for the cost of the carbon. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities 
Understood. I have one question on the entire cost savings topic. So how is it expected to phase in FY2026? Is it more of 
a gradual thing or back-ended? As Naren mentioned, EBITDA of €70 - 80 per ton for Europe, given the Rs. 4,000 crore 
number for India, keeping the spreads aside, can we expect Rs. 1,500 - 2,000 increase in the EBITDA on a per ton basis? 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
First of all, as far as Netherlands is concerned, that project has just kicked off, as I mentioned in my commentary. One of 
the important parts of that is also the productivity gains. The productivity gains involves the process of consultation with 
the works council, etc. So, in Netherlands, while some part has been realised and many of the non-productivity work 
streams are moving forward, it is more a second quarter plus onwards, but it is not so secular because it is something that 
will happen more around the 3Q - 4Q. As far as India is concerned, we started this project last year. As I said, we've taken 
out Rs. 1,800 crores of cost plus Rs. 900 crores on coal optimisation. That is a lot more secular in India, but it is more from 
June onwards. After June, we should see the results in the financial statements. I think your last question was whether 
you can see the improvement on a per ton basis. The answer is yes, ceteris paribus, everything else remains the same. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities 
Just one last clarification. Given that today, there's a continuous pressure on Chinese steel prices, our calculations are 
suggesting domestic prices are at Rs. 2,000 - 3,000 premium. So, are we sensing a peak in steel prices and some pressure 
going forward? I understand Rs. 3,000 is what we are expecting in 1Q. On a spot basis, what are your thoughts? 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
Obviously, this gap is there now because Chinese prices again dropped. It's been fluctuating, like I said, in a $50 range. 
But imports are still not coming in a big way yet because people are concerned about the dollar. The dollar has been also 
all over the place. And also the risk in, you book today, and it comes in after two, three months, you don't know the price 

21 
 
 
then. You have a monsoon season coming and do you want to import cargo coming in during monsoons. I don't see 
imports flooding in just yet. Of course, when we went to the government with a safeguard request, the original request 
from the Indian Steel Association was 25%, the government said 12% because it wanted to keep all other stakeholders' 
interest in mind. If we, again, see a flood of Chinese imports, we will certainly go back to the government and see what 
can be done because the private sector investment in India, in some sense, is being led by the steel industry. We are 
seeing Rs. 15,000 crore capex, peers are also putting in big capex. The industry needs to be financially healthy to be able 
to put in this kind of money and new capacities. I think that's a submission to the government. 
 
Operator 
That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference back to Ms. Samita Shah for closing comment. 
Over to you, ma'am. 
 
Samita Shah: VP CFTRM – Tata Steel Limited 
Thank you, everyone, for your participation and your questions. We hope we were able to address your queries. Look 
forward to connecting again next quarter. Thank you. 
 
T. V. Narendran: CEO & MD - Tata Steel Limited 
Thank you. 
 
Koushik Chatterjee: ED & CFO – Tata Steel Limited  
Thank you. 
 
 
 
