 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: MGL/CS/SE/2025/617  
 
 
                                 Date: May 14, 2025 
 
To,  
 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited  
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539957 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: MGL 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2025 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 07, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
(‘Listing 
Regulations’), read with Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we submit herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on May 07, 2025 on the Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results and operational performance of the Company for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mahanagargas.com:3000/Mahanagar%20Gas_Q4FY25_Earnings%20Call%20Transcript_Final.pdf 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
 
Atul Prabhu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
Atul 
Trimbak 
Prabhu
Digitally signed 
by Atul Trimbak 
Prabhu 
Date: 2025.05.14 
15:02:12 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited  
Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHU SHINGHAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY SHENDE – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH WAGLE –SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(MARKETING), MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. S. RAMESH – NIRMAL BANG INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Mahanagar Gas Limited, hosted by Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities Private Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
S. Ramesh: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, I have 
great pleasure in inviting all of you to join the 4th Quarter FY25 Earnings Conference Call with 
the management of Mahanagar Gas.  
 
Representing the management we have, Mr. Ashu Shinghal – Managing Director; Mr. Sanjay 
Shende – Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh Patel – Chief Financial Officer; Mr Rajesh 
Wagle, Senior Vice President (Marketing).  
 
So before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and believe that expectations containing the 
statement are reasonable. However, these statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties 
that may lead to different results. We urge you to consider that quarterly numbers are not a 
reflection of long-term trends or indication of full year results.  
 
With that said, let me hand over the call to the Management. Over to you, Mr. Shinghal. 
Management: 
Thank you, Ramesh. On behalf of MGL, a very good afternoon to you, and welcome to the 
earnings call of Mahanagar Gas Limited for the 4th Quarter of the Financial Year 2024-‘25.  
 
I would like to thank all of you for attending the call today. MGL continues to create CGD 
infrastructure across its business segments in the licensed area. 
During this quarter, 1,50,142 domestic households are connected, and thus we have established 
connectivity for nearly 2.83 million households. We have laid 236.07 kilometers of steel and PE 
pipelines, taking the total length to over 7,459 kilometers. We also added 24 stations during this 
quarter. With this, we have overall 385 stations as on 31st March 2025.  
 
We have also added 164 I&C i.e., industrial and commercial customers during this quarter. And 
therefore, as on 31st March 2025, we have 5,105 industrial and commercial customers. During 
the year, 40 CNG stations were added taking total to 385 numbers as on 31st March. We added 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
3,43,000 domestic households and therefore have established connectivity for nearly 2.83 
million households.  
 
Steel and PE pipeline laid during the year is in excess of 491 kilometers, taking the total length 
to 7,459 kilometers. We witnessed addition of 798,215 CNG vehicles, which is the highest 
numbers of CNG vehicle addition in our areas of operation since inception. And now we have 
more than 1.1 million CNG vehicles running in our geographies as of 31st March.  
 
In respect of our geographical area, Raigad, up to March 2025 we have connected 95,714 
domestic households and 65 CNG stations which are currently under operation. During the 
quarter, we have laid 21.27 kilometers of pipeline in Raigad, therefore taking the total length to 
466.9 per kilometer.  
 
Coming to MGL's overall operation quarter-on-quarter comparison: 
Average sales volume of Q4 ‘25 is 4.194 mmscmd as compared to the previous quarter of 4.116 
mmscmd. Such average sales volume of 4.194 mmscmd consists of CNG of 2.934 mmscmd, 
domestic PNG of 0.59 mmscmd, and industrial and commercial volume of 0.67 mmscmd.  
 
The average sales volume for the year ending 31st March, ’25, is 4.045 mmscmd whereas it was 
3.609 in the corresponding period last year. Thus, there is an increase of 12.27% in the overall 
sales volume compared to the previous year. Average sales volume for the year ending 31st 
March 2025, is 4.052 mmscmd consisting of CNG volume of 2.878 mmscmd, domestic PNG of 
0.554 mmscmd, and industrial and commercial volume of 0.621 mmscmd.  
 
Compared to the previous year, sales volume in the case of CNG has increased from 2.591 
mmscmd to 2.878 mmscmd, which is an increase of 11.08%. Domestic PNG has increased to 
0.554 mmscmd, which is an increase of 6.53%. And the I&C sales have gone up to 0.621 
mmscmd, which is an increase of 24.46%.  
 
EBITDA from operations for the quarter is Rs. 378 crores as compared to the previous year 
quarter EBITDA of Rs. 314 crores, which is an increase of 20%.  
Net profit after tax for the quarter is Rs. 252 crores as compared to the previous PAT of Rs. 225 
crores, which is an increase of 12%.  
EBITDA from operations for the financial year is Rs. 1,510 crores, as compared to the previous 
financial year EBITDA of Rs. 1,843 crores, reduction is mainly due to reduction in APM 
allocation and an increase in gas cost impacting margins adversely.  
Net profit after tax for the whole financial year is Rs. 1,045 crores compared to net PAT for the 
previous year of Rs. 1,289 crores.  

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Now coming to the Unison Enviro Private Limited operations, which is a wholly owned 
subsidiary: 
The Company has added during the quarter 15 CNG stations, connected 4,997 domestic 
households, and added 3 industrial and commercial customers. And has laid 61.34 kilometers of 
steel and PE pipeline. UEPL has added 26 stations during this year, which has taken its total 
number to 82. The company has also added 12,002 domestic households and established 
connectivity for nearly 39,000 households and added 9 industrial and commercial customers 
during the whole financial year.  
 
UEPL has laid 95.63 kilometers of steel and PE pipeline, taking the total length to over 361 
kilometers. There was an addition of 13,678 vehicles in the UEPL area. Now UEPL total 54,000 
CNG vehicles in the geographical area as on 31st March 2025. During this quarter, UEPL has 
achieved an overall average sale of 0.208 mmscmd as against 0.192 mmscmd in the previous 
quarter, which is an increase of 8%. Current quarter volume consists of CNG volume of 0.189 
mmscmd and PNG volume of 0.0186 mmscmd.  
 
During this year, UEPL has achieved an overall average sale volume of 0.182 mmscmd against 
the 0.129 mmscmd in the previous year, which is an increase of 41%. In the year ending this 
Financial Year 31st March 2025, MGL as a consolidated entity has achieved total sales volume 
of 4.235 mmscmd.  
 
I am happy to announce that the Board of Directors has approved a total final dividend of Rs. 18 
per equity share for this financial year. The total dividend for the year, including interim dividend 
already paid, is Rs. 30 per share, that is 300% on the face value of Rs. 10 per equity share.  
 
With this, I conclude and would now like to open the floor for the question. Thank you very 
much for your patient hearing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Yash Nandwani from IIFL. Please go ahead.  
Yash Nandwani: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, firstly on the sharp increase in OPEX per SCM this quarter, 
I understand there was some marketing scheme for CNG in 4th Quarter and also CSR 
expenditure typically gets booked in the last quarter. So could you please share the amount spent 
on marketing and CSR in 4th Quarter? 
Management: 
In the 4th Quarter, marketing is around Rs. 11 crores. And as far as CSR is concerned, roughly 
Rs. 10 crores is the expenditure on CSR in the last quarter. Apart from that, I think the increase 
is mainly attributable to, generally maintenance activities are taken up higher in the 4th Quarter 
compared to all other quarters. So, the balance is attributable to that, somewhat attributable to 
consultancy and maybe one or two pipeline rents we have added in the last quarter. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Yash Nandwani: 
Okay. And secondly, sir, could you please provide the volume growth separately for each of the 
geographies, Mumbai, Thane and Raigad? 
Management: 
We can separately share it with you because there are some details involved in it. 
Yash Nandwani: 
Sir, and last question was, breakdown of 4.2 mmscmd how much came from APM and the 
RLNG, spot, if any? 
Management: 
Out of 4.2 mmscmd, roughly 2 million is APM, that is I am talking about average because there 
was some increase in January and February, and it kept on changing. So, on average for the 
quarter it is 2 million. Around 0.5 million is HPHT. Around 1.35 mmscmd to 1.4 mmscmd is 
term contracts, which includes Brent linked as well as Henry Hub. And balance is through IGX, 
the majority of IGX is HPHT available on a short-term basis and some small amount of spot.  
That is the breakup for the quarters, roughly 4.2 million. 
Yash Nandwani: 
Sure, sir. And how do you expect these links to evolve in the upcoming quarters? 
Management: 
So, now I think the allocation of APM has come down to around 1.67 mmscmd. But 
correspondingly, there is an increase in the NWG available which is around 0.65 mmscmd, okay. 
So, bearing the replacement of APM with NWG more or less things should remain same. And 
whatever the incremental volumes are, that should be initially sourced through IGX on a short 
term basis. And once it stabilizes, we will enter into further term contracts which could be either 
HH, Brent or available HPHT in the market as and when it comes up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will take our next question from the line of Nirmal Gore from Aditya Birla 
Sun Life. Please go ahead. 
Nirmal Gore: 
 Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I just wanted to ask if there is any status on the Bombay 
High Court led committee on the  electric vehicle transition condition. 
Management: 
Yes, I think discussions are going on. There were four or five meetings already held. And we 
cannot disclose much of it, but yes, positive discussions are happening about the directions given 
by the High Court, which is how to curb the pollution primarily and also to promote CNG and 
EV adoption in the whole area. The committee was formed two months back. Several meetings 
have been held, and we will submit our report, maybe, in a month’s time to the High Court, and 
then it will be disclosed to the public. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Thanks for an opportunity, sir. Sir, as you just mentioned 1.3 mmscmd is LNG gas sourcing, can 
you break it down in how much is crude linked and Henry Hub, if possible? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Management: 
Around 1.27 mmscmd is Henry Hub linked and 0.1 mmscmd is Brent linked. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is related to the current environment, considering the crude prices 
at $62 per barrel, and majority of your gas basket is linked to the crude, then the question is, can 
you guide us on the revised EBITDA margins for FY ‘26? 
Management: 
We are not directly linked to crude. As Rajesh just mentioned, our majority of term contracts are 
linked to Henry Hub. HPHT is an index which is based on baskets of three indices and the lower 
of the three is taken. So we cannot say that our majority of term contracts are linked to crude 
basket. Coming to the other part that the crude has come down, but Henry Hub has remained 
stable more or less. 
Management: 
Maybe you are referring to IBC also linked to in a way indirectly to the Indian crude basket, yes 
if that comes down.  
Management: 
Yes, new well gas is linked to the Indian crude basked, which is at 12%. And APM also. So if 
$62 is the current rate and every month average is taken, so again the ceiling is there. So currently 
the ceiling is $6.75 per MMBTU. So if the crude remains below $67.5 per barrel then the APM 
prices will come down, and similarly 12% to IBC will also be on the lower side, because earlier 
the crude was trading in the range of $75 or $80. So this benefit will lower the procurement cost 
on the average procurement basis for the total portfolio. And that will be reflected into our better 
EBITDA margins.  
 
Coming to your EBITDA margin, this quarter we have earned around Rs. 10. And on the whole 
for the year is again Rs. 10. So, it depends what the procurement cost is and how much of it we 
can sustain and how much we can pass on. Depending on that, we can have a guidance of around 
Rs. 9 to Rs. 11 as EBITDA margin for the whole year coming 2025-26. But you will appreciate 
that the things are very dynamic in nature. Also, there are geopolitical things which again may 
result into wide fluctuation in either crude or gas prices. So, let us see how the things roll out 
and then we will take a call on the EBITDA margins. Because EBITDA margins depend on the 
alternate fuel price, the procurement cost, our margins and how much we can absorb, how much 
we can pass on to bring more stability into CNG prices. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Let me quickly add on the same side, Henry Hub gas prices, which is the major portion of your 
LNG-linked gas sourcing, that has also come down. I will not say sharply, but that has also 
declined by 25% to 30% in the last 1.5 to 2 months period kind of time. So will it help you to 
improvise your EBITDA margin guidance for FY ‘26? 
Management: 
Yogesh, I think if you look at Henry Hub, whatever $3 plus or $3.5 nearly was in last few 
months, four to five months of last year. But if you take the average, it was still lower. So we 
will have to watch out for the full year because we will be comparing the average which 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
prevailed in 2024-25 with the average which will prevail in 2025-26. So I think we will have to 
wait and watch. 
Management: 
EBITDA margins, see, we are better performing than our competitor peer companies. So, I think 
Rs. 9 to Rs. 11 is a very healthy margin. Previously we were having a margin of around Rs. 7, 
Rs. 8. So it's not very unhealthy, I would say. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Okay. And lastly sir, PNG industrial and the commercial is growing at 20% on the volume side 
year-on-year basis. Can the same pace of growth be expected from this segment in the coming 
quarters? And if you could elaborate on the major growth areas of this segment? 
Management: 
A large chunk of that growth has come from large industries. We have managed to reach a few 
new areas and connect a few very large industries who had not been taking gas for a long time. 
I mean, this rate of growth of 20-plus-percent, has been unprecedented. And sustaining it at this 
rate may not be possible for too long. However, our current I&C sale, which is between 0.6 
mmscmd to 0.7 mmscmd, we can foresee that going up to about 0.9 mmscmd or 1.0 mmscmd 
in the next couple of years or so. Beyond that, and as things stand today, we will have to find 
ways to break into the solid fuel market because the addressable potential which we see in the 
FO and other addressable liquid fuel industry is about 1.0-1.1 million. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. In terms of the CNG promotion scheme that we have run 
through FY ‘25, how was that sort of taken by the consumers, how much we spent and how 
much vehicles got added under different categories during the FY ’25? 
Management: 
In the current year, the scheme which we ran from October ‘24 to March ’25, a total of 624 
vehicles were added through the scheme, which were primarily medium and large commercial 
vehicles with a gross vehicle weight of more than 3.5 tons and about 30-odd buses. And the 
spend which was there was about Rs. 2-3 lakh per vehicle.  
Management: 
Overall, in this we have spent around Rs. 32-34 crores on the promotional schemes for vehicles. 
And for the quarter it was Rs. 11 crores. 
Management: 
Considering that these are, the per capita CNG consumption of these vehicle classes are slightly 
on the higher side, we get a pretty good payback. And since the method of incentive is through 
CNG sales card, which can only be used at our CNG stations, we are ensuring that we get all the 
associated volume out also from these vehicles at our stations. 
Management: 
And if you see overall conversion for the year, this is highest in the history of MGL, that is 
98,215 number of conversions happened during the year against around 77,000 the last year. So, 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
this is a result of all these things, the scheme, the consistency in the CNG prices and the 
infrastructure improvement which is happening in our geographical areas. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Do you plan to continue this in FY ‘26 as well? 
Management: 
We are keeping a close eye on the market and also in constant discussion with the OEs. Look, 
we ran this last year, we ran this this year. Again, we need to make sure that it is a marketing 
scheme which gives a push to the volumes and not something which customers anyway will wait 
and say, okay, every year this is going to come or something. So we will watch the market in 
time our schemes accordingly. And especially in the schemes where the paybacks are relatively 
high, like for these large commercial vehicles, we will incentivize them. Similarly, we have we 
are also looking at incentivizing any customer or anybody who comes as a bulk customer to us, 
like bus fleet operator or a very large transporter. Then we can do one-on-one MOUs with them 
also to incentivize them to or nudge them towards CNG. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right. Could you also give us a break-up of the 98,000 vehicles that have been added during the 
year? 
Management: 
Around 55,000 is private car, 7,000 is taxis, 25,000 is three wheelers, small commercial and 
other commercial vehicles is around 7,000, and 3,000 is two-wheeler also. And around 450 is 
around the buses both MSRTC and some NMMT busses are there. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you. Just the last question from my side. We have entered into two JVs, basically we 
invested into two companies, 3EV and the battery JV, could you give us the progress on them? 
Management: 
We have 3EV we have already committed for 32% equity and then with the capital of around 
Rs. 96 crores. So that was linked with certain progress to be made. So we have paid three 
tranches, and around Rs. 23 crores is balance. So they have started making progress. It is a startup 
company, so it takes some time for the company to pick up. But the signs are good, their market 
is now getting established. They have produced around 850 vehicles during this financial year.  
 
With respect to the International Battery Company, IBC, we have committed for 1 gigawatt in 
the first two phases and following it up to scale up to maximum 5 gigawatts. Currently the 
company has been formed, we have got the land, and the site work has started. So maybe within 
12 to 14, 15 months the plant should be in place. We have already given them the initial equity 
and 40% commitment of equity is there from our side. 60% will be contributed from IBC USA. 
Management: 
In terms of their marketing efforts, IBC has already started seeding the market by importing the 
battery Cells  and making battery packs in India from South Korea. So we have line of customers 
which is getting built up, and their response is quite good in terms of vehicle performance using 
the battery packs manufactured by IBC. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right. And in terms of the 3EV, what would be sort of the milestones that we will be looking 
for in FY ‘26? 
Management: 
Currently they are producing around 200 vehicles a month, okay. So on an average 2,400 
vehicles, maybe that will be ramped up by a few hundred more vehicles. There is another plot 
which has been taken to add the capacity. So once that starts we will be in a better position to 
tell you their annual capacity on vehicle production. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Management: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just one question, you mentioned that you have almost 1.27 
mmscmd of Henry Hub linked volume, and that number has gone up over the last two quarters. 
And if you look at from your basket of close to 4 mmscmd, which adds more than almost 30% 
of the volume which comes from Henry Hub. And sir, do you have any strategy that you want 
to have a both mixture of Henry Hub and oil link? Given that oil link on the spot is very low in 
the current supply mix, are you comfortable with this kind of ratio and as the volume increases 
you will keep increasing the Henry Hub volume? 
Management: 
You are right in terms of the proportion of Henry Hub currently in our total portfolio of term 
contract is higher. I think in further needs we will evaluate and definitely we will be inducting 
Brent linked if it is available at good index for next five to six years term contract, we are open 
to that. Certainly, we will balance out in next term contract whenever we tie up. 
Management: 
But overall portfolio, if you see, Henry Hub is there, but we have HPHT of around 0.6 mmscmd 
which primarily indirectly is linked to crude. And NWG is again Indian crude basket, and even 
APM is Indian crude basket. So, it is not that we are overly dependent, I mean, our portfolio is 
inclined to Henry Hub, it is a balanced portfolio I would say. 
Maulik Patel: 
Okay. And how much of the NWG have you got in Q4 and currently you are getting? 
Management: 
In the Q4, roughly 0.1 mmscmd of NWG was available and currently we have around 0.65 
mmscmd of NWG, in the month of April I am referring to. 
Maulik Patel: 
The industrial growth has been very strong like in the last couple of quarters you have been 
reporting about 20% kind of volume growth on the industrial side. What's driving this growth, 
and your assessment will this kind of, on a growth profile will continue in this FY ’26, what's 
that you want? 
Management: 
We have partially answered this question some time back, however, just to repeat. There are two 
main drivers to this growth, one is the call which we took that we will guarantee the customer a 
3% or 10% discount on this alternate fuel without any floor. That has helped many customers to 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
get onboarded. Second is, we have managed to physically reach out to quite a lot of large 
customers and lay our pipelines right up to their premises, which has also led to this increase in 
volume. So we made our terms and conditions more favorable, and we can back that up by 
physical connectivity, which has led to this growth in volume. Expecting similar growth to 
continue for some time, but not very long. Of course, the last point is, if there is any 
environmental related upside in terms of air quality and something happening to solid fuels etc., 
then this can grow exponentially. 
Maulik Patel: 
Got it. And the last question on the regulatory side, a high-powered committee has been set by 
PNGRB to look at the open access CGD, network open access. What's your view on that side? 
And let's say it's come that network is getting open for third party to access, where do you see 
MGL in terms of benefiting from that particular policy or going to see some competition in the 
working areas? 
Management: 
The committee is still to give their recommendation. It's an internal committee constituted by 
PNGRB. Further, you must appreciate that the matter is sub-judice under Delhi High Court and 
the discussions are going on. So PNGRB, when they constituted this committee, they mentioned 
about infrastructure exclusivity, they have categorically mentioned that all this consultation is 
being done. And this will be subject to the final decision taken by the Delhi High Court.  
 
Now, having said that, if the exclusivity has to end, there are two parts to it, infrastructure 
exclusivity and marketing exclusivity. The infrastructure exclusivity, there is a provision in the 
regulation itself to increase in the bracket of 10 years after completion of 25 years. So in two of 
our areas we have already applied, and it can get, I mean, PNGRB is considering for extension 
of that. And word over what we have found is that infrastructure exclusivity is generally 
available to the entity which is working in that area.  
 
Coming to the marketing exclusivity, it has a mix thing because we will be getting paid for the 
utilization of our assets as and when the areas get opened up. And we can also go to other 
geographies and other entities to trade our volumes. So it's a mix of things. We will be getting 
returns on our investments and we will have an opportunity to work in other places also, and 
others will also have an opportunity to work in our area. But all that is subject to the Delhi High 
Court decision, the high-powered committee as you mentioned, and the way PNGRB opens up 
this sector, and the way the whole thing rolls up.  
 
Because there are a lot of finer details about how the things will be rolled out, the regulations, 
the mechanism and the way who will be allowed to come in different areas and so on and so 
forth. So we have to watch because it will be a mixed bag for us. It will be an opportunity for us 
also to go in other geographies, and at the same time other people to come in our geography. So 
it's either win-win or loss-loss for both the parties. But we think it is a step in the right direction 
as far as the marketing exclusivity is concerned. But let us wait for the Delhi High Court decision 
before coming to any conclusion on this. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Mayank Maheshwari from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Maheshwari: 
Thanks, sir. My question was related to LNG and how has LNG trucking kind of picked up in 
the GAs for you, and what are you seeing in terms of trends or any incentives that you are kind 
of giving around the entire LNG market for trucking. Thank you. 
Management: 
Mayank, already in case of MGL we have our running station at Savroli, which  is presently 
selling around 4 tons of LNG every day. Our JV company, MLPL, has already started one station 
in Aurangabad. And the second station at Seoni in MP near Nagpur was commissioned in this 
year mechanically, which will start selling the LNG by end of Quarter 1. Two more stations, one 
in Amravati, Amravati has already started construction, and JNPT station will also be completed 
in this financial year, probably by Q3 of this year.  
 
We see a very good potential. As we keep on adding the stations we are getting the customer. 
Presently we have three main customers, one is Concor and GreenLine, as well as some other 
company. And going forward, we see that at least another 10 to 12 stations in Maharashtra itself 
will be required to cater to the demand from trucking. On the supply side, not only Ashok 
Leyland but Volvo Eicher is also very committed on providing the various models of LNG and 
we see the demand coming from that side also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Hardik Solanki from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Yes, sir. As you mentioned allocation, just want to check what was the allocation, the APM 
allocation and new gas allocation for the Q4, and what is in April so far? Can you break down 
that? 
Management: 
As I said APM for Q4 was 2 million, and very small quantity of NWG around 0.1 mmscmd. 
Hardik Solanki: 
And what is for the April so far, for APM and new gas? 
Management: 
Right now we are getting APM of around 1.67 mmscmd and 0.65 mmscmd of new well. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Okay. So whatever the additional growth we come up or whatever the additional requirement 
would be for the CNG segment that will be fulfilled by the new gas well, right, is that 
understanding correct? 
Management: 
So APM after using for domestic whatever is remaining, then NWG, then we have HPHT 
contracts, and if there is any shortfall that gets catered through Henry Hub or we buy it from 
IGX on a spot basis also HPHT. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Hardik Solanki: 
So, sorry, just getting confused. The new gas well of 0.65 mmscmd, that will be a constant for 
certain time frame or it will get increased as the volume will get increased? 
Management: 
No, let me just clarify, their APM quantity is not getting reduced. What is happening is the APM 
overall kitty is same. Some of the APM which is getting reduced is reclassified as new well gas. 
In fact, the APM reduction was lower and the new well gas addition was more in April. But 
overall if we see, the quantity of gas remains the same, except that the reclassification of APM 
which is at ceiling of 6.75 mmscmd, will be sold at a higher price, but the quantity of gas remains 
the same.  
 
So as Rajesh was mentioning that if we have to increase the CNG volumes with 10% growth, so 
maybe we have to source gas from other sources also like Henry Hub or HPHT. Because see, 
the overall CGD consumption in the country is growing, whereas APM is stagnant or may 
increase slightly. So whatever the growth is happening, the shortfall needs to be met through 
other sources, be it HPHT or term contract. The same will be situation for MGL also that APM 
kitty either NWG and APM put together, if the requirement is more for the industry, then we 
have to source it through other sources. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from PhillipCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Good evening. Thanks for the call. Just bookkeeping ones from my end. So what was the CNG 
in kg in this quarter? And also if you can update the industry and commercial volumes down, 
please. 
Management: 
In terms of kg, it was 2.16 million kg per day, in terms of kg, 2.161 million kg. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Understood, sir. And the breakup of industrial commercial volumes in respective industry and 
commercial segments? 
Management: 
Out of total I&C volume around 0.14 mmscmd is the commercial volume. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
0.14 mmscmd per day? 
Management: 
Yes, 0.14 mmscmd, and rest is industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Kartik from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kartik: 
Hello sir. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about OPEX, so I can see that 
OPEX on a year-on-year basis has gone up 22% to Rs. 8.1 billion, which is roughly Rs. 18,018 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
crores, and gross profit has been down 6%. So, just wanted to get a sense on how we should be 
thinking about OPEX from here on. 
Management: 
As far as OPEX linked to volume is concerned, mainly CNG volume, certainly it will go up 
because most of the expenses, even gas is linked then power and fuel the dispensing charges, the 
LCV transportation in case of transportation of gas through non-online Station or the daughter 
booster station from mother station. So all those expenses are volume-inclusive and certainly 
they have gone up.  
 
And apart from that, some of the one-time expenses, like sales promotion, we have taken up in 
this Q4 mainly the drive to do lot of maintenance of the old pipeline, old equipments, etc. And 
as I earlier said, this year CSR expenditure on a yearly basis is also more because average profit 
of last three-years was up. So what we were spending around Rs. 16 crores, Rs. 17 crores has 
gone up to around Rs. 22 crores to 23 crores, okay. And sales promotion is another addition 
which is added in the OPEX to push the CNG volume or CNG vehicle adoption. 
Kartik: 
So could you please give a breakdown, so like Rs. 22 crores is the CSR expense, Rs. 32 crores 
is the marketing expense. So beyond that, everything else is CNG like volume linked expenses 
or is there anything else in that mix? 
Management: 
No, no, other than that mostly volume linked things are there. And as I said, some part of its 
mainly Q4 numbers you referred to, there is some increase in maintenance of around Rs. 15 
crores to Rs. 17 crores in Q4 mainly. 
Kartik: 
So how do you think of this, like as in terms of guidance for FY ‘26 and ‘27? 
Management: 
On an annual basis I think the expenses will remain except one-time expenses like sales 
promotion, depending on how much we roll out next year, maybe in the similar quarter or 
something, it should remain. 
 
Some amount of variable expenses like transportation of gas from mother station to daughter 
booster going forward will reduce in a way, because today we have only one CGS in our Raigad 
GA, we are already in the process of setting up other GAs. So once you have a CGS there, the 
transportation which is happening from little far will reduce, and that will reduce the cost, okay. 
And even in GA2 I have lot of daughter booster stations. So if those stations get slowly connected 
through pipeline, that will also save on the transportation costs etc. 
Kartik: 
Sir, one last thing, do you still have the similar guidance on volume and margin for FY ’26-‘27, 
which is like 10% volume growth and Rs. 10 to Rs. 12 of unit scm? 
Management: 
Yes. I think volume growth will be in the range of 10%, (+/-1%), maybe it can be more than 
10% also. Because you see the momentum has come on CNG part, as well as industrial 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
commercial this year also we have some scope to increase. DPNG we have been steadily growing 
and again 7%, 8% DPNG growth can come up. So volume side, similar numbers are expected 
this financial year also. With respect to the margins, we have just discussed maybe Rs. 9 to Rs. 
11 is the right guidance for the next financial year. This year we have got Rs. 10. But one 
correction is there so we may come down to Rs. 9.5 if that correction is taken into place. 
Otherwise, Rs. 9.5, Rs. 10, Rs. 10.5, Rs. 11, that range would be our expectations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you, sir, for one more opportunity. In terms of the CAPEX, what is our guidance for the 
FY ‘26 and what will be the broad breakup? 
Management: 
We are expecting around Rs. 1,300 crores CAPEX for FY ’26, and again around Rs. 150 crores 
will be in UEPL. And we are also in the process of merging UEPL back to MGL. So collectively 
putting together, Rs. 1,300 crores will be the number expected this financial year. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Broad break up between the CNG and pipeline, if it's possible to share? 
Management: 
CNG should be in the range of Rs. 200 crores odd in MGL. And maybe Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 75 
crores, depending on how many stations and sites you get in case of UEPL as well. 
Management: 
Balance is both a mix of PNG, steel pipeline, PE pipeline and operational CAPEX. So, as Rajesh 
mentioned, around Rs. 300 crores will be for CNG, around Rs. 500 crores will be for PNG, 
including pipelines. Pipelines will be another Rs. 200 crores and OPEX will be around Rs. 100 
crores. Replacement CAPEX, around that number broadly. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you, sir. And in terms of, there has been sort of clarity on that we will have two quarter 
clarity on the allocation of APM. So has it already been implemented or when is it likely to get 
implemented? 
Management: 
No, the allocation of APM happens from time to time, but typically based on certain triggers, 
because this gas is being produced locally by ONGC, mainly by ONGC and GAIL does the 
balancing act. So there are certain minor adjustments. But some trigger points do happen like 
year-on-year reduction of APM and reclassification in NWG as Kirit Parikh Committee and 
DGS recommendation is done by ministry and implemented by GAIL. So, those things happen 
on regular interval basis. 
Management: 
But also to just reply to what you asked, the government recommendation that we will get 
guidance two quarters ahead that is not yet formulated. 
Management: 
Yes, we get some notice, but not two quarter notice, if that was your question. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Kirtan Mehta: 
 Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Management: 
 I think there was a question earlier on GA wise volume breakup. 1.93 mmscmd was sale for GA 
1. 1.88 mmscmd is volume for GA-2. And balance around 0.25 mmscmd or 2,50,000 scmd is 
for GA 3. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Hardik Solanki from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Sir, as you said that the CAPEX guidance would be around Rs. 1,300 crores, so can you just 
break down these GA wise how much would be to the new GA and basically in GA-3 and how 
much would be in the GA-1 and GA-2? 
Management: 
See, very, very strict breakdown cannot be given because depending on availability of site the 
CAPEX will be done. But broadly, around 30% could go to GA-3, rest I think almost 60%, 65% 
will be in GA-1 and GA-2. And Rs. 1,300 also includes around 15%, 20% in UEPL. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karti, who is an investor. Please go ahead. 
Karti: 
Sir, with respect to the reduction in the APM gas already, is there any discussion on a CGD 
basis, industry basis, for either reduction of excise or inclusion of NG in the GST regime with 
the government? Because I seem to understand that at present the volume of APM is at 40% and 
gradually it may be phased out to 0%. So considering the parameter whether any discussion is 
there as a CGD industry as a whole to include either reduction in excise or maybe inclusion of 
NG in GST wherein it will promote more usage of NG and will align with the government’s 
vision also for increasing the gas volumes from 6% to 15%? Is there any discussion going on, I 
just wanted to know on that. 
Management: 
A lot of discussion is going on. In fact, our regulator PNGRB has also been following it up with 
ministry for, one, elimination of excise duty on the CNG, as well as LCNG also. And second is 
the inclusion of gas in the GST. So, we were hoping that something positive should come out at 
least in next GST Council meeting as well as in the next budget. But the discussions are going 
on for both these items, one is GST as well as excise duty. 
Management: 
Discussions always have happened within the industry also as an industry association also with 
things are getting discussed. And they have been put up in right perspective to both MOPNG 
and regulator and other ministries, because final decision will either come from GST Council or 
from the Finance Ministry regarding excise duty. So everything is not in control of the 
association or the CGD industry. But yes, we keep on pressing our views to the right forums. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Karti: 
And my second question is related to the I&C volumes. So if we see in Q4 FY ‘25 the volumes 
from I&C are at 0.59 mmscmd. So, wherever areas where MDP and steel network is charged, 
with the connection of further prospective I&C customers, what is the outlook for the I&C 
volumes over the next three years, maybe medium term we can consider? 
Management: 
I think we answered this question some time back. Currently our I&C volume is between 0.6 
mmscmd and 0.7 mmscmd. And we are looking to take it up to about 1 mmscmd, 1.1 mmscmd 
in a couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our last question from the line of Mr. S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Hello. So before we close the call I just had a couple of thoughts. One is, if you look at the 
slowdown in the auto sector, they are growing in at 2% to 3%, what is the kind of run rate one 
can expect in terms of CNG vehicle additions, what are you seeing this month?  
 
And secondly, if you look at the price increases you have taken between December and April 
and the kind of stabilization in the input gas cost, are we now there in terms of having passed on 
most of the gas cost changes? And eventually will we see volume growth and the price increase 
helping you improve the top line growth and margins? How do you read that situation over the 
next one, two years? 
Management: 
There were multiple questions, Ramesh, on that, but going one by one. See, the procurement 
cost has gone up as APM has come down substantially for CNG. As far as DPNG is concerned, 
we are getting 100% APM allocation, so there is no problem. Coming to CNG, yes, it is a very 
dynamic situation. Currently we are getting around 36% APM and balance is sourced through 
multiple bases, HPHT, new well gas, Henry Hub, and a mix of plus some balancing spot gas 
also. So, since the crude has come down substantially in the last few months, we think that we 
will be able to manage with the current prices. But again, it is a very dynamic situation depending 
on the alternate fuel prices and our cost to procurement. How it looks like in the next few months 
we will take a call on final whether to increase or decrease the prices.  
 
With respect to margins, yes, we are comfortable, as has already been answered. The volume 
growth, again, has been addressed at around 10% volume growth is expected. With respect to 
CNG vehicle additions, we are adding around 98,000 this year, which is a huge number as far 
as year-on-year growth is also concerned. The auto sector, I mean, again, all the fuels are 
working closely, like it cannot be said that CNG volumes over the country is growing up. If you 
see some of the report, CNG was the highest sale in terms of percentage growth, around 46% 
year-on-year, whereas EV has come down slightly. So it again keeps on changing year on year 
and also push is there for promoting EV and CNG vehicles even in Mumbai and Delhi, given 
that Mumbai High Court Committee has been constituted. So we see that as an upside, if 
pollution is to take into consideration, so we may get some upside from the High Court 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Committee recommendations and acceptance by the High Court. So overall, we see it as a mixed 
bag where we have some positives and some adverse things to deal with, some challenges to 
deal with. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you very much. With that, we shall close the call. We shall thank all the investors and 
analysts for joining the call with some insightful questions. And we thank the MGL management 
for giving us this opportunity to host the call and for answering all the questions patiently. Thank 
you very much, sir. Have a good day. Thanks a lot. 
Management: 
Thank you everyone for joining for today's investor call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Registered Address: MGL House, G-33 Block,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),   
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra  
 
  
 
Contact details: investorrelations@mahanagargas.com  
Website: www.mahanagargas.com   
CIN: L40200MH1995PLC088133  
 
