 
 
 
Date: 16th May 2025 
 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
[Symbol: EVEREADY] 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy  
Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
[Scrip Code: 531508] 
 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range 
Kolkata -  700 001 
[Scrip Code: 000029] 
Dear Sirs / Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure    
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q4 
FY25 
 
 
In continuation to our letters dated 1st May 2025 and 12th May 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q4 FY25 held on 12th May, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Call is available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.evereadyindia.com/investors/investor-meet-call/. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Eveready Industries India Limited 
 
 
 
Shampa Ghosh Ray  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
SHAMPA 
GHOSH RAY
Digitally signed by 
SHAMPA GHOSH 
RAY 
Date: 2025.05.16 
12:12:05 +05'30'

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Eveready Industries India Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Suvamoy Saha – Managing Director  
Mr. Anirban Banerjee – CEO 
Mr. Bibek Agarwala – Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Anirban Ghosh – GM, Finance and Head of Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Eveready Industries India’s Q4 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Eveready Industries India’s 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we are joined by senior members of the Management Team including Mr. 
Suvamoy Saha – Managing Director, Mr. Anirban Banerjee – CEO, Mr. Bibek 
Agarwala – Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Anirban Ghosh – 
GM, Finance and Head of Investor Relations.  
Before we begin the call, let me first share our standard disclaimer: 
Some of the statements that may be made on today's conference call could be 
forward looking in nature and the actual results could vary from these forward-looking 
statements. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the press release 
document which has been circulated to you earlier and also available on the stock 
exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Saha to share his perspectives with you. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you, Nishid, and good afternoon, everyone. I am delighted to welcome you to 
Eveready Industries India's Q4 and FY25 Earnings Call. 
Let me start by setting the scene for the last year, both on the macroeconomic front 
as well as internal developments. 
Though inflation was largely in check, we saw rural consumer spending not picking 
up to the expected level, while urban demand remained stagnant. A good monsoon 
last year, though delayed, boosted agricultural incomes. And hopefully this will 
translate to healthier market growth in the coming times. For the current year, early 
forecast suggests a healthy season ahead.  
On the cost front, we faced significant volatility in zinc prices and fluctuations in the 
rupee-dollar exchange rate. However, we monitored both closely and acted swiftly 
to protect our margins.  
FY25 also marked the completion of our route-to-market transformation. We are 
already seeing benefits accruing from it from the second half of the year. And in the 
future, we should continue to enjoy the benefits in faster deliveries, better stock 
availability and improved field productivity.  
At the same time, e-commerce and quick-commerce channels have expanded 
rapidly, and we are intensifying our focus on these digital platforms. Also, as we 
continue to serve our traditional trade partners, enhanced focus is being provided to 
upskill our sales force and broadening our outlet coverage. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Turning to our brands: 
We invested a little over 10% of sales back into advertising and promotions. We 
positioned our Alkaline Battery range under a performance-driven offering and rolled 
out integrated campaigns across TV, digital, print and below-the-line activations. The 
result: Strong volume growth in Alkaline Batteries, where we hit a 14% volume share 
by end of the year.  
We reinforced our efforts with a refreshed Zinc-Carbon range supported by targeted 
communications, and I am pleased to report that we held our overall battery market 
share steady at 53%. We also continued to be the only player communicating to 
consumers in the Flashlights category.  
Despite the cost headwinds, we held our gross margin firmly within our target range 
through disciplined cost controls. Looking ahead, the Greenfield Alkaline Battery 
plant in Jammu is on track to commence commercial operations by the year-end, 
which will further enhance our cost efficiencies and reduce reliance on imports.  
Now a quick segment by segment update: 
Batteries: 
Despite a sluggish market, Carbon-Zinc volumes held steady on the back of our wide 
distribution network. As already mentioned, our Ultima and Ultima Pro ranges gained 
substantial traction both in volume and value.  
In Flashlights: 
Rechargeable models continue to drive premiumization and with the new BIS 
certification in place and soon to be operational after the usual period allowed for 
compliance, we expect market consolidation to favor organized players.  
In Lighting: 
While value erosion remains a challenge, we are protecting margins by optimizing 
our price mix, launching value-added products and expanding into modern trade, e-
commerce and institutional channels.  
Now for brief comments on the financial results: 
As we have indicated in our previous calls, our estimate to be back on the growth 
trajectory from the second half of the year came true, with both third and fourth 
quarters registering mid to high single-digit growth.  
This resulted in an overall revenue growth for the full financial year, albeit a small 
one, but a significant one as an inflection point towards sustainable growth for the 
future. Both EBITDA and PAT improved over the previous year by 8.6% and 23.5% 
respectively, aligned with the Company's operational performance.  
As we enter FY26, our priorities are clear. Deliver profitable growth across all four 
segments, complete the alkaline project on time, and deepen our market leadership 
through new products, storage channels and relentless cost discipline.  
Before I end these initial remarks, I am happy to share that at its meeting on May 
9th, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Anirban Banerjee – Head 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
of Businesses, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. This marks an 
important step in our planned leadership transition as I prepare to step down from 
my role on September 30, 2025. I am delighted that he has joined us on today's call 
and will be part of the team on an ongoing basis to advise and address queries from 
investors and analysts.  
With that, I thank you for your attention. I now look forward to your questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Arnav Sakhuja from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to know what figure for A&P 
expenses can we expect going forward in FY26? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
It will be around the same level as we had in the last year. 10% of sales. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay. And just one more question. So, correct me if I am wrong, but in the alkaline 
segment, our market share has now reached 14%. So, in FY26, do we expect to 
capture some more market share? Will it remain around this 14% level?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So the target for the Company, the internal target that we have taken up is that by 
FY26 end, we should be closer to 20%.  
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Thanks for answering my questions.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Luv Jain from Artha India Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Luv Jain: 
Hi, very good evening and congratulations on the results. My first question is on the 
Jammu plant that you mentioned that it is likely to open at the end of this year. And 
further on that, I have seen that in the previous interaction that, Rs. 180 crore CAPEX 
for the Jammu facility was to be funded with the mix of 25% self-financing and 75% 
of debt. Are you in line with this financing or are you changing your capital structure 
like funding more from reserves or any changes in the capital structure?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we are very much on track and we will go by what we said at the beginning of 
the investment. So, we maintain that we will have a 25% from internal accruals. The 
rest will be funded through the loan.  
Luv Jain: 
And on this Jammu facility, you expected that we bring around 10% reduction in cost. 
Could you clarify whether this benefit will be limited to battery segment alone or will 
it be reflected in overall reduction in the total expenses across all revenue segments?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, of course, because the plant is primarily for battery purposes, and we stay 
committed at this point of time that, you know, the major reason for that plant getting 
hit here is the cost reduction. So we state that at least it will give a 10% plus saving 
for the battery. And if we get the right product, of course, there will be a synergy of 
cost optimization.  
Luv Jain: 
And the next question is on the flashlight segment that we have seen a growth of 
6.6% Y-o-Y as per the guidelines. On Q4 FY24 concall, we were expecting a 10% to 
12% growth. Is there any kind of sustainability we can see on the growth side also 
on flashlights?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you know, as we mentioned, the category suffered a little bit on the rural demand 
pick-up because we had mentioned that 10% growth with an idea of what would be 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
the rural pick-up, but that didn't take place. So, it scaled down to 7%, but we are quite 
confident that with the BIS now coming into play, this category will certainly see 
higher level of growth in the coming times.  
Luv Jain: 
And about the Alkaline Battery segment that you mentioned in the previous question 
that you are expecting 20% market share by FY26. Can I ask you what is the overall 
market size right now that you are in and you also in the previous interaction 
mentioned Duracell is the dominant Company in this segment and our target is to 
reach 50%+ market share. So, can I ask by when we can expect this range of market 
share to achieve?  
Anirban Banerjee: 
See the market size for the batteries market currently is going at about, consumer 
values is at about Rs. 3,400 odd crore, right. So out of that, close to about 12% of 
the market, and you can do the math, which is close to about Rs. 400 odd crore, 
would be seen as alkaline as a segment. So, the balance 88% continues to be zinc 
in India. Of that close to Rs. 400 odd crore, Duracell post our becoming about 14% 
and there are one or two other players in the market, with all of us put together, we 
would together be I think about 18% of the market and the estimates are that Duracell 
would continue to hold about 82% to 83% share of that 12% of the battery market in 
India.  
 
On your question on how long will it take to go to 50%, which I definitely think is the 
right and fair share for Eveready, my sense is that with the current trajectory, it should 
take another close to three to four years before we should be able to be half the 
alkaline market in India. Hope that answers your question.  
Luv Jain: 
Yes, thank you so much. And on the next question, I have seen that the fourth 
category of revenue that you mentioned in the last 3-4 quarters, is there any idea 
what is the status on the 4th category of revenue?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, there has been no 4th category per se, but we have introduced adjacent product 
categories, like we have come out with mosquito rackets. We are on the anvil of 
launching on the lighting side, MCBs and wires. So these are, you know, and then 
some allied appliances. We haven't really gone and started a new category, a 
Greenfield category. So, we have more concentrated on putting out adjacent 
products aligned to the existing three categories.  
Luv Jain: 
And on the next question, can you give a brief idea about route-to-market strategy? 
What operational efficiency are we looking to improve? Are we looking at targeting 
the distribution through quick commerce and other modern distribution channels? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, I think this we have covered several times in our earlier interactions, and I will 
once again say that the route-to-market was primarily targeted towards our general 
trade and our electrical distribution. And when we implemented it, we did face some 
challenges because we overnight brought down a distributor count closer of 5,000 
to 1,000. You know, that needed a lot of logistics changes, change of people, etc.  
 
However, we knew directionally that was the right thing to do. And over time, over 
the 18 months which I would say somewhere there is no hard coded date, but I would 
say by end of the 2nd quarter of FY25, we had by and large ironed out all those 
challenges. And the system is now sort of quite free, easy to take on the desired 
objectives that we had set ourselves from.  
 
With regard to e-commerce and modern trade, that is again a very promising channel 
for us and we are trying to leverage to the best of our ability on those which has 
nothing to do with the traditional trade where we did the route-to-market. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Shrivastav from RBC 
Consultant. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Shrivastav: 
Thank you. A follow-up question on the Alkaline Battery. A, do we expect the Alkaline 
Battery share in the overall market to grow over time with the improving purchasing 
power of the middle class? That was one question. B, with this 10% cost reduction 
when we start producing in India, my question was that what kind of advantage does 
it come in terms of current market prices with Duracell today? If you can answer 
them, then I will go to my next question.  
Anirban Banerjee: 
So growth of the Alkaline Batteries in India will be directly proportional to the growth 
of some of the high consumption of batteries in devices. So the propagation of these 
devices, whether it is an optical mouse or a blood pressure monitoring system or 
remote-control toys or battery-operated toothbrushes have been far more prolific in 
the developed countries and in lot of parts of Asia. And thus you would see the 
trajectory of the Alkaline Batteries in those countries have been far more accelerated.  
 
India is one of the very few bastions where zinc continued to be 90%-95% of the 
battery market. But over the next decade, with our macros looking stronger, we 
definitely see that affordability of the Indian middle class, as you rightly pointed out, 
and thus the penetration of some of these high drain devices by various 
organizations should help in accelerating and increasing the consumption of alkaline.  
 
While having said that, your second question was that as we get a production 
foothold in India, obviously our margins improve. It may not have a direct bearing on 
the consumer prices as today the consumer prices for alkaline whether it is Duracell 
or Eveready is the same. In fact, let's say, if at all over a period of time the alkaline 
could technically be right priced which today might be actually under par. So yes, 
local production definitely helps us and improves our margin for a much more prolific 
expansion of the Alkaline Batteries in India. Hope that answers your question.  
Vikas Shrivastav: 
Yes, thank you, Mr. Banerjee. Just a few more follow-up questions and I will just spell 
them out in one go. When are we expecting commercial production here? That was 
one. Unrelated question, you set up this factory in Jammu and bought real estate 
while we have our own real estate in other places or parts of India. My question was, 
where are these real estate? And I know I was told by Mr. Saha in one of the last 
calls that we are not in the business of selling land. But land which we are not using 
can be sold to reduce debt, and it could be a decent amount of money. So, I just 
wanted to know, what was the thinking behind setting up in Jammu and not using 
your existing land? And where are the pieces of land and factories which are 
completely unused?  
 
My follow-up question was, give us some idea of what's happening to the KKR debt. 
Because a lot of our land, etc., due to High Court and Supreme Court restrictions 
cannot be sold till we settle the KKR debt. And the last question was that what is the 
status of the CCI penalty?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, you have asked a total of five questions. So, let me give you one by one. Yes, 
as Suvamoy mentioned that we are on track as far as the Jammu plant timelines are 
concerned, before the end of this financial year, FY26, we expect the commercial 
production from the Jammu plant.  
 
Now, the purpose of choosing Jammu is, of course, there is a commercial reason. 
You know the kind of incentive that Jammu is giving, which is way better than any 
other State Government. You have to see that the pricing of alkaline is so competitive 
that if you don't get better realization, either through cost optimization or through 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
some incentive, it will be difficult. So, that is one of the reasons for choosing Jammu 
as an investment destination for us.  
 
With respect to lands, as we maintain that in a land and KKR matter, I think these 
are two related things to be discussed in context. First of all, I take the KKR question 
and then we go to land. KKR matter has been discussed and final arbitration has 
happened. And there are some timelines till 30th September has sought the claimant 
for internal settlement with all the parties. So, we expect that before 30th of 
September, the decision will come out on the KKR matter.  
 
So now selling any land and discussion on the land is not in the question till the time 
KKR cases get solved. And on the Jammu plant, the Company has taken a decision 
two years back. So, you can understand at that point of time, we have to take a 
decision because of commercial reason. The Company has taken a call. And of 
course, when the KKR matter gets resolved, then the Company in due course will 
take a call that which are the lands productive, which are non-productive. Of course, 
you are absolutely right on your thinking that if we can dispose-off some of the 
property and we can get some value, why not repay the debt? Very valid thought. 
And we will also consider once immediately this KKR matter gets resolved.  
 
CCI case, it is no development. There was a date on 5th of May which has got 
deferred to the 5th of August. So, I hope all the questions have been answered. 
Vikas Shrivastav: 
Thank you, Mr. Saha. That was very helpful. Just one last bit which you did not 
answer was, where are our factories and what are these lands? As a shareholder, 
this should be public knowledge in the domain. What do we have today and land in 
which all destinations which we are not using today? We may use it day after, but 
today what are the lands or what are the factories which are not being used by 
Eveready?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we have, first of all, you know, our website will give you, provide this information. 
So, it is not hidden information. We operate out of a very small plant in Kolkata, which 
is historical, where we also incidentally have our R&D center. Then we have a plant 
in Assam, a place close to Goalpara. We have a plant in Haridwar. We have a plant 
in Mysore. We have a plant in Lucknow and one plant in Noida.  
 
Now, as Bibek rightly said, the time for us to evaluate which one would sort of not be 
as productive as the other one would really come at the time when this KKR matter 
gets resolved. You are right that we could have. And what you refer to, we hold to. 
We selling land is not in our normal course of business. However, if some asset 
becomes surplus, obviously the Company would think of selling it off. But Bibek has 
rightly pointed out that time is not right yet to come to that conclusion. We will come 
to that in due course of time. All the plants that I listed are currently operating. They 
all make products for the Company.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Bhargav from Ambit Asset Management. 
Please go ahead.  
Bhargav: 
Good afternoon, and thank you very much for the opportunity. So, my first question 
was on this alkaline plant which we will put up in Jammu. So, Rs. 180 crore obviously 
translate into a fairly large turnover. Especially given that we are at close to Rs. 50 
crore to Rs. 60 crore of run rate in alkaline and obviously as we are looking at 20% 
market share, we are effectively not going to cross Rs. 100 crore in this. So, is it fair 
to say that we are also looking at other opportunities like exports of the Alkaline 
Batteries from India or maybe also sell to some B2B channel? Lot of corporates also 
consume Alkaline Batteries. So, just wanted to have thoughts on that.  

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Bibek Agarwala: 
Yes, very true. Actually, I think you have gauged the point. This plant is not only for 
today selling to the B2C market. There is a huge opportunity on the B2B OEM and 
export opportunities. So the entire objective of putting the plant was to consider 
holistically that how do we capture the entire OEM bit because as we say that if we 
have to put the batteries in the blood pressure machine, you have to have a very 
cost competitive pricing so that you can connect with the OEM. So, those are the 
strategies to incorporate that B2B market also through the Jammu plant.  
Bhargav: 
So, parallely, I mean, to cater to these opportunities, are we already taking steps? 
Meaning, are we visiting these foreign buyers who might buy from us or maybe these 
OEMs? So, are we parallelly doing it or maybe once the plant comes in and then we 
start those initiatives?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, we are parallelly doing it.  
Bhargav: 
Secondly, you alluded briefly to some of the new product developments on which we 
are working. So, is it fair to say that this will be mainly as an ancillary to batteries, 
like say, maybe mobile battery chargers, etc., or a sort of emergency lamp, which 
we see on the website, which has an inverter attached to something like this, or it 
may be very different in terms of NPD? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So this should be all at this point of time ancillary to all our three existing verticals, 
which is batteries, flashlights and lights. And there would be perhaps one 
commonality that we would be using in all these products some battery source which 
gives us synergy with the Company. We have not yet thought of any category, which 
as I mentioned a little while back, which is infill  in nature, which has nothing to do 
with the existing three categories.  
Bhargav: 
And lastly, Mr. Saha, thank you very much for your time. You have been really kind 
enough since so long. And Mr. Anirban, congratulations on your appointment as the 
CEO. Thank you very much.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you. Very kind of you.  
Anirban Banerjee: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please go 
ahead.  
Chirag: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is related to the battery segment. Is 
it possible for you to give value based figures between the Alkaline Batteries and 
Zinc Batteries for the entire year?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Okay. So, Zinc Battery throughout the year is Rs. 800 crore and the Alkaline is Rs. 
55 crore.  
Chirag: 
With this kind of mix at this moment, I just want to know as margins for Alkaline 
Batteries are comparatively lower, 20% at this moment and once the new facility 
would commence, it would improve. However, with increasing zinc prices at current 
levels, are we expecting some kind of reduction in our gross margins for the next 
year or going forward?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we are trying to hold to the almost same level, 100 bps plus and minus because 
more and more alkaline mix may disturb, but we will try to recover it from some other 
operational efficiencies.  

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Chirag: 
So, our target gross margins will be the same as what it is at current levels?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
We try to hold near about that. As I said, 100 bps plus minus.  
Chirag: 
My next question is related to lightning segment. In our previous calls, we have 
mentioned that we are increasing our focus towards professional and consumer 
luminaires, right? Just wanted to know what are the developments over there 
because I was having an understanding that due to this kind of a strategic thought, 
our volume and value growth in the lighting segment was expected to increase at a 
faster pace. Is this because of the higher erosion in price that is taking place? And if 
it is yes, then could you just let us know what kind of erosion of price has taken place 
till now?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you know, this is the experience of the entire lighting industry. There has been 
significant price erosion. While we have been able to grow volumes, our revenue 
growth was very muted. I mean, we did a positive growth, but it was muted.  
 
With regard to that, you know, growing our consumer luminaires, it is a continuous 
process because we are under indexed there. And that is the journey that we have 
already started taking in terms of reviewing the portfolio, what needs to go to the 
retailer, etc. That job is on. And hopefully in the coming days, we will see 
improvement in that indexation.  
 
With regard to professional luminaires, we have sort of inducted a new leadership, 
and we are extremely aspirational on this vertical in the lighting. So that is as of now. 
We did grow last year also on professional luminaire by about what?  
Anirban Banerjee: 
A high double digit.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
A high double digit. But we think we should grow even faster than that in the current 
year. 
Chirag: 
Two general questions. One is, could you let me know what is the mix of general 
trade and alternate channels?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, general trade and alternate channel is around 74%, 26%. So, three-fourth is the 
trade and one-fourth is the alternate channels.  
Chirag: 
This is for the entire year, FY25, right?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Yes.  
Chirag: 
And second question. I am able to see that our gross debt levels are similar at this 
hovering around Rs. 310 crore level. However, our interest costs have gone down 
drastically over the last one-year period. Is it because of the change in interest rate 
what has happened and what can be the finance cost that we can expect going 
forward?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, two parts. You know, the gross debt reduction has happened throughout, if you 
see, it may look like the debts are looking same compared to last year. But actually, 
on a like-to-like basis, there is almost Rs. 90 crore to Rs. 100 crore date reduction 
which has happened throughout the year. But there is another investment of Rs. 100 
crore for Jammu plant which has happened recently.  
 
So, while the debt reduction has happened throughout the year, but the payment for 
the Jammu investment has gone recently. So that is one of the reasons of the interest 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
looking better than that. And so we will see, today because our interest cost, we 
expect that it will be in line with the additional borrowing because if we have invested 
Rs. 100 crore, so there will be another Rs. 80 crore spend to be on account of the 
Jammu plant. So, we currently maintain around 8.7% to 8.8% kind of coupon rate 
and we look forward to hold on the same round. So, interest cost will be on line with 
that only.  
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Lastly, when you mentioned in the call that 12% and 88% market mix 
of batteries in alkaline and Zinc, was it related to volume-based mix or value-based 
mix?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
That's value based.  
Chirag: 
Value based, okay, thank you so much. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Priyanka Sarkar with Square 64 Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Sarkar: 
Good afternoon. You mentioned a bit on the lighting. I just want to get some more 
clarity. Point one is, what is the outlook for the lighting segment at an overall level 
because there has been continuous price erosion? That is one. And what are the 
margins that we clocked for the entire FY25 in this division of lighting? And are we 
on target to double the revenue which we had given I think two years back?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, operating margin for the lighting, for whole year we could manage to break even 
actually this year. So, while you may see there is a very marginal increase in the top 
line, but our volume growth was substantial. So, in this business, last year we are 
around 4%, 3.5% type of operating margin, negative. So, we could manage to come 
to the break even this year.  
Priyanka Sarkar: 
Another question is, what is the number of distributors that we have reached for 
lighting as of now? And what was it in F24? Because I believe we are trying to have 
a separate channel for lighting, right?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we have about currently 250 active distributors. The numbers have not changed 
very drastically. What has happened is we have, you know, as we said that this is a 
focus area and we need good distributors to partner us for the growth journey. So, 
we have eliminated some distributors who we thought were not really sort of fitting 
the bill and taken on new distributors. So, count remains the same but the quality 
has improved.  
Priyanka Sarka: 
The first question which I asked, are you on track to double our revenue in the lighting 
segment which we had given a couple of years back?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, so, you know, we have been extremely ambitious on the lighting, but this price 
erosion was something which was not at that time factored in our thoughts. So, we 
remain aspirational and we have internally again taken our target for growth. I would 
say significant growth this year.  
 
The price erosion, you also had asked where do we see this price erosion going. It 
is tapering off. I mean, it has not stopped but it is tapering off. And we hope that the 
way the cost dynamics work, it cannot be sustained for too long by all the players, 
not alone by us.  
 
So, I think the market would resume its normal behavior sooner than later. And 
hence, as we have mentioned, we managed to grow volumes. But the value did not 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
sort of reflect that. In the coming times, I think volume as well as value both would 
show, I would say, significant level of growth.  
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Thank you, and wish you all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Arnab, who is an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Arnab: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I have one comment and one question. Coming 
to the comment, I wanted to thank Suvamoy. I remember from the first Eveready 
conference call, first two calls, he told us a plan and for last eight, nine quarters, with 
his leadership team, he has executed the plan. Eveready looks very different and in 
a much better shape today in terms of business plan, execution capability and what 
it has been able to achieve on the ground. And I am sure with all his leadership team, 
a lot of creative people, Suvamoy. So, thank you very much. Heartfelt thanks from 
the side of the shareholders.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Much appreciated. Really much, very kind.  
Arnab: 
All right. Now moving on to a question. So, one of the targets we had was we would 
get to twice as much revenue as we had in FY21-22, around that time. And I know 
that even the categories we have, which grows about, you know, one category grows 
5%, one there is not expected price erosion, the flashlight is not big enough to move 
the needle. So probably, even if we take three years out, we would have added in 
these three categories together, optimistically, maybe another Rs. 500 crore. That 
will still leave us with a gap of Rs. 500-600 crore or maybe Rs. 400 crore on our 
acquisition term, which was a new category, maybe an acquisition or anything. So, I 
was curious to know at this point, do you want to leave us with some point of what 
to expect on that front going forward? That's all. Thank you very much. 
Bibek Agarwala: 
So no, you are very true actually, you know, FY21-22 onwards we planned to do the 
doubling, and I think this has come a couple of times. But you know the dynamics of 
the industry was little bit different now because once we took over that ambitious 
target, lighting was one of the biggest growth driver. If you see the last two years, we 
may have grown the volume more than 40%, but our value almost remained 
constant. That is one of the things. And what has happened over a period of time is 
that zinc carbon, because of the competitive pricing of Alkaline Battery which remain, 
there is a very two front. One is volume growth is tepid and the price increase is also 
not very deep spoken at the high because the value alkaline prices are also 
moderately below par. So, this is the second reason for the battery.  
 
And third, flashlight is an innovative category. You might have seen that Eveready 
earlier, two years back, was mostly on the battery-operated flashlight. But what 
happened? The market has significantly moved towards the rechargeable flashlight. 
So, over the last four quarters, there is an enough number of innovation has 
happened in the flashlight category. And today we think that will lead us to the next 
level of growth and plus the BIS certification, which is expected early next year will 
give a level playing field for the organized sector. So, these things have taken, I think, 
post route-to-market six to eight quarters of the settling time as you rightly mentioned 
that we are maybe two years we have lost in our entire journey.  
Arnab: 
So, 4th category plan right now, there is nothing in the offering, or will it come with 
some time? 
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, two things. First of all, innovation, new things, almost always in radar. So, as of 
now, we are working only on adjacency. But if you say 4th category, it is only on the 
drawing board level for us. We are thinking many categories, but we have to be very 

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
careful, because building a category, building a brand takes a hell lot of time. Since 
we have just settled down our route-to-market, we want to see a couple of quarters 
of while parallel growth. Plus, we think a new product, new innovation, whether it is 
a new category or through efficiency. But the growth is paramount for us now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Luv Jain from Artha India Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Luv Jain: 
Hi, can you tell me what is the status of Electrical Outlet Division (EOD)? Can you 
share some revenue numbers or growth that the Company is expecting?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, electrical outlet divisions as you said are the key channels for our revenue 
growth. So, around Rs. 115 crore is the revenue for those channels with 10% growth 
there.  
Luv Jain: 
In the previous interaction, you mentioned that you expected to reach around Rs. 
1,800 crore revenue by FY27. Is there any tentative timeline where you can see the 
growth of this much of revenue?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, now we still have two years to go and if, finger crossed, we are on the right 
trajectory, as you see, after the five quarters, we have constantly demonstrated a 
growth journey. So, last Quarter 3, we have a 9% plus and this quarter also 6% plus 
growth, and if this growth momentum continues and the kind of NPD and the 
adjacency product we have in line, this is very much possible. And we just only say 
that what we have seen unprecedented value erosion in the category of lighting, 
despite of serious volume growth, we could not see any revenue growth. So, these 
are some challenges, but at this point of time as we think that maybe that value 
erosion has bottomed out, and we may look forward whether it will be Rs. 1,700 or 
Rs. 1,600 or Rs. 1,800 crore, but what we can say that we are now completely having 
growth momentum in place. And we look forward to profitable growth in coming 
quarters.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please go 
ahead.  
Chirag: 
Thank you for the follow up. Is it possible for you to provide operating margins for all 
the three segments for FY25 and FY24?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Yes. So, the operating margin as we mentioned, I think lighting already we have 
mentioned is a breakeven at this point of time. And 15% for the battery business and 
8% for the flashlight business. Overall, it is 11.3%.  
Chirag: 
This was for FY25.  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Yes. 
Chirag: 
And for Q4 FY25? 
Bibek Agarwala: 
That is 13% for battery and almost flat for lighting business. And flashlight is 
marginally negative to a 5%.  
Chirag: 
And as you are mentioning that we have a substantial volume growth in lighting 
segment, could you give a ballpark number for the same and what kind of value 
growth on that?  

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, now you have to see in the lighting it has to be a category-by-category isolation 
as a lighting you can’t say because GLS, if you see, is a continuous de-growth 
category. But if I have to tell you that emergency bulb category, we have grown more 
than 20%. Consumer luminaire we have grown more than 30% So, these are the 
kind of volume growth we have got in these businesses. But because of one side is 
the value addition, another side is that GLS, which is continuously de-growing high 
double digit. So, that is why overall lighting volume is not comparable. Hence, I have 
given category wise number to you.  
Chirag: 
Thank you, and all the best for the future.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lakshminarayanan with Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
So, a couple of questions. The first is that there is a product differentiation and a 
distribution differentiation, right? So, if you just look across all your three product 
lines, clearly on batteries there is a product differentiation. For the other two 
categories, how you would think about differentiation? Is it a distribution or a regional 
or how to think about that?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you know, it is a mix of both. First of all, in batteries, we try to differentiate with 
higher performance, but the brand is very important. That is why all our endeavors, 
much of our ad spends and the promotional efforts go towards the batteries, keeping 
batteries high. We hold a very high market share of 53%. On flashlights, these are 
all feature driven. So, it is not only the brand, there are features which are unique to 
us which the rest of the market do not have.  
 
On the lighting, I would say, other than the emergency bulbs, where I think we have 
some features which others do not have, most of the products are somewhat me too. 
You cannot differentiate on an LED bulb. What more or less can you give? So, there 
it is the story of the brand and the story of the availability. So, you know, we make 
sure that in the geographies where we operate, our products are available on the 
shelves when the consumers go to pick them up. And for that matter, the e-
commerce platform or the modern store. So, that is what I would say, that it's a mix 
of all factors together. There is no one unique factor.  
Lakshminarayanan: 
And on rechargeable flashlights, right, so what kind of geography mix or Tier 1, Tier 
2 thing do you have? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I will let Anirban answer that.  
Anirban Banerjee: 
See the flashlights as a category in India, two-thirds of the flashlights come from rural 
India. So, it is not as relevant in urban India as it was because of better electricity, 
more cell phones, more mobile phones, etc. And that's, you know, wherever there is 
a agricultural belt from the east to west of the country, there is a certain dispersion 
of flashlights. So, West Bengal, Bihar, UP, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, as I said, 
it's a fair mix of East, West and North kind of comprises a significant portion in the 
Tier 2, Tier 1 and rural areas will be the primary target group and place for flashlights 
in India.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Shrivastav from RBC 
Consultant. Please go ahead.  

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Vikas Shrivastav: 
I have just a couple of more questions. We invested in our RTM and obviously the 
market has been disruptive, and we have moved to e-commerce and I think that's a 
thrust area. So, does the distribution cost come up over a period of time? How do 
you see the share of e-commerce versus traditional off-the-shelf sale? That was one 
question.  
 
The second question which I couldn't complete and which I wanted to know is that 
what is the size of the Noida plot? And I am assuming after we pay off and if all this 
consolidation happens after we pay off KKR and our CCI liability, if any, in the 
consolidation, do you expect just from these two, three cash flow sources or 
liabilities, could we expect some positive cash flows or could we be left with a 
liability?  
 
And third question was, what is the management's or the Board's decision on stock 
options to senior personnel of Eveready?  
Anirban Banerjee: 
I will take the first question which has to do with the distribution saliency. So, my 
sense is that, as we all know, e-commerce in India is at a nascent stage and is 
growing fast, and certainly it would be wise to be a participant in the journey. 
Batteries, you need it now when you need it, right. So, there is no question of waiting 
any longer for batteries that I go out and get it and that quick commerce is an 
important anvil for serving the consumer need for his immediate need for batteries 
that have gone poor. We are partnering with many quick commerce and are 
encouraging consumers in urban areas specifically to be cognizant and trying to be 
up on the share of shelf, etc. And our brand is very cleanly available across zinc and 
alkaline and other batteries including rechargeables and coins, etc.  
 
Now that being said, traditional trade in India is not going to go away anywhere at all 
is my sense of it. It is going to remain there, and it is going to be the pivotal backbone 
of any FMCG consumer goods Company. We are present in close to about 4.5 to 5 
million outlets as per third-party researchers, etc. And that to be disrupted completely 
by e-commerce very soon. So, to me, there is going to be a fair play of the traditional 
trade, the modern trade, running e-commerce channels, each serving to a set of 
consumers and their value needs and purposes. And we are going to keep our old 
channels while partnering some of the upcoming channels to be able to ensure that 
irrespective of where the consumer looks for a battery, he kind of very smoothly gets 
hands-on availability.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Coming to your second question with regard to what is going to be the heat on the 
Company for KKR or CCI, as we mentioned, this would be sort of known to us in the 
days to come. We already have explained to you earlier also our stand on the KKR 
issue and the appeal that we have made on CCI. Now whether this crystallization of 
amount would take place in the next two months or by 30th September as Bibek 
mentioned a little while back is something that we have to figure out.  
 
Now, obviously, any such hit, if at all, we would ensure that it doesn't fall adversely 
on the growth trajectory of the Company or its operational day-to-day business. So, 
at that point of time, exactly, I am not saying that I will know on day one and on day 
two I will decide. But management would apply its mind, as I said, that based on 
logistics, based on distribution, we would see which asset is the best to be rendered 
as surplus and hence, you know, sort of disposed of. We have not come to any such 
conclusion. So, putting a name to this at this point of time would be inappropriate 
and misleading maybe.  
Vikas Shrivastav: 
That's good. And on the stock options, please, what’s the, as a retention and 
compensation policy of the Company.  

                                                                                                                                                                                                Eveready Industries India Limited 
                                                                                                                                                                                                     12th May ,2025  
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So the Company is thinking about it, but as we had highlighted earlier also, I mean, 
we are waiting for this KKR matter to be resolved. As soon as that is resolved, we 
should be in a position to come out with, I mean, in principle, philosophically, the 
Company is totally aligned on this concept.  
Vikas Shrivastav: 
So, one can feel also comfortable that then we are not looking at a preferential 
allotment or anything to the current promoters in the near future.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
We really haven't, you know, that is getting ahead of ourselves. We have not thought 
that far. We know that as a method of compensation, senior employees need to be 
rewarded through the ESOP option and that is what we would be working on.  
Vikas Shrivastav: 
Thank you very much. You have been very patient with me. Thank you.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you. Pleasure as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you everyone for taking time out to join us on this earnings call today. I hope 
we have adequately answered all your questions. If you still have more queries, 
please reach out to our Investor Relations team and we will be happy to address 
those. Thank you once again and look forward to connecting with you again in the 
next quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Eveready Industries India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: The transcript has been edited for clarity and it may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility of such errors. 
 
