May 18, 2025 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2025 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call 
for audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 
31, 2025, held on Tuesday, May 13, 2025.  
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/investors/financials/quarterly-results 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Deepanjali Gulati  
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Deepanja
li Gulati
Digitally signed by 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Date: 2025.05.18 
17:25:49 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
List of Management Attendees  
 
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Hari Bhartia, Co-Chairman 
3. Mr. Deepak Jain, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
4. Mr. Varun Gupta, Chief Financial Officer 
5. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head Investor Relations 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Rohan Mehta, Ficom Family Office 
2. Siddharth Gadekar, Equirus 
3. Resham Jain, DSP Asset Managers 
4. Rohit Nagraj, B&K Securities 
5. Vidit Shah, Spark Capital 
6. Nitesh Dhoot, Anand Rathi 
7. Gokul Maheshwari, Awriga Capital Advisors 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q4&FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jubilant Ingrevia Limited Q4 & 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call. Please signal the operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor Relations 
at Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining Quarter 4 of 
Financial Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today could 
be forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been 
included in the Press Release and the Results Presentation that has been shared 
on our website. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia – Chairman, Mr. Hari Bhartia – Co-
Chairman, Mr. Deepak Jain – CEO and Managing Director, and Mr. Varun Gupta – 
CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
Quarter 4 of the Financial Year 2025 of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
We are pleased to announce sustained growth in revenue and margins for our 
Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition businesses. 
Our ongoing cost reduction efforts have further boosted our profitability with quarter's 
EBITDA margin reaching 14.7% and profit after tax increasing by 153% on year-on-
year basis. 
We are glad to share that the Board has recommended a final dividend of 250%, that 
is Rs.2.5 per share, equity share of face value of Re.1 each for FY25. This shall 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
result in a cash outflow of. Rs.39.8 crore. During the year, the company has already 
declared an interim dividend of 250%, that is Rs.2.50 per equity share of Re.1 each 
and a total dividend for FY25 works out to be 500%, that is Rs.5 equity per share of 
Re.1 each amounting to Rs.79.8 crore cash outflow. 
Let me share the overall market update with you all: 
The global chemicals and Specialty Chemicals sector has largely moved past the 
inventory destocking phase, showing volume recovery in specialty materials. 
Commodity segments continue to have volume under pressure though prices remain 
muted across segments and have stabilized at a new normal. 
The Pharmaceuticals end use market is experiencing steady demand, supported by 
stable pricing and consistent volume placements. Our pharma portfolio with fine 
chemicals business reflects these positive trends; however, we continue to face low 
volumes in acetyl business due to low demand in the Paracetamol segment. 
Agrochemicals segment has maintained its upward momentum this quarter, fueled 
by sales growth on both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter basis. Consequently, 
average prices in the sector have shown signs of recovery, suggesting potential price 
improvements during the ensuing quarters 
Nutrition markets saw a consistent rise in volumes. Niacinamide demand held steady 
with prices remaining stable throughout the quarter. 
Meanwhile, Choline demand experienced a notable surge, though its pricing 
remained under pressure due to China imports. 
In the light of recent global tariffs imposed by U.S. government, we are pleased to 
report that the impact on our US sales has been minimal. Approximately, 10% of our 
total sales are in the US and only 25% of those fall under additional 10% dutiable 
items. This means just 2.5% of our overall global sales might be affected by the US 
tariff. 
Additionally, the potentially higher tariff on Chinese exports to US compared to Indian 
exports, we anticipate favorable conditions on both volume and pricing of our US 
export portfolio in the coming quarters. 
Now, let me talk about our Business Updates: 
In the Specialty Chemicals business segment, overall volumes remain stable. We 
are observing continuous growth momentum across our pyridine and picoline, fine 
chemicals and CDMO businesses with an expanded pipeline of newer opportunities 
for the coming quarters. In certain segments, we have started to see a slight price 
uptick as well. 
The Nutrition and Health Solutions business segment saw substantial year-on-year 
and quarter-on-quarter volume growth primarily fueled by significant increases in 
choline product volumes. While Niacinamide volumes remain stable, pricing within 
the segment remains stable throughout the quarter. 
We are witnessing a strong interest and customer enquiry in our human and cosmetic 
grade products and anticipate increasing production at our newly commissioned 
cGMP-compliant Niacinamide plant and Bharuch, Gujarat in the coming quarters. 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
In the Chemical Intermediates business segment, we observed sustained growth in 
ethyl acetic sales volumes both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. However, 
acetic anhydride volumes remain slow due to weak demand from Paracetamol 
sector. Overall prices in this segment stay relatively benign, which affected our 
margins. 
Now, let me give you an update on our CAPEX: 
In our strategic shift towards value added specialty chemical products, our CAPEX 
execution track record highlights our dedication of expanding and diversifying our 
business mix to enhance profitability. To achieve our goals, we have invested 
Rs.1,745 crore in the last three years out of the announced CAPEX plans of Rs.2,000 
crore in FY22. 
Looking ahead to FY26 and beyond, we plan to invest in high growth projects such 
as multi-purpose plants for Fine Chemicals, Diketene Derivatives, new CDMO 
Projects and Human Nutrition and Health Solutions Portfolio. 
Now, let me share a few details on our future outlook: 
We expect sustained growth and improved business performance, driven by 
advancements in Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition and Health Solutions along with 
efficient cost management. We remain committed to our Pinnacle 345 Vision and on 
track to achieve our envisaged growth plans. 
With this now I hand it over to Deepak to Discuss the business in detail. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. At the outset, I would like 
to thank you all for joining us today for the Q4 of FY25 Investor Call of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited. 
Let me first take you through the Overall Market Overview. In pharmaceuticals, 
during the quarter we observed consistent volume demand across pharma end use 
segments, particularly in our Fine Chemicals portfolio. Prices remain stable across 
various end use segments with some areas experiencing increases. However, 
demand for Paracetamol end use was subdued as customers operated their plans 
below optimal capacity. 
In the Agrochemicals sector, the global inventory destocking issues have eased, 
leading to a gradual rebound in agrochemical volumes and stabilized pricing. 
Pyridine-based agrochemical products are experiencing a steady recovery in both 
volumes and prices, contributing to consistent growth in our P&P portfolio. 
In the Nutrition sector, Choline has seen continued traction with significant year-on-
year and quarter-on-quarter volume increases despite prices remaining under 
pressure. Niacinamide has experienced year-on-year improvements in both volume 
and prices. Additionally, we are witnessing significant growth in human and cosmetic 
grade nutrition products, driven by the recent commissioning of our cGMP Vitamin 
B3 plant. 
As you know, we have rolled out several new initiatives in the last few quarters in 
line with our Pinnacle 345 growth roadmap. Let me share a few highlights on the 
progress from the last few months. First one, our core product platforms continue to 
drive growth and leadership in Q4. In pyridine and picoline, we have achieved 
globally #1 position, and we are the only scale non-Chinese player with significant 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
volume growth in FY25 and price increases in select segments. We are now World 
Leader in almost 35 of Pyridine Derivatives. 
In Niacinamide, we have maintained our top two leadership position in feed grade 
with year-on-year growth in volume and an uptick in prices, while our new cosmetic 
grade plant should further strengthen our global market share and position. 
#1. In Choline, we have maintained the #1 position in the dry CC domestic market 
with market share recovery in both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis. 
In the Acetyl segment, we have retained our market share in Acetic Anhydride and 
increased our share in Ethyl Acetate and Acetaldehyde. 
#2. We have increased our revenue share of the Specialty and Nutrition businesses 
in the portfolio to 64%, up from 62% last quarter, and its EBITDA share in the overall 
portfolio has increased to 94%, up from 73% last quarter. 
Our Pyridine and Picoline and its Derivatives, Diketene and Nutrition segments are 
showing strong year-on-year growth in revenue terms. 
Growth areas such as CDMO Pharma, Semiconductor Chemicals and Niacinamide 
for Cosmetics end use continue to gain strong traction. In our CDMO business we 
added 25-plus new molecules in our funnel in FY25 across pharma, agrochemical 
and semiconductor, thus creating new growth vectors which we hope to scale up in 
coming quarters and years. 
#3, on our international revenue, the revenues have grown to 45% share versus 34% 
last year with a 47% year-on-year increase. Our US revenue grew 22% year-on-year 
and 4% quarter-on-quarter, while revenue from Europe, Japan also increased. 
We continue to focus on key accounts and are expanding our business development 
teams across US, Europe and Japan with senior sales leaders recently hired for 
Japan and Europe already. 
#4 our key efficiency initiatives from last year continue to deliver substantial 
annualized savings of over Rs.120 crore from Surge, Lean, Business Excellence and 
other Energy Saving Programs. 
We have now launched Phase-II of our cost optimization program aiming to achieve 
even higher efficiencies of Rs.100 crore to Rs.150 crore in the coming quarters, 
thereby further improving our margin. 
On the CAPEX front, our recently commissioned Food and Cosmetic Grade 
Niacinamide and Niacin plant at Bharuch has witnessed rapid volume scale up over 
the last three months. Additionally, CAPEX is progressing as planned for the two 
new agro CDMO orders announced in previous quarter. 
As Mr. Bhartia has already mentioned, we have already invested Rs.1,745 crore over 
the past three years from the announced CAPEX plans of Rs.2,000 crore in FY22. 
Looking ahead in FY26, we plan to invest Rs.600 crore of additional CAPEX, 
including some spillover from FY25, which will be largely funded through internal 
accrual. In future years, the investment will go into high growth projects in a modular 
manner, including multi-purpose plants for fine chemicals, diketene, new CDMO 
projects and human nutrition portfolio. In the coming quarters, we will announce the 
launch of more CAPEX projects in line with our long-term growth strategy. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
On the Sustainability Front as well, our core initiatives remain on track to keep our 
leadership position intact. I am pleased to announce that we have retained our ESG 
ranking, achieving a gold rating and being in the top 95th percentile in the Eco Vadis 
rating. Additionally, our score of S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Index has improved 
further placing us in the 92nd percentile within the global chemical industry. 
As we announced earlier, I m delighted to share that during the last quarter, Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited has partnered with O2 Power to source 50% of the energy for its 
Bharuch manufacturing facility from renewable sources. This marks another step in 
our journey towards clean energy adoption following similar initiatives at our Savli 
and Gajraula manufacturing facilities last year. With this agreement, over 35% of our 
energy needs across all manufacturing units will now be met through renewable, 
reinforcing our commitment to a greener future. With such initiatives, we are proud 
to be driving impactful change, as we integrate sustainability into our operations. This 
will not only contribute significantly to the reduction of scope to emissions but also 
reduce our power cost in the coming quarters. 
Likewise, we have taken several other green initiatives which will help us have 
significant impact both environmentally and commercially. 
Now, let me take you through the updates on all of our three business segments 
Individually: 
During the year, Specialty Chemicals segment revenue grew 15% on a year-on-year 
basis on account of improved sales from pyridine and its value-added derivatives, 
diketene derivatives and CDMO businesses. During the quarter, Specialty 
Chemicals once again achieved its highest-ever EBITDA of Rs.129 crore and the 
highest EBITDA margin of 27% in the last 15 quarters. EBITDA for Specialty 
Chemicals grew by 93% on a year-on-year basis. Improvement in absolute EBITDA 
and elevated margins were achieved on account of cost optimizations and higher 
growth in pyridine and diketene derivatives. 
The CDMO business continues to grow with substantial increase in volumes both 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis fueled by rising number of inbound 
enquiries from the agro, pharma and semiconductor sector. 
CAPEX for two agrochem orders announced last quarter is progressing on schedule 
and will add to Specialty Chemicals business revenue and margins in the coming 
quarters. 
In the Nutrition and Health Solutions business during the quarter, revenue for the 
Nutrition and Health Solutions business increased by 15% year-on-year on account 
of higher volumes of both Niacinamide and Choline segment. EBITDA for the quarter 
increased by 237% year-on-year and 17% quarter-on-quarter, driven by higher sales 
of choline products. Additionally, increased year-on-year sales volumes and pricing 
of Niacinamide contributed to this growth. Our continuous cost optimization efforts 
are also contributing to higher margins. 
With our cGMP facility ramping up well, we observed a significant increase in 
demand for cosmetic-grade products while our food grade volumes continue to 
remain steady. 
During the quarter our choline products maintained strong volume traction on both 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis with stable pricing. 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
We achieved positive traction through ongoing cost rationalization efforts and an 
improved product mix. Additionally, food grade CCBT continue to gain traction, 
experiencing growth in volumes over the quarter. 
In the Chemical Intermediates business, quarterly revenue and EBITDA for the 
segment declined due to ongoing challenges in the primary end use markets for 
paracetamol, which negatively impacted both the volumes and pricing of acetic 
anhydride. Additionally, lower prices of ethyl acetate, led by intense competition also 
impacted adversely. Since acetic anhydride continues to face challenges from its 
main end market such as paracetamol and we are placing greater emphasis on ethyl 
acetate and acetaldehyde volumes to offset the impact of lower acetic anhydride 
volumes. 
Before I hand over to Varun, I am also pleased to share with you that Jubilant 
Ingrevia got a Great Place to Work Certification in the last quarter which is just the 
substantiation of all the efforts we are putting in to make our company better place 
to work for our people. 
With that, let me just hand over to Varun to take you through the Financials. 
Varun Gupta: 
Thank you, Deepak. A very good evening to all of you. I would like to thank you all 
for joining us today for the Quarter 4 Investor Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
The overall revenue during the quarter stood at Rs.1,051 crore as against Rs.1,071 
crore in Quarter 4 last year. The revenue was lower mainly due to the lower year-on-
year revenue from our Chemical Intermediates business segment. The EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at Rs.155 crore, reflecting 54% rise on a year-on-year basis and a 
5% increase sequentially over the last quarter. The growth in EBITDA was primarily 
driven by margin improvements in the Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition and Health 
Solutions business segments along with the various cost optimization initiatives 
which we have highlighted in the earlier call. 
The net debt of the company as on 31st March 2025 was Rs.658 crore and net debt-
to-EBITDA ratio has now reduced to 1.18 times as against 1.36 times in the previous 
quarter calculated on the basis of trailing 12-months EBITDA. 
The capital expenditure incurred during the quarter was Rs.65 crore and Rs.365 
crore for the completed financial year, which was primarily funded through internal 
accruals. In Financial Year ‘26 too, we plan to invest Rs.600 crore including the carry 
forward of the previous year’s projects in CAPEX to be again funded primarily 
through internal accruals. 
Net working capital percentage to turnover for Quarter 4 '25 reduced further at 17% 
as against 18.3% in Quarter 3 ‘25. Similarly, number of days of working capital has 
further reduced to 61 days as against 65 days in Quarter 3. This is reflective of our 
continuous efforts towards having optimal working capital and improving our OC 
which has shown continuous improvement in the last few quarters. 
Lastly, the PAT for the quarter was Rs.74 crore as against Rs.29 crore in Quarter 4 
Financial Year ‘24 witnessing an increase of 153% on a year-on-year basis. 
We will now be happy to address any questions that you may have. Thanks. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. So, I wanted to understand what are the 
current spreads in the acetic anhydride business, and also, when can we expect 
bottoming of both the acetyl cycle? That is my first question. And also on the 
Specialty Chemicals segment, purely from the next quarter perspective, how do you 
see the current export volumes on the Specialty Chemicals side, especially pyridine 
derivatives? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Rohan for the questions. Let me start by talking about the acetyl 
business cycle. As I shared in the previous two quarters as well, we are going 
through a down cycle in acetyl business on the acetic anhydride side, at least 
primarily driven by the low demand on a couple of big segments, end use segments 
such as paracetamol as well as agrochemical segment where acetic anhydride goes 
as a key ingredient.  
What we have observed is over the last few quarters there was a stocking of excess 
inventory in both the segments, but at least based on what we are hearing from our 
customers and our own analysis suggests that most of the inventory is now cleared 
up or will get cleared up in the coming quarter and hence we are hoping that we are 
very close to the bottom of the cycle and demand will start to pick up again in both 
paracetamol and in acetate at least which is one of the key and use segment of 
acetic anhydride, we are already seeing some volumes coming back gradually.  
So, we are hopeful that as that happens, in the coming few months, the pressure on 
the segment will start to ease off, and as a result, we hope to see an uptick both on 
volumes as well as the price of acetic anhydride.  
Coming to your second question on Specialty Chemicals exports, the exports have 
been increasing. Even in the last six months if you analyze EXIM data you will see 
our exports have increased significantly. Now diketene derivatives also we got 
couple of big orders in the last quarter which will continue through the year and then 
hopefully in the coming years as well for some of our newer products in the diketene 
value chain as well as our CDMO business, where in the coming months we will start 
to supply volumes against the CDMO contracts that we have announced in the past 
few months. So, across the three parts of our Specialty Chemicals business, our 
exports volume are growing in a very significant way, which is also reflected in our 
overall business mix where exports have grown almost 50% versus last year in the 
overall portfolio. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Got it. That is all from my side, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi, good evening. So, the first question is on FY25 revenue growth. Despite the kind 
of performance we have seen, we have not seen any material revenue growth. How 
should we think about this under our 345 Pinnacle program? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, that is a good question, Siddharth. You will have to dissect our growth rates by 
businesses. If you look at Specialty as well as Nutrition segments, they have grown 
quite significantly. Specialty segment growth is 15% year-on-year for the whole year 
FY25 and volume growth is even higher than that because pricing decline in a couple 
of segments the net growth in revenue terms is 25% and Nutrition segment has also 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
grown by almost 10%. And these are the two segments where we have been 
investing heavily and as we shared in our opening remarks also Rs.1,800 crore of 
investment that we have made in the last three years has gone into specialty and 
nutrition segments and we are in the process of ramping up the capacity utilization 
of these two businesses or the capacity which have come up in these two 
businesses.  
So, we are pretty sure that we will be able to maintain almost 15% to 20% growth in 
these two segments on a year-on-year basis in the coming years, which is very 
critical to meet our Pinnacle 345 Vision. Acetyl is the only business which as I 
explained in response to the first question which is going through a down cycle, but 
as I mentioned it is very close to the bottom of the cycle and we see an uptick in both 
volumes and price which will further give boost to the growth on the acetyl business, 
but also on the overall company revenue. So, at this stage, we are hopeful that we 
will be able to maintain a 20% year-on-year growth trajectory to meet our Pinnacle 
345 aspirations by FY30, at the overall company level. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Yes. The second question is on the spec chem EBITDA for the full year. EBITDA 
has grown by almost 70% from Rs.248 crore to Rs.422 crore. Out of this EBITDA, 
how much of this would be attributed to the cost savings initiatives that we have 
done? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, I have been sharing those updates in the quarterly calls. We have been working 
on both sides. One is increasing the volumes in Specialty Chemicals and as I just 
said, the volumes have grown even faster than or more than 15% last year and at 
the same time we are focusing on cost optimization efforts as well. We have not 
shared the exact breakdown in the markets because of confidentiality reasons. But 
what I can tell you is both sides have contributed in a very healthy way to the overall 
growth of EBITDA which we have seen. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, lastly, on that Lean 2.0 where we are expecting Rs.100 crore, Rs.150 crore of 
incremental cost savings, should we look at that coming entirely in FY26 so that can 
spill over to FY27? 
Deepak Jain: 
The intent is to deliver those kind of savings during the year itself, but of course as 
we talk we are still in the process of defining as well as executing some of those 
initiatives. We are moving as fast as we can to ensure that bulk of it gets aggregated 
into FY26 P&L itself. There could be some minor spillover, but at this stage at least 
we are hopeful and working towards ensuring all of it, or most of it comes in FY26 
itself. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, team. Congratulations first of all for a very strong 
performance in FY25. So, I think there are three questions from my side. First is the 
overall Rs.2,000 crore CAPEX including some spillover in FY26, what is the kind of 
revenue you are expecting overall, how much has been achieved and what is that 
incremental which is yet to come by?. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Resham, that is a good question. So, out of the Rs.2,000 crore, as we said, we 
have committed close to Rs.1,800 crore, some part is spilling over into FY26 
particularly against the big project that we announced on the agro CDMO side couple 
of quarters back, but as we shared in the previous calls as well our revenue to 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
CAPEX ratio for most of the Specialty and Nutrition investment is close to 1.3, 1.4 
and on the acetyl side, it is close to 1.6, 1.8 of course, depending on what price acetic 
anhydride is floating at. But at an overall level, average revenue to CAPEX ratio has 
been close to 1.5, which means the full potential revenue coming from this Rs.1,800 
crore of investment and then if I take out some of the infrastructure investment like 
in the boiler, etc., will be close to Rs.2,000 crore to Rs.2,500 crore. Of course, part 
of it is dependent on what price level the market is operating at. I would say at this 
stage based on the capacity utilization as well as the mix of revenue from new areas 
in our FY25 revenue, I can tell you almost 50% of that has already been achieved 
and the incremental growth of another 50% will be coming or Rs.1,000 crore odd will 
be coming from the same asset as we start utilizing them at a higher capacity levels. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood. So, basically if I look at the revenue at aggregate level, we have 
improved on margins, but revenue maybe because of price it is still not fully visible, 
but you expect a good healthy growth in FY26 because of all this utilization level? 
Okay, got it. 
Deepak Jain: 
Resham, absolutely right. And if you look at our revenues, just compare it with FY23 
revenue with FY25, you will see the Chemical Intermediates revenues have come 
down to almost Rs.1,000 crore. So, what has happened is we have added new 
revenue of about Rs.1,000 crore plus through all these investments but that got offset 
by the decline in Chemical Intermediates, which is what I was saying, on the back of 
this new capacity, if the total incremental revenue expected were Rs.2,000-2,500 
crore, half of that we have achieved, but of course that half got offset by whatever 
happened in Chemical Intermediates, but the other half of Rs.1,000 crore plus is yet 
to come, which we are hoping to achieve in next year or so. 
Varun Gupta: 
Resham, Varun here. Just to add to what Deepak mentioned, if you see our full year 
results, our specialty has grown by 15%, our Nutrition has grown double-digit at 10%. 
So, the growth drivers that we have highlighted are continuing firing, it is just that 
pricing in chemical intermediaries at an overall level makes the results look muted, 
but the growth drivers are performing in line with what we have highlighted earlier. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes, correct. The second question is with respect to Nutrition. So, if I look at FY22 
level, you did almost like Rs.160-odd crore of EBITDA. We have seen good 
improvement this year compared to last year, but still much lower than what we did 
in FY22. So, should one expect that what happened in FY22 was aberration, what 
could be the normalized level of EBITDA compared to what you did in the past? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, FY22, as we all know, Resham, was a peak year for everyone in all chemical 
categories. So, I would not set that as a benchmark. We have always said that in the 
Nutrition business; our steady state EBITDA should be around 16% to 18%. And if 
you look at last quarter or let's say FY25 overall, we are at 14% while last quarter is 
at 16%. So, we are close to where it should be based on the existing set of assets. 
So, I think maybe there is some improvement potential from Rs.101 crore that we 
have announced in FY25, but I do not think at least on current asset it will go back 
to Rs.160 crore.  
Having said that, we have recently commissioned the new plant, which is a high 
margin, high price product, that will add significantly in the in the next three or four 
quarters and we are already seeing a good ramp on the volumes from the new plant. 
#2, even in our animal nutrition portfolio, we are adding new products on the 
premixes side which are high margin products for us. And #3 in the human nutrition 
portfolio, as I have announced in the past, both state molecules like CCBT as well 
as some of the premixes we are working on, should add further to the overall growth 
as well as margin profile of that business. Stepping back, currently, our Nutrition 
business is about Rs.750 crore. As we shared in the Investor Day also in February, 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
we have plans to take the business to 2, 2.5 times in the next five years as part of 
our Pinnacle journey and the EBITDA margin falling close to 16% to 18% in steady 
state. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes, got it. The last question is we saw a very good margin growth this year as a 
whole. So, the EBITDA grew much faster than revenue. And given that you have 
cost saving initiatives, should one expect similar momentum in FY26 as well in terms 
of EBITDA growing faster than revenue? 
Varun Gupta: 
Hi, Resham. So, yes, EBITDA growth will continue in the very similar trajectory. But 
next year, as Deepak mentioned, for us, we are intending to grow aggressively in 
2026. So, EBITDA growth will definitely outpace the growth in revenue predominantly 
because of the portfolio shift as well as the savings initiatives. So, logically it will be 
pacing ahead of growth. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood. All the best for the next year. Thanks. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Resham. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi sir, one more question on the CDMO side. What was our CDMO revenues in 
FY25? And we spoke about 25 new opportunities we are exploring on the CDMO 
side. Can you give some color on what kind of opportunities are those and when we 
will see actually those shaping up? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Siddharth, hello, again. First of all, we, we never disclose the segment wise 
revenues within specialty. So, I would not be able to give you a specific number. But 
what I can tell you is our CDMO business is full and will scale up pretty rapidly on 
the back of the contracts we have signed on the agrochemicals side as well as the 
traction we are getting on the pharma and semi-con side. Now coming back to the 
second part of your question on this 25 plus molecules, as we have shared in the 
past, our CDMO business has three parts – Agro, Pharma and Semiconductor. We 
have sales funnel which we have created along with dedicated team for each of the 
three parts and we are doing aggressive business development in terms of meeting 
the customers in US, Europe and Japanese markets. On the back of these 25 
molecules which we added in FY25 itself. They are at various stages, for instance, 
in pharma, a lot of leads which come, are at Phase-2 Phase-3 level. So, they will 
take time to scale up. But these are high quality molecules and falling in our 
chemistry and that is why customers have confirmed even samples for many of these 
to us. So, we are hoping that as they scale up in the coming quarters and years, the 
pharma side of CDMO business will scale up.  
Similarly, on the agro side, there are two commercial projects which we have already 
announced to the market. So, I would not talk about them. Both are scaled projects 
and will add substantially to our overall revenue as well as margins by end of this 
fiscal year, but there are at least half a dozen other opportunities or molecules where 
customers have shown strong interest, and they are again in various stages of 
discussions with the customers.  
On the semiconductor side, I have shared in the last quarterly call as well as on 
Investor Day presentation that we have close to eight to 10 molecules and for half a 
dozen molecules we have already sent the samples also to the customers. Small 
volumes, small value to start with, but because this is just the start of semiconductor 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
for us, we are hoping on the back of this we will be able to create both capabilities 
as well as credibility with the customers to scale up this business in the coming years. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, just on the semiconductor part, how long does it take from samples to actual 
deliveries, like what is the time for customers to approve a vendor? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, Siddharth, you will appreciate semiconductor chemicals is new to India access 
not just to us. And even the customers who are outsourcing these molecules are 
testing the water. So, they are navigating in a calibrated manner. So, I think they 
have moved within a year, almost six of them moving from just a plain vanilla lead to 
sampling is actually faster than at least what I thought last year around this time. We 
are hopeful that they will move to commercial revenues in the next couple of quarters, 
but the revenue contribution of that could be small to start with because this is how 
the semiconductor space works and anyway as I said customers are also moving in 
a calibrated manner. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. First question again 
is on the CDMO front. So, given that our strong focus incrementally on CDMO with 
the three sub-segments catering to, what are the capabilities that we have developed 
over the last couple of years and where we are differentiating probably from other 
competitors from their offering. So how everything is shaping up from the capabilities 
and the chemistry point of view? Are there any unique chemistry that we are working 
on where probably we will have some kind of advantage? Yes. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Rohit. Yes, definitely I think the customers also keep asking us the same 
question and we have been able to give a credible answer to them, that is why we 
are getting these leads. But while I cannot go into the technicalities and details of 
that, what I can tell you is there are three or four areas where we have invested 
heavily in the last couple of years. Number one is we have a strong R&D team of 
150-plus people and we have hired a bunch of new folks in our new R&D center in 
Greater Noida which we had announced two years back. So, the core R&D capability 
has been beefed up significantly in the last two years and we are still going through 
that process. So, even this year, we will be investing heavily in our R&D to create 
that muscle.  
#2, while we have 30-plus chemistries where in the last four decades we have done 
plenty of work. There are 10 to 12 chemistries which are core to us where we have 
done probably more amount of work than anyone else in India. And in those 
chemistries, the customers always prefer us.  
#3, we have some core product platforms or chemistries like pyridine or diketene or 
many other even acetyl anhydride, etc., Whenever customers have a requirement in 
these chemistries or wherever the KSM is dependent on these chemistries, we are 
the first port of call. So, the two agro chemical contracts we announced couple of 
quarters back are linked to these kind of product platforms where we have the unique 
advantage vis-à-vis anyone else not just in India but in the world.  
And fourthly, even in terms of our BD capabilities and the level of engagement we 
have had with the customers over the last 1.5 years with almost 120 plus customer 
meeting that I myself have done, which I told in last two quarters as well and the 
whole business team as well as the business development teams that we are 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
strengthening as well as scaling up in markets like US, Europe and Japan, we are 
getting very strong traction. The customers believe in our story and they are seeing 
what we are delivering in the projects which have already been awarded to us. So, 
a combination of all these 4-5 things is leading to a very strong flywheel for us, which 
has started to spin and I am very confident that in the coming quarters it will move 
even faster. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks. That is a detailed explanation. The second question is in terms of again 
coming back to Pinnacle 345. In terms of incremental CAPEX to reach that 3X and 
4X revenue and EBITDA expectedly, what is the kind of CAPEX which will be 
required beyond FY26 where you have already spelled out the CAPEX number? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, we gave a directional answer there even in our Investor Day in February. 
Rohit, the short answer is over the next 3-4 years, we'll need at least Rs.600 crore 
to Rs.800 crore of investment every year, to achieve the organic part of that Pinnacle 
345 Vision that we have crafted, which means if you take the four years, anywhere 
between Rs.2,000-2,500 crore of additional investment. Of course this comes with 
the disclaimer that we are making certain assumptions on the pricing of the products 
which now seems to have stabilized, but we will have to see what happens to pricing 
in the coming two or three years. If the pricing stays where it is, with that kind of 
incremental investments, we are hopeful we will cross the Rs.10,000 crore mark 
which we said organically we want to do as part of the Pinnacle journey. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And one last clarification on the cGMP compliance facility. So, have we started 
providing the samples and where are we in terms of the approval process and what 
are the timelines we are looking at for the initial commercial orders to commence 
from this? 
Deepak Jain: 
You are talking about the cGMP, right or the pharma? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, the human and the cosmetic grade products. 
Deepak Jain: 
Oh, human and cosmetic grade?. Okay. That plant just got commissioned in 
January. The total capacity is about 4,500 tons. We are hoping that in the next 18 
months we will be able to get to 70%, 80% utilization levels.  
The plant is ramping up well, has started to stabilize now as well and in the last three 
months itself, we have done significant volume, more than what at least I thought the 
kind of traction we will get, and we are also in discussions with a couple of big 
customers for long contracts and recurring annualized contracts. So, we are quite 
hopeful. And what will help us in that business is whatever is happening in the US 
market because that is one key market for us and we compete against the Chinese 
and with the tariff situation evolving so far at least in favor of India we are quite 
hopeful that we will get a big upside there in the next 12-months, which we will be 
able to capitalize on. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, that is all from my side. Thanks. And all the best. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vidit Shah from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vidit Shah: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question was, you mentioned that we are 
seeing volume recovery in Chemical Intermediates and parts of Specialty Chemicals, 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
but can you guide us as to what we are envisaging for the prices in FY26 and '27 
and how impacted they are and when do we expect the prices to start seeing some 
sort of recovery? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Vidit, the answer will vary significantly by the three segments. If I look at the 
Specialty Chemicals segment, obviously, prices have come down across segments 
as we have been sharing in the last few quarters, but we think they have bottomed 
out now and for the last six months or eight months also the prices by and large 
speaking have been stable. At least based on what we know in terms of the capacity 
situation globally, particularly in China we do not see a big possibility of price coming 
back in a significant manner, but of course there will be some marginal increase 
which can come based on the demand/supply factors depending on which segment 
you are talking about. That is on specialty. So, in a base case scenario we mentioned 
or announced that in investor day also has been worked out based on today's pricing, 
which we hope will remain stable with some upside coming in, in at least some 
segments due to the demand/supply factors.  
On the Nutrition and Health Solutions segment, the feed segment of B3 will remain 
stable. There are some short-term volatilities during the quarter, but if I take long 
term secular trend, it will remain stable, we do not see any big upside or pressure 
there but the new segments that we are getting into like the high grade niacinamide, 
cosmetic grade, food grade and some of the food nutritional products there we see 
price benefit anyway because those are high value segments, but also in those 
segments, given the higher demand, I am hopeful that pricing can go up marginally. 
On the Chemical Intermediates, as I explained to the very first question, we are at 
the bottom of the cycle or very close to that. We are hopeful that pricing will start to 
go up gradually in next quarter or so based on at least whatever we are hearing from 
our customers. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. Thanks for that detailed answer. And the second one was on margins. So, in 
FY26, we are still implementing some cost saving initiatives which you said by the 
end of the year should hopefully be fully through. So, FY27 and beyond, what would 
you expect steady state margins for each of the segments? Nutrition you said is 16% 
to 18%, but if you could help us guide for the other two segments would be great? 
Deepak Jain: 
I think for the Specialty Chemicals with everything we are doing and we have said 
that in the past also 22%-plus margin is visible, hopefully more close to 25% as we 
build out scale and continue to work on our cost initiatives. Nutrition, you already said 
it; 16% to 18%. And Chemical Intermediates. If you take a long-term secular trend 
and we see the data regularly. If I take the last 10-year average EBITDA of my 
Chemical Intermediates business, it will be 10-12%. So, those are the baseline 
assumptions. But of course there are several factors which keep playing every year, 
Vidit. So, just extrapolating it based on that may not be the right thing. But at a 
company level, what we are working towards as we announced in our Pinnacle 345 
strategy also is more than 17%, 18% plus margin across the three segments put 
together. 
Vidit Shah: 
Got it. And just a last one on the semiconductor business and the new products you 
are introducing out there, you said you will be starting in a small way, but what is the 
functionality of the products that you are introducing in this space, would you be able 
to share any of that? 
Deepak Jain: 
On semiconductor, as I mentioned, these are CDMO products. So, these are custom 
synthesis products based on the customer’s requirements. So, we cannot share too 
much about those products. Having said that, we also have our core pyridine 
chemistry where we are the world leader. There is an electronic grade. Pyridine also 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
we are working on that and as and when we are ready with that product we will 
announce to the markets. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much for your responses and all the best. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Sorry, I joined really late. Not sure if this has already been 
taken up. So, just needed one clarification. So, the current year's capitalization is 
only around Rs.200 crore. So, while I think the cash spend was around Rs.400 crore, 
but most of it is in the agro MPP. So, was that just the agro MPP that has been 
commercialized or there any other CAPEX is also? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, the total capitalizations is not Rs.200 crore, it's ahead of Rs.365 crore, that is the 
capitalization. So, this year we have spent north of Rs.350 crore in our CAPEX. And 
second part of it, cash flow. Cash flow is in two forms; one is what we have 
capitalized; and second is the capital advances which sit in the balance sheet. So, 
we are committed to invest in the CAPEX to fund the growth. What was the second 
part? 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
No, just wanted to clarify, whether it was just the agro MPP or was there any other 
commissioning? 
Varun Gupta: 
There is a Niacinamide plant that we have invested in. That was highlighted to start. 
It was commissioned in January. That was a big CAPEX that we have invested in, 
In this year, which was commissioned in FY25. 
Deepak Jain: 
As we announced in the past, I think the big investments have gone into of course 
the agro Intermediate plant which we are going to use for the big CDMO contract. 
We have invested in the Niacinamide plant, the cGMP plant, we have invested in 
boiler, we are investing in other infrastructure to support all the growth initiatives and 
there was some spillover from our GMP and MPP plants which we have invested 
behind, including the diketene plant in FY24. So, those were the four, five big 
investments in FY25. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
All right. Well, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes, hi. Thanks. Just a clarification on the CDMO project. You had indicated last time 
that it will go live by January of '26. Is the timeline still pretty much intact? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, the big one we are hoping to commission the plan by end of this calendar year 
and start the supplies to the customers latest by January, hopefully sooner than that. 
And we had also announced the second one for which the supplies will go starting 
this quarter itself. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. So, in this year you will see the second, but the smaller order being played out 
in FY26, but the full combined impact of both these orders will be played in FY27? 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Deepak Jain: 
That is right. But there will be a significant impact on hopefully in the last quarter 
numbers from the big one even in this year. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Right, sir. Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question, and we conclude the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management 
for their closing comments. 
Varun Gupta: 
So, we thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to answer 
your queries. For further clarifications, I will request you to contact our Investor 
Relations team. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Good evening to all. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
