 
 
 
 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED
 
CORPORATE OFFICE :  
GARWARE HOUSE, 50-A, SWAMI NITYANAND MARG 
VILE PARLE (EAST), MUMBAI – 400 057. 
 
TEL: 0091-22-6698 8000 (15 LINES)  
WEBSITE: www.garwarehitechfilms.com 
 
CIN: L10889MH1957PLC010889 
 
REGD. OFFICE: NAIGAON, P.O. WALUJ,  
CHHATRAPATI SAMBHAJINAGAR – 431 133 (INDIA) 
 
May 19, 2025 
The Compliance Manager
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 500655 
 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Trading Symbol: GRWRHITECH 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Audited Financial 
Results / Business Performance of the Company for the Quarter 
and Year Ended March 31, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, 
held on Thursday, May 15, 2025 on Audited Financial Results / Business 
Performance of the Company for the Quarter and Year Ended March 31, 
2025. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company: https://www.garwarehitechfilms.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
 
 
______________________________ 
Awaneesh Srivastava 
Company Secretary  
FCS 8513 
Encl.: As stated above. 
AWANEESH 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by AWANEESH 
KUMAR SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2025.05.19 16:01:08 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
       
         
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. M. S. ADSUL – DIRECTOR TECHNICAL  
 
MR. DEEPAK JOSHI – DIRECTOR SALES & MARKETING  
 
MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH VERMA – ERNST &YOUNG 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited Q4 & FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Verma from E&Y. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Vikash Verma: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Quarter 4 and FY '25 Earnings Call 
of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to express our 
gratitude to each of you joining the call today. To discuss the performance of the company and 
to answer the questions, we have with us from the company, Mr. M.S. Adsul, Director, 
Technical; Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director of Sales and Marketing; and Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, the 
Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion may 
contain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which will be beyond management's control. We kindly request that you bear in mind 
there may be uncertainties when interpreting such statements. 
 
We will now start the session with opening remarks from the management team. Afterwards, 
we will open the floor for an interactive Q&A session. I would now like to invite Mr. Deepak 
Joshi to make his opening remarks. Over to you, Mr. Deepak. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you, Vikash. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss the 
financial and operational performance of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited for the quarter ended 
and full year ended March 31, 2025. Let me begin by sharing a brief overview of our financial 
achievements.  
                                                     We are proud to announce yet another record-breaking year for GHFL. In FY '25, our annual 
revenue crossed the landmark of INR 2,000 crores. We achieved the highest ever revenue of 
INR 2,109 crores, making a 25.8% growth year-on-year and a record high PAT of INR 331.2 
crores. This performance reflects our relentless focus on growth, innovation and creating value 
for stakeholders. This success was driven by the strong growth in Sun Control Window films 
and Paint Protection Films supported by stable performance in our Industrial Product division.  
 
Let me take you through our Sun control Window Film division. This division recorded an 
impressive 37.6% growth for full year, driven by expanding market reach and new product 
introductions. This performance was further strengthened by well-developed market network, 
our entry into new geographies and the successful launch of innovative products such as 
automotive rooftop series, Spectra Pro, DecoVista and many other value-added products in the 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
architectural segments. We remain focused on leveraging these opportunities to drive future 
growth across both domestic and international markets.  
 
We have further enhanced our global presence by actively participating in exhibitions, 
distributor conferences and strengthening our digital marketing efforts. In addition, we have 
increased our penetration in Middle East, Europe and East Africa which is opening doors to 
significant growth opportunities. To drive growth in the Architectural segment, we have 
established a dedicated business unit with specialized teams across key regions. 
 
Furthermore, we are planning to introduce Garware Home Solutions, a one-stop solution for 
all film requirements for residential spaces. While this initiative is currently in its early stages, 
we plan to scale it up to full capacity in the near future. Looking ahead, we expect continued 
strong demand globally for both automotive and architectural films. 
 
Let me continue with the paint protection film. It continues to deliver consistent results, 
operating at optimal capacity. In FY '25, the PPF business achieved 25% revenue growth year-
on-year, supported by increasing demand both from international and domestic markets. I'm 
happy to share that we launched our colored paint protection films last quarter, which has 
already received encouraging traction from customers and are poised for even stronger growth 
going forward. 
 
We see strong potential in our newly launched products particularly colored PPF, headlight and 
taillight PPF and the broader PPF range as they continue to gain market acceptance. We are 
also pleased to report that the work on the second PPF line is progressing well and remains on 
track for completion by Q2 FY '26. 
 
Last quarter, we had also announced an investment of INR 118 crores for the first of its kind 
TPU extrusion line at our Waluj plant. This facility with a capacity of 360 lakh square feet per 
annum is expected to commence production by October 2026. These investments will further 
enhance our product portfolio which now includes colored PPF, PPF plus, premium, titanium, 
matte, black and white variants allowing us to serve a wide range of customers across different 
market segments. 
 
We continue to actively invest in research and development to explore new product 
opportunities and strengthen our offerings. With these capacity expansions and product 
innovations, we are confident of sustaining the growth momentum in our PPF segment. 
 
Let me talk about Industrial Products division. The IPD division delivered a stable performance 
and has recorded a 15.1% increase year-on-year. The shrink film segment contributed 
meaningfully, driven by steady demand in specialty applications. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
We are continuously innovating -- and as mentioned last quarter, we received a patent for 
floatable shrink film, reflecting our focus on sustainability and technical advancement. This 
performance helped us offset softness in commodity packaging films. We remain committed 
to improving this segment through product innovation and operational efficiency. 
 
We have a strong global distribution network and established sales channel resulting in 
significant growth in Europe, Middle East, and Central and South America. U.S.A. is one of the 
major export markets, and we are closely monitoring the evolving tariff landscape under U.S. 
trade policies. 
 
However, we remain confident of growth across all geographies with our value-added 
differentiated products which have been recognized as the best-in-class. We leverage our 
state-of-the-art nano dispersion and other cutting-edge technologies to maintain our market 
leadership worldwide.  
 
With this, I now request Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, our CFO, to take us through the highlights of 
the financial performance. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thank you, Deepak. Good morning all. I'm delighted to report that this year marks the first ever 
highest revenue and profit after tax along with strong operational performance. For the full 
year FY '25, our revenue crossed INR 2,000 crores milestone and stood at INR 2,109 crores 
reflecting a 25.8% increase over INR 1,677 crores in FY '24. 
 
This is in line with the guidance provided in the previous quarters. Our net PAT reached INR 
331 crores, which is again the highest ever profitability as compared to INR 203 crores which 
we did in the previous year. This strong financial performance was driven by sustained growth 
momentum across our PPF, Sun control and IPD business divisions. 
 
For the full year, EBITDA stood at INR 495.5 crores, up by 54.3% year-on-year basis. Our yearly 
PAT stood at historical high of INR 331 crores. This is up by 62.9% year-on-year.  
                                                     For the quarter, the revenue stood at INR 548 crores, recording a sharp increase of 22.7% year-
on-year, which was backed by strong business performance across all the business segments. 
For the quarter, EBITDA stood at INR 121 crores, up by 35% year-on-year and the PAT stood at 
INR 77.8 crores, which was a growth of 34.6% year-on-year.  
                                                     Approximately 77% of our revenues in FY '25 came from export and around 87% came from 
value-added films. This positions us for superior growth within the industry. 
 
I'm pleased to report that beyond our impressive quarterly growth, we have maintained an 
exceptionally strong financial position. Our balance sheet was zero net debt and a healthy cash 
reserve of INR 650 crores. The robust financial standing allows us to confidently invest in future 
growth opportunities.  

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
 
Furthermore, we have witnessed a significant improvement in the key financial metrics. This 
year, we achieved an ROCE of 27.2% and ROE of 20.6%, excluding the revaluation reserve. This 
figure demonstrates our efficient utilization of funds generated by our business operations. 
 
Additionally, we have also managed our working capital efficiently and have kept our collection 
days at just 7 days. This reflects our ongoing commitment to operational excellence and 
efficient cash flow management.  
 
In conclusion, at Garware Hi-Tech Films, we are committed to offering value-added products, 
the customer-centric approach and a strong product line, which has driven our PAT above INR 
300 crores for the year, for the very first time. We remain confident in continuing this growth 
momentum and dedicated to delivering value to our stakeholders. 
 
With this, I'd like to thank you for your continued support, and we can now open the floor for 
questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Mahesh from LIC Mutual Funds. 
Mahesh: 
Sir, you mentioned that there are two expansion plans are coming up this year and next year. 
So based on this and market outlook, what kind of growth we are anticipating for FY '26 and 
27? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. Thank you, Mahesh. So as the guidance given for FY '26, INR 2,500 crores of revenue, we 
are confident to achieve for FY '26. And for FY '27, we expect a growth of 20% to 25% of CAGR. 
Of course, this is backed by the expansion, which is starting from Q2 this year. To be precise, 
September 2025, the second PPF line is starting and this is on track. Everything is going well. In 
fact, we can start a little early also. 
 
So the expansion is on track. And regarding the second expansion of second capex of TPU, 
which is expected to start in October 2026. This will be mainly for the margin improvement. 
There will be some revenue out of it, but mostly the margins -- I mean, operating margins will 
improve because this will be a full backward integration for our PPF line backed by, I mean, 
strong R&D and new product developments, which the TPU line will help us for that. 
Mahesh: 
And sir, for FY '25, we reported around 21% kind of margins, slightly lower than that. So over 
the next 2 years, given this kind of growth of 20% CAGR, what kind of margins we are looking 
for next 2 years? 
Deepak Joshi: 
On margins, we expect to remain like in the range of 23%. I mean, like we gave the guidance of 
25% plus/minus 3%. This up and down depending on the seasonality will happen, but we are 
confident to achieve between 22% to 25% without any issue. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Mahesh: 
And sir, I think 77% of revenue comes from the export side. So I think we have exposure to U.S. 
also. So in terms of geography diversification, any steps we are taking to reduce our 
dependence on any particular country or any particular geography? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, we are spread all across. And of course, one of the major market or major market is U.S.A. 
So there are 2 things. One, the current challenges of tariff, which is 10% additional has been 
implemented. So with this, we don't see much of the -- I mean, challenges on that because this 
is somehow we have managed and it has been, I mean, taken care of. So with this, we don't 
see like a major challenge in achieving our top line and bottom line. 
 
But we have strongly, like I said in my opening remarks that the efforts in key geographies other 
than U.S.A. are growing very fast. We have added new resources in Europe market. which is 
growing very fast for us. 
 
And then Middle East is one of the area which is growing very fast, where architectural segment 
and automotive segment are important, and we expect to grow very high on these markets 
like growth -- more than 50% growth in these markets because we have added new teams 
there, and we are targeting the customer base of our peers, and we have been successful in 
doing so. 
 
So Europe with new team there, additional team there, with Middle East, new team there and 
East Africa. So everywhere, we are putting a lot of efforts, adding new manpower, and that is 
giving us good results. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Kanodia from Monarch Networth. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Congrats on the great set of numbers. Sir, I had one follow-up question. So you mentioned 
about the TP capacity that is coming in by Q2 of FY '27. So what kind of margin improvement 
can we see from that capacity? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So you are talking of TPU, right? 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Yes. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So we expect 1.5% to 2% betterment in the margins. I mean this is a rough estimate, but 
1.5% to 2% percentage margin on company level. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Sir, the next question is on the U.S. side. So after this -- the 90-day period ends in July. So what 
sort of strategic call are we taking? Are we looking at having some capacity in the U.S. or maybe 
something else, if you can throw some light on the U.S. business as it contributes around 50% 
of your top line? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. On U.S.A., like I said, we expect like -- I mean, we cannot comment on the trade discussions 
going on, but we understand from the media that, that is going on well. But in the worst-case 
scenario as well, we have plans where we are working with some of the -- I mean, players in 
U.S.A. to counter the impact if there is any. right? 
 
And as I said, other geographies like next to that, it's South America, then Middle East, then 
Europe and Africa. And we are expecting a very strong growth there this year, and we added 
manpower in those geographies, right? And there are many products which is exported to 
U.S.A., but then it goes to different geographies. And we have plans to do that directly from 
India.  
 
So all those strategies are there. I mean, please be assured that we are doing every bit to have 
that kind of -- we have a plan of whatever -- if it is worse scenario, we have planned for that as 
well. Otherwise, we expect things to remain better for us, because if you talk of these kind of 
tariffs, so like, for example, there is a country, South Korea has had 0 tariff to U.S. 
 
Now they are 10%. Similarly, India has 10% addition. Similarly, China, it was so unpredictable 
that it went -- now still it is between 30% to 35%. So if you really see the U.S. manufacturer, 
they import, we have studied well that their -- I mean, components or something -- some of 
the component has got some kind of origin, which is related, which is not in U.S.A., right? So 
all those factors are keeping the cost of each manufacturer to go too high to some extent.  
 
And we being fully vertically integrated, backward integrated where we manufacture 
everything, we have a big advantage of cost where we can further go down and compete in 
those markets. So we have like multiple-pronged strategy in terms of what our peers, 
competitors are doing, which countries, what kind of tariffs are there and what product line 
we can push more. And last and the strongest point that we are fully integrated. So we have 
much more leverage, which will come into play whenever such situation arises. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Sir, two follow-up questions on that. So number one, are we planning to have any 
manufacturing capacity in the U.S.? That's number one. And number two, like from the industry 
point of view, other than India, which geographical regions like would be supplying to U.S., the 
PPF and the SCF? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay. On the first one, we are working, but I can't divulge as of now. We had meetings during 
our recent visit to U.S.A. So these deals are under discussion and under NDA. So I mean, we 
cannot comment at this moment, which may happen, may not happen. So that is point number 
one. Point two, you said -- sorry, I didn't get the second question. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
So apart from India, which geographies would be supplying the PPF and the SCF in U.S., like for 
in U.S. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So only 2 countries are very strong other than India. So that is China and Korea. And both 
have been like there is a tariff implication from the earlier level. So there has been an increase 
of 10% from the past levels on both the countries. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. And China and Korea would be more on the economic range or the premium range? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I can say with our strong product portfolio and Nano technology and everything, our 
product comes into a very superior range, Global brand, right? And if we talk of these players 
from China and Korea, they are to the lower end. They do not supply the kind of quality which 
we supply to U.S. market. 
 
So the market still remains in favor of our products because they are very high-quality products, 
and they come with a lot of advantage and the age -- I mean, aging of these products is kind of 
lifetime, 10 years to lifetime. So our products are very superior as compared to the peers in 
China and Korea. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay, sir. And sir, if I may squeeze in, I have one more last question. So that is like one of your 
competitors has also announced PPF and SCF capacity in the market. So how do you see that? 
And what sort of right to win do we carry when we compare both the companies? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So there are more than 50 producers in China and Korea who produce the products 
through chip dyed and glue dyed method, right? And whereas our products are deep dyed 
products. So the basic difference between us and them is very big. 
 
And since there are 50 companies, if there is a 51st comes into India or any part of the world, 
so there is a big -- I mean, I would say, kind of difference in the quality. So we do not see any 
challenge because, as I said, I mean, 50 to 60, if they are not able to -- I mean, I would say the 
segment is very different, what we are talking to them in Sun Control.  
 
On PPF, as I said, we have a big advantage of like we have been there now since last 5 years. 
And we have our own components other than TPU. And TPU is also being planned as a strategic 
benefit to the company. So we are much, much ahead than anyone who wishes to enter into 
this market. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Because this one is a domestic player with specialization in BOPP and they have 
announced the premium range into PPF and SCF. So you don't foresee any challenge or change 
in the market dynamics, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, we do not see. As I said, the product quality is very different and the segments which we 
play and they might be playing is very different. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Ampersand Capital. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Ashish Kumar: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is on your product portfolio. So how 
would you compare your product portfolio compared to the competition in the market? Like 
are we the innovators in the market who are bringing new products to the market? Or are we 
like trying to fill up the gaps that we have in our portfolio? 
 
And how do you see it going forward? And second question also is on the new product launches 
that we have done this quarter as well as what we plan ahead. How do you see these particular 
products like in terms of growth and margin going forward? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So I mean, to answer the first question, if you go back like before this CapEx expansion started 
prior to 2020, I would say, I mean, Garware was primarily, I mean, catering to the market, which 
was automotive driven. That means we were very well known in India and rest of the world 
and U.S. market as an automotive supplier for cars and mostly into, I would say, automotive 
segment, right? 
 
So -- and we had a very strong name into that. With the introduction of new product line like 
PPF, which is primarily driven into automotive and then the architectural segment of sun 
control film, which has started after the commissioning of new lamination line, right? So we 
are now -- I mean, we have, first of all, we have completed the product portfolio, which we 
were missing in the architectural segment. 
 
I mean we had like if there are 5 main product lines supplied by the biggest peer in India from 
U.S.A. So we have completed the full product line, right? We made a full team for architectural 
products. We developed all the product lines which were required for that. With this, we have 
now surpassed the biggest seller into India from -- I mean, the multinational company, which 
is #1 in architectural segment in India. 
 
So by volume we have become #1 in India market by surpassing them. And this has happened 
because of new team, new product introductions, right? So we have the complete set. But 
there is now the company's vision from current product portfolio to a next line is to become a 
solution provider rather than a film supplier, right? So these things is basically comes into 
architectural segment, where you need to give the full solution to the building where the glass 
is handled with all the applications and with your film.  
 
In that line, we have announced Garware Home Solutions, especially for the residential 
segment, where we'll be catering all the requirements of the metros to start with, and then go 
to wherever possible. So if you talk of our company's positioning, first, we completed the 
product line, then we entered into the new products, which are not available with any of the 
multinationals, right? And now third, we are going into the territory where we will be a solution 
provider for the industry. So our growth from B2B to B2C now direct to customers, that's what 
we are planning going ahead. So we have now complete product portfolio. And we are going 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
to the product portfolio, which is not even there, not only in India, for the U.S. market, we are 
doing all those products. 
Ashish Kumar: 
My second question was like you have answered it partly with respect to overall growth and 
margins. But the new products, are they more in the premium category? So, should we expect 
like higher margins from them? That's what I wanted to know. 
Deepak Joshi: 
So first of all, if you see overall company's margins, so I mean, again, I will go like 5 years back, 
where our industrial product was 65% of revenues and consumer product of 35% only, right? 
As we speak, we are around 65% to 70%, rather 70% on consumer product division, and only 
30% on industrial product, right? So going forward, again, there is a big expansion, which is 
September coming for PPF. 
 
This will lead towards 80% of the consumer products, only 20% for the industrial products. So, 
margins are anyways we are expecting to go better. I will not go into each product portfolio in 
consumer products, but you can imagine like a big shift towards from like 35% to now 70%, 
75% in consumer products is anyways in margin-driven thing, which we have seen like we show 
in the slide, we were like 9% of EBITDA margin. Now we are at the level of 23%, 24%. So this is 
happening on a broad level. In the product lines, whatever we are adding now, they all are 
high-margin products. So I mean, we will continuously get into more high-driven solution-
providing products. And the TPU line, which will add next year, October '26, will also add to 
margins. So addition, everything from here or has been in the last 4, 5 years on the products 
which are high margin and niche products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saransh Gupta from SVAN Investments. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Sir, I just wanted to know that how much does U.S. and other regions devote to our revenue, 
if you can give us a ballpark number? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Can you just... Just a second. It is in the presentation, but I'll just explain that as well, right? So 
yes, so in last financial year, 48.5% came from North America, 1.1% from South America, 10.5% 
from Europe, 3% from Middle East, 1.3% from Africa, 23% from India and Far East and rest of 
Asia, 12.3%; and Australia, New Zealand, 0.2% right? So this is broad. So we are present 
everywhere, with like North America being 48%. But this year, we are expecting to grow in 
Europe, Middle East, Africa, India. 
 
Most of the geographies, our growth will be because we have seen that trend in last 6 months, 
where we have added new manpower, added new products as well, new and innovative 
products in this season, because our product line is different from different geographies. Every 
geography has a different kind of requirement depending on the temperatures and climate 
conditions. So we are focusing more towards other geographies, and we expect to give good 
results in other than U.S. market as well. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Saransh Gupta: 
And sir, one more thing that, as this tariff war we can see, so can we see a demand impact 
happening to U.S. or some other regions? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Some other reason, definitely, demand will grow because we are growing with that. See, the 
only fact which I can see now this U.S.A., China thing has come to some conclusion. So 
otherwise, many economists were expecting a kind of recessionary trends into the world. But 
with this thing happening, I think that challenge will go away, right? So in that scenario, we saw 
a good growth in Q1 in America.  
 
Q1 means Jan to March in calendar year in U.S. market in the auto numbers, right? So we 
expect that to grow. And with like a minimal tariff of 10% additional to India, it is similar to all 
other countries like, as I said, South Korea and China being the other 2. So we don't see much 
of the challenge because many U.S. producers are also using components from other countries. 
So there is impact to everyone, but that will be easily passed on. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Sir, just one last thing. As you said that the TPU expansion will help us increase our margin by 
150 to 200 bps. So, from the current facility, do we have any operational leverage that can have 
an impact on the margin? 
Deepak Joshi: 
You mean other than TPU plant, do we have advantages on the cost? 
Saransh Gupta: 
Yes sir 
Deepak Joshi: 
So as we said, there are components and PPF, which we started manufacturing since 2020. But 
I mean, it takes time. So, 1, 1.5 years to put one component into that. So as we speak, we are 
almost done with all other components other than TPU. So that benefit of the cost is slowly 
and slowly coming into the PPF. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Carnelian Capital. 
Viraj: 
So a lot of questions have been asked about the export market, but just something about the 
domestic market where you've been investing on the Garware application studios. So, if you 
could just elaborate how the Indian market has done in terms of our CPD and IPD division for 
the year? And how is our investment in opening more and more studios panning out for us? If 
you can give a bit more elaborate on our strategy for the Indian market going for FY '26 as well? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So I mean, I'm really happy once again to share that the domestic market has been like last 
year, it has grown almost 50% revenues in the domestic market, put together for automotive 
and architectural and which includes window films and PPF as well. So that has been a 
phenomenal growth in the domestic market, given we have set a very high benchmark for 
ourselves in automotive industry. Right? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
 
So I mean, this has been a growth for last year. And going forward, in FY '26, we expect another 
30%, 40% growth overall for the domestic market. And this is actually driven by the strong 
brand presence of Garware. So that is a very strong point. Then the digital media campaigns, 
then the FM campaigns and all other growth drivers. 
 
And one of them, the biggest one is the Garware Application Studio, which is close to 200 as 
we speak. So you can just imagine like, I mean, every Garware application studio doing some 
PPF business and some safety -- sorry, some sun control business, it multiplies by -- some 
multiplies by 200.  
 
So that's the strength of the penetration all across India. And we are proudly saying that even 
the small villages of Jammu and the interiors of Lucknow, I mean, in UP, Gorakhpur, Lucknow 
in MP, Chhattisgarh, Raipur. And all those, I'm talking just giving example of smaller cities 
where this presence is there. 
 
So that means our presence in India is kind of every nook and corner. I mean even  -- one of 
the growth areas has been the Northeast for us, like the Seven Sisters has also grown to this 
growth has contributed to this growth. This makes us really happy that we are not only growing 
in the metros, but also growing on the small, small cities of India. 
 
So what is helping us, we have like many social media influencers who back us, then digital 
campaign has been very strong. Name brand itself was strong. But on top of that, the activities 
which we do all across India and number of gases has been continuously growing. And lastly, 
the campaign of training people, it's still going on. Now we have 1,000 trained PPF applicators 
and window film applicators in India, and that number grows. And we proudly say that they 
are our brand ambassador across India. See, anybody wants to put a film on their car. So they 
have been framed by Garware say that is their loyalty that they propose Garware. So the plan, 
again, is like the growth has been around 50% last year to domestic market, and it continues 
to grow 30%, 40% for the next year as well. I hope I answered your question, Mr. Viraj. 
Viraj: 
Yes, sir. Just a follow-up. Do we give some kind of data point as to how many cars on which we 
applied PPF maybe in '23 and '24 and '25 from our Garware application studios and how that 
number has been growing? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, on PPF, the growth has been roughly 25% as a whole in the company and similar in the 
domestic market as well, right? So I mean, as I bifurcated as well, that growth in PPF has been 
around 25% and growth in sun control window films has been around 50% to -- rather 60% 
growth has happened in the sun control films on automotive last year and almost 90% has 
grown on the architectural segment. So I bifurcated all 3 segments for you in India. 25% for 
PPF, 60% for automotive window films and around 90% for architectural window. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Viraj: 
And just the last question before I get in queue. Sir, I saw that we launched a headlight and a 
taillight protection film also this year for the automotive segment. I wanted to understand for 
the differentiating factor, I've been using PPF on my own car, at least there, the film which 
covers my normal car body, the applicator applied the same thing for my headlight and my 
taillight. So is this something different compared to what the normal overall PPF is being done, 
if you can throw some light on the product? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I will request Mr. Adsul to explain that. It's very different. 
M. S. Adsul: 
Yes. But these are two different films. So for headlight and taillight, it is light colored film. So 
the basic reason for applying is to protect the acrylic or polycarbonate body from yellowing. 
And so it has to block some visible light as well as total UV light. So these are 2 different things. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. I mean, from Garware, the name itself says a strong -- the brand where whatever we say, 
if we are launching a headlight and taillight, it means it's a different product. Otherwise, we 
would have just gone by that. And this headlight taillight, not only in India, and we are seeing 
a very strong demand from Middle East and USA, where people are, I mean, understanding it's 
a benefit. 
 
It gives a great aesthetic and a protection because whenever a car runs very fast in Middle East 
and U.S. market in U.S. geography, then stone chip and all those things are quite fast at a very 
high speed, which normally damages the outer of the headlight and taillight. And this film 
protects that with that and at the same time, giving a very good aesthetic look to the car. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Most of the questions are answered. I have only one question on the Slide #11, where we have 
launched the portal for U.S. market, B2C. So my question is what is the size of opportunity for 
us? And can you paint the picture for 2 to 3 years the revenue potential for Garware Hi-Tech 
on that initiative? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, PPF being like expensive product, and it's a very high-class expensive product. And 
when we make the quality becomes supreme. So when the distribution network goes to like 
distributor and then to dealer and dealer to final consumer, so being that value-added, it's very 
difficult. 
 
Everybody keeps a stock with a high value then adds margin. So to overcome this situation, we 
have launched our e-commerce platform where even the pricing are fixed. It's like any of a big 
portal where you go there and you just put the -- I mean, quantity of PPF, then price will come, 
you pay online and the rolls are delivered to the customer directly.  
 
So this D2C model has like just implemented 3 months back. But we are getting very good 
response of that, where -- I mean, as compared to what we were doing in the past. And this is 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
in line with the culture of DIY in USA though it is not 100% DIY. I mean their applicators is 
definitely required. 
 
But what happens is people take advantage of the brand Global and they directly order from 
the portal. So this cuts down the requirement of the distributor, dealer and all and gives us 
good margin to the company. As this is in a very nascent stages, we launched in 2, 3 months 
back. And now we are seeing good movement in that. 
 
If you talk of a year from now, see, the growth of the company, like we said, we have been 
growing like for a CAGR of 20% to 25%. So all growth because we count, we have picked up on 
a specialty segment, all the products being special, and the growth has been phenomenal over 
the years. So all those growth like, this PPF from the U.S.A. market, architectural cement, 
Garware Home Solutions, everything put together, we expect INR 2,500 crores revenue 
guideline to achieve INR 2,500 crores guideline in FY '25.  
 
And similar way, similar FY'26, sorry, and similar way, this growth momentum will continue 
with all those efforts. If I tell you separately how much it is growing, I can say that the growth 
we are expecting to be very strong. But numbers as of now, I can't give, but the margins and 
the numbers growth is going to be really good on that. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay. And sir, with your revenue guidance, so how much capex we will be doing for '26, '27 to 
achieve our revenue target. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So with these current things, INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores revenue growth guidelines 
this year and next year. So this will be helped by the new PPF, which is coming in October, 
September 25. And another one we have already done for this thing of TPU, which will come 
on October 26. And beyond that, we are now looking into the impact. 
 
We are now looking into -- not impact. I mean, we are now looking into the headroom available 
for us. Like I'll just explain to you in another way that this year, I mean, FY '25, utilized 133% of 
PPF, right, and around 70% of the new lamination line, right.  
 
So when the new PPF line comes, so there will be a 70% headroom available for that line, which 
we will fill in 1 or 2 years, right? Then there will be some headroom available for window films 
because PPF goes to the PPF line because of the fungibility. So now ultimately, what will happen 
that October, November, December, there will be another cycle of understanding internal 
meetings for the growth drivers, and then we'll decide on that. But we will maintain this CAGR 
growth of top line 20% to 25%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest Advisors. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Can you share the revaluation reserve figure? That's the first question. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sorry? 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Revaluation reserve. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay. Mr. Agrawal, our CFO, will answer the question. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Yes. So revaluation reserve is about INR 764 crores.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. And the second question is, what is the peak revenue at the optimal capacity after the 
second line goes live? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So after the second, as we said, that will add around INR 400 crores of revenue, but that will 
be step-wise. So we can say, like the 33% additional which we made this year from a fungible 
line of Sun Control that will now be produced after September, will be produced on the PPF 
line. So overall, the revenue will go to INR 450 crores, estimated, but that will be stepwise. 
That's why, again, I'm maintaining that there will be, I mean, the growth drivers will be like PPF 
additional volume, then architectural business in India and the U.S.A., additional business from 
the Middle East and Europe, right, and additional business from the D2C market of PPL.  
 
So put together, we are targeting INR2,500 crores this year, the FY '26 and another similar kind 
of growth for FY '27. So this all will be like 5 different buckets will add to this. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
So that's the peak revenue potential from the existing capacity after the second phase also, 
right? That's what you are saying. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Second phase, I think we can reach around INR 3,000 crores. That's with full utilization of the 
window film line, I mean, the lamination line and the second PPF line. So if we add, that will be 
INR 3,000 crores. And then with the TPU plant coming in, we have plans for diversified new 
product lines, which we are working on. We have like 4, 5 options, and we will zero in for 1 or 
2 options, which will be like see, we did not just go for TPU line to be a backward integration 
for TPU, but there was more. I mean, we wanted to diversify into the architectural and 
automotive segments beyond sun control and PPF. 
 
We are looking into new product lines from TPU, which might go into a little bit to medical, a 
little bit to automotive and a little bit to the architectural segment, where the requirement will 
go for other glass applications. So this is like a broad thing which I explained right now. But 
behind this, we are working, we are zeroing in on which product line we will go in FY'27 and 
FY'28. But definitely, our aim is to diversify in the businesses to sustain this growth momentum, 
not for 1 or 2 years, but for the coming 5 years. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. What's the amount spent on the second line PPF? 
Deepak Joshi: 
PPF, it was INR 130 crores. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. Sir, on the new PPF line, which is coming in, in 
October of this financial year, have we tied up with any of our existing or have we added new 
customers for like licensing them some capacity? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, any such agreements are under a strong nondisclosure agreement, right? So I cannot 
comment on that. But we have put the line with some kind of forecast and agreements, 
something we have done. So, like one simple thing is FY '25, we ran the line, I mean, we had a 
production of 133% of the capacity. So that was 33% more than the line can produce. 
 
So we manufactured that with the existing capacity of window films, right, with the fungibility, 
right? So going forward, you can straight away think that with the natural growth, we are 50% 
already utilized on that line, right? Then we have like our plans and agreements, and MOUs, 
which will definitely be part of this thing. But we cannot, I mean, disclose the details of any of 
them. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, sir. Have we added any large customers on the PPF and sun control side? Post all this 
tariff discussion started because what we understand is the PPF being sold in the U.S. is largely 
imported from players like us, Chinese, as well as Korean players. So, have we added any new 
clients on the PPF and sun control film side, which can become big for us? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So we have, in fact, we had like 5 new distributors who were selling the products from big 
companies. They were mainly doing business with China and Korea, right? So that discussion is 
still going on and 1 or 2 of them has already been converted and rest are being worked out. So 
we are working on that. And yes, we have converted a couple of them and more will follow 
because our efforts in U.S.A. market, like I said, we have set up a dedicated team there in U.S. 
market, right? And the product portfolio has also been increased. So with this, we expect more 
customers to come to us as compared to the previous years. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Any large OEM which has approved this, let's say, some of competitors for which we can do 
white labeling? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I'll tell you, yes, through white labeling, our couple of customers are directly tied up with OEMs, 
right? But if you talk of direct, direct was not possible before this year because it needs a lot of 
like B2C, we just started. So our model was to sell to white box and to distributors, right? 
 
So serving OEM requires your capabilities, having applicators, your capability having supplying 
the product from that particular location. So this -- our model was like distributor and white 
box driven. So our white box distributors are definitely having not one, many of the OEMs, 
which are like the new age companies and one of the largest companies as well, right. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
 
So for us, this will start from now. We'll try to add OEMs. But since we're already supplying to 
white box and distributors who are doing really, really good, and they are continuously 
expanding. We only added that's why D2C, which helps each and every customer to take 
advantage of global brand. The rest, everything is going on track and the growth is also shown 
to be good one. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish from InvesQ PMS. 
Ashish: 
Yes. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Initially, I should congratulate the entire team of 
your company for the transition that we have seen in the last 4, 5 years. It's been kind of 
phenomenal actually. So congrats on that. On the question, sir, given this tariff, so 3M probably 
would be the biggest company in your domain and you're a competitor to them. 
 
So taking that as an example because the entire objective of these tariffs is to bring 
manufacturing as much as possible inside the U.S. and your competitors would be in the U.S. 
corporations also. So in that scenario, though tariffs right now, I mean, 10% is the number. 
 
How do we -- I mean, how do we live in that environment is my question because it will be 
detrimental to our interest if we have to pay those duties and those producing in America won't 
be needed to. So any perspective on this would be helpful. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sure, sure. So as I explained, just think of a scenario where 10% duty to India. But at the same 
time, South Korea also added 10%, Europe has also been added 10% and China has been 35%. 
Of course, they were high initially, but still there is a 10% addition to that. So in that scenario, 
we as a company, I mean, as a country is one thing but as a company, we have a lot of 
advantages of backward integration, cost controls and quality commitments, right. 
 
So in our situation, we are well positioned at this particular scenario to continue the growth 
momentum in U.S. market, right? In fact, we are trying hard to get more of the share from 
others, right, because the trade scenario still remains uncertain, right? So now with this one 
jerk of 1 month and 10 days, right, there has been many uncertainties towards the supply chain 
like what will happen to future, right, for other countries. 
 
For us, it has been stable. So with this pitch, it's like a very strong sales pitch what we do and a 
strong marketing campaign, which we have now elevated. And our marketing pitch has been 
gone to a very different level now. And with the introduction of e-commerce and all, we are 
being viewed as a company which is continuously transforming itself from the days when we 
were like a superior quality manufacturer, but now being viewed as a superior quality 
manufacturer plus a dynamic company in terms of marketing and all. 
 
So the real thing is we are bringing this benefit to each and every customer to be it like a direct 
customer or big dealers and distributors. We are very popular on that. So we are taking 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
advantage of the situation. As I said, competitive advantage is still at a strong position. So we 
do not see as of now any change in that situation. 
Ashish: 
Sir, as of now, there's no change. But hypothetically, if this duty were to go to, say, for example, 
30%, so would we be any way be willing to put facilities in U.S.? And would that be a profitable 
proposition? Because this is very uncertain right now. And as I said, the objective of the 
government of U.S. seems to be to bridge their trade deficit and to bring manufacturing within 
U.S. So I mean, isn't it a risk to our entire proposition now? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I got your question. We have a team working in U.S.A. and here and rest of the world. So we 
have evaluated the situation. But to be very honest, anybody like just go there and put the 
plant. I mean, we have like many options, buy the companies, do joint ventures with someone. 
We are evaluating everything. 
 
But let me tell you one thing. that there is hardly any manpower available in the U.S. People 
can say anything. They will make garment, they will make this. But on the ground, right, to find 
people run the facility, our estimate says the current cost, which we have will go like 30%, 40% 
up in manufacturing, right, against the tariff of total 26%, which is 10% or worst scenario, it 
may another 16%. 
 
Still, the advantages which the company has in the backward integration and like quality 
proposition with more things to come, we are at a very strong position, right? Because we are 
-- if you talk of any company, I will not name anywhere in the world, they buy, for example, 
let's talk of a sun control. They buy base film from some place, then they buy adhesive from 
some place, they get top coat or they get it done at some factory and then bring the material 
back, right? 
 
Then they do many operations here and there, whereas you think of our company as a 
company which buys petrochemicals, make their own resins, then make their own film, then 
adds make their own adhesive, top coat, nano dispersion on top of this, then all the operations 
are at one location. 
 
So we -- our advantages at this position are really, really strong as compared to any such 
situation. Having said that, we are continuously talking like in recent visit also, we have 
evaluated, met many customers and peers who are willing to coordinate, participate with us. 
We are in discussion with them. I mean that is, again, very confidential in nature that we are 
doing all the things, and that may evolve in something, like some kind of cooperation. 
 
And one of the thing is that some of the products or 20%, 30% of the product, which we supply 
to U.S.A., they reexport it from there. So these opportunities are also we are evaluating that 
we do not -- I mean, this duty does not affect on those situations. So many such propositions 
have been worked out for the extreme thing, and it has already been actioned, I would say. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
Ashish: 
So I'm assuming that 3M also would be importing or getting it made from maybe China or 
somewhere, right? I mean mostly U.S.-based companies also would be doing that, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. I will not comment on any particular company, right? But there are, you can assume or 
you can say there are lots of companies, even the companies which people in U.S. assume that 
this is 100% American. Actually, he is doing the final thing in America, but key backward 
integrated things, they are getting it done from other countries, right? So it is 100% true what 
you are assuming. I would not like to comment any particular company, but there are many, 
many companies which we don't even believe that they do these kind of thing, but they are 
doing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Aequitas Investments. 
Aditya: 
Most of my question is answered. Sir, just on the geographical area, India recently, we signed 
trade agreement with U.K. So do we see any expansion on those side? Are we hiring another 
team resource? Are we going aggressive towards that geography? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So in U.K., we already have our subsidiary. We have office and we have salespeople there, 
right? And -- but what we added rather, we added in the European territory more to increase 
our penetration in European region, right? So with the -- I mean, this trade pact, we are just 
seeing if there is any duty or taxation benefit to us, which is being evaluated. 
 
But to be precise, U.K. is the kind of size revenues we are doing and the kind of PBT of INR 445 
crores, what we are doing, that the sale and the total potential of that market is not that great. 
But let me tell you once again that to grow from here, we are doing many bucket additions. 
That's what we said, B2C in America, maybe a little bit from this trade in U.K., then a lot of 
additions in Middle East and Europe and then architectural sales in U.S.A. and India. 
 
So put together, these many small buckets will get us to the desired results and desired growth 
what we are planning. But we are very aware of the fact of U.K., India pact, and that already 
being discussed and advantages are being taken. 
Aditya: 
Right, sir. Sir, second is just a small brief that I would need on you said, products from Korea 
and China are different from what we manufacture. And you mentioned some process also, sir. 
If you could just share 2 lines on that. How are we different? What is the process? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I'll tell you the products because there is, again, a lot of competitive analysis people do 
from the other -- these things. I would say the method which we make the products they last 
for minimum 10 years. And I would say, even lifetime warranty on Global products, right? We 
make them in such a way that color fading, there are three important things in a film, right, in 
a sun control window film. One is UV protection. Another one is your control of visual light, 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
which comes from different colors, different metals and all. And lastly, and the most important, 
the heat control, the IR. Right. 
 
So if we talk of ours versus the films which are manufactured from other countries is that, that 
our -- this fading or coloring of the film that does not happen to us. That is number one. Number 
two is when you talk of this capability of IR or reduction of IR cut, heat reduction, that in our 
cases, it is layered between two layers of film and coating, right. So it does not again fade away, 
right. 
 
So that is number two. And number three is like we have seen many vehicles in Middle East 
and U.S.A., where the adhesive comes out and it looks like pockets of filtration, right. So that 
what happens is our films even customer testimonials, they say, I'll just give you one example. 
It's a good point that recently, we posted in LinkedIn that a customer from Lucknow, he put 
Garware films in 2009 in his car, right. He came back in 2025 saying that the car -- he's changing 
the car, but the film, which we applied in 2009 is still intact. 
 
So there is no other brand in the world which can do that. So we did cake cutting and put his 
testimonials everywhere, and he bought a new film on his new car. So such is the reputation 
of Global and Garware. Even we have seen some -- like some negative publicity in U.S. where 
people say, world, which is the world's best film technology. Even yesterday, it has come. 
 
He said it's Garware or Global in India. But these products are -- if you talk of other products, 
they are very cheap. So the difference between us that the methodology and manufacturing 
of other films is very low quality, and they do not stand up with our quality, which is like 10 to 
15 years intact into that. So that is the difference. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman from Astute Investment Management. 
Aman: 
Just two questions. So last year, quarter 1 and quarter 2 were quite good because of, I think, 
favorable mix on the architectural film side as well as there might be some benefits of some 
commodity pricing also. So for this half year, do we expect similar kind of mix? Or was there 
any one-off some particular kind of sales, value-added sales in architectural films or anything? 
And if it was, do we expect this to repeat this year? 
 
That is question one. And second question is, sir, we posted like all-time best quarter, which 
was September 2024 quarter, where we posted INR 100 crores plus kind of PAT, so by which 
quarter do you expect us to repeat that kind of like performance, INR 100 crores plus kind of 
PAT for the quarter? These are the two questions. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay. So plain and simple that quarter 1 and quarter 2, they are the quarters where we expect 
seasonality to be at its peak. So this year also, either of these 2 will be the best for us, right? 
Q3 normally remains subdued and Q4 will pick up to give growth for Q1 and Q2. So we can 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
expect either of these 2 quarters to remain number one and number two for us this year as 
well. 
 
And with all the efforts, we have already given the guidelines for this year, which we are saying 
that we will meet that one. So there will definitely be growth on both the quarters as compared 
to last year, right? So we expect this to remain more or less same. We cannot have a rule like 
exactly Q1 will be better or Q2 will be better, either of these two. 
 
I mean, we can also say that Q1 posted 27% of operating margin, but Q2 was despite being 
better, the margins were around 24.5% or 25%. So this up and down in our company will always 
happen depending on like how the seasonality moves and sometimes people prebuy to see like 
more, I mean, sales in that. So because our sales pattern is quite long, like we get orders, we 
manufacture, ship it to different worlds, which take like 25 to 45 days and then they are sold. 
 
So the cycle is quite long. So these ups and downs are quite predictable for us. I mean, quite 
unpredictable for us. But definitely, Q1 or Q2, either of these 2 will be the best quarter. And 
definitely, the guidance of INR 2,500 crores we are confident of meeting that. 
Aman: 
Yes. Just a clarification. So commodity prices is something which nobody can control. But was 
there any benefit which was like, I think, in Q1, Q2 was there, which might not repeat because 
the cycle has not like turned back down. 
Deepak Joshi: 
You have that particular question. So I can say on the commodity means we are talking of some 
products from IPD side, right? So we said like what is happening, the company has turned 
around from 65%, 70% of IPD to 30%. And with the new introduction of PPF line, it will go as 
low as 20% to 25%, right? 
 
And out of that commodity will be like 20% of that. So the total impact is very, very minimal 
for us at a company level. But still on IPD side also, this is a backbone for CPD, right? We supply 
many of the products which are manufactured in IPD to CPD. So growth in CPD is continuously 
improving the performance of IPD as well, right?  
 
So that's how we expect this momentum to continue. If there is a worse situation in the market 
like commodity cycle goes to its lowest, we can see a little impact, I can say, like in like INR 4 
crores, INR 5 crore impact on PBT on a quarter, not more than that. So even last year, it was 
the real growth. 
 
Let me tell you the growth last year, the growth of these things, like CPD has grown to its best. 
Sun Control has grown by around 36% right. And the real benefit to us like as compared to FY 
'24 in FY '25 has come because of the better sales and high product mix of Sun Control, not on 
IPD changes. IPD has done a minimal stable performance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratham from Quantum AMC. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Pratham: 
No questions all are answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congrats on a very good year in a reasonably volatile situation. So 2 questions. One is that 
currently, we are at INR 2,100 crores, and a couple of years FY '27, we are targeting to reach 
around INR 3,000 crores. So this incremental INR 900 crores, how should we look at in terms 
of growth coming from Sun Control architecture, PPF, and window? I understand that all of 
them will grow, but which will garner the higher share in the packing order or in terms of 
number, if you can tell? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. In the last 4, 5 years, we have been growing in all segments, right? So from here, the 
growth, we expect the number one growth to come from architectural segment and that too 
from India and U.S. market. So that will be like #1. And followed by PPF growth, right. That 
would be number two. And third, there will be like that's as a broad, if you ask for segment, 
yes, it is architectural, PPF. But in architectural also, we are saying that the work has been done 
in terms of team building, in terms of product portfolios, the work has been completed.   
 
But there will be like Garware Home Solutions, which will add to that, plus a lot of products 
which we are adding now on also after completing the basket, the higher-end products that 
will also help. So architectural and PPF. Having said that, automotive segment, so this is 
product-wise. But if I go to geography-wise, again, we will expect a good automotive growth 
from Middle East and Europe. So that is growth drivers for us. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Got it. And second question on TPU. I think the capacity that we are putting up, it's almost 
half of what we will produce in the PPF. And we are also thinking about kind of doing additional 
products based on TPU, which is other than PPF. 
 
So essentially, is this that we are first trying to stabilize or test this TPU line and then eventually 
kind of convert the entire backward integration into TPU over time? And on the TPU new 
products in terms of the products that you are working on for FY '27, FY '28 in terms of market 
size, are we looking at very niche products? Or are we looking at large scalable products like 
Sun Control or PPF? Some thoughts on that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. To answer the first question on TPU. So yes, it's true. It's capable to supply one PPF line. 
But the idea here is to grow the product line also. We have always been trying and successfully 
achieved the niche products always. So with this, we are targeting some products which have 
got a volume, but they are not something which is very easy to produce, right? So the R&D is 
working on those products.  
 
All efforts are working towards to grow that area. Before the line comes, we should have the 
full idea study, everything ready with roughly 25% of the products, which we are trying to 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
business vertical for us. So the idea to take, like I said, not to look for like continuous, we are 
definitely capturing everything whatever available in automotive market now into architectural 
market.  
 
Then we want to set up new business verticals because we want to create valuation at the rate 
of 25%, 30%,  20% to 25% CAGR. For that, we definitely meet the business verticals, which are 
new age, right, and TPU itself is a very new product, right. It's not something which has been 
there for ages and people are using because the benefits of TPU are outstanding. It's very 
flexible. It has high strength, and it can be used in multiple variants.  
 
So the idea is to grow that segment. And then based on that, we'll decide like how do we go. 
Does it make sense just to make a backward integration for PPF. Or does it make more sense 
to be a new product line with a very different aspect for the company, a complete whole new 
vertical. And we are more focused towards to develop something new. Because TPU will add 
only margins to PPF business, but we have to continue the sustained growth of top line also.  
 
So this both objectives are there. And this is being worked out very closely, and we will come 
out with what final thing on that. We know what we are doing, but for the sake of our internal 
commitment and confidentiality and to avoid any information which should not be like very 
much into the domain. So we avoid commenting more on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay from Hathway Investments. 
Vinay: 
A couple of questions. You said North America delivers around 48.5% of your total sales. How 
much of it is direct to U.S.? 
Deepak Joshi: 
You mean North America and U.S. 
Vinay: 
No, only U.S. 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, no. But 48% is to North America, and that's what I was saying that out of 48.5%, mostly 
goes to U.S.A. But there are many products which go to Canada, Mexico, yes, many of them to 
go Canada and Mexico as well. So I can say around 80% goes to U.S.A. of 48.5% and another 
20% goes to Mexico and Canada, right? And going forward, we will directly cater from Mexico 
and Canada or directly from India. 
Vinay: 
Okay. Secondly, can I see your presence in the Southern Hemisphere is just limited to Australia, 
very small part and I think South America, very small part. And since Sun Control is a big chunk 
of your sale, wouldn't it be seasonality better to have more presence there? What is the reason 
why we have not grown in that area? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See we have grown that area, but we have grown much faster in because U.S. market and 
European market, these are the markets which value high-end products a lot. That means the 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
quality is most suitable for these markets. If you see any company, if they are good quality, 
high-quality manufacturer, if they are ethical in terms of their offerings, right. So they will have 
the maximum share in these markets because they are advanced and respecting good quality, 
right.  
 
And we always give value proposition to our customers, high quality at a more suitable pricing, 
right. So that's how this market has been very strong for us. But we have added resources in 
South America to grow that, but even when you talk of the potential of these markets, so based 
on that potential, they can grow a little, not like what we are targeting in Middle East and 
Europe. 
Vinay: 
Okay. And what is the contribution of Sun Control and PPF individually to the total sales in FY 
'25? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay. So we have roughly 45% of Sun Control and to be precise, 26% of PPF, right. And around 
30% of IPD. And forecasted numbers looks to be 45% to 50% on Sun Control this year and 
around 30% to PPF and around 20% to IPD. So if you see sequentially, IPD will go down, PPF 
will increase and Sun Control will also increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh from Toro Wealth Managers. 
Harsh: 
Congratulations on great set of results. I just had one question to understand in Q4. Did we 
notice any stocking or some sales being prebooked due to the upcoming tariffs? Was that a 
possibility? And if not, then can we assume that this was entirely normal sales due to your 
marketing efforts? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, I can 100% vouch that it was normal marketing this thing. No stocking has been done. We 
see our stocks in U.S. are very, very normal. Nothing is increasing. From here, it goes to U.S. 
warehouse, and it is same there. So no change in that. 
Harsh: 
Got it. Because during COVID times, we had some stocking then for a couple of quarters. So I 
was just trying to understand there is no like prebook of sales and then some destocking 
happening over the next few quarters. So that scenario isn't there as of now. 
Deepak Joshi: 
It is not there. COVID has been long and painful period where people could not get material. 
That's why they ordered a lot. They could not get in 6 months, 8 months. Then suddenly, they 
ordered, and that's why it got stocked up. Here, the painful period has been very small waiting 
period and there is no change in our stocking pattern. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mihir Dhami from Sharekhan. 
Mihir Dhami: 
Sir, because of the 10% additional tariff from U.S., how much impact would it have on our 
margin? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, on the margins, I would say there has been a general increase from everyone into the U.S. 
market. Like I explained, even U.S. manufacturers, there are many of them, they import their 
components from other countries. So everyone has got some kind of impact of that. That's why 
many of the producers are contemplating like price hike to this extent, right? So we are in 
discussion and we'll be able to pass this on to our customers. 
Mihir Dhami: 
Okay. And one was a bookkeeping question. What was the reason for a rise in employee 
expenses and other income in this quarter? 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So employee expenses is on the back of our additional hiring which we had plus normal 
increments which come during the year. So that was again for employee expenses. And on the 
second question was on? 
Mihir Dhami: 
Other income. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Other income is basically from our investments which we have made. So we are getting our 
dividends and other things on that. So that's the reason for the other income. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today's 
conference call. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Joshi for closing comments. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you, everyone, for your time given to us today. On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films 
management, I thank you, everyone, and good luck. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
