 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 80 69134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com, CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
 
Date: May 29, 2025 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 22, 2025 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, May 
22, 2025 at 5:00 PM (IST), post announcement of financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025. The audio recording of the said Earnings 
Conference Call along with the Transcript have been uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
NAGAMA
NI C Y
Digitally signed by 
NAGAMANI C Y 
Date: 2025.05.29 
12:02:13 +05'30'

1 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
 
May 22, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Kayum Dhanani 
:  Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal 
:  Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit V Betala 
:  Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma 
:  Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 

           4, 2021 
2 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 and FY25 Conference Call of 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*", then "0" 
on your touch tone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma, Head of Investor Relations. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Bijay Sharma: 
Thank you, Steve. Welcome everyone to Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited's Q4 & Full 
Year FY25 Earnings Conference Call.  
For today's call, I have with me Mr. Kayum Dhanani, Managing Director, Mr. Rahul 
Agrawal, CEO and Whole Time Director; and Mr. Amit Betala, CFO. We will begin the 
call with Mr. Kayum Dhanani sharing his perspective on overall demand scenario and key 
highlights for the year. This will be followed by a detailed discussion on business 
performance and outlook by Mr. Rahul Agrawal. Post that, we will open the forum for a 
Q&A session.  
Before we begin the presentation, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the earnings presentation for our detailed disclaimer.  
I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you. A very good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. I take the pleasure in welcoming 
you to Q4 and Full Year FY25 conference call of Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited.  
Leveraging the resilience of our business model and a strong focus on operational 
efficiency, we concluded the year with stable performance. During the year, we reported a 
total revenue of Rs.1,233 crores. Our top line was marginally lower by around 1.7% 
compared to last year, primarily led by negative SSSG.  
In line with our strategy to focus on profitability, we were able to maintain our profitability 
despite the challenging business conditions. Our reported EBITDA for the year was 
relatively flat at Rs.211 crores, with a margin of 17.1%. Our adjusted pre-IND AS EBITDA 
for the year stood at Rs.91 crores with the margin of 7.4%.  

           4, 2021 
3 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Our three business segments continued to perform in line with our expectation. For our 
Barbeque Nation India business, we remain committed to establish it as preferred 
celebration destination. During the year, we introduced various value based promotions to 
target families as well as corporate segments, broadly focused on large group celebrations. 
We also continued our culinary festivals to enhance guest experiences. In addition, we also 
upgraded some of our older restaurants to delight our guests with more vibrant ambience. 
Our India business recorded revenue of around Rs.981 crores in FY25, a decline of 6% 
compared to last year. However, the pre-IND AS restaurant operating margin was Rs.118 
crores, with  margin of 12%, an increase of 70 basis points compared to last year.  
Our international business continued its robust performance with 8% year-on-year growth 
in revenues to Rs.97 crores in FY25. The growth is primarily led by positive SSSG and 
faster ramp up of newly launched restaurants. This business segment continued to report 
pre-IND AS margin of over 25% during the year. We expanded our footprint in Sri Lanka 
with launch of our restaurant in Colombo.  
Our premium CDR reported revenue of Rs.160 crores in FY25, a growth of over 30% 
compared to the same period last year. This was primarily led by network expansion. Pre-
IND AS restaurant operating margin for the business was around 18%.  
Thank you. And I would now hand over to Rahul to walk you through the performance in 
detail. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Kayum. Good evening, everyone. 
During the quarter, we added 5 new restaurants and closed 1 restaurant, resulting in a net 
count of 230 restaurants. Our year end network of 230 restaurants, included 191 restaurants 
in Barbeque Nation India business, 9 restaurants in Barbeque Nation International business, 
and 30 restaurants in premium CDR business, i.e., Toscano and Salt. During the year, we 
added 18 new restaurants and closed 5 restaurants, resulting in a net addition of 13 
restaurants in Financial Year 2025.  
During the quarter, we reported revenue of Rs. 293 crores. The revenues were down by 
1.8% compared to same period last year. Our SSSG for the quarter was negative 2% which 
was flat compared to last quarter, and continued to be on an improvement trend compared 
to previous year. Our reported EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 53.3 crores with margin of 
18.2%, and now pre-IND AS EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 19 crores with margin of 
6.5%.  
We reported a revenue of Rs. 1,233 crores in FY25, a decline of 1.7% compared to last 
year. Of the total revenues, dine-in revenue accounted for 85% and delivery business 
contributed to balance 15%. Our dine-in revenue for the year was Rs. 1,040 crores, a 

           4, 2021 
4 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
decline of 2% compared to last year. The delivery revenue for the year stood at Rs. 190 
crores, an increase of 2.5% versus last year.  
Gross margin for the year improved by 160 basis points to 68.2%. Around 40 basis points 
of this improvement was due to reclassification, the balance 120 basis points was primarily 
driven by better realization and efficient management of input costs.  
Pre-IND AS restaurant operating margin for the year was 13.9%. Despite the operating 
deleverage, the restaurant operating margins marginally improved compared to last year 
by 30 basis points, led by efficient cost management. Our adjusted operating EBITDA for 
the year was Rs. 90.6 crores and adjusted operating margins stood at 7.4%, which was flat 
compared to last year. Consolidated reported EBITDA margin for the year was Rs. 211 
crores and reported operating margin for the period was 17.1%. We also maintained a 
robust EBITDA to cash conversion and delivered Rs. 80 crores of cash profit.  
Barbeque Nation India business SSSG was negative but is on an improvement trend. The 
business recorded a revenue of Rs. 981 crores and maintained gross margin levels of around 
67%. The pre-IND AS restaurant operating margin for the business improved by 70 basis 
points to 12% during the year. Efficient cost management helped in improving restaurant 
operating margin compared to last year despite operating deleverage. This is broadly in 
line with our commitment to retaining our margins, despite the prevailing demand 
conditions. We are hopeful that this will enable us to further enhance profitability as the 
demand scenario improves going forward.  
Barbeque Nation international business recorded revenue of Rs. 97.3 crores during the 
year, an increase of 8% compared to same period last year. The growth was supported by 
positive SSSG, and faster ramp up of new store. The business segment maintained its gross 
margin at 74%. Pre-IND AS restaurant operating margin for the business was strong at 
25% plus. In March 2025, we expanded our footprint into Sri Lanka with launch of our 
inaugural outlet in Colombo. We plan to open four to six restaurants in the year and will 
continue to evaluate newer trade areas.  
Our premium CDR business recorded a growth of 30% year-on-year, close to Rs. 160 
crores. The gross margin for the segment remained flat at around 75%. Pre-IND AS 
restaurant operating margins were 17.6% compared to 22.8% last year. The impact on 
margins was due to new and yet to mature stores opened during the year and matured 
network continued to deliver restaurant operating margin of +21%. We expanded the 
footprint for this business by entering into new cities such as Hyderabad, Delhi, and 
Mumbai this year. The guest response from these three new cities has been very exciting 
and we plan to further increase our presence in these cities during the coming year.  

           4, 2021 
5 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Our strategic emphasis on maintaining leadership in casual dine-in and scaling all three 
business segments has positioned us to effectively navigate industry challenges and achieve 
sustainable network growth. We anticipate that our India business network will grow at a 
rate of 10% to 12% over the medium term, while other segments are expected to grow at 
25%-30%. This trajectory will enable us to reach our target of operating 300 to 325 
restaurants by FY27. 
Thank you. With this, we can open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hi. My first question is regarding your store openings. You have reiterated that we will 
grow to 300 - 325 stores by FY27, and we are at 230 today, so which will mean we will 
need to open at least 30 restaurants this year. Can you please tell us like May how many 
stores have we opened? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We have three stores already operational now in this quarter and we have around 12 
restaurants under fit-out. Out of this 12, I am expecting another four to open up in this 
quarter. So this quarter I am expecting to open seven new stores in Q1. 
Viraj Mehta: 
And all of these would be domestic Barbeque or they would be premium CDR or 
international? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Out of seven, we are expecting between two to three in international, some of these 
international pipeline was supposed to open in Q4, but got slipped to Q1. We have two in 
premium CDR and balance in Barbeque India. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. You also mentioned that we are seeing improvement in domestic Barbeque as far as 
SSSG is concerned. So, are you seeing any signs of reversal of negative SSSG growth that 
we have been consistently seeing for the past several quarters? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
When I look at FY24, we were at close to 8% decline, which currently on full year basis 
the decline is around 3.5%. This quarter we are pretty much similar to what we were in Q4 
as of now. But only half quarter has gone by, let us wait for another month. So the recovery 
is very slow and gradual there. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Right. And as far as Barbeque India is concerned, we are doing around Rs. 5.3 crores which 
is on the lower end? And once we see a slightly positive improvement and when we go to 
let's say Rs. 5.7 crores to Rs. 5.8 crores, Rs. 5.9 crores sales per outlet per year, what's the 
kind of ROM that you think we will see from currently 11%, 12%? 

           4, 2021 
6 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Rahul Agrawal: 
If I look at last three-year matured restaurants of Barbeque India business, which is close 
to around 155 to 160 restaurants, last three year average ROM is around 16%, , and average 
sale in this portfolio on average is around Rs. 5.8 crores, Rs. 5.9 crores. At that number we 
will reach to around 16% restaurant operating margin. But in the current scenario which is 
actually FY23, FY24, FY25 average numbers are looking like this. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. And would it be fair to assume that for 30 stores that you mentioned, our new 
CAPEX for this year would be closer to Rs. 90 crores? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think we will do more than 30, at least that's the plan. And if you look at our current 
portfolio, we have around 230 operating, we have around 12 under fit-out, and we have an 
active pipeline of another 18 where commercials are almost finalized with those sites. And 
the process of diligence, project viability and all this stuff is going on. I think there's clear 
visibility of the 30 restaurants as of now. And apart from that, we have another 15 sites 
which are in very early stage. At least our plan would be to target to achieve around 35 to 
40 this year, so that we cross 300 by FY27. And also if you look at our pace, last year H1 
we were doing almost 4 per quarter, we moved to 5 per quarter, frankly, a couple of sites 
slipped to Q1, they should not have been. And I think we will quickly move to an average 
quarter opening of 7 to 10, and that's how we plan to meet our target of 300 to 325. 
Viraj Mehta: 
By the way, fantastic performance on international piece, on our nine restaurants now we 
are doing almost Rs. 13 crores plus kind of revenue and our ROM this quarter is almost 
29.6% on pre-IND AS, I mean, are these like 29%, 30% are these kind of sustainable 
numbers or you see them reverting back to 25%, 26%? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, I think these are not.  This quarter we also delivered 10% SSSG and positive SSSG to 
margin expansion is a clear story in our business, which we saw that this quarter. But I 
think for the full year normalized basis, 30 will not remain. I think if we can maintain 
anywhere between 25%, 26%, it's a good number to have. And as we also expand the newer 
stores this year, there may be marginal dip also. But on a long term basis, I think this 
business should deliver us anywhere between 23% to 25% restaurant operating margin, 
which on a store level payback period should look like close to 2 to 2.5 years. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. And my last question is regarding your premium CDR. When we talk about our 
premium CDR, we are at almost Rs. 5.5 crores sales in a premium CDR with 30 restaurants. 
Why is it that these are premium CDRs, like when we go from 30 to 60 restaurants over 
next couple of years, in your mind, what are your aspirational revenues per outlet? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It will remain at around Rs. 5.5 crores to Rs. 6 crores, and I am giving you a range because 
in some of the newer ones we may open up slightly smaller restaurants. Our previous ones 
were at an average size of around 3,000 square feet, we are now doing some at 2,200 square 
feet also. Adjusted for that I think Rs. 5.5 crores, Rs. 6 crores is a decent number to assume 

           4, 2021 
7 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
for this. Also, I am not so worried about 30 going to 60 and sort of impacting our revenue 
per restaurants because if you look at the current profile of this portfolio, out of 30 
restaurants 15 are based out of only Bangalore, right, and balance 15 are based out of 
Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, now recently opened up one in Mumbai and one in Delhi.  A 
lot of metro markets are really open to us. And some of these metro markets have potential 
of high throughput. I would not worry about this average number going down. I think the 
focus would be to ensure that in some of these newer trade areas that we are entering and 
going with a brand for the first time, we sort of make a mark like we have done in South 
with these brands and continue to deliver that. I think once we do that and we open up the 
first three, four successfully, ramping up from three, four to maybe 10 or 12 in every city 
is not a challenge and we know that. And by that time the teams should be set, the entire 
operating process will be set in these markets. And that's the hard work that has been going 
on. And when I say that we opened up three new markets, I think we are extremely happy 
with our performance in Hyderabad, Mumbai and Delhi that we launched. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. And last question on premium CDR. Obviously you mentioned that our margins have 
fallen to less than 15% because of newer store openings. But should, we as investors, this 
is more like one-off and longer term margins in your view are still around 20% plus or 
minus percent here and there. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We have also given you mature portfolio margin. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Matured is 19.2%, right. But it's very difficult to understand what is matured what is not. 
So which is why I am asking for a slightly longer term understanding, when you open a 
store do you think 20% is what you look at when you open a store? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It is anything more than two years is mature portfolio for us and we do not do any other 
classification. We take everything which is more than two years at mature portfolio. And 
every restaurant which are more than two years old in our premium CDR concept has done 
an operating margin of 21.3%, despite the fact that SSSG has been slightly subdued in this 
business also. I think on long term basis they should deliver around 21% margins. The 
business has very strong gross margins at around 75%, and I think we know how to manage 
our operating costs, be it rental cost or manpower cost. I think I am reasonably confident 
of delivering 21% restaurant operating margin on this portfolio. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Thank you. Best of luck. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Viraj. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 

           4, 2021 
8 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Harit Kapoor: 
Hey. Hi, Rahul. Good evening. So, I just wanted to check this 30 stores you mentioned, 30 
to 35 stores, how much of that would be Barbeque India this year, I mean, what's your 
estimate? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Overall, we want to do around 20 of Barbeque India, we will do around 4 to 5 of 
international, and between 12 to 15 of premium CDR. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And there was a point of time where the SSSGs were okay and your pace of expansion 
increased in India and then you kind of had a year of consolidation because the market was 
not conducive. What drives the fact that you can open up another 20, which is like a 10%, 
11% increase in Barbeque India, especially because the format has probably not come out 
of the woods yet completely. So, just wanted to know what are you seeing or what changes 
are you making to ensure that you are still okay in spite of this fairly quick pace of 
expansion expected this year? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Harit, I am glad that you raised this. You are right, FY23 was the year that we added almost 
37 restaurants of Barbeque India. But also consider that the period when we came out of 
second half of FY22 and FY23 performance, which was pretty much post COVID and one 
of the best periods that we have seen. And on back of that, we have taken some calls which 
eventually did not sort of work out and we had to go ahead and do some corrections in our 
overall portfolio. And that part is done now. And separately what we have done also is we 
have also strengthened the two of our other verticals, which is both international and 
premium CDR, and sort of built an organization where we feel very comfortable that we 
can sort of do 30% sort of network addition on this portfolio on this basis.  
 
And similarly, Barbeque India now, I think we have done corrections in our store formats, 
our store sizes. I think we do not need 4,200 square feet areas anymore. We can do this at 
around 3,200 square feet areas. The whole economics have been reworked on. And some 
of the latest five, seven restaurants we have opened up has all been in this sort of range. 
This also gives us flexibility to go to prime places, space slightly higher rentals but the 
throughput is good. So the whole change is being done accordingly. And to that extent, I 
feel very comfortable that we can comfortably add 20 restaurant in this business in a year. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Thanks, Rahul. And is there a risk in your mind of this 12% pre-IND AS restaurant 
operating margin for FY26 for India because of this expansion? Or is that not the right way 
to look at it, we should just still look at like what mature is doing versus new is doing? Just 
wanted to understand how should we think about it. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No. Frankly, I do not think 12% restaurant operating margin is what we would target to do 
in our India portfolio. I think at a smaller 50-60 restaurant portfolio used to do around 21% 
margin, last three year average it has come down to around 16%-17%, and the current year 
it is looking like 12% on the overall basis, including from the new ones. Also, as market 

           4, 2021 
9 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
changes, we obviously need to do some corrections. But over a longer term period, for 
matured portfolio, I think if we look at the business model and unit economics, this will be 
Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 6 crores per outlet depending on the size, depending on location. And 
on that portfolio at a unit level we will try and achieve sort of 18% restaurant level margin 
as we scale this portfolio up. On a blended basis, I think we will definitely target 16% 
restaurant level margins. Right now these numbers are not at the best, and these numbers 
are also after two years of negative SSSG. And despite that negative SSSG, we are at a 
12% restaurant operating margin for the full year. Obviously we are doing changes on the 
ground in terms of guest experience, culinary festivals, how to also further improve our 
service, new store designs. We are working on these guest experience level. And as this 
further improves, not that the entire portfolio is negative, you still have 50% plus portfolio 
which are positive SSSG territory. As we continue doing these works, and once SSSG 
improves this will flow down to margins, at least that's what my experience says in this 
company over last few years. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, I do not deny the operating leverage benefit, no doubt about it. I also wanted to check 
about your prognosis of why last year also was, I mean, we understand that dine-in has 
been weak across even QSR businesses. What, in your opinion, would take for this, apart 
from your bottom-up initiatives, what would it take in your opinion to kind of get back to 
a positive SSSG trajectory, specifically in the Barbeque Nation India business? And what 
are you seeing in the market right now to say that FY26 could possibly be a year where 
when you get back in the plus trajectory on the SSSG for Barbeque India? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
A very difficult question, and we keep sort of hammering at it every time, the answers are 
maybe different for different markets. In some markets there is new competition, in some 
markets we need to upgrade our assets, our service, our product, in some markets 
consumers feel that the price point is slightly expensive. The answer is not sort of one for 
the entire thing. But in general, I think, consumers are also looking for, at least in the CDR 
space newer experiences. Whenever in any particular trade area we see a new sort of format 
coming in, the fad remains for some time and it just does impact us, there's no doubt about 
it. And what happens in our business also is, we are a very long term comfort sort of level 
dine-in place, we see that both in the Barbeque India business also in Toscano and Salt. 
That demand keeps repeating. But I think, in my view, if we continue to do what we are 
doing and we obviously keep improving at that, the guest demand will come back. It's not 
that some of the other players in barbeque all you can eat categories are doing good. We 
also got some studies done. Our NPS scores are also better than the other industry players. 
I think it's just about holding on to it, trying to ensure the guest experience is good and 
protecting your margins at the same time. And when this tide turns, I think this flows down 
very well to your bottom line. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Wish you all the best. Thank you.  

           4, 2021 
10 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Harit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Vinod Krishna from Avendus Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, one question on the Barbeque value proposition. Because you want to position 
Barbeque as a celebration destination, are we seeing customers finding some other 
alternatives going for some other alternatives as celebration destination? Is there any way 
that you are keeping track, because we cannot do it from outside, but you know who are? 
Is it competition or is it people are moving to different formats for celebrations?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Our brand stands for celebration, we stand for group dining out. If you go to any Barbeque 
Nation, any slot, any session, you will always find three, four tables celebrating either their 
birthdays or anniversaries or any group dine-in from corporate. This is what we stand for. 
And there is one or the other celebration story in every table. And we also engage with 
guests in terms of giving them a complementary cake from our side just to enhance their 
experience. This is the positioning of Barbeque Nation. We are not impulse purchase. Our 
price points are close to Rs. 800 per pax. And this suits large group, because when they 
come in they do not bother about who is eating how much, what the bill is going to be. 
That level of comfort sort of is driven by the brand. And that is what we target. If you look 
at our business, our average group size is around 4.5 and we get almost 50% of our business 
from group sizes of more than six. That is what we want to focus on. And our point is that 
for any individual or guest, even if they celebrate one or two occasions at Barbeque Nation 
out of maybe six occasions that he has every year, I think that repeat rate is very handsome 
for us. 
Vinod Krishna: 
No, exactly sir, that's what I am saying, are you seeing any competitive intensity in terms 
of people moving away to other formats for celebration? That's exactly what I am asking. 
Is there any way that you are keeping track, like asking your customers or any survey that 
you have done? Because you have seen like there's a continuous SSSG negative growth,  it 
may be in some part of India, not in the whole of India may be, I am not saying it's 
everywhere. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No. Obviously the value proposition that other barbeque all you can eat player gives is 
similar. And in some cases, the price points may be different. But eventually if you look at 
on the reported overall number basis, are some of the other players taking away market 
share, absolutely no. I do not think, there's only one large player and their numbers also 
whatever we can track does not seems to be better than what we have done. I do not think 
based on our internal research that some of the other larger players are taking away market 
share in this celebration destination concept of ours. 

           4, 2021 
11 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Vinod Krishna: 
So then what would be our prognosis like, why there is a slower growth in last two years, 
especially? And where there is no growth where there still SSSG growth, like is there any 
difference between those locations and the other locations where there is negative growth? 
Is there anything that you have identified and working on? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Working on across the entire portfolio because the answers in every specific trade area may 
be different. In some cases maybe there's a competition, in some cases maybe we need to 
upgrade our asset, in some cases the price points may not be favorable. In some cases 
there's a mall which has sort of gone down for whatever reason. The answer is different in 
different cases. And we are working across the entire portfolio. In general, I think eating 
out has been slower for last two years, that's the impact that we have seen across multiple 
players. Unfortunately, we only have QSR numbers in public domain. But apart from that, 
I do not think there is any other reason. But like I said earlier also, specifically south market 
for us has been more challenging, east has been positive territory, west is marginally lower, 
and north again has been also flattish. Apart from these, there's no other separate trend. It's 
not that Metro, Tier-1, Tier-2 is pretty much similar. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, as the restaurants mature we can go to Rs. 6 crores to Rs. 7 crores per restaurant or it 
is different because the sizes are different?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
At a portfolio level we can, our matured portfolio obviously is higher. So as mature 
portfolio matures we can. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Okay. So, I can understand that you are not at least finding any alternatives where 
customers are moving to celebrate, huge alternatives. I am not saying in terms of numbers. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No.  
Vinod Krishna: 
Thank you, Sir. All the best, Sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Raj from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Raj: 
Hi, team, good evening. And thank you for giving the opportunity. From my side two 
questions. So just I want to understand that, this quarter our SSSG is minus 2%. I 
understand 70% of our Barbeque core stores are in Tier-1 cities. So does this mean that the 
lower SSSG is mainly due to underperformance in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities? If yes, then 
please clarify. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, That's not the case. I think between the tiers, I do not see any change in SSSG. Metro, 
Tier-1, Tier-2 has pretty much behaved, by and large, in similar fashion.  
Sanjeev Raj: 
So you are saying that the performance is more or less it's common for all the cities, right? 

           4, 2021 
12 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes.  
Sanjeev Raj: 
Thank you. And my second question is sir, just if you look at the mature restaurants in the 
core business, it's around roughly 55 million to 60 million. So we want to understand there 
based on the revenue, so what would be the average dine-in table turnover per day or you 
can say average table utilization percentage in weekend and weekdays? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We do not share those numbers. But what I can share is our weekday business, which is 
Monday to Thursday is approximately 50%, and the balance 50% is from Friday, Saturday, 
Sunday. But I would not be able to give the table turns and other stuff. 
Sanjeev Raj: 
Okay, Sir. Are you able to share some data on repeat customer for our core business for 
Tier-1 and Tier-2 cities?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
It's similar for both. I think between Tier-1 and Tier-2 the average throughput may be 
different, but other than that, operating parameters are pretty similar in terms of repeat 
rates, turns, SSSG numbers, they are all pretty similar at a portfolio level. 
Sanjeev Raj: 
Okay, Thank you, sir. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Naitik: 
Hi sir, thanks for taking my question. Sir my first question is, we have seen sort of muted 
SSSG in both our premium CDR and international business on a full year basis. So I just 
sort of wanted to understand what's the market condition? Or what exactly has panned out? 
Because the SSSG growth rate has been sort of declining in both these markets? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
In premium CDR, specifically this year it has been lower, also specially because large part 
of the portfolio, like I said, is in South India, and south generally has struggled for the 
entire dine-in play, at least in our portfolio. In international business, it's positive. And on 
a full year basis it's around 1%. I think, yes, lower than FY24. But as you also expand more, 
there's no specific reason why I can tell you it is only 1% positive and not higher. 
Naitik: 
Right. No, sir, I wanted to understand, I mean, is this expected to continue or we see sort 
of SSSG growth coming back in these two markets? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No. I think we are consciously also adding couple of percentage points on pricing, which 
has also helped to maintain SSSG in these markets. Also, SSSG has been calculated on 
maybe six restaurants, large part of these are in UAE only right now. So they are on the 
ninth year of their existence. As you can see, no new restaurants have been for last four or 

           4, 2021 
13 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
five years, at least on the SSSG front. We were six in FY21, 'FY22, FY23, and then we 
started from FY24 onwards with two, and then one this year. I think in the fifth year SSSG 
is a very good sort of trend. As we add more stores, I think at a portfolio level we should 
deliver between 3% to 5% SSSG.  
 
I think more than SSSG also, Naitik, I would be very sort of conscious of protecting our 
margins at 25% restaurant operating margin. At a portfolio level, even if as you open up 
new store different sizes, different markets, even if you delivered Rs. 10 crores of average 
revenue per store and deliver 25% restaurant operating margin, I think we have an 
extremely good business that we have. The real thing is that how can we replicate this from 
existing nine restaurants to, say, size of 25, 30 restaurants. So my focus is largely in on 
that. I would not worry about couple of percentage points on SSSG here or there. I would 
try and sort of maintain a sound business with 25% restaurant operating margin and also 
build scale in that business further. 
Naitik: 
Right, Got it. And sir my second question is on India business, are we largely done with 
the store closures? Or we expect some two, three stores to be closed in this year also? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No. I think we do not have any major store closures coming, but we will continue to relook 
at our portfolio. And on a base of say 200, we may have three or four coming up every 
year, and that's because if the store is not turning out or not performing, then instead of 
wasting our time on that we would go ahead and sort of launch a new one somewhere else. 
Now whatever store closures that you are seeing is largely of just having a hard look on 
one or two which are not giving you desired results. But there's no marked sort of big one 
that is coming out. 
Naitik: 
Right, got it. Sir, just my last question is in terms of depreciation for this quarter, you have 
seen a step-up jump in depreciation while the finance cost has not seen as much step-up. 
So is there any one-off or this is pertaining only to rental deals? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Amit, can you take that question, there's a ramp-up on depreciation. 
Naitik: 
I was just mentioning that the depreciation is significantly higher for this quarter when I 
look at it compared to last quarter or last year same quarter. So just wanted to know any 
specific reason or any one-offs in it? 
Amit Betala: 
There's no one-off in that case. Whenever there is a store closure, there is a depreciation 
which happens at the store closure level as well. And because of that, there is an increase 
in the depreciations. Otherwise, there's no major depreciation. 
Naitik: 
So this is expected to remain, the quarterly run rate that we have for this quarter? 

           4, 2021 
14 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Amit Betala: 
Yes. 
Naitik: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathee from Countercyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathee: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir I wanted to understand regarding the store closure 
initiative that we took a year back, so how many of the 200 stores currently we have 
reduced their sizes? And what would be the average store size currently? And where do we 
expect this to go over the next two to three years as we add on more stores? And the sub-
question would be sir, we have seen a decline in our other expenses, so is this because of 
right sizing the stores and some fixed cost benefit moving to our margin going forward? 
So if you could help me understand on that. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes.  On the stores sizes, on the existing portfolio, obviously, we cannot change much 
because of the long term leases. In those we have done some internal corrections to see 
whether we can use those spaces for storages for which we are paying onsite rentals. Just 
trying to improve the economics on that. Because if you have already contracted for 4,200 
square feet, you cannot just give away 1,000 square feet because the real estate will not 
work accordingly. The size in the past portfolio remains the same. In the new portfolio, the 
average has come down. As you may be add 100 stores of the new portfolio then the 
average size will reduce. But the operating process of store operations have changed now 
with the different sizes that we have launched.  
 
In terms of other expense, it is largely lower because of some of the other line items. This 
includes, in some cases, external storage spaces, in some cases electricity initiatives, and 
manpower also we have taken some initiatives. And on average basis, whatever new stores 
that we opened up has also lower operating cost. 
Madhur Rathee: 
Sir, so the new stores, if I consider the 200 stores that we currently have, how many would 
be the older legacy stores? And what would be their average sizes? And what would be the 
new stores and what would be their sizes currently? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
One, these legacy stores do not have a problem. These legacy stores that we have are also 
delivering us good 16% restaurant operating margins, the mature portfolio. Please do not 
get that notion that we have problem in our existing portfolio and we have to change it. 
Obviously, we have a problem of SSSG but not because of any inherent problem in this, 
and we are no way looking at changing this portfolio. I think we are very happy with this 
and we are continuing to grow this. 

           4, 2021 
15 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
 
Just that what we are saying is, the new ones that we are now designing, we are designing 
with smaller areas which we believe are slightly more efficient in terms of operations. And 
can also deliver better margins at smaller throughputs. That's the whole concept. And the 
recent seven, eight restaurants are also in this new format design. In the past we also shared 
new look and feel designs of the restaurants, that is what we are talking about here. And 
this also relates back to the previous question which was asked in this call regarding how 
can we do may be 20, 25 restaurant of Barbeque India. I think we feel very comfortable 
with this new concept size, operating cost that the economics will work on these new store 
openings. 
Madhur Rathee: 
Got it. So sir, is it fair to assume on a broader level that the new stores would be 20% to 
25% lower square feet than our earlier stores, because of better economic going forward? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes,. Also, what has happened is, as we have increased our presence, I think it's better for 
us to also go in prime locations, where the rentals are higher. I cannot contract higher per 
square feet rentals for larger area. We have to be a little more efficient in terms of designing 
some of these restaurants so that we try and get throughput, but also at an average rental 
cost on an absolute basis does not change, even though per square feet may be slightly 
higher. 
Madhur Rathee: 
Got it. So another question on, so if I consider the restaurant operating margin that we have 
mentioned 16% for our Barbeque India, 25% would be for the international and 20% for 
premium CDR. So how much would be additional cost that should flow and give us, so 
what would be the fixed cost associated with other than these restaurant operating margins? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, there's a back end cost only, and the back end cost is the entire regional office cost. 
Every cost which is apart from the store cost, which is the regional office and the corporate 
office. Even the marketing costs are part of the restaurant operating cost. 
Madhur Rathee: 
So would that be 4% to 5% of revenue? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, currently given that our revenue has been flattish, this number has been slightly higher 
at 6.5%. But on long term basis, this will be between 5% and 5.5%. 
Madhur Rathee: 
Sir, another question is, how is your delivery business doing? And sir the acquisitions that 
we made last quarter of Willow ice cream, so how are the margins in that expected going 
forward? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The numbers of Willow Gourmet, one, they are very small and they are not part of this 
financial, we have not consolidated, we will start from next financial year. On delivery 
business, the SSSG or same store delivery growth has been positive for us for the entire 
quarter. And specifically on delivery, as you know we have three brands, one is Barbeque 

           4, 2021 
16 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Nation which is positioned as mostly barbeque in a box sale. UBQ, which is positioned as 
meals, thalis, and single meals. And third is Dum Safar, which is a biryani.  
 
Out of this there's one major change that we did in our UBQ business which is, we changed 
its position from UBQ at Barbeque Nation to UBQ for meals and curries. We lost out on 
some of the ordering demand due to this change. And that's why that particular business 
was negative, it was almost 30%. But the other two brands, which is Barbeque Nation and 
Dum Safar are at positive SSSG of approximately late single digit. We obviously needed 
to do that course correction in UBQ because there was a lot of common menu between 
UBQ and Barbeque. If you have to grow UBQ as a brand we will have to also reposition it 
separately. Now they are distinct positioning between Barbeque Nation, UBQ and Dum 
Safar. And we want to grow back. We obviously lost out some bit on UBQ, but I am sure 
as we again rebuild it, we will get this back. And I am very happy to see positive SSSG on 
the two other delivery brand which is Barbeque and Dum Safar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Akhilesh P, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh P: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand the CAPEX outlay a little better. 
So if we have to open 35, 40 restaurants in each of FY '26 and '27, what would be the 
estimated CAPEX for this? And how do we plan to fund it? And connected to that, every 
year out of our base of 230 restaurants that we have, how many come up for, say, major 
refurbishment or some kind of major maintenance CAPEX? And what would be that 
amount? And how do we plan to fund that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Overall for these 35 to 40 restaurants, we would have Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 110 crores of 
CAPEX. We would have another Rs. 20 crores for maintenance, which will also include 
some part of refurbishment. And depending on whether we need to really relocate or redo 
the entire restaurant, maybe another Rs. 5 crores for a couple of new restaurant sites. And 
then there is another Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 10 crores of corporate CAPEX which comes up 
towards tech capabilities, IT work and stuff. Overall, for the next two years I am expecting 
a CAPEX outlay of anywhere between Rs. 130 crores to Rs. 140 crores. In the past, we 
have funded largely from our internal accruals, but this year if the internals fall short, I 
think we may have to raise external debt of another Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 35 crores. 
Akhilesh P: 
And currently what is the net debt or net cash position  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Our net debt is around Rs. 50 crores right now, on a net worth of around Rs. 400 crores. 
Akhilesh P: 
Okay. And the second question is, for Barbeque India to hit 15% or 16% restaurant 
operating margins for the full year, what kind of SSSG do you think this portfolio will 
require, if we have to hit that, say, this year or even FY '27? 

           4, 2021 
17 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Rahul Agrawal: 
On average we are at currently 12%, so I think 5% to 6% SSSG will also take us to 15% 
restaurant level operating margins. Also, one is SSSG, and like we have done over last two 
years, we are also very quick to manage our cost in an efficient manner. Last two years we 
have seen SSSG impacting us negatively, but we have taken pretty much every step to 
ensure that in a disciplined manner we manage our costs, and try and variablize as much 
as possible. My focus at least for the next couple of years is store expansion, try and build 
good restaurants for our consumers, and on a larger base sort of work on your margins. I 
am not saying that I will take my eye off the margins, but my focus is to increase the pace 
of store expansion. And that's why when I said about the pipelines and all, I think I feel 
happy that these could be delivered. 
Akhilesh P: 
Sir, can you comment a little on what levers are left on this cost facilities, and also on this 
Willow Gourmet acquisition which you had done, so what is your expectation from that in 
FY26? And is it a drag on the profitability for the company? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
There is no drag on the profitability due to Willow Gourmet, it is accretive on the 
profitability. This is not consolidated right now. We have acquired 42%, we will finish our 
last tranche of 8% so that we become 51%, and then we will start consolidating the results. 
When we acquired it around the April, they had three cloud kitchens, we have already 
opened three more, we have six cloud kitchens now, and on that base it's growing pretty 
well. And the profitability is maintained. I think the focus there is two-fold, on one side we 
want to expand and increase our production facility, we have to ramp up our production 
capability so that we can service more and more kitchens. And on the second side, we will 
go and open more cloud kitchens. Like we mentioned also earlier, this is a small business 
and we will take some time to build it, but we will build it in a profitable manner. These 
cloud kitchens will not lose money. In fact, they were very profitable when we acquired it.  
 
On cost efficiency, we keep looking at everything, we are a large organization, we have 
multiple sort of areas in which we can make improvements. But I cannot tell you specific 
points right now. But what I will tell you is, we are constantly looking at newer ways of 
doing things so that we can save something, even a Rs. 10,000 sort of saved in one outlet 
is approximately Rs. 20 lakh per month and close to Rs. 2 crores per year. We keep a very 
strong eye on every expense that is incurred at a store level, and then try and multiply it 
pan-India. Some are in pipeline, some have not worked also, in some cases we realize that 
cost was important and we should not cut it and we get back. So it's a constant work. 
Akhilesh P: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Akhilesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manjeet from Solidarity Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 

           4, 2021 
18 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2025 
Manjeet: 
Rahul, my question was just answered. Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. Thanks, Manjeet. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, we will conclude this conference 
call. On behalf of Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
      
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not an exact verbatim 
record of the proceedings.  
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
+91 080 6902 8721 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
“Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor,  
Doddakannalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road,  
Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.barbequenation.com 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” 
including, but without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other 
statements relating to barbeque Nation’s future business developments and economic performance. While 
these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the 
development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual 
developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited 
to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange 
and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of 
third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking 
statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
