       
                     
LTIM/SE/STAT/2025-26/14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
The BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on April 23, 2025 
 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on April 23, 2025.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTIMindtree Limited 
 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Angna 
Anish Arora
Digitally signed by 
Angna Anish Arora 
Date: 2025.04.28 
16:33:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“LTIMindtree Limited Q4 & FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Venu Lambu – Chief Executive Officer (Designate) 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – President, Global AI Services, Strategic Deals & Partnerships 
Mr. Vipul Chandra - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Vikas Jadhav – Head, Investor Relations 
 
 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to LTIMindtree Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav – Head Investor 
Relations, LTIMindtree. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks Rutuja. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to LTIMindtree’s Q4 
FY’25 earnings conference call. 
Today on the call we have with us 
Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Mr. Venu Lambu – Chief Executive Officer, Designate 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – President, Global AI Services, Strategic Deals &    
Partnerships  
Mr. Vipul Chandra – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin by providing a brief overview of the Company's Q4 and FY’25 
performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A.  
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These statements 
consider the environment as we see today, and carry risks and uncertainties 
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in 
today's call. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements 
made on the call. 
I now turn the call over to DC for his opening remarks. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Vikas. Good evening, and good morning to everyone, and thank 
you for joining us today. 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
To start with, I am pleased to mention that on the Earnings Call today, we are 
joined by Venu Lambu, who has rejoined us as CEO Designate on 24th 
January. Venu has worked closely with me for over a decade in the past. Since 
joining, he has gained deeper insights into the Company's current operations 
and strategic planning. Venu will continue to focus on driving growth and 
enhancing stakeholder value. While I cover the performance highlights for 
FY’25, I would request Venu to provide his perspective on the business outlook 
later.  
In terms of yearly performance, FY’25 was a period of consolidation, 
characterized by growth in our key verticals, growth across top customers, 
large deals traction, and significant progress in AI-leveraged deals. Despite 
robust revenue growth in the first half of the year, momentum slowed in the 
second half due to macro uncertainties. Nonetheless, as a strategic partner, we 
maintained close relationships with our customers and supported them in their 
cost initiative programs, while further consolidating our position with them. 
Overall, we achieved constant currency revenue growth of 5% compared to 
4.2% in FY’24. Revenue totaled US$4.5 billion, reflecting a growth of 4.8% 
in U.S. dollar terms. 
The strategic alignments with our customers have resulted in a robust order 
inflow this year. We recorded a Q4 order inflow of US$1.6 billion, marking 
the second consecutive quarter with over US$1.5 billion in orders. The total 
order inflow for FY’25 stood at US$6 billion, representing a 6.1% year-on-
year increase. This exhibits our capability to continue to adjust our portfolio 
from a higher discretionary mix to longer-term efficiency-driven deals.  
Operating margins for the year stood at 14.5%, a decline of 120 basis points 
year-over-year.  
At the end of Q4 and FY’25, our total headcount stands at 84,307, reflecting a 
net year-over-year addition of 2,657 employees. Attrition remained stable at 
14.4%. 
Collaboration between academia and corporates is critical in times of 
technological transition. As a step towards this, we are excited to share that 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
LTIMindtree has partnered with the Indian Institute of Management, Mumbai 
to introduce the postgraduate program for executives in AI-led experience 
design. This year-long program is designed to equip professionals with cutting-
edge skills in customer experience design by leveraging the transformative 
capabilities of artificial intelligence. 
At LTIMindtree, we believe that true operational excellence is measured not 
only in metrics but also in the trust we build with our clients. I am delighted to 
share that our CSAT score improved to 5.98 in FY’25 from 5.85 in FY’24, well 
above the industry average.  
I am glad to see LTIMindtree being included in the “S&P Global Sustainability 
Yearbook 2025”. This inclusion marks the first time we have been featured in 
the S&P Sustainability Yearbook and reflects our ongoing commitment to 
sustainability and transparent practices.  
The ongoing AI-led technology transition is enabling us to capitalize on new 
opportunities across various industries. Let me take you through some of the 
key wins in Q4. 
A leading US Life Insurance Company has engaged us to enhance its quality 
processes using AI to improve the operating model, thereby advancing 
enterprise quality engineering maturity. This is a multi-year deal which will 
focus on enhancing quality engineering practices and leveraging AI to 
transform the operating model.  
We have been chosen by a global re-insurance group to enhance efficiency 
through an AIOps model as part of its end-to-end outsourcing deal. 
A leading digital Company in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia region has 
entrusted us with providing end-to-end operations services for their hybrid 
cloud security platform.  
We have been selected by a global Energy major to provide next-gen ERP 
support services across multiple functional and SaaS-based solutions.  
Our year-end deal pipeline continues to remain robust. 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
Next, I will discuss our Industry Verticals Performance: 
Our primary verticals, BFSI, Technology & Manufacturing, which accounted 
for approximately 80% of FY’25 revenues, experienced good growth this year.  
The Technology, Media & Communications vertical contributed 24.5% to 
FY’25 revenues and grew 8.7% year-over-year in U.S. dollar terms. We see 
continued momentum in this sector.  
Our largest vertical, BFSI, which contributed 36.1% to FY’25 revenues, grew 
4.6% year-over-year. Client priorities continue to revolve around regulatory 
commitment and data transformation for better reporting and decisions. During 
the year, we closed several large deals in this vertical, primarily focused on 
cost optimization, vendor consolidation and tech modernization. 
The Manufacturing & Resources vertical, which contributed 19% of FY’25 
revenues, grew 7.2% year-over-year, aided by the large deals we signed earlier 
this year. Demand was driven by vendor consolidation, ERP transformation 
and managed services deals. 
Our Consumer business, which consists of Retail, CPG, Travel, Transportation 
and Hospitality businesses, showed flat growth year-over-year in constant 
currency terms. Retail and CPG witnessed growth during the year, while the 
TTH portfolio had a couple of client-specific slowdowns.  
Our Health, Life Sciences & Public Services business, our smallest vertical, 
declined by 3% year-over-year. The decline primarily came from the 
Healthcare business.  
In terms of geographies, North America grew by 7.1%, Europe declined by 
1.2%, and the rest of the world declined by 1.7% in FY’25.  
I will now turn over the call to Vipul for the financial highlights. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you DC. Hello everyone and thank you for joining the call. 
Let me take you through the financial highlights for the 4th Quarter and 
financial year 2025, starting with the revenue numbers. 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
We ended the fiscal year 2025 with revenue of US$4.5 billion, registering a 
growth of 4.8% in dollar terms and 5% in constant currency terms. The EBIT 
margin for FY’25 was 14.5% compared to 15.7% in FY’24. The PAT margin 
was 12.1% compared to 12.9% in FY’24, while the absolute PAT for the full 
year was INR 4,602 crores, an increase of 0.4% over FY’24. 
Cash generation for the year continued to drive the strength of our balance 
sheet, with operating cash flow to PAT at 98.8% and free cash flow to PAT at 
78.5% for the full year.  
We closed the year with an all-time high Cash and Investment balance of 
US$1.56 billion or INR 13,346 crores compared to INR 12,488 crores in Q3 
FY’25.  
Return on Equity was at 21.5%.  
For the 4th Quarter of FY’25, our revenues stood at US$1.13 billion, up 5.8% 
year over year in USD terms. The corresponding constant currency growth was 
6.3% year over year. Sequentially, revenue declined by 0.7% in dollar terms 
and by 0.6% in constant currency.  
EBIT margins for Q4 were flat at 13.8% compared to Q3. Despite the 
sequential revenue decline, we were able to maintain margins due to improved 
operational efficiencies.  
PAT margin for the quarter was at 11.5% as compared to 11.2% in Q3 FY’25. 
Basic EPS was INR 38.1 for the quarter as compared to INR 36.7 in Q3 FY’25.  
The effective tax rate for the quarter remained stable at 26.2%.  
We remain committed to reducing our day's sales outstanding as evidenced by 
the improvement in total DSO, which reduced by 1 day, bringing it to 79 days 
for Q4 versus Q3. 
As of March 31, 2025, our cash flow hedges stood at US$3,618 million, and 
hedges on the balance sheet were US$259 million. Corresponding numbers for 
Euro hedges stand at €145 million and €28 million respectively.  

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Our utilization excluding trainees in the quarter came in at 85.8% compared to 
85.4% last quarter. Our attrition continues to be stable. For the quarter, our 
TTM attrition was 14.4% compared to 14.3% last quarter. We onboarded over 
4,700 freshers during the year, which is another step on our pyramid correction 
journey. 
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR 45 per share, 
subject to shareholders' approval, taking our overall dividend for the full 
financial year to INR 65 per share. 
Our commitment to sustainability remains steadfast. Let me outline some of 
our accomplishments on this front: 
I am pleased to announce that LTIMindtree received the “India Green Award 
2025” for demonstrating Best Practices and Achievements in Sustainability 
Reporting. 
LTIMindtree was also awarded the prestigious Zero Waste to Landfill 
Certification for 2 of our Mumbai offices in Powai and Mahape.  
We proudly stand as the only Platinum Award winner in the “Sustainability 
Report Category” within the Technology IT Services sector. This achievement 
underscores our leadership in sustainable practices within our industry. 
LTIMindtree attained the Global Leadership League in CDP Climate Change 
2024 for the fifth year in a row.  
I am also pleased to report that Crisil has reaffirmed its rating on the Company's 
bank facilities as Crisil AAA / Stable and Short Term facilities as Crisil A1+. 
I would now like to invite Venu to share his thoughts. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vipul. I am very excited to rejoin LTIMindtree. The transition has 
proceeded smoothly, and it has been a rewarding experience collaborating with 
DC once again. Over the past 90 days since my rejoining, I have travelled 
extensively to various locations, engaging with both employees and customers. 
I have participated in over 100 meetings involving customers, industry experts, 
partners and investors. These engagements across stakeholders over the past 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
90 days have been quite reassuring and reinforced my commitment to value 
creation at LTIMindtree. 
The recent macro uncertainties will take their own course. Over the past two 
decades, we have faced various challenges and emerged stronger each time. 
We see the current phase of technological transition and macro issues as 
another opportunity and are confident in our ability to thrive. 
I would like to outline 3 key initiatives that we have prioritized as we move 
into FY’26: 
The first initiative is sales transformation. This centers around simplifying the 
service line sales structure, strengthening leadership in high potential 
businesses, reimagining value creation with our partners and customers, and 
exploring new sales models in the AI economy, targeting a larger portion of 
clients' cost base than just IT.  
As we move into this AI driven economy, clients are increasingly seeking 
multi-service, multi-delivery and multi-geographical 
solutions. This 
significant shift in demand necessitates the development of an innovative 
playbook, prompting us to revamp our large deal organization. The framework 
for this organization in the context of AI differs significantly from the 
traditional methods. It focusses on the proactive integration of new age 
technologies into clients' IT system as well as our own service delivery 
processes.  
To boost our scalability in this evolving landscape, we have devised a robust 
go-to-market strategy, spearheaded by Nachiket Deshpande, President of 
Global AI Services, Strategic Deals and Partnerships. Nachiket will now be 
based in the U.S. and his experience across the value chain will help in 
delivering integrated solutions that resonate deeply with clients' evolving 
needs. 
While the first two initiatives focus on revenue maximization, the third 
initiative, “Fit4Future,” primarily aims at enhancing agility and profitability. It 
involves a complete re-baselining of operational costs – both direct and 
indirect. The goal is to relook at existing team structures and alignments, 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
processes, and reshape them towards reducing extra layers, leading to agility 
and operational efficiency with innovative use of AI. The program will target 
productivity improvements in all areas, like sales, delivery, and business 
enabling units, maintaining an optimal and efficient bench process, optimizing 
span of control, etc., and should start yielding results through margin 
improvements during the year. 
In conclusion, we are confident about navigating the macro challenges as we 
move into executing our growth plan for FY’26, and we expect our Fit4Future 
Program to help improve the margins from Q1 onwards. 
With that, let me now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead.  
Sulabh Govila: 
My perspective is from an organization point of view, the changes that you 
highlighted, would you say that these changes have already been in place, 
especially with respect to people? Or you think that it is something that will 
take some time to play out?  
And secondly, within that, the areas that you mentioned about sales 
transformation as well as targeting margins, what among these could be some 
of the quick wins that you will target in the first year? And what could be some 
of the longer areas that you will pursue?  
Venu Lambu: 
Sulabh, on the first part, the organization structure is final. The organization 
that was in place, we are just strengthening that, improvising in the areas where 
we need to do it. But the focus is to continue and accelerate the momentum. 
That's number one.  
The second thing, the areas that I spoke of with regard to the Fit4Future 
program, some of these initiatives are already running as I entered into the 
organization. It's just that I brought it under one overarching umbrella and one 
overarching program and driving it with governance and focus. So it's 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
something which was already in work-in-progress. So it's not something that 
we have started in fresh. It's just that it got extra focus and extra rigor. 
Vipul Chandra: 
It got expanded a bit in the last quarter. 
Venu Lambu: 
Okay, which ones will give results with regard to the second part of the 
question? On the sales transformation. Our expectation is that both should start 
giving good results. Sales transformation is not about overhauling the sales 
structure. It's about getting better at what we are doing. There is a chance to 
improvise our playbook as the client expectation changes. And that's what we 
are focusing on.  
So the word transformation may look like a big thing, but you should read it as 
an improvisation from the overall sales effectiveness standpoint. And we are 
confident to start getting some quick-end results on both these initiatives.  
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. Thanks for that comprehensive answer.  
The second is the outlook on the top 2 clients that we have, given that, 
especially on the Hi-Tech clients, should we expect the productivity benefit 
pass-on phase to be over? And one should expect this client to grow this year. 
And in the banking client, given the changes that client is pursuing internally, 
what areas would you think are relatively protected and what could be at risk?  
Venu Lambu: 
On the first part, on the productivity part, as DC would have briefed in Q3, 
that's been factored already in Q3 and Q4 quarter. So that's the end of the 
initiative we are driving, and we are happy that we successfully delivered those 
benefits to our customers. So that's sort of a closed topic in that regard. It's a 
customer where we had a relationship over many years and we will continue 
to work with them in developing new capabilities and areas to grow. 
The second one is you asked a question with regard to the banking. I don't want 
to comment on client-specific news that you're talking about, but I can only 
say that we continue to see increased opportunities in our clients, across all the 
top clients that we are engaged with. So I don't see any immediate risk on that. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood, understood. And last one from me with respect to the current 
demand environment and visibility that you have, so the macro uncertainty 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
that's been playing out over the past few weeks, would you say that, that has 
had some impact in the month of March, and that's continuing in April, or 
you've not seen anything like that in the past few weeks?  
Venu Lambu: 
I will comment and then DC can add anything extra on that. I think, the 
uncertainty that was there in Q4, I don't think it has disappeared as we step into 
Q1, right? So it still persists in various forms and shapes. So that's one part of 
the answer with regard to where the uncertainty lies. 
The second is where do we see the demand outlook coming from the client? I 
would say it's predominantly coming from the 3 areas. Even the clients are 
navigating the same uncertainty that we are navigating. So they are looking for 
opportunity to save cost. So there are opportunities where we can help 
customers in cost-saving opportunities. 
The second is, this is also an opportunity for our clients to actually simplify 
their vendor landscape. So there is a huge vendor consolidation demand out 
there. So it's an opportunity for us to be competitive and get a bigger share of 
that. 
And the third is that as most of our clients navigate to the AI economy, they 
need to modernize their tech as well. Especially if you want to pivot and scale 
at AI, it requires tech modernization. So these are the 3 set of archetypes of 
demand that we see, which are pretty much contextual to the uncertainties that 
even our clients navigating it. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. Thanks for taking my question, and all the best for this financial 
year.  
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you Sulabh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from 
Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I had a few questions. So Venu welcome 
back home. From the time you left LTIMindtree to the time you rejoined, and 
the last 3 months you've spent in the company, what are the areas you think 
have changed where there's a need for immediate attention? And what are some 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
of the areas where you think things have improved since the time you left? The 
background of this question is some of the expectations what investors had in 
terms of growth being A plus B after the merger has not really played out. So, 
if you can answer this…. 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, firstly, Abhishek, thanks for welcoming me back. To be honest, I don't 
think it's fair for me to analyse that way, because I was there only 1 month after 
the merger. So it's very difficult for me to have a reference point and do that. 
But we also need to understand, I am sure you appreciate that the market we 
were talking 2 years or even 3 years back was completely different from the 
market that we talk today. The client expectations have changed and their 
spend areas have changed. And coupled with that, even the technology 
advancement. The kind of AI conversation we could have had 2 or 3 years back 
versus today has fundamentally changed. 
So that's on how I look at it from an external standpoint. But, from an internal 
standpoint, it's the same organization. I have a very talented team and great 
leadership, and we are all passionate and determined to deliver the growth. So 
at least on that aspect, I can assure you there's nothing that I've seen a different 
change. If not anything, probably I would have seen more hunger and more 
passion to deliver growth. Thanks to DC for that. 
Did I answer your question, Abhishek?  
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Yes, partly, I think maybe in coming quarters you will have little more clarity 
on the strategy and how it has played out. I appreciate it has just been a few 
months ago.  
The second question is on the headcount number, this quarter we had a very 
sharp headcount reduction. So maybe if you could guide us how one should 
think about the linkage within your expectation on growth and headcount 
addition going forward.  
Nachiket Deshpande: Yes. So this quarter, if you see the reason for a sharp decline in the headcount, 
it should be seen in the context of Q2 and Q3 where we had built aggressive 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
headcount increase in the anticipation for growth. And we worked on 
deploying that in Q4. And hence you see the net headcount reduction. 
But going forward as the AI-led productivity starts to play out, Abhishek, we 
would expect that the headcount growth may not be linear with the revenue 
growth that we see. So there would continue to be that play as we go along, 
and as the AI adoption increases across our services. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Got it. Thank you for that, Nachiket. And my last question is, should we expect 
the usual seasonality for you to play out even in FY’26, basis the order book 
closure and the pipeline what you have? Or is it slightly different this time 
given the macro world play?  
Venu Lambu: 
Well, the seasonality variation that you see in our quarters from last year, I 
think in my view it will be more or less the same, right. If at all there is anything 
that we can add on top of it is our ability to respond to the clients' new types of 
demands and helping them in all the 3 areas that I mentioned. So we need to 
see how that gets played out, and also how long this uncertainty environment 
stays throughout the year. So those are the 2 variables outside, I would say.  
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Got it. Thank you, Venu, and all the best. And DC, thank you for your time in 
the Company.  
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Abhishek.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. You spoke about the client-specific issue in 
terms of both Hi-Tech as well as in BFSI. Apart from that, is there any other 
client-specific issue, especially in a vertical like Insurance or in Travel, 
Transportation & Hospitality where vendor consolidation, we may win some, 
we may lose some? 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, firstly, Sandeep, I don't think I spoke about any issue as such. If at all, I 
actually gave an assurance that the productivity part of our top client that we 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
have executed successfully. So, we don’t see that flowing into the Q1. That is 
point one. And the second, was with regard to the banking client, where my 
commentary was more about how we continue to see opportunities with our 
clients as we go along. So not sure if I missed the context but there are no 
specific issues that I highlighted. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So outside of these two, what I wanted to know is, is there any top client-
specific issue in travel as well as in terms of Insurance because of California 
fire and exposure of some of our clients more towards California? 
Venu Lambu: 
With regard to your questions on Insurance and Travel, look, I think Travel, as 
we called out, there are a couple of client-specific instances that had an impact 
on the FY'25 numbers. And these are the clients that are actually planning new 
initiatives. At least I could sort of say that in the near future, there are no other 
new impact on those clients and that was already taken care in FY'25. In terms 
of the further demand outlook from those clients, we have to just wait and 
watch for a couple of quarters. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just a strategic question, Venu, when you are joining back the 
company, there has been a dual problem in terms of growth being lower versus 
what it used to be LTI Mindtree versus peers and second, margins are also at a 
very low level despite some of the levers have been juiced out in the last 3 to 
4 years. If you look at gross margin, it is at all-time low and is one of the lowest 
in the industry. So in terms of focus, do you believe driving both the initiative 
concurrently could be a difficult job and you might have compromised one for 
the other? What is your strategy in regards to this? And second, as a 
clarification in terms of service line transformation, so is it one can understand 
the GTM model may change from vertical focus to service line focus? 
Venu Lambu: 
No, firstly, let me clarify that part. No, it doesn't mean that. What it means is 
that the clients are consuming service capabilities in a different way these days. 
It's no more consuming a part of one service line or anything. Most of the 
construct, whether it's the Tech Modernization, cost saving, or the AI kind of 
a niche, involves more than one service line. So when I spoke about 
simplifying, it's about making sure that we become more agile and become 
more competitive in the way we address the market with regard to the service 
line sales capability. That's the first part of it. And the second thing is that with 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
regard to playing on both the tracks of revenue and margin, I think it's 
something we have the capability. It's not the first time we would have 
addressed these challenges, right? So we have all the capabilities, and we have 
the teams who can navigate both. And our endeavor is actually to drive 
profitable growth. So hence we need to get both. I don't think you can get profit 
by just cutting the cost. So you need the revenue and the volume as well. So it 
goes both hand in hand. I know it always looks challenging, but I think that's 
where we have a great leadership team in place to deliver that. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks. Congratulations, Venu and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations Venu for rejoining 
LTIMindtree. So my question was with regards to the commentary that was 
provided post your third quarter results, where you were quite optimistic about 
sustaining the growth momentum driven by a combination of factors. If you 
can talk about where were you negatively surprised in terms of verticals with 
the way how Q4 panned out? And the second question is with regards to the 
Sales transformation that you're talking about, you've seen a number of exits 
in the organization in the course of recent months. Could you talk about how 
you're looking to backfill some of these positions and the likely time 
constraints? Thank you. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Manik, the way to look at it is that we had strong growth in Q2 and we also 
saw good order inflow in Q3, which kind of made us believe that the volumes 
are going to coming for which there will be good growth in terms of Q4. But 
obviously, multiple factors, mostly macros as you are aware of, which kind of 
played a role in terms of two aspects. One is many of the deals that we closed 
which were supposed to start, they did not start in the same way. The ramp ups 
were delayed. And secondly, some of the deals which were expected to close 
in Q4, they also got carried forward into the next quarter. So these are some of 
the factors that did not play out the way we had anticipated. That is why if you 
look at the intake for Q2 and Q3, the intakes were high, but we could not really 
ramp up the way we wanted. But of course, the good news is that some of those 
deals will get closed in this quarter, so you will hear about it as we go along. 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
But otherwise, I mean that is why the growth momentum could not continue 
though we had anticipated. And on the Sales transformation, let me hand it 
over to Venu. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, DC. I think on the Sales transformation, as I mentioned, it is more 
about getting a better version of ourselves in the context of the new playbook 
or in the new AI economy. We already have a great sales team, and we have a 
very effective way of managing our client relationship. And we are sort of 
infusing with the new playbook that is needed in the context of AI economy. 
So that's how I look at the Sales transformation. Our industry leadership is 
constant and is steady. So there's been no exits in that part of the organization 
and one or two exits that we had, we have backfilled it very successfully. The 
growth office, we have consolidated under one leader now. We have a global 
Chief Growth Officer, and we also integrated the vertical delivery as well under 
one single Chief Delivery Officer. So I don't think we have any risk with regard 
to the exit. In fact, we have a good interest for the leadership inclusion as we 
start growing as well. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure, if I can chip in with one more question. This question was for Vipul. With 
regards to our Fit4Future program, we are talking about some of the easy wins 
come through very quickly in FY'26. If I look at your cost split up over the 
course of FY'25, we've seen our non-manpower expenses come off 
meaningfully over the course of last couple of quarters. If you can talk about 
what exactly has driven some of those efficiencies and how should we be 
thinking about these expenses on a go-forward basis? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So I think as we said that under Fit4Future program, we are targeting agility 
and cost optimization. There are many tracks in that program that we are 
simultaneously focusing on. So some of the tracks which have started yielding 
results are in terms of the overhead side, which you have seen and you yourself 
commented on in the SG&A side. Some of the other initiatives which are going 
to start playing out will be in the manpower cost area also as we address the 
span of control and also the optimization and driving the efficiencies in the 
workforce management process and the talent process. And as we are adopting 
AI more and more, we have already said that the increase in headcount versus 
revenue may not be linear going forward. So I think all of these levers playing 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
together is what we are looking at. Some of them have already been in place. 
Some of them will start kicking in further now. 
Manik Taneja: 
Any targets or any timelines that you are giving to the margin improvement 
aspiration? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Manik, as you know, we don't give a guidance per se for the future. But I think 
in terms of the timelines or impact, that will be visible through the quarters in 
FY'26 as we go along. 
Venu Lambu: 
It's a journey which will start getting visible from Q1 onwards. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure, thank you all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Venu, I had a question on the strategy that you 
mentioned about the various initiatives that you are taking in terms of a Chief 
Growth Officer and the revitalization of the employee workforce. So is there 
any target in our mind, a North Star maybe, that we want to basically achieve 
this kind of growth if not numerical in absolute terms, in terms of relative to 
peers or industry, similarly on the margins front. So are there any targets that 
you're looking at? If you can't share them with us at this point of time, is there 
a timeline that we are looking to share that, okay, this is what we aspire to be 
in X years of time or whatever that timeframe will be? 
Venu Lambu: 
Look I think in the short term, it's about getting the growth in the first quarter, 
which I feel we are reasonably confident of achieving that. And in the medium 
term for the full year, I would not comment on any specifics, but I think I will 
live up to the spirit that DC has been advocating over the years of industry 
leading growth. I think that's what our endeavor will be to achieve that. But as 
I said, in the short term on Q1, I think we are reasonably confident of getting 
the growth. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Also just a couple of questions on the outlook and just specifically on 
the Q4. I mean, we've heard a lot of our peers talk about the heightened level 
of uncertainty in the Manufacturing and Retail vertical. These two are key 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
verticals for us and of course there is the impact of the uncertainties mainly 
because of the tariffs. Is that also what is kind of reflecting in our conversations 
with them or there is nothing as of now that has come up with them? And your 
outlook for these specific verticals, let's say, in the near to medium term? 
Venu Lambu: 
You can't generalize it across the sector because it depends on where the 
client's operations are, where the supply chain is, where do they sell and so on. 
So it becomes very difficult to generalize it, but I can tell you how our demand 
is looking of these two sectors, right. In Manufacturing, I would sort of phrase 
it as steady and growth oriented in the short term. In Retail, we have very 
exciting conversation going on on some of the strategic deals and strategic 
engagement. There is no material request that has come to us at the back of the 
tariff changes, but the fact about discretionary spend is that it still remains the 
same as what it was in the previous quarters, and clients are adopting wait and 
watch, but the three areas that I called out in the beginning about cost saving, 
vendor consolidation, tech modernization initiatives, across these three areas, 
specifically these two sectors, I would rephrase the way I said it, steady and 
growth in Manufacturing, Retail, some couple of exciting engagements that we 
have under discussion. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one last bookkeeping question. The Healthcare vertical, though it's a small 
one for us, saw a very sharp decline in this quarter, both on a Q-on-Q and Y-
on-Y basis. We almost lost US$10 million of revenue on a quarterly run rate 
basis in this quarter. Any specific thing to call out, any client-specific issue 
which might reverse in the coming quarters, or anything on that will be great? 
Debashis Chatterjee : No, I think there is no client-specific issue per se. Most of the business in 
Healthcare and Public services is project-based. And there are these project-
based business-related cyclical impacts in the public services. That's all about 
it. I mean, there is definitely no customer specific issue. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Could it be a DOGE impact that the government of US is leading the initiative? 
Debashis Chatterjee : Most of the work we do in Public Services are in all India, so there is no impact 
like that. There is no DOGE impact. 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much. Thanks for taking my questions and wish you all 
the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi, good evening and congratulations, Venu, on your new role. My question is 
it's a difficult environment to execute transformations of any company. Any 
macro that you have kept in mind or how contingent is your transformation 
program on the macro? Have you baked in similar macro, any deterioration? 
Or in other words, what can derail the transformation strategy or delay this? 
Venu Lambu: 
Firstly I just want to re-baseline or contextualize the transformation question 
that you said. The way I look at it is the very fact that I've come back to an 
organization which is familiar to me, right? I know the people, of course I 
worked with DC for many years, and Nachiket, and other leaders for quite a 
few years. So we are looking at ourselves as how do we get better with our own 
version? You know, I call it as can we become a better version of ourselves? 
So transformation may look like a very heavy lifting multi-year theme kind of 
a narrative, that is not what we are at it. What we are at, is identifying specific 
areas where we can get better. Fit4Future is, for example, is one area. I think 
there is an opportunity for us, we can get better at the cost, right? And we need 
to get better at the cost, again, because of the macro uncertainty and also 
because an opportunity that AI has given us to re-baseline certain element of 
cost. So we are bringing all that under one umbrella called Fit4Future. So that's 
a very specific thing, not related to the external environment, hugely in our 
control to deliver that. The second thing is that with regard to the sales 
transformation that I spoke of, again, it's about how do we ensure that we give 
newer playbook to our sales leadership? How do we give new sales capabilities 
to our sales organization? And that's not a one-time affair. That's an ongoing 
thing, we just kicked it off and it will go on throughout the year and beyond. 
Again, that is pretty much in our control, right? So there's only one thing which 
is outside of our control is the demand outlook. And that is not included as part 
of transformation. So that's why I would sum it up, that the things that we are 
focusing on to get into a profitable growth curve is, all lot in control, minus the 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
macro uncertainty, both in terms of how long it will remain and in what shape 
it takes. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Understood. My second question is on the growth outlook for FY'26. DC said 
roughly 6% of TCV growth this year. At the same time, there is a shift from 
discretionary spend to longer tenure deals or cost takeout deals which are 
longer tenure. And then we have probably the full year impact of productivity 
pass back coming in FY'26. So fair to assume that the growth could be lower 
than 6% or just in terms of whether FY'26 could be similar, better, worse 
compared to FY'25, that would be helpful? Thank you so much. 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, I don't want to give very specific range or something because we don't 
give those guidance. But I can only tell you that order booking momentum will 
continue. It'll only go up from the last year. And as I did indicate, we are at the 
very interesting and exciting phase of conversation with a couple of large 
clients in the Retail sectors. And so we'll have a couple of large deals update 
that we may share with you in due course. At the moment, I am very optimistic 
that the order book will be higher than last year. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay, great. Thank you and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from 
Carnelian Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, thanks for giving the opportunity. And congratulations to Venu on joining 
back. Largely wanted to understand on the margin impact, which has been 
there over the last 7-8 quarters, the hit is largely coming from gross margins. 
Now, I mean utilization has remained largely flat. Onsite-offshore ratio has 
remained in that range of 14%, 15% which essentially means that either there 
is a pyramid has gone bad over the last eight quarters or there is a pricing reset 
itself, there is a margin reset itself which has happened in the business. So can 
you throw some light what is causing this margin impact? Is it the pyramid 
getting really bad or is it the new pricing itself getting adjusted? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So in terms of the margin, having deteriorated over the last few quarters, I think 
in quarter three also we had called out that the impact of wage hike which we 
had implemented from 1st October had kind of affected the margins in Q3 and 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
the impact of that has continued in Q4. At the same time, we had started 
initiatives on margin improvement and which we talked about earlier. So in 
spite of the revenue growth not coming through in Q4, we have managed to 
maintain our margins. So I think we can say that we have bent the cost curve 
by taking some initiatives. Yes, pyramid correction is one of the levers that we 
are focusing on and we have been focusing on. Span of control is another lever 
that I talked about. So there are multiple levers that are being focused upon as 
a part of our Fit4Future program. And we are confident that they will start 
showing impact from Q1 onwards. But it is a journey, and we will have to 
undertake that journey over the next few quarters. 
Mihir Manohar: 
With respect to the large Hi-Tech client, is there a pricing reset which has 
impacted margin? 
Venu Lambu : 
There is no pricing reset that has happened. 
Vipul Chandra: 
It was productivity pass back as we had called out in Q3 and that is what it 
was. As we had said in our Q3 earnings call also, it had not affected the margins 
of our segment. So there is no pricing reset. It is a productivity pass back which 
we have done and successfully delivered. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And my second question was on the deal wins side, as two quarters of good 
deal wins. I mean, I understand the situation is a dynamic situation. When 
should one expect these deals to see some impact on the revenue side? And 
specifically, if you can highlight, how is AI helping us over here in getting 
deals that will be really helpful? 
Venu Lambu: 
I think we spoke about delivering growth in Q1. So part of it should get 
reflected in Q1. And also spoke about sharing further update on couple of 
strategic deals pursuit that we are in which is what we would share in the due 
course, so that will start reflecting from Q2 onwards. So that is what I would 
say. Vipul, anything further you want to add? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Nothing. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, that is it from my side. Thank you. 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP 
Paribas, please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question and welcome back, 
Venu. My first question was to better understand the growth trend during this 
quarter. So when we entered this quarter, we were expecting the growth 
momentum to continue. And through the quarter, as you spoke that some of 
the deals didn't close and the ramp up got slowed down, the impact seems to 
be about 2.5% point, which is higher than what your peers have seen the impact 
in the quarter. Actually, many of the peers have spoken that they haven't seen 
any impact. And going into the quarter, you were building a headcount as well, 
expecting that growth to play out. So first part of the question is that what 
resulted into the impact in your business to be higher than peers, because you 
also spoke about that Manufacturing and Retail where you are over indexed, 
you haven't seen the material impact to be there. So what exactly is it that 
resulted into your growth being impacted more than peers? And now as we are 
entering into the first quarter, your headcount is much lower while you are 
confident of growth. So what essentially is driving that confidence going into 
the first quarter that you will be able to deliver growth? 
Debashis Chatterjee: So let me take the first part. So we remember when we had our earnings last 
quarter, we had very clearly called out about the fact that we have to pass on 
some productivity benefits from one specific account and it exactly played out 
the way we had anticipated. And the good news is that we have completed that 
exercise in Q4, so there is no overhang of that in the next quarter. Having said 
that, we also expected the volumes to increase in the other parts of our business. 
And that is what I elaborated in my earlier answer, that though we signed a lot 
of orders, the order book was very healthy, but the ramp ups did not happen 
the way we had anticipated. And predominantly, factor could be the macro 
situation, that's one. And some of the deals that we should have closed in Q4, 
they are getting shifted to Q1. So overall, the long story short is that the ramp 
ups did not happen, the volumes did not come the way we had expected, though 
we had, in anticipation of that, we were well prepared. And that's 
predominantly the reason why we did not meet the expectations that we had 
said. But having said that, as Venu articulated, we are very confident that as 
we get into the next quarter, you know, the two things will happen. One is we 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
will be definitely able to talk about a few new deals and second thing is we are 
very confident of the growth coming back. So Venu, you want to answer the 
second question? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, I think some of the deferment that we spoke about or some of the decisions 
that got slightly deferred is also one of the reasons why we will start seeing 
that coming up in Q1. But I think if you look at it in Q4, the way I see it from 
the market standpoint is, most of the clients were sort of a wait and watch mode 
in JFM (Q4FY25) quarter. I think in the coming quarter, at least the 
conversations have started happening. Yes, they are cautious, they are waiting 
and watching on some big decisions, but things are not stand still. So there are 
still opportunities in the areas that I highlighted earlier, and these conversations 
are happening. I think the JFM was a quarter where a lot happened within the 
short period of time. So it was, I think, probably too much for our clients as 
well to sort of comprehend and then act on it. But I think now, I am not saying 
things are getting clearer, but as the things continue to remain as it was before, 
I think it's an opportunity for people to start finding a way to start doing 
business, specifically in those three areas. And we see the continued traction 
of those three areas. That's why I am confident about getting back to growth in 
Q1. And also I highlighted a couple of large deals where if I may take a risk of 
saying we are favorably positioned, which we will announce in the due course, 
and those large deals are also the reason that I am confident of Q1. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Just a clarification on those comments. So you spoke about volume took a hit 
in this quarter. So the revenue decline that we are looking at, the volume 
decline was similarly lower in the quarter? 
Venu Lambu: 
Sorry, which one are you referring to? 
Kumar Rakesh: 
The sequential revenue decline that we have seen in constant currency basis, 
your volume also had a similar decline in the quarter. 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, it was more or less the same. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Understood. And my second question was, in the past, you have, although not 
given guidance, but you have been quite confident about talking about that the 
company's growth would be peer leading growth. Are we confident enough to 

 
Q4FY25 Earnings Call 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
at least speak about that for FY'26 that we should be able to match or lead the 
peer growth or the uncertainty is too high to make that comment at this stage? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, look, in the given situation, I will take it 1 or 2 quarters at a time before 
sitting here and giving the full year commentary. So that is why we have been 
consistent in this call that do we see a growth coming back in Q1, absolutely 
yes. We will see that coming back. Do we see margins getting better in Q1? 
Yes, we see the margin getting better in Q1. But as we get more and more 
clarity and both with our clients and outside involvement, I think we can 
extend, we can give a further extended commentary beyond couple of quarters. 
At the moment, that is probably where I would stop. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Makes sense. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. On behalf of 
LTIMindtree, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking statements. 
These statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results 
to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to 
revise or update any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on 
behalf of the Company. 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vikas Jadhav, Head of Investor Relations  
Email: Vikas.Jadhav2@ltimindtree.com  
 
