 
 
 
26th May, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Wednesday, 21st May, 2025 to discuss Q4 & FY25 Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI 
MAKWANA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI MAKWANA 
Date: 2025.05.26 14:08:52 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited  
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind SmartSpaces 
Limited Q4 FY '25 Post Results Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Sharma from Adfactors PR. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Sharma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on 
the Q4 and FY '25 results conference call of Arvind SmartSpaces 
Limited. We have with us today on the call Mr. Kamal Singal, Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. 
Mitanshu Shah, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Prakash Makwana, 
Company Secretary; and Mr. Vikram Rajput, Head, Investor Relations. 
Please note that a copy of the disclosures is available on the Investors 
section of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, as well as on the 
stock exchanges. Please do note that anything said on this call that 
reflects the outlook towards the future, which would be construed as a 
forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the 
risk that the company possesses. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Kamal Singal for his 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to everyone 
present on this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the 
operating and financial performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the 
fourth quarter and full year ended March 31st 2025.  
Let me share brief thoughts on the sector.  
India’s real estate sector is being catalysed by a growing appetite for 
home ownership. The distinctive and consistent feature of India’s real 
estate market uptrend is premiumization, a steady rise in average ticket 
sizes and per sq. ft. realisations, and a clear shift in buyer preferences 
for larger, better-designed residences. With additional launches 
moderated, supply matched by demand, home inventory levels are at 
their lowest in the recent past.  
The Union Budget 2025-26 has further reinforced the structural theme 
around real estate, with a substantial allocation toward infrastructure and 
urban development. These investments are expected to improve 
connectivity and unlock new residential corridors. Complementing this, 
the RBI reported an ~11% year-on-year growth in home loan 
disbursements in 2024, with total credit reaching ~Rs. 29 lakh crore, 
largely driven by first time homebuyers, a segment that continues to gain 
strength. 
The enhanced sectorial buoyancy is creating a favourable environment 
for developers offering the right product in high potential micro-
markets. Within the sector, branded developers with strong balance 
sheets and design premiumisation competencies appear competently 
placed to address emerging opportunities. The competencies we 
aggregated during the last several years have matured; the opportunities 
in our business landscape appear larger than ever. The combination of 
the two, organisation competence and opportunity vastness, provides us 
with a multi-year performance visibility.  

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
As a company, we had another strong year with several key milestones 
achieved across bookings, collections, and business development. I am 
pleased to share that we achieved our highest ever annual sales 
bookings, reaching Rs. 1,271 crore, a 15% growth over the previous 
year. It’s encouraging to see how well our projects are received by 
homebuyers, especially in newer micro-markets. Projects like Aquacity 
and The Park have performed exceptionally well, contributing 67% to 
the total booking value for the year. Bengaluru continues to be a key 
growth driver, contributing Rs. 474 Cr, or 37% of our annual bookings. 
Our annual growth in bookings, while being the highest ever, was 
impacted by the delay of 2 of our launches in Bengaluru due to a delay 
in approvals. While these launches will add onto our numbers in FY26, 
these launches happening in Q4 FY 25 would have helped us maintain 
our growth trajectory of 25-30% in annual bookings.  
During Q4 FY25, we registered bookings of Rs. 381 crore, up 18% from 
Rs. 323 crore in the same quarter last year. A key highlight of the quarter 
was the launch of 200 units at ‘The Park’ in Devanahalli, Bengaluru. We 
are happy to report that the entire inventory was sold out during the 
launch, reflecting the strong demand and positive response from 
Bengaluru homebuyers for Brand Arvind.   
The company is being recognized as among the thought leaders in urban 
life quality; for developing ‘Designed to Inspire’ homes. Our customers 
have become our biggest marketing agents and this is evidenced by 
referral bookings number, which is at 22%. 
I am pleased to share that we sustained business development 
momentum during the year, securing projects with a total top line 
potential of ~Rs. 4,450 crore across key markets of Ahmedabad, 
Bengaluru, and the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR). In Q4 FY25, 
we signed a new residential plotted development project in Ahmedabad, 
spanning 150 acres, with a projected top line potential of ~Rs. 600 crore. 
Last two years reflect an orbital change in the Company’s Business 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Development numbers and we look forward to build on this momentum 
in line with our growth objectives. 
Now moving to the financial highlights. The size and scale of P&L has 
grown significantly during the year. During the full year we reported 
revenues of Rs. 713 crore a growth of 109% on a year on year basis. 
EBITDA for full year stood at Rs. 196 crore up by 130% and PAT stood 
at Rs. 119 crore a growth of 133%. In Q4 we reported a revenue of Rs. 
163 crore, which were up 39% year-on-year basis. Q4 EBITDA grew by 
57% on a year-on-year basis to Rs. 45 crore and PAT for the quarter 
grew 12% year-on-year basis to Rs. 22 crore. 
Our Balance Sheet remains strong, as we continue to scale our 
operations. As of 31st March 2025, our net debt stands at Rs. 27 crore. 
During the quarter operating cash flows amounted to Rs. 60 crore and 
Rs. 337 crore during the full year ended march. We estimate an 
unrealized operating cash flow exceeding Rs. 3,975 crore coming from 
the current pipeline of projects. This is expected to realise within 3-4 
years.  
As a company, the focus always remains on shareholder value creation 
and I am happy to share that the Board of Directors have recommended 
a final dividend of Rs. 6/- per equity share of face value of Rs. 10/- each.  
This marks three consecutive years of dividend distribution.  
Looking ahead, from a sectorial point of view, mortgage interest rates 
are likely to remain stable with a downward bias following a reduction 
in interest rates across the Indian economy. This is likely to catalyse the 
demand for homes addressing mid- to high income segments. In view of 
this and other factors, the sector is poised in the midst of a long-term 
upcycle, with structural drivers outweighing short-term fluctuations. We 
continue to remain optimistic about the demand environment and are 
well positioned to further deepen our presence in the key markets of 
Gujarat, Bengaluru and MMR. The company expects that its strategic 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
blueprint drawn around accelerated growth and enhanced liquidity will 
deliver strong outcomes in the coming year. 
With that, I will now conclude our opening remarks, and we can start the 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:             The first question is from the line of Amit Srivastava from B&K. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. One is to start with we have almost like 
unsold inventory of Rs. 1,400 crores plus and around Rs. 8,300 crores 
yet to be launched projects, which is in the pipeline. So can you give us 
some idea that what is the plan for the FY '26 to be launched in terms of 
the value and region wise? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, sure. So in the current year, we expect to launch projects worth Rs. 
4,000 crores as fresh launches. And this will broadly include Rs. 2,000 
crores coming from Bangalore, Rs. 1,000 crores each from MMR and 
Ahmedabad. 
Amit Srivastava: 
So this is incremental, sir, Rs. 1,450 crores is unsold, which will be 
there? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. So this will be additional launch, yes, over and above Rs. 1,500 
crores. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. Okay. And in terms of, sir, project-wise, if I just see that one of 
the projects like Forest Trails, we launched a year ago and which 
received very strong response. But after that, it was moving slow in 
terms of booking. But in Q4, we have seen a good jump in the projects. 
So can you elaborate on what has changed in that project? Have you 
launched any new phase of that? Or what has changed? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sarjapur Forest Trails. Okay. Great. So Sarjapur, we launched. Of 
course, we discussed last time as well that this was one of the projects 
which saw great traction initially and then sustaining sales has been 
comparatively slower as compared to the rest of the portfolio that we've 
had. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
But we have taken some steps and sales momentum is now looking to 
be coming back. In fact, there have been healthy sales which have 
happened in the last few weeks. Q4 actually has been pretty healthy. If 
you see the numbers and breakup, I think we sold more than INR140 
crores worth in Q4 itself in this project. So it has come back on very 
healthy tracks and things are moving. 
Amit Srivastava: 
So we have changed anything in this project or it is the demand has come 
back from the market automatic? 
Kamal Singal: 
A lot of this has to do with the actual progress on the site, kind of 
rejuvenation of the overall campaign and better explaining the overall 
value proposition, doing slightly better job of operations in terms of 
furnished sample house, etc. So it's not one thing that we can highlight 
in particular. 
But because we took this as a project in terms of improving sustained 
sales, I think multiplicity of various things and initiatives that we would 
have taken have resulted into this very significant momentum actually. 
I mean Rs. 140 crores in a quarter is pretty healthy in that sense. But no 
change in product per se. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. In terms of collection also, we have seen, again, this year, we have 
maintained a very good collection, which is if we look at from presales 
ratio, it is upward of 70% plus and which we are continuing since last 3, 
4 years. Can we expect this momentum to continue in the coming years 
for the next couple of years given our share of plotted and horizontal is 
still higher, and this will change after 2, 3 years down the line once the 
project will shift towards the vertical side of the project? 
Kamal Singal: 
You're absolutely right. The momentum right now continues and the 
ratio of cash collected to overall sales, etc, is very, very healthy. This is 
going to be sustaining for some time for sure. We remain heavy on 
horizontal and horizontals are also considered and kind of positioned in 
a way that a lot of cash upfronting is happening in our case, in our 
portfolio. So as compared to industry, this trend will continue, and we'll 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
still weigh heavy on horizontal and continue to weigh heavy as 
compared to industry averages. 
 
But having said, as we discussed last time as well, we will be moving 
more towards vertical going forward. To that extent and to that limited 
extent, some sort of moderation will come because that is a different 
business model that we are talking about. But yes, I mean, as such, it 
will continue and moderate slightly in the coming years as we take up 
more vertical within the portfolio. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. And last question, sir, how is the execution is progressing across 
key projects? And as the presales continue to scale up across the 
portfolio, so what are the steps we are taking to ensure execution keeps 
the pace, particularly in terms of construction ramp-up, contractors in 
terms of the delivery time line to maintain? 
Kamal Singal: 
Construction is moving very healthy. We completed construction at 
Belair, which is one of our biggest high-rise in Bangalore. So there, we 
received OC, etc, and now handovers are happening. Similarly, we've 
handed over a significant number of villas at Forreste, Ahmedabad, and 
we continue to do that. Similar is the case with Uplands. 
We have had some very good progress at Uplands 2 and 3. So all in all, 
execution is heading full steam. And we obviously are taking quite a few 
initiatives in augmenting our execution capabilities, which includes 
upgrading the scale and size of our contractors, beefing up the 
organization structure in general. 
 
Now there is a structure which is more city-centric and more 
empowerment and delegations have gone into local level management, 
etc. At the same time, overall bandwidth and systems are being 
upgraded. We've gone through a very interesting and very exciting 
program to upgrade our ops monitoring piece within the system, which 
is underway. We have done 70%, 80% of the job that we are supposed 
to be doing under that initiative. It's about to be concluded. But this is a 
combination of managerial IT and system support, etc. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
So all in all, I think on the quality of vendors, quality of systems, SOPs, 
controls, softwares, all this put together is something that makes us 
believe that we are preparing ourselves upfront in taking up newer and 
higher challenges on execution. And as we speak, we are in a pretty 
decent situation on execution across projects. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyansh Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Sir, first, any clarity on our Surat project when we plan to launch that, 
number one? Number two, in terms of our Mumbai project, which we 
had signed last year, can you give some highlights on how we would 
like to price it in terms of -- and even in terms of pricing as well as 
product launch since this will be our first project launch in Mumbai. So 
if you could provide any flavor on that? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So Surat, I think we discussed last time, last investors call that 
we've had that this project shifts by a couple of quarters. I think we are 
broadly at the same place. And we are hoping that we should be able to 
resolve everything which is involved in this case, a lot of approvals, 
large project, 300 acres, etc. It's taken more than anticipated. But I think 
what we communicated last stays as it is. A couple of quarters means by 
next quarter, we should be in a position to launch this project, and we 
are working towards that. 
 
Coming to Mumbai, yes, this is a very unique product we'll be bringing 
at the size and scale that City has seen very, very few times, if at all. 
Pricing and everything and details on that are still being worked out. 
Product has evolved already in a very significant way. Quite a few levers 
are already pressed on approvals, etc. Maybe we are midway already. 
And it's on track to be launched this year as such. So maybe by the start 
of next con call, we will be in a better position to tell you specifics on 
pricing, etc. 
 
But overall, the market has seen a very healthy trend. Whatever 
objectives we have set as a business plan while we acquired this project 
are all expected to be met and prices are only better than what you would 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
have otherwise assumed. So all in all, a good news and a good situation 
to be in as far as Mumbai entry is concerned. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it. Sure. Sir, and one more clarification. In the opening remarks, you 
said that probably we'll intend to launch Rs. 4,000-odd crores, of which 
Rs. 1,000-odd crores would be from Ahmedabad. So I'm presuming one 
would be Surat and it would be in phases. The second could be the 
plotted or the new projects which we signed in Q4 this year? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. So Gujarat in general will be -- when we say Ahmedabad, basically, 
we mean Gujarat, yes, of course. So this will be basically 3 projects. One 
is the new plotting that we acquired last quarter. And then we will have 
industrial projects getting launched this year and of course, Surat. So all 
these 3 put together will be in excess of Rs.1,000 crores to be launched. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. Sure. And sir, in terms of new BD this year, any 
guidance which you would like to provide? 
Kamal Singal: 
So last 2 years, we were like Rs. 4,000 crores last to last year, Rs. 4,450 
crores last -- I mean the year we just went by March '25. And this year 
should be more like Rs. 5,000 crores. We are in the process of investing 
now from here onwards, Rs. 1,000 more crores after having invested 
whatever we invested in last couple of projects. In fact, it was a heavy 
deployment year for us last year. We deployed significant money in 
projects like Mankol, the plotting that we just mentioned and also the 
industrial one. 
 
But having done that, we got Rs. 1,000 crores more in terms of fuel to 
invest. Including all that, our estimate is that we should be able to add 
around Rs. 5,000 crores thereabouts this year as well as new BD. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Sure. And sir, one last question from my side. In terms of our P&L 
reporting, this quarter, the employee cost as well as the other expenses 
seem to be on a higher side. So how should one read into it? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So this year has also been a year where we've invested significantly in 
terms of systems, processes, etc, to prepare ourselves for the higher bit 
of challenges and orbital change, which is coming our way. We've 
employed some of the top-notch consultants who are helping us define 
our objectives, define our org, define our SOPs, etc. So we've gone 
through a very, very elaborate exercise for the company as a whole. 
Those expenses have also kind of shown up in the numbers. From a 
small base, these numbers are not too insignificant and they are not 
significant as well, but they are reasonable. 
 
And hence, the expenses are looking a little higher than normal. 
Generally, the expenses are range bound, and they are as per what they 
should be and what we've been showing in the past, barring these 
exceptions of upfront investments into some of these very important 
assignments that we've taken up in the last couple of quarters. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it. So broadly speaking, 25% to 30% remains intact in terms of 
margins? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, margin, EBITDA level 25% is something that we always say, 
plus/minus 2% keeps happening from project to project and from period 
to period. But 25% is pretty much intact. And even these smaller 
aberrations that we just mentioned, they do impact a quarter because 
those expenses get bunched up in a particular quarter. But 25% on an 
average margin in the project portfolio that we have right now is 
absolutely on track. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: And congrats on very strong operating performance. So just one 
question, given our launch pipeline and the BD target, so what kind of 
presales number we are looking for next 2, 3 years in terms of growth 
on this Rs. 1,270 crores base? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So it's a great question to ask. We know that we should have done a little 
better on fresh sales if we had not missed our couple of launches, which 
have shifted into the coming quarters, this and the next one. That means 
that there will be some pent-up happening in the coming quarters and 
for this year as a whole. 
If we had launched these couple of things which are generally delayed 
on account of approvals, last year, we would have easily met our general 
impression of achieving something like 25% to 30% growth in the fresh 
sales, and that's what we have been achieving consistently the last 
several years. 
 
Now I mean, obviously, the BD pipeline, acquisition pipeline, etc, is 
pretty healthy. This pent-up will happen. And hence, we think that in a 
block of 2 to 3 years, we can count from previous year or this year or 
whatever way, we should be able to achieve and continue to achieve 
25% growth put together between the 2 years as such. 
Dhananjay Mishra: And which all projects or phases you expect this year definitely will be 
launched? 
Kamal Singal: 
So the launch pipeline per se is across all these 3 cities. We have, for 
example, Bannerghatta high-rise project, ITPL high-rise project, 
Orchards, a plotting project. We have a project in Bangalore on Sarjapur 
Road and Airport Road. All these are lined up to be launched in 
Bangalore. This totals up to around Rs. 2,000 crores and that too only 
for the phases that we'll be launching. We are not even counting the 
entire project per se. What we tell you is number of launches will be for 
the relevant phases only. So this is Bangalore. 
 
Gujarat, we just touched majorly 3 project launches, industrial, Mankol 
plotting in Surat adds up to Rs. 1,000-odd crores. And remember, 
obviously, Pen Khapoli, we've already announced. Pen Khapoli top line 
is more like a Rs. 1,500 crore project, but the phase should be half of 
that. So we add around Rs. 700 crores there. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
And we are hoping that at least one Society redevelopment should be 
getting into our portfolio very soon, extremely advanced stages of 
everything being done. We are waiting for one last milestone to be 
achieved. But otherwise, we are very close to announcing that project as 
well. So that should also get launched this year. So this is broadly the 
launch pipeline for the year, adding up to some like Rs. 4,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritvik Sheth from One Up 
Financial. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, a few questions from my end. Sir, firstly, is the confidence of the 
higher launches in current year due to the sharp increase in the 
investment that we have done in the current quarter? So is it heavy on 
the approvals that we have invested in Q4 FY '25? That is what is giving 
us more confidence to launch projects worth Rs. 4,000. 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I mean, it's a function of 2 things. One that we slipped on a couple 
of launches last year. So, obviously, they are getting added into this year. 
That is for sure happening. And obviously, after having delayed for the 
kind of time that they are delayed, I mean they will, in any case, happen. 
Plus, we have been acquiring quite a few projects. 
So if we announced Rs. 4,100 crores of BD last year, it has to start 
coming into the portfolio and launching, etc, this year. And that's what's 
happening. That's what is happening naturally. So it's a combination of 
very clear focus on approval, of course. We know that this is one area 
we need to be having very, very sharp focus on. But at the end of the 
day, whatever we acquired in terms of new projects last couple of years, 
almost like Rs. 8,000-plus crores put together have to start coming into 
the portfolio, and that's what is expected to happen. 
Just for your understanding, while the previous year and last year -- last 
year and previous to last year, we've acquired Rs. 8,500 crores of fresh 
BD. While we have kind of sold only Rs. 1,270 crores, say Rs. 1,300 
crores odd this year and launches are also not that big. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
So to assume that we'll be launching Rs. 4,000 crores out of Rs. 8,500 
crores that we just added last 2 years is a reasonable assumption with 
reasonable conservatism as well, so to say. So this is something which 
is a very natural progression of launches given the BD that we've done 
in the last few years, 2 years maybe. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sure. And sir, on BD, if you can just touch upon what kind of projects 
we are looking to acquire like in terms of horizontal, vertical and 
geography preference now that we are in 3 states. So geography-wise 
and horizontal vertical, if you could give some sense on that? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I mean, we've already stated that we will bring about a little more 
kind of rationalization into our product portfolio. So we will be investing 
a little heavier in vertical projects that gives a little more stability to the 
numbers and execution, etc. That's one. That essentially means that our 
investments in Bangalore will go up. 
In our portfolio, in vertical specifically, Bangalore makes more sense in 
terms of bottom line as compared to what they do in Ahmedabad. And 
hence, when we say we need to do more vertical, it essentially means 
that we need to do more vertical in Bangalore. 
 
On an overall basis, the ratio possibly of investment will be more like a 
2:1:1, 2 being Bangalore, being Ahmedabad and another one being 
Mumbai. And that's how we are looking at it. That should broadly be the 
case. So if it's Rs. 1,000 crores, it should be more like Rs. 400 crores to 
Rs. 500 crores going into Bangalore and Rs. 250 crores going into 
Mumbai and Ahmedabad. These are broad. I mean, project acquisition 
is something which can take any bulge depending upon what kind of 
project we come across, what is the excitement about that project, how 
big a sense it makes in terms of overall bottom line growth, etc. 
 
We are a company, we are very clearly focused on cash flows and 
profitability. We chase growth with profitability. And hence, to that 
extent, an exciting project coming in any of the market, which otherwise 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
fits our strategy, we are flexible about it. But as a stated objective and 
kind of goal that we are chasing, investment should be more like 2:1:1. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, for Rs. 5,000 crores, you will spend Rs. 1,000 crores this 
year? 
Kamal Singal: 
Correct. To create Rs. 5,000 crores. This year, the total investment cycle 
is supposed to be Rs. 1,000-odd crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So if we just look last 2 years, we have acquired approximately 
Rs. 8,500 crores, and we have spent close to Rs. 750 crores or Rs. 800 
crores approximately in these 2 years for land payments and approvals 
related. So sir, does this mean that we are going to acquire more like 
ownership projects rather than asset-light? Or how do we look at this? 
Kamal Singal: 
So absolutely right. We have been very heavy, extraordinarily heavy on 
JDs in proportion last couple of years. That has been the strength, and 
we'll continue to build on that. But having said that, there will be at least 
2 moderation in our portfolio. One, as we just discussed that we'll be a 
little more heavy on vertical as compared to what we were in proportion. 
The other obviously will be slightly more outright purchase projects in 
proportion to the JD/JV deals that we've been doing in the past. So that 
is something which will happen and hence, these ratios. 
 
But having said that, combination of JD and JV put together with 
outright purchases, Rs. 1,000 crores should ideally be giving us a little 
more than Rs. 5,000 crores. Any combination of that should be more 
like Rs. 6,000 crores, Rs. 7,000 crores. On a conservative side, we are 
saying that we are keeping a target of around Rs. 5,000 crores with Rs. 
1,000 crores total deployment, which includes outright and JDs. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Got it. And sir, what would be like the sources of funds, A, we have 
internal accruals; B, we have some room on leverage going up. So if you 
can just give us bucket wise, earlier you mentioned we have sources of 
funds from internal accruals, increasing debt and then the fundraise 
potential also. So if you could just touch upon that as well. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So I think broadly, I mean, we'll still figure this out and tell you exact 
numbers as we go ahead. But Rs. 1,000 crores should broadly be coming 
from 3 sources, equally distributed, give and take, Rs. 25 crores, Rs. 30 
crores here and there between the internal accruals, the debt to be raised 
and the fresh equity. So equity could be QIP, pref or whatever. But all 
these 3 should be broadly equivalent, plus/minus, Rs. 25 crores, Rs. 50 
crores here and there. But these are the 3 sources broadly contributing 
equally in the coming year, adding up to Rs. 1,000 crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Got it. And sir, would you like to give any guidance on the OCF for FY 
'26? This year, we have dipped slightly, but still healthy at 25%, 28% on 
presales. So would you like to give some guidance on that? 
Kamal Singal: 
So of course, we have been very healthy last couple of years, 3 years, 
maybe a little bit of too much happening on that account in the last 
couple of years. But it's going to remain very healthy. And we are hoping 
that we should once again be kind of aiming Rs. 300 crores, Rs. 350-odd 
crores of free cash flow this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from H.G. Hawa. 
Amit Agicha: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. So did I hear this correct, 
like you're saying Rs. 1,000-odd crores would be the capex, which will 
be like part internal part debt and part equity, which will give us a target 
revenue of Rs. 5,000 crores? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, correct. 
Amit Agicha: 
Yes. So this is a target for which year, for how many years? 
Kamal Singal: 
So this is this year. So in next 3 to 4 quarters, we are hoping to deploy 
Rs. 1,000 crores additional in new projects. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay. And sir, besides that, can you elaborate the pricing power and 
average selling price trends in top selling projects? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So generally, if you're asking specifically about our price vis-a-vis the 
competition next door. So we have not yet tested ourselves in the market 
of Mumbai, but we sure with the kind of experience we have and kind 
of product that we are trying to bring in Mumbai, Mumbai has to get 
exposed to something very different when it comes to weekend homes.  
There are great products and projects available already there, but the 
kind of size and scale that it can absorb in our understanding has not 
been served. And hence, this will be something that will be very 
interesting to experience and take forward. There are no benchmarks or 
trends available for us at least. 
 
Ahmedabad, we clearly have an edge on pricing for anybody, I think we 
clearly lead the market when it comes to pricing the horizontal projects. 
We clearly have a lead of around 20%, 25% premium that we charge for 
every project that we would have launched in the same micro market. 
Bangalore, we are very in the top bracket. So a branded player, if a 
branded player like any of these 4, 5 big ones that we are talking about 
is at 100%, we'll obviously be 95% to 100%, while the local ones could 
be something like 80%. So if branded guys are commanding premium 
to the extent of 20%, 25%, maybe we will be just about there or a couple 
of percentage points here and there. That is where we are on the vertical 
ones. 
 
On horizontal, on a net-net realization basis, I think we are up there with 
the top 5 developers who would be doing horizontal in Bangalore. So 
we are up there. There is no discount. If the locals are supposed to be 
70, these branded guys are 100 and we'll be 100. That's how it happens 
in horizontal in Bangalore. 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, besides that, sir, are land acquisition costs rising in markets like 
Bangalore and MMR? 
Kamal Singal: 
So what exactly is the question, land pricing as compared to... 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Amit Agicha: 
Acquisition cost, you will be acquiring land and -- like or you are going 
to redevelopment? 
Kamal Singal: 
So land acquisition cost, land acquisition is one of the strengths that is 
the most important strategic pillar. Our land sourcing in industry 
possibly is the most efficient. This is one fact that we always boast about, 
and this is acknowledged by industry in general. That is why our margins 
are much more consistent and healthier as compared to most of our 
peers, cost of construction and sourcing of land. Obviously, we price as 
per market. There, when it comes to the local players, obviously, we are 
much higher, but that's not something that we should be focusing on. 
 
We are up there when it comes to pricing vis-a-vis the branded 
competition that we talk about in the similar ranges, etc. But the real 
profitability and the real trigger of cash flows and returns, etcetera, 
comes from the fact that our land sourcing has been very efficient and 
our cost of development has been quite competitive. But I think a 
significant portion of the margins or the extra margin that we are able to 
earn historically in the last 10 years have come from comparatively more 
efficient sourcing of land. 
 
As you could see that in terms of the kind of margin we are able to 
generate from projects like Greatlands or Orchards or now The Park 
coming to Ahmedabad kind of margins that we would have earned at the 
Aqua City or Fruits of Life, Rhythm of Life, Uplands as for that matter, 
High Grove, etc. I think land sourcing is one strength which helps us in 
achieving what we have been able to achieve in terms of profitability. 
Amit Agicha: 
If I can ask one more like how do you assess the contribution of plotted 
developments versus vertical housing in future launches? 
Kamal Singal: 
So horizontal has gained significant traction post COVID. And I think, 
in fact, we, as a company, have a very strong belief that this trend is here 
to stay. People know the value of having a weekend home, having a 
home which is a little away, both as first home and second home for 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
cities who have battery infrastructure of having a home which is first 
home, but half an hour away from the city is also feasible. 
Ahmedabad survives and thrives on that, where the first homes are 15 
kilometers extra, maybe 20 kilometers extra, but that just means 20, 30 
minutes extra over and above what they would have otherwise been 
spending, reaching offices, etc. So this trend is clearly here to stay. The 
proportions are reasonable today. But in our understanding, this market 
has already become very reasonable in size, and it's only going to be 
growing from here. And we clearly have a lead in terms of capabilities 
to develop, define and deliver these kind of projects on a very large 
scale. We've got many projects are 100, 200, 300, 400, even 500 acres 
now, and we've been delivering these consistently. In our understanding, 
it's a very exciting ever-growing segment from here onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from ICICI 
Securities. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Congratulations on healthy presales growth. One of my first question, 
sir, would be on the Bangalore projects, which you had mentioned. So 
they total to around Rs. 1,500 crores. So is there any H1 are you planning 
to acquire and launch during the FY '26, which totals to around Rs. 2,000 
crores? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Bangalore, even the current broadly done up things are adding to Rs. 
2,000 crores odd.  
Ronald Siyoni: 
I think, Bannerghatta and ITPL is around Rs. 1,000 crores Rs. 400 crores 
and Rs. 600 crores. 
Kamal Singal: 
So around Rs. 1,200 crores are coming from what is already signed and 
done, which are under approval and around Rs. 700 crores to Rs. 800 
crores are coming from new projects and the pipeline we are creating 
right now. So all in all, yes, this will be Rs. 2,000 crores in total put 
together between what is already done and what is about to happen. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay. You mean sustenance plus new. 
Kamal Singal: 
No, these are fresh launches we are saying. This is a value of fresh 
launches worth Rs. 2,000 crores. This is not about fresh sales. This is 
about what inventory we are making available for the sales team to sell. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
And just on the time line, like as you had previously mentioned that 
Bannerghatta may slip to Q1. So are we on track with respect to 
Bannerghatta getting launched in Q1? And if possible, you can give 
some time line for other launches, maybe, say, quarter 2 or H2 of this 
year? 
Kamal Singal: 
So all in all, this is a broad number. Bannerghatta, we have almost 
reached the very last stages of approvals. So it should happen this quarter 
or maybe latest next quarter, hitting the market, etc. 
But if you want to really go through more details of quarter-wise 
breakup of all these launches between Bangalore and Gujarat, I'll 
encourage you to get in touch with Vikram post this call, and he'll take 
you through a little more granularity of how and when everything is 
expected to happen. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the redevelopment piece, like you would be 
venturing into this. So generally, we see that post acquiring, there is 
always a 6 to 9 months delay with respect to getting approvals and 
getting it launched. So are we confident enough that the same would get 
launched here in FY '26 or it may get spilled over? And another thing is 
that what kind of IRRs or margins we are expecting from redevelopment 
project? 
Kamal Singal: 
So we'll come back with very specific details very soon on this project 
that we are hoping to close. The project that we are doing will not have 
some significant approval milestones like MOEF, etc, the way it is sized. 
And hence, the ambiguities around time lines are a little less. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Plus the fact that we know that it is a firm pipeline and quite a few things 
have already happened on this project, etc. We are still not formally 
putting this into our portfolio because we want to make sure that certain 
very, very definitive steps must be completed beforehand. And then only 
we add this project into our portfolio. 
 
That itself is taking care of some of the major ambiguities, which are 
generally associated with a project of redevelopment type. And hence, 
once those are achieved and we say, okay, now this project is under our 
portfolio, ambiguities from there onwards should be quite manageable 
and less significant. To that extent, we are pretty confident that this 
should be launched this year. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
And sir, when do you expect to come to market for fresh equity raise? 
Is it during H2 or maybe later? 
Kamal Singal: 
We've got an enabling resolution, which is 1 year. I think that 1 year is 
getting completed by September thereabouts. And obviously, we would 
prefer that we complete this process before that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piyush Arora from SOIC. 
Piyush Arora: 
I actually joined the call late. So I just have 2 questions. First question 
is, what will be our guidance for bookings for FY '26? Because I think 
this year, we have done well and last 5 years, we've been doing well. 
And second question is what's the broader outlook on the industry 
demand because we've been seeing the discretionary consumption is 
slowing down. So what do you think about the discretionary demand as 
such for the real estate sector? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So on the booking possibly, you missed the earlier part of the 
conversation. We have done a little less than what we would have done 
otherwise because of our delays in a couple of Bangalore launches on 
account of approval delays. So that has meant that we've just grown by 
15-odd percent. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
I believe as a minimum, we should have grown by 25% to 30%. And if 
these 2 launches were done as per what the plan was, we would have 
easily achieved and more than achieved the numbers. But if you were to 
just add, this pent-up has to happen now in this year. 
 
And obviously, this year's independent growth also has to come because 
we have been adding the pipeline accordingly last couple of years and 
the effect of all that has to come into this year together. So I think last 
year and this year put together, we should grow at a CAGR of 25% in 
any case. And accordingly, if last year was Rs. 1,100-odd crores of fresh 
sales. Put together, these 2 years should be around 25% plus 25% over 
25% is something that we are hoping that we'll be able to achieve this 
year. 
Piyush Arora: 
Right, right. And sir, on second question? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. I mean demand generally is pretty okay. You might hear some of 
the stories of a little bit of a slowdown happening in some micro 
markets, etc. I think this is something on a broader level, at a macro 
level, things are pretty solid and decent. You need to be a little wiser 
when you choose your micro markets. So there is some degree of 
variability between one micro market to another. And if you are right on 
choosing your market, etc, and the size of project, etc, I think it's pretty 
healthier situation out there. 
 
Bangalore is doing as good as it used to be. In fact, last quarter itself, we 
launched one of these projects. The prices are very different from what 
we would have otherwise done a couple of years back, 1 year back. 
Despite all that, it has seen some amazing traction. So demand continues 
to be very, very strong. But yes, you need to be wise about the locations 
you choose, the product you choose, the pricing you do, etc. So it's not 
that everything is going to be working out fine irrespective. You need to 
be good at it. And for guys who know and for the guys who can choose 
wisely, I think there is a huge opportunity still waiting to be tapped for 
developers in general. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
We take our last question from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up 
Financial. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, how is the pipeline in MMR looking? And are we looking to add a 
vertical or we'll add another horizontal in the current year? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I mean, when it comes to MMR, the strategy is very clear. We'll 
work on 2 major pillars. One is horizontal weekend homes, which we've 
already announced and maybe we'll add 1 or 2 more projects in the 
coming months. The other is the society redevelopment. We see very 
clear preference and opportunity in areas priced between Rs. 30,000 to 
Rs. 40,000 thereabouts, where there is a very strong Gujarat connect. 
There the brand resonance, the connect and the trust factor immediately 
comes into play. That's why we've been able to almost close our first 
society development. Those kind of projects obviously will be vertical. 
 
To that extent, in the overall portfolio, it will be a very healthy 
combination of both vertical and horizontal, vertical being primarily 
driven by society development. But having said, we are also open to 
greenfield. So it's not that we are not evaluating vertical ones here. All 
the 3 are equally important. But clearly, the focus has been society 
development, which is vertical and horizontal weekend homes that we 
have always been doing in all other cities that we operate in as a strategy. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is regarding market share in Ahmedabad 
and Bangalore. It is currently very miniscule for our size. So what is the 
aspiration in terms of market share over the next 3 to 5 years in both 
these geographies since we have been in these cities since now 5 years? 
Kamal Singal: 
So internally, we look more towards what is the growth that we should 
be able to achieve, absorb and be capable of. I think today, the constraint 
is not market, the constraint is not demand. The constraint is also the 
managerial bandwidth and the capabilities. 
We think that a very healthy growth rate of around 30%, 40%, etc, is 
something which we should be very careful about. It's about building the 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
organization one step at a time, not get overheated or underheated. 
Conservatism is good. At the same time, it can't be overdone. Too much 
of aggression might not as well be a great idea. And hence, we put 
ourselves in a situation where we say that let's see how much is 
something that we want to ramp up and what is the best and optimum 
way to grow to what extent, etc. So not in terms of proportion of market, 
percentage of market at this point, we are a very, very small component 
of overall market as we speak. So today, it's important to focus on how 
much growth we should be targeting. And after we achieve critical mass, 
obviously, from that onwards, it's important to get into market share, etc. 
 
But having said, within horizontal, for example, in the city of 
Ahmedabad, we are the biggest, still not possibly relevant to count in 
terms of percentage of market, but we clearly lead the market with a big 
margin, and we are the largest in that sense. 
Moderator: 
As this was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in this earnings call of Arvind 
SmartSpaces. I hope we have been able to address most of your queries. 
However, if there is anything missed out on any of your questions, 
kindly reach out to Vikram, and he will connect with you offline and 
clarify and give further information as may be required. Looking 
forward to an interaction with you all in the coming quarters. Thank you 
very much for your time. Thanks a lot. 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
