—SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
12 June 2025 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
CIN 
BSE Limited 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Refd Office: 
Ca 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Sf o 
N 
: 
- 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Road, O 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
ll}it’m 
alimar Bagh, Delhi- 
Maharashtra, India 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: Transcripts of Capital Market Day’ 2025 
Dear Sir 
/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the “SAMHI Hotels Limited - Capital Market Day” 
2025” held on Thursday, 05 June 2025. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director- Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Correspondence: 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd 
1124 4910100 
Fax: +91 124 4910199 
www samhi co.in
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2025.06.12 
18:45:14 +05'30'

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Capital Market Day 
June 05, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 05% June 2025 will prevail. 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN, AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — 
MR. GYANA DAS — EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND HEAD OF INVESTMENT 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTMENTS 
MR. AJISH ABRAHAM JACOB — NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. SANJAY JAIN —SENIOR DIRECTOR-CORPORATE AFFAIRS, COMPANY 
SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Ms. TANYA CHAKRAVARTY — GENERAL COUNSEL LEGAL 
Ms. BHAVNA MISHRA — HEAD MARKETING COMMUNICATION 
MSs. SIMRAN MITTAL — AVP INVESTMENTS & STRATEGY 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL AGARWAL — STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS PRIVATE LIMITED 
Page 1 of 49

SAMHI 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to the Capital Market Day of SAMHI Hotels 
Limited. 
Tam Rahul Agarwal from Strategic Growth Advisors and itis my pleasure to be hosting 
this evening. 
Today we have the privilege of having with us the Senior Leadership team of SAMHI Hotels, 
Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala, Founder, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Rajat Mehra, CFO, 
Mr. Gyana Das, Executive Vice President and Head of Investments, Mr. Nakul Manaktala, VP 
Investments. We are also honoured to have Mr. Ajish Abraham Jacob, Non-Executive Director 
at SAMHI Hotels, representing Asiya Capital, the largest sharcholder in the company. This 
evening, management will take you through a comprehensive view of the business, including 
strategic insights, key growth drivers and future roadmap of SAMHI Hotels. 
We will begin with a corporate presentation, after which the floor will be open for an interactive 
Q&A session. With that, 
I now invite Mr. Ashish to address the audience and begin the 
presentation. 
Good afternoon. I will correct Rahul. The privilege is not for us to be here, the privilege is for 
all of you to be here actually, so I will just correct him to that extent. This is our first formal 
Capital Markets event since we went public in September 2023. We will try and keep it as away 
from marketing as we can and focus on hard facts. It's not our habit or practice to make promises, 
but yet we feel it's our fiduciary to remove any information asymmetry with what and how we 
are thinking about the company in ifs next two to five years and what you are aware of with 
respect to that. 
So the purpose of today's event is ot to really sell the company or sell a forecast. It's just to 
remove that information asymmetry between what the management feels and what the 
‘management is working for and that the investors should have full visibility of that plan. So 
that's really our intent. 
Td like to have a broader team be introduced 
to you. So, of course, Gyana is here with me. Gyana 
was almost a Co-Founder of the company. He and I have worked together for 18 years, first at 
Accor Hotels and now in SAMHL We have Rajat, who's been with the business for -- Rajat, 13 
years? 12.5 years. We've got Mr. Sanjay Jain, who we call Sanjay ji. He is the principal person 
for shareholders. He's the company secretary, and, you know, he’s sitting there. We've got Tanya, 
‘who's a General Counsel, backbencher again. We've got Nakul, who's VP Investments. We've 
got Bhavna, who's our Head of Mar Com. And we've got Simran, somewhere in the room, who's 
a part of the team. So that's the team here. 
And, of course, it's a privilege to have Ajish also with us, who represents Asiya, which is the 
largest shareholder in the company. 
I think with that, Id like to take you through a small 
cotporate AV that we just afford to make in time. Again, as I'said, it’s not our DNA. 
We are a B2B business, so We are pretty bad at these marketing initiatives. But we have a 
corporate AV that I'd like to take you through, and then well make some facts known to you. 
So we have borrowed a phrase from Sam Zell's book, which is ‘Go for Greatness’. And Sam 
Zell was, as some of you may know, a legendary investor. He was a single largest shareholder 
Page 2 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
for almost 
13 
of the 
14 years. And ‘Go 
for Greatness’ was 
a motto when Sam spoke to 
entrepreneurs that they should aspire for a high degree of ambitions. And the recipe was very 
simple. Protect your downside. And once you've protected your downside, you can really climb 
high. 
So we have borrowed that one motto from Sam, which is Go for Greatness, because I think that 
defines what we want to set SAMHI up 
for over the next few years. You know, 
in most 
‘management presentations, this is just a very customary slide. You know, photographs, names, 
designations. 
But in SAMHI, there's a bit of a difference that it is a professional management team which 
actually built the company over the last 14, 15 years. It's the same management team which has 
stuck with the company as it was created. It grew really well. 
We saw a near death-like experience in COVID. Stayed through with the company through that 
time. And then, of course, after that, has been able to successfully take the company public and 
run it as it exists today. 
The tenure of the management team is really important because we feel, you know, there is a 
whole practice in the corporate world that all the mistakes were made by my predecessor. And 
ever since I have joined, things are going well. But in SAMHL, unfortunately for us, our 
predecessors were us. 
So whatever mistakes we've made, we've got to wear them proudly on our sleeve, accept them, 
learn from them, and move on. So I owe a lot to the management team which has worked around 
me over the last 14, 15 years, and I've already made some introductions. Thisis a slide I've often 
used over the last several years. 
And the purpose is as we speak to a whole lot of stakeholders, investors, operators, employees, 
we have felt that there's just too much emphasis on the headlines. And headlines are things that 
we can't control. And what we have done here is really taken the front page of Economist about 
India over the last several years, and you would see how the headlines keep changing, you know. 
And we may not have put all, from questioning whether India can fly, can India fly, to the next 
thing is India overheats, so within two episodes, the perspective in India changes. We have a 
great deal of difficulty, have learned to stay away from headlines and really focus on the trend 
lines. And as we invest our capital and grow our business, it will be our commitment that we 
will continue to stay away from headlines. 
And for a lot of you, sometimes that may be surprising because headlines may say something 
and we may be doing something else, but you've got to trust us that we are following a very 
strong trend line rather than just the headline. Just some big data. And ascertaining demand is 
really difficult for travel and tourism. 
Supply is rather easy. There's got to be a hole in the ground today for it to be an open hotel in 
three years. But ascertaining demand has always been a bit of a crystal ball gazing. If you look 
at Indian economy, it's grown four times in the last 18-0dd years, a rough calculation will say 
Page 3 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
it's about 12% CAGR. At the same time, what trends we are seeing globally, this is the GDP 
data is India. The tourism and travel industry versus GDP is a global data where it is expected 
to outpace global GDP by 2x. 
So which means that if global GDP grows at 2%-2.5%, travel and tourism globally is expected 
to grow at about 5%. And I cannot promise the same correlation in India, but this is certain that 
travel and tourism always outpaces GDP growth rates. And we're not experts on forecasting the 
future GDP growth rates for India, but we believe that if Indian economy continues to grow, 
there's little reason to second guess the fate of the travel and tourism industry. So we follow this 
trend line. It has worked well for us. It allows you to moderate the cyclical excitement and 
disappointments because what we are following is actually a structural story. 
Now, you will see cycles playing within that structural story, and obviously that depends on your 
perspective, your investment horizon and all of that. But as Managers of the business, as a 
Founder of a company, we believe that the structural story is very strong and we will continue 
to see a lot of cyclical variations, but within that broader structural story. 
Travel and tourism in India is underperforming. So if you look at our contribution to GDP, 
globally, the contribution of travel and tourism 
to GDP is about 9.1%. In India, it's circa around 
6.5%, and we've tried testing past data. It hasnt really moved up significantly. It's about 6.3%, 
6.4%, 6.5%, 6.6%. 
And in this big data, that sort of difference is really — you have to take it with a pinch of salt. 
WTTC, and I think they've revised their report two days back, but till then, they were anticipating 
that in India, the share will grow to 7.6%, globally to about 11.4%. It was very heartening to 
hear the Tourism Minister make a statement yesterday or the day before that he actually expects 
the travel and tourism contribution to Indian economy to be 10%. And he wants 
it to be 
benchmarked to global and not just remain suboptimal in this country. 
So we feel that the growth of travel and tourism industry is quite eminent. Now, whether it kind 
of gets to global standards or not, time will tell, but effectively, again, we are riding the fact that 
if economy grows, so will the sector. 
A big trend that we identified when we started SAMHI 
‘was urbanization. 
And what urbanization does s it gives you, for lack of any other word, a pocket of comfort in 
an otherwise very confuising market. So when you look at GDP data, when you look at per capita 
income data, you know, often it hard to make an investment call based on that big data because 
we've got to be answerable for our decisions the next year and the year after that. We cannot 
wait for a five, 10-year structural story. 
What we realized is there is a rapid urbanization in India, which basically means that people are 
moving from hinterland to cities. Economy of the cities is growing. That will lead to growth in 
residential sector, retail, office space, airlines, so on and so forth. And I think the urbanization 
trend is, in our opinion, the most compelling trend for an investor like s to look at. This is all 
the big office markets globally, you know. And there are two sides to it. One is where we are 
and to what the potential could be in future. 
Page 4 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So today if you see Bangalore, it's about 225 million square feet of office space. It's below New 
Jersey, you know. Bangalore is stated 
to be reaching about 330 million square feet by 2030. And 
we'll show you some of the growth rates for ourselves and others. It will clearly make it one of 
the top contenders in terms of office space globally. 
One clarification. In India, we only calculate grade A office space, which unfortunately means 
80% of Nariman Point is not calculated in this. All of the offices in Dadar, Worli, Santa Cruz, 
are not calculated in this. So actually the real size of Indian office market is much bigger. 
Unfortunately, we don't have data 
to demonstrate that today. 
If you go to Washington DC, which sits right at the top with 420 million square feet, 
I would bet 
60% 
is the United States government. But when we talk about Delhi, we dont include the 
Parliament House and the South Block and the North Block and all the offices attached to it. So 
there is a bit of noise in this data. But I think we just need to see the movement as to where 
Indian cities are moving in terms of total occupied office space. 
And every square feet of occupied office space sends me a few customers to stay. Every seat of 
airline sends me a few customers to stay. So the degree of correlation between office space and 
aitline to a business hotel in a city is really, really high. Actually, statistically we've seen 
correlation is more than 95-96 percentile, right? So these are two data points that we can clearly 
rely on and take indication as to where we are headed. This is very interesting. 
So while Bangalore was 220, way below Atlanta, New Jersey, Washington DC, and so on and 
so forth, last year, look at the new office... This is the net office absorption. The net office 
absorption in Indian cities was way higher than what you're seeing in some of the large global 
office markets. 
So if Bangalore absorbed - net absorption, which means net addition to the occupied office 
space, was 14 million square feet. The highest such precedence globally is New York City, 
which is 7 million square feet, half of it, right? And some of the other, like Tokyo and London, 
are 3 or 4 million square feet. That would be less than Hyderabad. That would be about where 
Pune is today, actually, on a net absorption basis. 
So what you see today in the previous slide, here, and what you would see in future is going to 
be very, very different. And I think that gives us a lot of confidence about where we need to take 
our capital and what would be the fate of those decisions over the next 3 to 5 years. 
Aviation. The numbers that you see on the screen, which is 77 million passengers per quarter, is 
because there's a massive supply constraint, and we are aware of that. It's a duopoly, largely, you 
know, Indigo and Air India, then you have Akasa. There is an issue with new aircraft orders, 
both with Boeing and Arbus. 
And if there was no supply constraint, this number of 77 million passengers would be 
fundamentally different. And as I mentioned earlier, every aircraft that lands in a city, there are 
people in that aircraft who will stroll their bag into a hotel lobby. So the more aircrafts that fly, 
the more passengers that fly in those aircrafts, we're quite certain that some of those guests, and 
proportion may keep changing, some of those guests are going to straw their bags into a hotel 
Page 5 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
lobby, and we want to make sure that we have a bunch of lobbies and rooms in those cities to 
accept those customers. 
Demand supply. This is a model we've used for a really long time, and generally in a 3-4 year 
cycle it works. I must caution you, this math does not work on an annual basis. What we've done 
here is demand, we are not too intelligent to ascertain for future. So what we take is the last 10 
years demand growth, because that's available data for us, and a binary question we ask ourselves 
is, is there something happening in the market that will accelerate that demand, or that will 
depress that demand, or it will keep it stable. 
As of today, in each of the markets that we operate in, we don' see a fear that historical demand 
growth is at question, and therefore we've taken that as effectively a de facto for what could be 
the demand growth in future. Supply growth. Thankfully in our industry, unlike many other 
industries that you invest in, is a very certain number. 
Like I said, there's got to be a hole in the ground today for it to be an open hotel in 3-4 years, 
and if there is o hole in the ground today, there is no hotel coming up in the next 3-4 years, no 
matter how many press releases are made, no matter how many articles come out. So headlines 
may say something, but trend lines will show you a completely different picture. 
And the data that we have over the last 10 years is that only 53% of announced hotel supply has 
ever resulted in an open hotel. And that's data for the last 10 years. It may change. 53 may 
become 60, it may become 65, it may become 45, but I like to believe it will not be 100%. So 
supply data is reasonably certain, and what it tells you is that in all key markets, supply remains 
far and short of demand. 
And, you know, that's one of the other things Sam Zell famously said, that if supply is 
constrained and demand is ot in question, then price is not an object, which means you can 
keep pricing and repricing your asset because there's demand and not much supply to fill that 
demand. So we feel fairly confident and excited about some of the core markets and what's 
happening to demand and supply. 
Right-hand side, just the facts. Left-hand side is a story. And the story is that even though today 
we have areported turnover of about INR 1,200 crores, that would make us one, two, three, four, 
five, six, seven, eighth largest hotel company by revenue. And I think as you grow, you start 
relying on real numbers. So I don’t, like, want to rely on number of rooms and hotels. We may 
be number four or number three or whatever that number would be. But in terms of real revenue, 
we would be number six or seven today. 
But the real fact behind that, it has taken us only 14 years to get there. And some of the peers, 
the youngest one was actually 23 years old. So clearly the strategy that we’ve implemented, and 
we'll talk about that, has delivered pace, has delivered scale, and of course the quality. 
I would 
not like to preach that on this podium today. All of you will ascertain it for yourself This 'm 
very proud of. 
You know, when I started the company way back in 2011, January, the company was 
incorporated, if I'm not wrong, 20® December 2010. The first formal day was 1% January 2011, 
Page 6 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Small Business Center in Gurgaon. It was one of the first attempts by a professional management 
team to create a company of scale in a capital-intensive industry, you know. 
And Idon’t recollect back then there was a word called startup. So it was rather a lonely journey. 
We went with a very simple strategy. We went with the skill sets that we had acquired over the 
last two decades working as professionals. And we were very proud that through our journey 
we"ve been supported by some of the best financial institutions as our shareholders. So the first 
capital came from GTI Capital and Equity International. 
GTI Capital was started by Gaurav Dalmia, who is well-known 
to a lot of you. He’s one of the 
smartest investors I've worked with. Feet on the ground, understands India, you know, comes 
from a background where they have a reputation for wealth creation. 
Equity Interational, as I said earlier, Sam Zell. 
I mean, he s considered one of the finest real 
estate investors globally ever. So those were the first two investors. In 2014, we took a small 
investment from IFC Washington, which is a member of the World Bank Group. Very proud 
moment because World Bank before that had never put a single dollar in the hotel sector. And 
they were in India since 1954. 
So we were the first company that World Bank or a World Bank institution ever invested in the 
hotel sector in 2014. Very proud to tell you, we are a case study in World Bank now, you know, 
because they didn’t think we’ll survive in COVID and we did survive in COVID. In 2015 and 
16, we had Goldman Sachs come as a shareholder. 
Again, a differentiator. The money came from not a private equity fund or a managed account. 
It came from what was then called a partner’s capital, which actually meant the bank’s balance 
sheet. So what owned SAMHI or a part of SAMHI for a long period of time was actually 
Goldman Sachs as the bank and not a managed account by Goldman Sachs. Then in 2023, we 
had Asiya Capital. And as Isaid, I'm very happy to have Ajish here represent Asiya Capital. 
And then very recently, as you know, we've done a strategic partnership with GIC, which is the 
sovereign wealth fund for Government of Singapore. So as a professional management team, for 
me, as I stand in front of you today, I think this is my biggest pride. For 14 years, we"ve been 
able to work with the highest quality of institutional investors. 
And I would urge you to all make phone calls to any one of them without us. And I'll be quite 
surprised if you don’t have the right things to hear from them. We actually asked both Tom at 
EI and Gaurav to write testimonials. 
I won’t read them here. But, you know, they continue to 
believe in the business even though they’re fully exited because of the fund life issues. 
But these are people that we’ve kept close to the business. These are people 
I will end up calling 
once every one month, even right now, even though they 
re not the shareholders in the company. 
El actually had written six testimonials. So, you know, we chose the best one for ourselves. You 
know, there were no bad ones, I can assure you that, you know. 
Page 7 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
We're in the end of a successful business 
is about an opportunity and the strategy. The 
opportunity first in the hotel sector is really, as I said, it’s a multi-decade opportunity because 
we're a lazy industry. We just follow the economic growth, you know. 
Hotels is, by the way, a low IQ industry, you know. I didn’t think I was intelligent enough to 
become an engineer or a doctor, so I went to hotel school. And because of that, you know, we 
end up following very simple trends. And the simple trend the sector follows is we follow the 
economy. So it's a very simple trend. I think the growth of disposable income and discretionary 
spending is going to be the big delta over the next decade. 
And Iknow there are peers who have a great degree of leisure investments and they think only 
they will benefit, but the fact is every hotel in the country will benefit as disposable income, as 
per capita income increases in this country. You know, I like to see my hotels filled up on 
Saturdays and Sundays, which they are not today. I'd like to see my hotels filled up on New 
Year’s and Christmas, which they are not today. 
And that will happen when Indians start traveling within India for watching an IPL match or 
coming to places like this for seeing a show or for going to attend a rock concert. It started to 
happen, but it’s not even the tip of the iceberg. And when that trend really solidifies, what you 
would see is very interesting. 
Weekdays, we are already sold out. So if you see Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, average 
occupancies will be upwards of 88%, 89%. So as my weekend starts getting filled up because of 
disposable income, I think that’s a scenario no management team or analyst would risk its 
reputation to forecast, but we know we can’t stop that. 
In terms of our strategy, I think the first one is we like to find opportunities where others can’t. 
And that's, I'm sorry, I'll keep repeating Sam Zell’s quotes because I worked under him for 14 
years. He always said, when everybody is looking right, look left. 
And that’s where the opportunities really are. Two is we like underappreciated assets. One thing 
we do not like s building hotels. And when I started in 2011, 
I wanted to build hotels. My first 
investment memo said programmatic development and tactical acquisition. I remember those 
words. 
And I sat down with Sam Zell and he said, you’re a bright kid. I was 35 years old then. You're 
a bright kid with the wrong strategy. Because in development, whatever can go wrong will go 
wrong. So you stay away from development. That’s not how value is created for institutional 
investors. 
You have to minimize the risk, but there will always be a large pool of assets waiting to discover 
their true potential. That’s the case in the US. So it cannot be the fact that it’s not the case in 
India where there’s lesser and lesser institutional penetration in income-producing hard asses. 
What we like is very quick capex to revenue cycle. As a management team, as a CEO, as a 
‘member of the Board, when Nakul brings something to me where he says, investment goes inin 
Page 8 0of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
2025, revenue starts in 2028, 2029, I think he’s lost our attention 90% there. Because we like to 
see very quick tumaround from capex to revenue. 
For a simple fact, forecasting that long is impossible. So we’d like to put our money at work in 
the forecasting period, not beyond the forecasting period. We've tried finding things that 
separate us. And I think each management team and company has to do that in Tvestor’s Day. 
We*ve got totell you that we are different from others. So we*ve tried working hard 
to find what 
sets us apatt. 
Number one, and Ido firmly believe that over the last 14, 15 years, we have demonstrated our 
ability to work with the best financial institutions globally, full stop. We could raise money from 
Sam Zell, and we were the only investment Sam ever made in India, by the way. And today, 14 
years later, I think we are best friends. 
And unfortunately, we lost Sam two years back. But if you talk to his family, if you talk to the 
broader organization, we are still the best friends today. Then Gaurav Dalmia, as I said, I spoke 
to him two days back, continue to speak to them, IFC Washington, Goldman, and now GIC. 
We clearly know that we know how to work with institutional capital. There’s a mindset, there 
is a certain amount of humility, a lot of data, and a lot of patience. That’s what you need 
to work 
with institutional investors, and I think we have all of that. 
Second, we have demonstrated track record of acquisition and tumaround. I'm not saying we 
are the only ones who are doing it, or we are the only ones who can do that, but the company 
which has the most track record for acquisition turnaround in the sector is clearly SAMHL and 
there are numbers to speak for that. 
Third, we have a dominant share of some of the leading global brands in India. So today, for 
instance, we would be the largest owner of Fairfield by Marriott Hotels in India. We are the 
largest owner of Holiday Inn Express Hotels in India. We are one of the largest, if ot the largest, 
owner of Marriott Operated Hotels in India. 
We would be one of the largest, ifnot largest, owner of IHG Operated Hotels in India. So even 
though we don’t have a brand of our own, we have a very dominant share of the big brands 
operating in India. And the last, not the least, is the fact that we believe that we built the whole 
company around some undeniable facts, which is data. And in the long term, it’s going to help 
us maintain a certain level of discipline, which is really hard in sectors like this. 
So what is core to our strategy of this acquisition and turnaround? That’s actually, again, very 
simple. Point number one, do not speculate on location. Because you know what? I can’t change 
that post-acquisition. So if I have bought into Gachibowli, Hyderabad, or Outer Ring Road, 
Bangalore, or Nagar Road, Pune, or Whitefield, Bangalore, or HITEC City, Hyderabad, we 
cannot change the location once we've invested our capital. It’s a capital-intensive industry, so 
once you’ve taken money into a certain location, you are more than likely stuck with it for a 
long period of time. So please do not speculate on location. 
Page 9 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So that’s the first thing, that you've got to find the right location for your hotel. And going back 
to the previous slides, follow office space, airlines, wbanization, follow hard facts and hard data. 
The second, there has to be an opportunity for you to create a differentiation in the product. 
Ifit’s areally good hotel, would we be the buyers of Trident, Nariman Point, Trident BKC? The 
answer is 1o, because we don’t know what will we do to that hotel. I's already a great hotel, 
great brand, great location. Where is the upside we can’t see other than market? And we don’t 
rely purely on market to see upside in our assets. 
So the second is that we clearly need to see a significant upside through product. And the last 
bit is, a brand is a bridge to the customer. We build hotels, we own hotels in great locations, but 
the first meeting I ever had to raise capital for SAMHI was in winters of 2011 in New York. I 
‘won’t name the investor. 
I walked in and I said, you know, I'm starting this. And they said, what do you want to do? I 
said, well, 
I want to have a hotel company. And he said, you know what, Ashish, Itook a meeting 
because I know this gentleman, but I would not invest. This is the worst business to be in. It 
empties every day. 
And I walked out thinking this guy is so right. Every single morning my customers check out 
and I have to get new customers to fill those rooms back. And same thing has to be repeated 
every single day for 365 days in the larger the portfolio that many times each day. 
And therefore, having a strong brand is your only bridge to get to those customers on a repeated 
basis. And therefore, strong brand is the holy grail of success as far as we are concerned. So put 
the three things together of a location, a massive product upgrade, and put in a strong brand on 
top of that, and I think you can see a significant transformation in how hotels behave. 
So, this is one case study. This was, 
I wouldn’t name the earlier brand, but it was a local brand. 
That was a lobby right in the center. That's the lobby today. This is the room product. That’s not 
exciting. This is exciting. That we have been able to deliver an 18% ROCE in this hotel. 
The fact is we’re not stopping here. This hotel is going through a 20% inventory addition through 
this year. By October, November, we’ll have 56 odd rooms over 270 rooms, right? Almost 20% 
inventory growth. This hotel is going to go to 25% ROCE. 
To produce 25% ROCE in an income-producing hard asset is not easy, but it is casy if you do 
acquisition and turnaround rather than keep building assets. And our total in-cost for this hotel 
will be at least at 30%-40% discount to replacement cost. And that’s where it really starts to look 
good because for Hyderabad to get new supply, which will threaten the performance of this 
hotel, new hotels need to be built. 
And the good thing about new hotels is they can only be built at replacement cost. So if you've 
been able to acquire businesses at discount to replacement cost and have a good return, the 
market is working hard for you because they will try and push the rates to a point where there’s 
a good return on replacement cost, and at that point, hopefully this hotel will be at 35-40% 
ROCE, and we will do what we just did two months back or a month back, divest 35% in favor 
Page 10 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
of a strategic investor, take your capital out, take it elsewhere, repeat the whole story all over 
again. 
Now, this is not a one-day wonder. We have repeated this playbook several times over in the 
last 14 years. Actually, 87% of our inventory is through acquisition and turnaround, only 13% 
are hotels we've built. And we've built hotels like Hyatt Place, Gurgaon, Courtyard Fairfield, 
Bangalore, Fairfield, Chennai, Sriperumbudur, Proud to tell you all of those hotels are high 
ROCES, and we typically do it in markets where we see unquestionable demand, but there is no 
hotel. 
So, if there is no hotel, what are you waiting for? Because there’s nothing for you to buy. So 
very rarely, and 
I would think the ratio will not change going forward, we see an opportunity to 
do Greenfield. We can do that. It’s not that we don’t have the capability to do that. We can do 
that, but we just don’t find that to be the best use of our capital and our time. Sorry, we don’t 
find it to be the best use of your capital and our time. 
This is just another portfolio. We’ve talked about urbanization. We've talked about the growth 
of the office space. We are unapologetic about continuing to remain committed to that story. 
And Tl tell you in the next slide, or maybe in subsequent slides, right, how we have a whole 
plan to bring tremendous growth by sticking to this disciplined strategy. But I think we want to 
remain in high-density locations, and the reason is very simple. We want to focus on product. 
‘We focus on brand. We want to focus on asset management. We don’t want to risk the market. 
And, you know, T'll take you back to the title of the presentation, Go for Greatness. And I said, 
Sam said, protect your downside, and then you can really gun for upside. So, when you go to a 
high-quality location, you’ve protected your downside. 
And then, therefore, you can take big risk of product upgrade, change the brand. You know, 
Sheraton Hyderabad was acquired at 2% yield. It's sitting at 18% ROCE. We could take that 
risk because we knew the market is not at risk. We don't have to speculate. We don't have to 
forecast the market itself. 
So how much can we grow maintaining that disciplined strategy? And this is a chart which 
explains you that. We operate in three segments, and Nakul will take you through that in 
subsequent slides. Upscale hotels, upper mid-scale, and mid-scale. Mid-scale is Holiday Inn 
Express. Upper mid-scale 
is Fairficlds, Four Points, and so forth. And your upscale are 
quintessential five-star, five-star-plus hotels. Each city in India today is very defined micro- 
markets. And this is just illustrative. 
This is not really the whole list, by the way. There are about 45 micro-markets that we track 
today. This is just illustration. So if you look at Bangalore, for instance, Whitefield, City Centre, 
Outer Ring Road, North Bangalore, are very distinct micro-markets. Same brand across these 
four micro-markets will be selling at very different average rates today. 
We think, over a period of time, we can have all three price points in each micro-market. So 
that's 45 times three, really. That's the number of hotels SAMHI can potentially have in future 
without digressing from its discipline of not speculating on location, not speculating on demand. 
Page 11 of 49

Gyana Das: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
And next time when you see us doing another hotel in Hyderabad, another hotel in Bangalore, 
another hotel in NCR, don't worry about concentration. 
It's all a part of a plan that we had laid out 14 years back. It' just very painful to fill the blocks 
here, you know. But that's what we're intent is. Eventually, we'd like to fill all the boxes, and not 
just on sheet one. There'll be, like, four sheets like this, you know. We've spoken about this, so 
Tl skip this. 
Today, we're going to really talk about, in a very short, we'll not take more than three, four 
minutes, but a lot of you have seen what we built over the last 14 years, which was called SAMHI 
Intel, which was an analytics platform. You know, the creator of SAMHI Intel is right in front 
of you. It is in-house coded, in-house built. 
We have data over 14 years, three operators, multiple cities, multiple brands. Its priceless. We've 
been testing various versions of it for the last several years. And recently, we got approached by 
a large hotel company asking us if we would be willing to provide this platform to them. And 
that's when we realized that we often underappreciate what we build in a small company. 
Okay. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks a lot, Ashish, for a great introduction. What you saw 
is a very quick glance at what SID is. I think the SID word comes from Siddhartha. It's the one 
which has got knowledge and purpose. And similar to the word, what SID provides to its user is 
a greater, deeper insight to the business and case of access. 
I think from the beginning, Ashish has said that we have always believed in analytical approach 
of the business. That very approach of analysis and data-driven is what gave birth to SID over 
the last decade. Tn the last decade, we have developed SID using our asset management know- 
how, our ability to organize data, reducing the noise, and on top of it, patching in technology on 
top of it. 
So, 
I think combination of these three has given birth to SID. What does SID allow? SID allows 
you to look at every single detail of the portfolio, whether it s a physical or a KPI, operating 
matrices, or any market relevance onto it. All the things come together. It allows you to compare 
across assets, actoss operator, actoss region, and across time series. And we can do it through 
very interactive dashboards. 
It also does is that it provides you that operating matrices combining with financial information 
because what we do feed in is  trial balance of the system. So, what it does is that, and often in 
the industry, a lot of people do not marry the KPIs with the financials, but we are very driven, 
5o we marry the financials with the KPI to understand, dissect the business. This s all for the 
asset management. 
The other aspect of SID s our ability 
to scale up. When Nakul looks at a new asset, we can take 
the information of the target asset, plug into our system, compare it with our existing portfolio, 
whether it is a comparable region, comparable segment, where is the opportunity, where all we 
can add value, and I cant say that we can accurately, but to a greater predictability, we can 
forecast the future returns. 
I think that's what helps us to evaluate multiple opportunities, a larger 
‘number of opportunities. 
Page 12 of 49

Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Gyana Das: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Second is the moment we acquire, because the system is modular, system is organized, we can 
literally plug in the new asset into the SID system in a month, two months, three months time, 
and the asset managers can start intervening with the asset management strategies. We have done 
successfully, now it's almost 34 hotels. We can work on another hotel, we can add on to it. 
I think thats what the product allows us from a pure, pure technology with asset management. 
It's one of the most unique products available in the hospitality industry. We believe I think more 
to come, as Ashish said that, we have more things to come up in the SID, I think in years to 
come, we will definitely, you guys will hear more things about SID. 
With this Il very quickly give a snapshot of our portfolio. Ashish has already said it. 
So the reason we have rebranded SAMHI Intel to SID is because we got this feedback from the 
industry, where we actually think a product we made for self-consumption could actually be a 
product for the market. Not today, but in future. And therefore, we wanted to remove SAMHI 
from it because it's unlikely that SAMEHI Intel will be used by Hyatt tomorrow. 
So that's why we've taken the bold step of rebranding SAMHI-Intel into SID, because we 
actually have got carly feclers that we have ended up creating something which was for self- 
consumption, which could actually be hugely scalable. You know we have started working with 
institutional capital partners like GIC. We see an opportunity that in future there could be assets 
which we don't hold in our books or a balance sheet, but we could actually provide some sort of 
an asset management support using the platform. 
So there was a very — it was not just sort of a school project. It was the fact that we thought this 
product is now getting ready to realize its true value in future. I believe that if Gyana has spent 
14 years of his time building SAMHI Intel, it is your capital that has been invested in it, and it's 
our job to make sure that we keep that ready to be realized and leveraged in long term. 
So no promises. We often work for 1% probability in our business, things like this, but there is 
a probability that what we ended up creating for self-consumption over the next few years could 
be a path-breaking platform for broader income-producing hard assets, and that's why we 
eliminated a lot of references to hotel from the AV. 
So that's because a lot of you have gone through SAMHI Intel in interactions, it was just to 
clarify that the reason why we've rebranded SAMHI Intel to SID is because we see a very bright 
future. I cant deny you that in 10 years there could be a SID Capital Markets Day. 
Thank you, Ashish. Very quickly, what the portfolio, Ashish has touched upon, I think we 
operate across three segments, mid-scale, upper mid-scale, and upper up-scale, up-scale. What 
itallows us to capture demand across price points, and we focus on high-demand micro-markets 
within the key business cities. 
So we can start from mid-management to senior leadership. We can capture the demand. Often, 
they travel together, so it allows us to where the demand is going on, and Ashish showed that in 
cach market we can plug in those missing brackets and then keep expanding onto it. 
Page 13 of 49

SAMHI 
Nakul Manaktala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Very quick outlook. On the up-scale, we have five currently operating hotels, five more under 
development, three of which are the recent development acquisition that we have done in 
Hyderabad and Bangalore, which are iconic brands like W in Hyderabad, Tribute in Whitefield, 
and along with the new block that is Westin Bangalore. 
There are two more assets which will be rebranded from the ACIC portfolio that we had 
acquired, one in Jaipur that will be in Tribute, and the ofher will be rebranded 
to Courtyard, it’s 
in Pune. So almost with this five under development, we will double our inventory under the up- 
scale from about 1,000 keys to about 2,000 keys, so that should also allow a significant 
expansion of our carnings over the next two to three years. 
In the upper mid-scale, it' all Marriott branded, primarily Fairfield and a few Four Points. As 
I 
said, two of them will be rebranded to the up-scale. The rest all are Fairfield. One of the assets 
in Delhi is currently under innovation, which will also be rebranded to Fairfield. 
The last is the mid-scale segment. There are 12 operating hotels. All are under Holiday Inn 
Express. It's one of the largest relationships with Intercontinental operator. This is one of the 
most unique products in the market. It is 14 to 16 square meter room. You will not see this kind 
of room in India anywhere. 
What it does s that it is extremely capital efficient as well as product efficient. It's a very low 
footprint, so we can plug in a lot more keys within a very constrained square footage. If it is a 
constrained 
real estate, we can actually plug in 150, 200 keys with these. Also, it's very capital 
efficient. This is the segment that we have largest capital efficient structure, which Nakul and 
Rajat will also talk about, is the lease structure. I think this segment will also provide us a good 
platform for growth in future. 
With this, 
T will request Nakul to come and take you through some of the operational metrics. 
Thank you, Gyana. Il now take you through some of SAMHTI's operational overviews, which 
will give you some key insights about our portfolio. Gyana took you through three of our core 
segments, upscale, upper mid-scale, mid-scale. The upscale segment, which has brands like 
Courtyard, Sheraton, Hyatt Regency. These are hotels that typically are priced in the INR7,000 
to INR18,000 range. They contribute around 40% of our top line in FY25. The balance, 60-0dd 
% came from mid-scale and upper mid-scale, which has the Fairfield and Holiday Inn Express 
portfolios. They typically are priced in the INR3,500 to INR7,000 average rates. By design of 
our future pipeline, which Gyana mentioned, the upscale contribution 
will grow from the current 
40% to close to 55%, 60%. But on a long-term basis, we'd like to keep this ratio at the 50-50 
level. 
We are primarily a room-focused business, given its predictability in tracking the macro trends 
that Ashish earlier spoke about, which is aviation, office space, as well as the growth of the 
general Indian economy. So, 72-0dd percent of our revenues came from rooms in FY25. The 
balance, 28% came from F&B and other services like laundry, car, pickup, Wi-Fi, ctcetera. 
So this number does vary actoss segments. So, let's say mid-scale, which is Holiday Inn Express, 
‘where there's only one single F&B outlet. The room revenue contribution will be closer to 90%. 
Page 14 0of 49

SAMHI 
Rajat Mehra: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
But in upscale, which has two to three F&B outlets, banqueting facilities, meeting rooms, this 
room revenue contribution is closer to 65-odd percent. 
Now, given our segmentation mix, almost 80% of our business comes from domestic travel, 
which is what we love, because givenits predictability of tracking the macro trends. International 
business, which is currently around 20%, is a bit more volatile. So we love the fact that we are 
domestic travel heavy. This number was actually 30% for international contribution pre-COVID, 
FY20. But now we've seen this number reduce to 20%, which, again, we're very happy about. 
Now, Ashish took you through some of the operators that we work with, which is Marriott, 
Hyatt, IHG. Now, here's the data to back it up why we love working with them. So, if you see 
this number here, almost 85% of our business comes from direct channels, where we pay 
negligible margins and commissions to the source, whereas 15-0dd percent comes from OTAs, 
which can charge commissions of anywhere between 15%-20%. 
So, again, you know, those dilute the margins of the overall business. So, again, here's another 
reason why we love working with operators like Marriott, Hyatt, IHG, because they have 
fantastic distribution networks and phenomenally strong loyalty programs. 
Finally, we have the bridge from revenue to EBITDA, which captures all the main costs that we 
incur to drive our business. Consolidated margins pre-ESOP was 39% for FY25. We still have 
multiple levers to increase this margin from 39% to around 41%-42%, which includes some 
tumnaround activities for the ACIC portfolio, the new acquisitions we've made. So, clearly, we 
have some margin expansion left in our hand, which we should achieve over the next two to 
three years. 
And with that, T'l pass the stage to Rajat to take you through the financials. 
Thank you, Nakul. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Il just take you through the financial 
summaty. So, in a very small span of 14 years, we've been able to reach to an overall tumover 
of ~ INR1,150 crores. Over the last 10 years, we have been able to increase our revenue at a 
CAGR of 32% and a consolidated EBITDA at the rate of about 44% in the last 10 years. 
T'm happy to report the first full-year profit for SAMEL This is largely driven by an increase in 
the performance of our same-store assets as well as an increase in the performance of the not- 
so-recently acquired ACIC portfolio. Over the years, we've been able to work and reduce our 
finance cost as well, largely driven by the IPO that we have done where we have raised primary 
capital that was used for deleveraging. 
Along with that, we have also worked very closely with our bankers. We've been able to reduce 
our cost of borrowing also substantially. This has then resulted in a profit after tax of INRSS 
approximately crores. With the recent transaction that we have done with GIC where we have 
raised primary capital, we should be able to further reduce our overall finance cost because that 
money is going to be used for deleveraging. 
If we were to do that, the right-hand side, which is the performer that you see on a 2025 basis, 
assumes if GIC money was to come on 1% of April 2024 and We were to use that money to 
Page 15 0f 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
deleverage, then our finance cost would be circa INR170 to INR17S crores as against the 
INR228 crores that we have reported in the year, leading to a PAT in the range of about INR139 
crores to INR144 crores. If T exclude the minority interest, on a performer basis, our PAT margin 
would have been actually higher by about circa 15 odd percent if the transaction with GIC was 
done a year prior. 
At the end of the quarter, we've been able to reach to a very strong flow-through of cash from 
EBITDA. I's close to about 96%. At the beginning of the year and primarily at the end when we 
completed our IPO, we had certain old outstanding liabilities that have been paid over the years, 
which has actually resulted in some bit of a cash movement out of EBITDA. 
Also, our DSO has improved significantly in the last four quarters. We've been able to reduce 
that from 29 to 19, releasing some bit of cash which was invested in the working capital. We 
feel as we move along, we should be able to maintain a very healthy 95% plus flow-through of 
cash from EBITDA. With the GIC transaction, we've been able to significantly reduce our net 
debt to EBITDA, close to 3.2x. 
We feel we should be reaching to a number lesser than 3 very soon. And this is primarily, again, 
driven by the fact that our assets have done really well. We have also been able to sell some of 
the assets which were not in the core markets, realizing some bit of cash. And with that, we've 
been able toreach to 3.2x, going to about 3 times as we move along. 
Our overall cost of borrowing also has reduced 
to 9.2% as we speak, close to about 54% of our 
overall debtis at a cost of borrowing of less than 9%. The debt that we have borrowed are pretty 
long-term in nature, ranging from 12 years to 14 years, with a ballooning structure which actually 
allows us to structure our repayments in such a way that at least in the initial few years, there is 
a very small amount of planned repayments, leaving higher cash for growth and further planned 
deleveraging. 
The recent financing that we have done is actually coming at a price of close to about 8.5%, 
which is significantly lower than our overall weighted average cost. Since about 80% of our 
overall borrowing is on a variable rate basis, and we have seen the current market trend where 
the cost of borrowing and RBI s also coming and reducing repo, we also feel that over a period 
of time, our overall cost should start reducing because of the variability that we have in our debt 
borrowing structure, and most of our borrowings are linked to cither repo or T-bills. 
This is very similar to the slide that we have spoken about earlier on the P&L. This has got some 
more matrices. Our balance sheet has actually truly transformed over the last few years. We had 
a negative net worth in financial year ‘23. Post our IPO and the duet acquisition, we were able 
to tum it around with a positive net worth in 2024. The net worth will continue to grow as we 
continue to report positive PAT as we go along. 
After the GIC transaction that we have done, our overall net debt to equity actually will go down 
to close to about 0.74%, as against the 1.74% that's there today. With that strong balance sheet 
and increased performance of our EBITDA and the portfolio, we feel that we are all set to take 
Page 16 of 49

SAMHI 
Nakul Manaktala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
the company to the next level and then provide ample opportunity for the team to grow. As 
Ashish said, we are actually truly set to go to greatness. 
‘With that, T'll ask Nakul to take it forward. 
Thank you, Rajat. Next, we have a return analysis to just show it's one thing to invest the capital, 
but how are we creating the required returns from that investment? Currently, our balance sheet 
has a total capital employed of around INR3,300 crores. Half of that is actually in what we call 
‘mature assets. 
Now these assets are where all the interventions that SAMHI was to take, be it changing the 
product, changing the brand, all other interventions that we typically make in our tumaround 
efforts, those have all been completed. So that portfolio is around half. The balanced half is 
actually our recent acquisitions, which is the ACIC portfolio, Trinity Whitefield, W Hyderabad. 
The capital we've deployed over the last two, three years is stuck in that balance half of our 
capital employed. 
If you look at our mature assets, the ROCE's generated by this tranche of the portfolio is almost 
17% to 18%, which wete very happy with. This truly demonstrates the strength of the product, 
the brand, the asset management, and, of course, the micro markets where these assets are located 
in. 
The other half of the portfolio, which is ACIC, Trinity, Whitefield, W, HITEC, here, the 
interventions are ongoing, and as we kind of execute our plan to tum around these assets, youll 
see portfolio ROCE's also converging towards our targeted ROCE of 15%. 
Now, complementing this path of ROCE expansion is this leaschold, variable lease model that 
we have. We have cight leases currently already active. The W, HITEC is our ninth lease, which 
we've recently signed and announced. Now, this strategy has worked really well for us in the 
past, as it insulates us from many of the typical greenfield development risks that Ashish earlier 
spoke about, the most important of which is lowering that magic capex-to-revenue cycle. 
If we were to do a typical greenfield development, we'e not seeing revenues for at least four to 
five years, if things go well. In this leasehold model, we can see capex-to-revenue cycle being 
anywhere from 15 to 18 to 24 months, so we see a rapid generation of revenues EBITDA and 
ROCESs. Also, what happens is the capex of the land and building we outsource to the lessor. 
So, this helps us create a very capital efficient ownership structure for the asset as well, and helps 
us also accelerate our growth, because for a much lower cost per key, we can add that many 
more keys. Currently, only around 13% of our portfolio revenues in FY25 came from this 
leasehold model, but we clearly want to now double down on this strategy and take it upwards 
of 20%, because when we see the ROCE profile of this strategy, it has clearly outperformed the 
freehold asset ROCE's. 
So, this is something we're very excited about, and I think Ashish will talk about how we can 
now our growth endeavors going forward, and how we'd like to capitalize on this strategy that 
we've very successfully executed. 
Page 17 of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So, the last bit before we get Q&A, three pivots for growth. One is of course same store, largely 
driven by strength of the markets, strength of the brand, and how good an asset management job 
we can do. So thats really your same store assets, more or less the mature assets that Nakul 
spoke about, which is currently at about 17% ROCE. 
The second bit s of the investment or the money we've invested in, but are in assets which are 
1ot stable or not operational. So, this would include things like the Four Points in Jaipur and 
Pune, where the rebranding is pending, this will include the W, the Westin, the Tribute, in 
Bangalore and Hyderabad. So here its all about execution. 
We've got the right locations, we've got the right assets, we've got fantastic brands, it all comes 
down to exccution. And as we execute and deliver these, you will see a significant change to 
SAMHT's potential. And the last bit is really we have now unlocked a lot of free cash from the 
business, and where we take that free cash for growth in future. So those are really three pivots. 
Now what we've tried doing is demonstrate the inherent potential of ‘installed capacity’. And 
“installed capacity’, as 
I mentioned, is assets where we've already committed capital, and 
actually a large part of capital. So if you see last reported year, we did a top line of about a 
INR1,000 crores. The execution pipeline only contributed about INR100 odd crores, INR104 
crores to that, so total reported number was about INR1,150 crores, with a margin of 39%, 
reporting in an EBITDA of INR443 crores pre-ESOP. 
If all the execution pipeline was ready today, and wete not forecasting future rates, we hate 
doing that by the way. So, let's just pick FY25 average room rates, for RevPAR, and multiply 
that by the inventory that we have, SAMHI's potential is about INR1,500 crores top line, and 
we are seeing a certain bit of operating leverage that always plays out as you expand the revenue, 
and should therefore deliver about a INR630 crores or INR6.3 billion of EBITDA. 
This is a number, this is purely based on execution, and because we are forecasting all of that on 
historical RevPAR’s, we feel we don't want to expose this number to any sort of a market risk. 
So that's the stage one, really. And these are just the internal growth projects that I just spoke 
about, which takes you from INR1,100 to INR1,500 odd crores, right? 
FY26, Holiday Inn Express Greater Noida, done. Holiday Inn Express Calcutta, done. Holiday 
Inn Express Bangalore Whitefield, done. Sheraton Hyderabad and Hyatt Regency Pune, fairly 
advanced stages, middle of the year, quarter three, these are operational, sothey1l start impacting 
or bringing more revenues. 
Next year, fiscal year, fairly confident, W Hyderabad and second is the rebranding of Four Points 
to Courtyard. 
W Hyderabad is exactly where one dreams of having a hotel and we could get an 
office building converted to a hotel on a variable lease Where we only pay a percentage of 
revenue as lease rent to the owner, effectively gives us a W at a cost per key, which probably 
today people will not be able to build a Courtyard, you know. So that gets open next year where 
the work is underway. 
The building was always ready, actually. A year after that, we get the Tribute Hotels in 
Bangalore Whitefield, which is currently operating as Trinity and the Four Points in Jaipur 
Page 18 0f 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
converted to Tribute and add more rooms, about 80-odd rooms, 
to 
our Fairfield 
in 
Sriperumbudur and a year after that, we open the 220-230 rooms Westin in Bangalore. So for 
this, we don't need Nakul. His title is VP Investments, his job is done. For this, we need people 
on ground to execute. We've been doing that for the last 14 years. We remain fairly confident 
that this is just about execution. 
A bit of a crystal ball gazing and give me some flex here, you know. If we were to take a total 
revenue growth of 13% to 15% from now till 2030, which actually factors in about 7% to 9% 
revenue growth in same-store hotels, and then the contribution of the new openings, the new 
openings we spoke about earlier, you know, and the margins that we're talking about 40%-41%, 
the cumulative EBITDA from hotel assets will be about INR3,500 crores for the five-year 
period. 
Our total interest cost, without assuming Rajat doing magic on financing costs, which he should, 
you know, is INR640 crores. We'll reduce our debt by incremental INR300 crores, so we expect 
taking that to - we want to take the debt to three digits really fairly quickly now, you know. And 
then we have about INRSS0 crores of planned capital expenditure in the previous slide, you 
know, what we call installed capacity. 
So if we reduce all of that, it gives us about an investable surplus of INR1,700 crores. We still 
are fairly confident of incremental capital of about at least INR200 crores coming from further 
capital recycling, so that gives us a significant amount of free cash over the next three to five 
years. Lam not adding to this. 
Potentially, GIC's ability to co-participate in some of those investments and multiply it by 1.4, 
1.5 times, actually 65-35, we actually therefore feel that with the GIC transaction, with the 
operating performance under our belt in FY 25, with the markets that we've chosen to be in and 
our strategy of acquisition conversion, quick capex to revenue, you know, SAMHI is truly ready 
to unlock value in future. Now, you would ask me, what can that INR2,000 crores do? 
The mature assets have a 17% ROCE, so the math should be reasonably simple, you know. I 
hope people are only becoming more experienced on my side and not senile, so the ROCEs 
should only be better in future than worse, because we have experience, we have all the data, we 
have lessons that we made, we made some bad investments, hopefully we've learned from not 
repeating them. So I believe that we should maintain a reasonably healthy profile on stabilization 
with the fresh capital that we put and really, anything short of this will be underperformance. 
Now, where could this business be? As 
I started by saying, I'n not here to forecast, I'm not here 
to sell, I'm only here to remove information asymmetry between what management knows and 
what you should know. So, word of caution, dont take it as a forecast or a promise or a 
‘marketing. This is what I know about my business and I thought it was my job to communicate 
the same to you, that if we keep doing our jobs well, you know, typically it's -- 
I would like it to 
be 9to 9, but it's typically 10 to 9. I think this is Where the company is destined 
to be in the near 
term. 
Page 19 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Upscale, we've spoken about, GIC is going to be a part of that story in future. We believe 
fantastic partner unlocks free cash. I'malso very worried that upscale hotels are capital intensive, 
and I'would like to have some sort of adult supervision, if I can use that word. Not that my Board 
isnt enough, but now for each upscale hotel we also need to go to GIC, and I'd love that sort of 
an oversight, because that's what I've grown up with, with Sam Zell, IFC Washington, Goldman 
Sachs, so on and so forth. 
Midscale, huge opportunity, especially if we can start growing the leasehold model. There are 
three parts 
to the continuum. Own the asset, manage the asset. So, own the asset is what 83% or 
87% of our revenues are currently from. Manage the assets is not our business, that's done 
beautifully by IHCL, Lemon Tree, so on and so forth. 
The reason we don't want to be on the other end is because you only get 5% of the revenue, and 
we are only 25 people in SAMHI, so we'd like to value our time and work where we can get at 
Least 85% of the revenues come to us and our shareholders, and that is the variable lease, where 
we dont take the risk of underlying land and building, but yet get 85% of the revenue as lease 
rents. 
And just clarification, we do not promise any rent. Soif we take a building on a 50-year lease or 
a 60-year lease, which is the typical lease tenure, the guarantees are only for the first three to 
five years. For 55 years, the owner has to completely take the risk of receiving a rent, which is 
nothing but the percentage of revenue. 
In COVID, in many hotels, that was zero, because there was no revenue, and we're not obligated 
to pay arent. So it' important that we don' transfer an on-balance sheet liability to off-balance 
sheet liability by not taking debt by creating fixed rents. We would not do that, and we are happy 
to lose nine out of ten deals, but we will not commit to any rent beyond five years. 
We've already spoken about this. This is really how we see the top line grow. We think the base 
case is 2x, and the rest s about how we deploy the investable surplus. Just the base case does 
1ot require an assumption that we're going to deploy any investable surplus. So if we're not able 
to find opportunities, we will not only have retired our debt, we would have retumed some 
‘money to you, caveat. 
If we don't find opportunities, that's hard to say about India. It's a country 
where opportunities will keep coming our way, and I think we'l find meaningful opportunities 
to invest that capital. 
This is just some nice images of what's coming your way. This hotel opens next year, actually, 
and it's impossible 
to get something like this open so quickly if you were to start digging a hole 
in Hyderabad. So we actually acquired an existing office building. We're going to retrofit that to 
be a hotel, and that's the reason that within two years one can see an operating hotel of 
a W 
standard in a market like Hyderabad. 
Now, our job doest stop here. It's constantly an endeavor to see optionality. Where can SAMHI 
be in next 10 years and 15 years and 20 years? Because some of those opportunities take years 
and decades to build competence, data, comfort, so on and so forth. I think there are two or three 
Page 20 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
trends that are really exciting. The first one is discretionary income, disposable income, and how 
that's getting spent on experiential leisure. And I think that's a trend we're watching very closely. 
We continue to have concerns around volatility, concerns around it being very fashionable, 
concerns around its ability to scale up, concerns around reinvestment cycle in leisure hotels. So 
we have our own concerns, but we cannot deny a consumer trend, which is people in India will 
have more and more and more money, and they would like to spend that in experiential leisure. 
The second thing that we are seeing actually is what's happening to branded residences. And I 
think we should not mistake branded residences for it being just a Westin and a Marriott and a 
Sheraton. We have seen branded residences in India explode. Globally, that's always an adjacent 
opportunity to hotels, and we continue to think that this could be a trend to watch out for. 
Full disclosures, this is just a trend that we watch. It's not an investment philosophy. Its not 
something that has even been taken to the Board so far. So these are the trends which I think we 
are watching out for, and we believe that once we fill those boxes that we showed you, and in 
10 years from now when we need to keep continuing to grow the SAMHI brand and the SAMHI 
portfolio, there are trends which could be fairly exciting. 
On sustainability, 
I have a very firm view. We will never do marketing of ESG. I just hate the 
whole concept when companies start putting fancy marketing slides on sustainability. First of 
all, you know who does sustainability the most in the world? Oil companies, because they are 
the ones who spoil it the most. And hotels are no different by the way. We use a great footprint, 
we are energy guzzlers, we produce a large degree of waste for our hotels, and my agenda here 
is we should minimize the impact that we create on environment through our hotels. 
Good news, our square feet per room in SAMHI s by far the smallest thanks to our Holiday Inn 
Express portfolio. So for the same number of rooms that we check in every year in our hotels, 
the environmental footprint that we have created is probably 50% of peers or the market. So 
that's a great start. 
When you dont create a problem, you dont have to really solve a lot of problems for yourself. 
The second, we are doing certain steps to further minimize the impact, and there are simple 
things we are doing. We just hate plastic. You see it in front of you, right? And not single-use 
plastic. Wejust hate plastic. 
So we have a team working in office to eliminate all plastic and they came apologetically and 
said, we've spoken to Samsung, and theyre saying we can climinate all plastic, except for the 
TV, because that still has plastic. But we are eliminating, when we are receiving material from 
vendors, we are saying it should not come in a plastic bag. Even if you're saying it's recyclable, 
because I think that's a piece of BS. So we are determined 
to remove plastic from our hotels over 
a period of time. Our bold mandate is Holiday Inn Express should become the first plastic-free 
hotel in the country as a chain. 
Second, of course, is electrification. We are increasingly going towards renewable energy. We 
are at about 30%-33% today, which is not bad for a company of our tenure and scale. We think 
we'd like to put it to about 40%-50% of our power needs coming from renewable. Unfortunately, 
Page 21 of 49

SAMHI 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
the law of the land is not very conducive. We cannot do interstate transportation very easily. 
Some of our hotels have low installed capacity, cant do PPP. So we're struggling with all sorts 
of limitations, but in spite of that, I think we're fairly committed that a lot of our hotels should 
eventually just draw power from renewable sources. 
On social, very simple, just do good around yourself, and the world will be good. So you can 
talk to people. We have a fair practice on employment. We were one of the first companies, 
actually, in 2011, to have six months of maternity leave way before the government of India 
introduced that as a law, or whatever it be. So we've always maintained practices which allow 
people to work with the company for long term, and I think if we just keep doing the small 
things, we would have done our bit, actually. 
On governance, its all about the Board. I started the company as a professional. 
am quite aware 
of the fact it is not my company. I have never been in an illusion that its my company, and I 
know people love the word promoter. You are the promoter, you are the founder. I'm a 
professional founder who created a company, worked with the best institutional investors over 
the last 14 years. 
I have been taught one thing. I run this business on behalf of the capital 
providers in the business, and the Board is the one who actually largely drives that decision. 
Some of the people on the Board, like Manav has been there for a very long time. He runs 
Hotelivate. Deep experience in hotels. Afish is here, who is representative of a sharcholder. 
Really important for us to have a large shareholder being represented on the Board. We have 
people like Mike Holland, who some of you may know, because he was first CEO of JLL in 
India, and then he became the first CEO of an office REIT, which is Embassy Office Parks. He 
has deep experience of real estate and markets in India. 
We have people like Aditya Jain, who runs International Market Assessment, IMA, which is 
nothing short of the EIU for India, Economic Intelligence Unit. We have Archana, who in the 
past has worked with Tourism Finance Corporation of India, TFCIL, so has really good 
experience for banking and finance. And Krishan actually has a long-standing experience 
outside of India in banking with Bank of America, and then he was CEO of Oracle in India. So 
we've got a very strong Board. 
Ican tell you one of the recent decisions, the management team could not even recommend what 
it needs to do, and it actually went to Mike Holland. We set up a separate committee to let them 
decide what we need to do, and it actually a decision whether or not we should sell or hold an 
asset. And we felt the management team was too divided about making that call. 
Sot's a really active Board. Youll get to speak 
to Ajish over refreshments later today. You can 
ask him how much we make our Board work hard. Sam again taught me your Board members 
are the cheapest consultants you can hire. So A, hire them well, and two, make them work hard, 
because you dont have to pay them that much as you pay a consultant. So! think we're doing so 
far a decent job. We'l continue to make them work harder. And I think that's all about from our 
side. Thank you so much for your patience. I know it was long, and we're happy to now take 
questions. 
Page 22 of 49

SAMHI 
Namit Arora: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Namit Arora: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Yeah, sure. Hi, Ashish and team. This is Namit Arora from Indgrowth Capital. Thank you for a 
very detailed and fascinating presentation. I would appreciate some more color on GIC. Firstly, 
compliments to you. Youve had a 14-year history of very marquee partnerships, and it doesnt 
get bigger than that. But please give us some color, so the drivers for the GIC partnership. 
Obviously, probably 
it was also capital structure, balance sheet to some extent, growth 
opportunities, and do you feel that at this stage of the life cycle of the company, did you feel 
that, you know, it was the right timing? 
T'm just trying to see your ability to capture more upside, and what are the future possibilities 
that you see with GIC given the size of their balance sheet, their experience? Just give us some 
color around the drivers, how long the partnership discussions went on, and the potential from 
it because from outside, it seems like you have a phenomenal blank check beyond which you 
really don't need more capital. 
So first lesson I've leamed in life, there's nothing called a blank check. 
Great point, thanks. 
There's nothing called a blank check. And when I started the company, I had Sam Zell, I had 
Goldman Sachs, 
I had the World Bank, and 
I had my own challenges in COVID, let me tell you 
that. So lessons learned, what a company has, it has. I will never rely on anybody else’s check 
for future. 
Having said that, GIC was a transaction which for us achieved multiple things in a single stroke. 
The first and the most important was capital recycling. And my apologies, Il repeat Sam. He 
said, what you hold is what you choose to buy. So if today you own SAMHIS stock, and its at 
INR205, whatever it is, you've chosen to buy SAMHI at INR205 because you've not sold it on 
that day. The same applies to asset owners. 
If today I have an asset which somebody wants to give me INR1,000 crores for, and if Isay no 
to selling that hotel, T have again chosen 
to buy that hotel for INR1,000 crores on that day. So 
capital recycling is a Holy Grail for creating long-term value in income-producing hard-asset 
businesses. For us, Courtyard and Fairfield by Marriott Bangalore; Hyatt Regency, Pune, are 
two assets where we thought we had created reasonable value for our shareholders. 
Alot in Courtyard, Fairfield, Bangalore, and not a lot in Hyatt Regency, Pune, but still enough. 
And Ithink it was a fiduciary 
to extract some of that capital from those assets and deploy them 
in the story that we've just enumerated for you, because We want to go from 2% yield to 17% 
ROCE. It's not necessarily a job to hold 17% to 19% for the next 10 years. So capital recycling 
was really important. 
Now, for non-core assets, I can sell the hotel. We've sold Four Points Chennai. We will sell one 
o two more non-core assets, which do not really move the needle for my revenue and EBITDA. 
That's important. And I dont see long-term prospects. But for large assets, 
I don't want to sell 
the hotel, because I still see long-term value in Bangalore, in Outer Ring Road, in those hotels, 
but I'm still greedy to take some money off the table. 
Page 23 of 49

SAMHI 
Namit Arora: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
And we opened the hotel in 2015. We invested about INR300 crores in the entire asset. 2016 to 
2024, about 9-0dd years total profits EBITDA from that hotel was about INR400 crores, 
including losses during COVID years. And we divested 35% of that hotel for about INR390 
crores. So we've created reasonable value still on 65%, and when we see an opportunity like 
that, we will strike. And we will strike time and again to monetize value that is stuck in our 
assets. 
And Iwill repeat, I hold the assets in trust on your behalf. Its not my hotels. And I have a very 
different approach to, with all due respect to promoter, who's holding the assets for himself and 
his family. I run a trust company, in all faimess, where I'm holding the assets on your behalf. 
When I see the value, 
Iwill act to realize that value. So that was a first, capital recycling without 
losing control over the business. 
The second was an iritable word, leverage. Now, we were very confident that this company is 
set to go to the numbers that we just showed you, and INR1,850 crores or INR1,950 crores of 
debt was not biting me. It would not put the company at risk of solvency or cash flows, but yet 
we respect all of you in this room and outside where we felt that when you looked at us and the 
peers, you had a bit of an anxiety about our leverage levels, and therefore we felt, as we do 
capital recycling, the first use of that could be really to deleverage our balance sheet, create 
stealth around it. 
And Idont have a godfather, 
I don't have a dad to call, 
I dont have an MNC backed somewhere 
else that I can call in tough times. Over a period of time, 
I will insulate our balance sheet from 
any outside risk, because I cant call anybody for capital, and I leamed that in COVID. So that's 
two. And third is the partner. And I will repeat, and I'l say this, and I'm sure this will get 
transcribed and put on the website. 
I wouldn't have done this deal with more than five ivestors 
globally, because we are looking for class, we're looking for caliber, we're looking for patience, 
and we're looking for governance standard, which augment what we stand for. 
And I don't think you can find a better partner than GIC. They have deep experience in India, 
theyre not new to India, they understand real estate and hotels better than a lot of us would 
understand real estate and hotels. Let me tell you, post-closing, they sent us an engineering 
checklist. 
I would have paid at least INR50 lakh for that to a consultant. So put these three things 
together, and after the first round of negotiation, I really had aniety that I should close this. So 
I hope I've answered your... 
Yes, very helpful. Please go ahead. 
For future, yes, the intent is to grow the platform. You know, somebody like a GIC would just 
1ot come and put $80 million, do all of that hard work. Our intent is that the GIC platform, we 
codenamed it Rafiki, you know, Gyana loves Lion King. So our IPO was Simba, GIC is Rafiki. 
We think Rafiki could be the mothership of upscale hotels in future. We are 14 years old, allow 
us at least 20 years, and Id like to believe that our upscale portfolio will be competing with many 
upscale peers in the market, and our mid-scale portfolio will be competing with many mid-scale 
peers in the market. 
Page 24 of 49

SAMHI 
Namit Arora: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
These are two separate businesses in future, but we've just had 14 years of which three years 
were wasted in COVID, you know, so allow us five more years and I'm quite confident we'll get 
there. So GIC is -- our intent is between the two partners to remain committed to growing this 
platform, but as I said, they have a mind of their own, we have our own Board, and therefore at 
cach deal we have to sit together and decide whether it's going to be done together or not. 
Thank you very much for your detailed thoughts, Ashish. Most helpful and all the best to the 
entire team. Thank you. 
We need to get the mics be closer to, yeah. We have only one mic? Okay. 
Hello. Am I audible? Hi Ashish. I was looking to one slide if you can take back that ROCE-wise 
slide. We were showing some ROCE of matured assets around some 17% to 18% or something. 
Yeah, keep going. 
So, if what I understood, correct me wrong, your matured assets earns around 40%-42% of 
EBITDA and ACIC portfolio... 
No. The capital employed in them is about 50-0dd percent. 
Yeal, that T understood. 
The revenue contribution would be how much, Nakul, from them? 
So again, my point is... 
70% revenue contribution. 
Okay, yes. My point is how much the matured assets eams EBITDA as compared to ACIC 
portfolio? In the earlier also we have given guidance like ACIC portfolio will cross around 40% 
EBITDA, somewhere around 38-39 it was there and it may cross 40% EBITDA. Then, why 
these assets are still making ROCE of 5% to 6%? 
So there are two things. Number one, there are two assets being held for renovation and 
rebranding which is Four Points Pune and Four Points Jaipur. So of course, once the assets are 
held for renovation, they are far below where their true potential could be. That's one. Two, ina 
year or so there was a very large amount of goodwill that we had captured 
in the capital employed 
in ACIC. So that had some bit of an effect but we believe goodwill was fairly priced, so to say. 
Soas you see the Four Points converting to a Courtyard and the Four Points in Jaipur converting 
into a Tribute, you would see a significant expansion because the contribution of those assets to 
ACIC is pretty large actually. Pune is the largest asset in ACIC. So with those renovations and 
rebranding completing, you would see ACIC jump significantly. 
And by the way, ROCE jump is pretty significant as you stabilize an asset. So it does not creep 
from 5 t0 6 to 7 to 8 to 9. You would actually see a pretty significant jump from 7% to become 
Page 25 0f 49

SAMHI 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Hardik: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
9%-10% and eventually jumping up to about 14%-15%. It largely to do with those two assets 
which is Jaipur and Pune which are currently being held for renovation and rebranding. 
And one more thing, just want to know your thought process why this SAMEHI is only focusing 
on the business hotel something, not focusing on leisure, correct? So, what is the negative side 
of that business you see or let's say SAMEI is ot entering into that segment? You have some 
reasons for that? Because those entities who runs the leisure also makes a similar type of 
EBITDA? 
Absolutely. Listen, let me clarify. We like leisure. We think its got legs to run for several 
decades in India. It's got nothing to do with quality of the opportunity. But each company has a 
circle of competence. And our competence is around business hotels. And we feel we are not 
done. So when I showed you that chart of how many micro-markets, three hotels in cach micro- 
market, we are 34 hotels of the 150 hotels we can potentially have without distracting ourselves. 
Sowe have alot of work to do in our core strategy. Once we are done, I told you we are tracking 
what's happening in the leisure space. There are certain concerns that we have. Number one is 
that leisure business tends to be very temperamental. I mean, who knew Lakshadweep? Mr. 
Modi goes and takes a dip and Lakshadweep is really popular. And its difficult to forecast trends 
like that. Two, lesson we have from the US market is a lot of you will be worried about EBITDA 
to CFO largely because of maintenance capex, what happens beyond a point of time. 
Our study that we got done by a third party for a US market, which is very large and very old, 
is there are two sets of hotels which have a very high reinvestment cycle, luxury and resorts. 
Segments which are very low in reinvestment cycle is suburban or mid-market business hotels. 
So again, we are a bit lazy. If we've gotten to 17% ROCE in mature assets, 
I dont want in the 
nexttwo years I have to deploy so much more capital to maintain them that that 17 becomes 14 
and then I have to work hard again. 
So we'd like to be in an asset class where there is no two steps forward, one step backward 
because it's hard work 
to get there. Again, I'n not demeaning leisure. I think it's a great place to 
be. I'm quite sure not today, but sometime in future SAMHI will be in leisure. But today we find 
enough excitement and capabilities to execute business. And that's all. Its to do with us. It's 
nothing to do with the market opportunity. 
Thank you. 
Hi, this is Hardik from Param Capital. So my question is also a little bit around the ACIC 
portfolio. 
Ijust want to build on that. Can you talk a little bit about the path to a mid-teens ROCE 
for the ACIC portfolio? At the same time, could you also talk a little bit about the Navi Mumbai 
land parcel? Did that have an impact on ROCE? I don't know what sort of accounting method 
you use because that will be an NPA now, right? And if you could also talk a little bit about the 
development timeline for that, that would be helpful. 
So ACIC, T1l take the second question first. So Navi Mumbai 
is excluded from the capital 
employed. We took the write-off, I think Q3 FY '24 around INR75 crores. So that reduced our 
Page 26 of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
capital employed base. Hopefully, we get it back in the next quarter and then well write back 
that amount and that will be added back in our capital employed. 
From the first question, so currently ROCES are around 5.5% to 6.5%. So as Ashish mentioned, 
right, we have two hotels in Pune and Jaipur. These are around 340-odd rooms. Currently 
operating as Four Points in Pune and Jaipur, two very strong markets, or reasonably strong 
‘markets rather. When we upgrade them to a Courtyard and a Tribute, the segmentation changes 
from upper midscale to an upscale. 
And as we showed you in our quarterly presentation, the revenue per key when you change the 
swim lane of segmentation almost doubles. So we'll clearly see a massive improvement in top 
line, but also you'll see very strong flow-throughs to the bottom line. And as we depreciate the 
asset also over the next two, three years and get the EBITDA and EBIT rather, from a capital 
employed perspective to re-rate, youll see this slowly getting into the early teens and maturing 
towards our mature assets. 
Also, the conversion of the balanced three assets in Hyderabad, Chennai, Mahindra World City, 
and Ahmedabad just took place a few months back. So that conversion from franchise to 
managed. So now Marriott and their sales network is now completely involved in the business. 
So initially the focus was to correct the cost basis, so margins have expanded from let' say 30- 
odd percent to now 41%, 42% for those three assets in Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Chennai. 
But now with the next 12 to 18 months, you'll see the revenue profile of these three assets also 
materially changing and with strong flow-throughs we'll see the EBIT contribution of these three 
assets also materially re-rating. 
And to add to what Nakul just said, we also have an incremental opportunity in Fairfield, 
Hyderabad, which is an ACIC asset, one of the largest assets actually, 232 rooms. There are two 
sets of opportunities that hotel had no meeting spaces and we are now putting some meeting 
spaces through the course of this year in that hotel. That whole building had five extra floors, 
which during COVID was sold, you know, to get some cash by ACIC. 
We are fairly confident to get those four or five floors back and that would be a game-changer 
because that's 130 additional rooms in a market like Hyderabad. But that we've not factored in 
when we're talking about taking it to mid-teen ROCES, right? So we have levers. They are 
working well. Cost is largely done. Revenue, we've started sceing growth coming into markets 
like Hyderabad and Mahindra World City. 
The two hotel conversions are a big, big, big change. Let me tell you, Four Points Jaipur is hardly 
giving anything to us right now, you know. The hotel is — I joke around and say, if you ask me, 
do you have a hotel in Jaipur? T'l say, no, because it's not good, right? You should book any 
other competitors' hotels, not ours today. And it just tells you to the potential of that hotel once 
it renovated and rebranded. So ACIC, we are fairly confident that we'll get pushed 
to the mid- 
teens. 
And the rest s really growth. 
I mean, the W Hyderabad, the Tribute, all of that is just a question 
of installing capacity. Il give you an example. For Tribute, how much capital employed will be 
Page 27 of 49

SAMHI 
Hardik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Hardik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Hardik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Hardik: 
Rushil: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
in there, Nakul? So INR210 crores capital employed is in Trinity, Bangalore. Today, the 
EBITDA from that would be INR10 crores? INRY crores-INRS crores, actually. But it's going 
to be 360 rooms. And my Courtyard in Bangalore today does an EBITDA per key of INR33 
lakhs, today. 
So if Bangalore stops growing, this asset on completion is INR100 crores EBITDA minus the 
depreciation. We have zeto debt there, so there's no interest cost. So that asset is very easy to 
push beyond 15% ROCE. So1 think on the spending tumnaround and growth, fairly easy. ACIC, 
we are doing what we need to do to get it to that point. 
Great, thank you. Just one question you might have missed. Just around Navi Mumbai, could 
you just talk about where that is now? Outside of ROCE calculation, just where it is? Do we 
plan 
to develop anything over there and how that's going? 
Yeah, so we have been made to believe by the administration that they kind of agree to the merits 
of our case, that we are a qualified institutional investor, that we have taken requisite steps as 
were necessitated by these terms, and therefore they are moving the proposal internally to 
withdraw that termination notice that we had received. I think it will take a few months because, 
as you know, it has to move a few floors and offices. But so far, we have been very humbled 
by 
the response we've received from the administration. 
And honestly, we made a fairly impassionate plea that you've got to look at our faces and tell us 
what's wrong with us. If we can't build a hotel, who else can? And these are also places where a 
partnership with somebody like GIC helps you because a lot of you may think that there's no 
powerful promoter here, so can we be taken for ride? The answeris not at all. 
We've built a whole business over the last 14 years because we have institutional reputation. 
And having somebody like a GIC only strengthens that institutional reputation that you have 
with the local administration. So we remain fairly upbeat, but you know what? I like to follow 
accounting standards. If its written off, it's not there. When it comes, we'll write it back. 
None of the projections include Navi Mumbai? 
Not at all. Yes, even the growth projections don't include Navi Mumbai. 
It's just a capital deployment or the revenue potential does 
it factor in? As we solve the 
opportunity we will bring it back, at full rate, remain subject fo... 
We have the brand locked in. We have the basic designs locked in. We know it's going to be a 
350 room hotel at a fabulous location in a great market. And Afish s here, so I dont want to say 
ittoo often, but we really got a good price. But I think it's about solving a very operative problem, 
‘which we will. And that could potentially be another INR100 crore EBITDA asset for us. 
Great. Thank you. 
My name is Rushil from PINC Wealth. Since COVID was a tough phase for us, and since you 
mentioned it, we had a case study that we have survived it. So just wanted to know what mistakes 
Page 28 0of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rushil: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rushil: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Gyana Das: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
we had made and what steps We took to come out from the tough phase and became today a 
strong player. And again, going forward, what is further room to improve? 
Inhindsight, it easy to say what was a mistake, but look at our books. We were about INR1,800 
crores net debt pre-COVID. And INR1,800 crores debt as of 2 months back was not so bad. So 
the company was never over levered pre-COVID. Tt was levered 
to the extent we had acquired 
the asset. Of course, as a private company, youre very comfortable with leverage going up to 4, 
4.5, 5 times, because it's long-term debt, your DSCRs will be healthy, all of that. 
1 think one lesson we learned is optimism is not a great friend, especially when it comes to 
balance sheet. Optimism is a great friend when it comes to P&L, because you want to go for 
greatness. But when it comes to balance sheet, optimism s not necessarilya friend to any degree, 
by the way. And I think that's where the transformation has happened on the management team, 
where I'm quite certain that 
I want to effectively bulletproof the balance sheet for any such thing 
to be repeated. 
How did we survive is because we believe in the inherent value of our assets. And that's a good 
thing about our business. Me and my partners for the first 10, 12 years have paid dearly to bring 
to you what you today own, those of you who own us, which is that we acquired assets, we took 
massive losses through depreciation in the first few years. Today, you are acquiring a business 
o you are owning a business which has largely depreciated their legacy assets. You have income 
coming through that. And in future, you dont have to worry about being dispossessed, rentals 
growing, so on and so forth, right? 
So I think for future, the current base is fantastic for investors to hold on to. For us, it wasjust a 
conviction that our assets have value and a simple rule that only survivals get to tell their tale. 
So the focus was on survival. We sold our hotel, we raised some capital, we went to our 
sharcholders. And by the way, all of our sharcholders minus one participated and they got paid 
2.5 times back in 15 months. 2.5 times hard cash return to them in 15 months. 
So I think we have survived through COVID because we believed in the inherent value. I still 
continue to believe that the inherent value of SAMHI s far more than what can ever be reflected 
on a P&L balance sheet, let alone a ticker on a stock market. But it's our job to keep realizing 
that value over the next few years. 
Second question is on the SID part, which is our Intel. So basically, it's helped us and actually 
gives us competitive advantage in terms of efficiency or capital deployment. So while leveraging 
to other players, so can we say that we are also losing competitive advantage at the same time? 
For? 
SID 
Oh, SID. 
Yes. I think that's not. I think what market chance is that its inherent value or a knowledge that 
we have developed over the last decade and a half. What we only want to know s that you carry 
Page 29 of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Gyana Das; 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rushil: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rushil: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rushil: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rushil: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
the value capital deployed by the shareholders over the last decade and a half. If there is a value 
we need to be worried. As Ashish said... 
But listen, don't take it too seriously. We're not going to monetize SID anytime soon. And if we 
monetize, it11 be the algorithm, not the data. You know, so there's a big difference between value 
and data and value and the code. If at all ever we provide subscription to any hotel company, it 
will only be for the code, not for the data. The data will remain to be ours. 
Ifat all we do that, actually, in the future, it because we need more data. Right now, the data is 
only for our 34 hotels. We'd love the data to be coming from 50 other hotels, right? So don't 
worry. And first of all, let's not get excited about it. You know, I'm sorry I was too optimistic. 
You know, we have done that because we feel there's a value, but let's not get distracted from 
what our business is really, you know. 
‘We are not into Tech. 
Correct. 
And 87 of our land is, I guess, saw the presentation, that 87% of our capital employed is through 
the land owned and 13% is through lease hold. 
No, no, that's revenue contribution. 
Revenue contribution. 
Revenue contribution. 
But the capital employed will also be about 8, 9.... 
85-15 approximately. 
So is there any room that, you know, whatever the land we hold, can we tum it into a lease? 
Oh wow, it looks so nice, but not possible. No, not possible. And a lot of investors who spoke 
to us said, oh wow, we can sell all these hotels, lease them back. Let's get the maths right. Why 
would somebody do that? Because when somebody buys your hotel, he's giving you what? Hard 
cash. And hard cash is a value equivalent to hard cash. 
When I take somebody's empty office building which has not been leased for the last 2 years, 
the value could be anything. So I am playing a bit of an arbitrage on the value of his asset for 
him and for me. Butif I sell my asset to somebody, he's giving me hard cash. He will say, what's 
my return on hard cash? And I won't be able to solve it. So we are playing on lack of opportunity 
for those buildings which we get a discount for and we convert them to hotels. 
If we have to sell our hotels and lease them back, 
I wish I was that smart. But 
I think standing 
here on the stage, 
I have little optimism about being able to do so. What we can do is what we've 
done with GIC. Create value, monetize part, take that capital, recreate more value. But I think 
sale and lease back is a very nice word. But India is a very high cost of capital market. It's 
Page 30 of 49

Gyana Das: 
Rushil: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Analyst: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Prashant: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
possible if tomorrow all of you go and create platforms where financing is available at 5%, 4%, 
I can do that. But when the financing is available at 9%, 10%, there is no - I dont play for 200. 
I'm not a bank. I dont get excited about 100 basis points, right. 
We need 500 basis points, 700 basis points margin to play. Not available. I think it's more about 
the lack of opportunity for those buildings that we bank on. But if somebody is giving me cash, 
he's also always an opportunity for cash to be taken elsewhere, really. 
Also we're playing a lease also in the midscale segment which is Holiday Inn Express. The 
alternate usage of small plots also not there and we exactly come in there. We say that small 
footprint allow us to pack in more inventory. And there’s an arbitrage between alternate usage 
vs the hotel. 
Thank you. 
Can you share with us how many rooms are there in mature turnaround and ACIC? 
Oh, youre that - yes, Nakul. 
Yes, yes. Sure. So if you see the mature assets, Ihave around 3600 odd rooms. The mature assets 
are around 3000 odd rooms. The ACIC portfolio is around 800 rooms. Pending turnaround, 
which s assets in Ahmedabad, Vizag, that will have around 280 odd rooms. The growth pipeline 
is primarily Trinity Whitefield, which is 142 odd rooms. And the held for sale is 270 odd rooms. 
Thanks. And what do you think that this other classes other than mature assets time frame needed 
to be again generating 17%, 18%? 
Typically 4 to 5 years post-operational. So obviously we had a 3-year blip because of COVID, 
but the typical life cycle to reach mid-teen ROCE is 3 to 4 years post-opening. 
No, no. Im referring to the assets held at this point of time in different classes other than the 
‘mature. How much time are the segment going to take to reach to 17%, 18% 
Oh, okay. So I think ACIC portfolio, we would have been completing the 2 re-brandings by end 
of next year. Yes. So as they get rebranded, you'll see a big shift in. You see the Hyderabad work 
will be done within this year, the meeting rooms and all of that. Soit'l be fair to assume that by 
FY 28 ACIC would be at the double-digit mark in ROCE's, pending turnaround. Yes, so this 
also, I think FY '28 is a fair number to take plus minus 2 quarters really. 
About 2 to 3 fiscal years, financial years for it to be at mid-teens. 
Thanks a lot. 
Hi, this is Prashant from Elara Capital. Sir, how would you ensure that the ex of GIC platform, 
which is standalone, SAMHI also gets its fair share of upper upscale and upscale assets? 
So we dont see it that way. Honestly, if you think we'd like to grow the — we already have 3 
upscale hotels which are not part of the GIC joint venture, which is your Sheraton in Hyderabad. 
Page 31 0f 49

SAMHI 
Prashant: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Its 
a 
great 
asset. Remaissance 
in Ahmedabad and Hyatt Place 
in Gurgaon, plus the 
underdevelopment W in Hyderabad. So we have a fair share of upscale hotels which are as of 
today not part of the GIC transaction. 
As far as we are concerned, in future, whatever we do with GIC is still SAMHI because we own 
65% of that portfolio and only 35% capital contribution is coming from GIC. So we don't 
necessarily see that 100% versus 65% will reflect in your accounting, minority interest, all of 
that. But we really are not perturbed about is GIC going to take all upscale? First of all, it's our 
decision, right. Do we even today continue to hold a large part of upscale on our own 100% 
books? 
Im not denying the fact that in future, as we push Sheraton Hyderabad through that ROCE 
profile that we just showed you, We may want to talk to GIC saying, do you want to take 35% 
in this? Because that will allow me to free up a lot more capital, right, and add to that INR1,700 
crore investable surplus to be even a larger number. 
So our purpose is to grow the platform, consolidate that, and do it in a manner that is accretive 
on the earings. But I necessarily don't worry about GIC, non-GIC, because everything is 
SAMHL Theyte just a minority shareholder there. 
So secondly, would you like to add Mumbai to your major micro-markets in the next 4 to 5 
years? 
‘Would we like to? Yes, at the right price. For us, the ratio between real estate cost and room 
rates have to be attractive. And so far, we haven't seen that in Mumbai. We drive higher rates 
for comparable hotels and markets like Bangalore today for a fraction of a real estate cost. And 
for many companies which are self-branded or self-managed, they have one issue, distribution, 
that they need to have hotels in all gateway cities to be able to sell the network. 
Irent distribution. I rent it out from the brands. So I don't have to overpay to enter a market to 
build distribution. We will only go in markets where we can secure the mid-teens ROCE's. Trust 
me, it is not easy to do that in Mumbai. Unless you follow the old formula of investing in hotels, 
which was future is equal to present into hope for perpetuity. The classic formula is current 
income into growth rate is to the power number of years. So unless you don't assume perpetual 
optimism for current rates, you cant really take a capital call in Mumbai today. 
There are apartments being sold for INR700 crores. You're asking about hotels. T don't think I 
can afford to buy a house in Mumbai, let alone buy a hotel as of today. But Navi Mumbai will 
giveus a great entry. Mumbai is constrained on airline capacity. 45 million and that's it. It cannot 
grow beyond 45-50 million passengers at the current airport. Navi Mumbai is going to be 100 
million passengers, right. 
So if you've read a book called, the book on Mumbai, I forgot the name, it said that 5 real estate 
developers and the Chief Minister created a cartel to kill Mumbai so that everything is retained 
in South Bombay. Otherwise, it was always supposed to be Navi Mumbai. And thankfully, 
because of Afal Setu, the new airport, that old dream of Mumbai being 
a large urban 
Page 32 0f 49

SAMHI 
Prashant: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Prashant: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Prashant: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Prashant: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Viraj: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
conglomerate will be realized. And I think if we get Navi Mumbai, if is a big if, we'll have the 
asset at the right spot. 
Lastly, your capex plans beyond W, Westin and Trinity? 
We said, we have about INR880 crores of committed capital expenditure. And there's a long list 
that if you see a quarter 4 presentation, there's an annexure there. So it will include, the biggest 
one will be the Westin and the Tribute in Bangalore. 
Beyond all that? 
So, yes, beyond that is W, then there’s a conversion of Courtyard, the Pune and Jaipur hotels, 
the new rooms in Hyatt Regency. Are you talking about acquisitions? 
Beyond FY 129, if you have anything 
to share, apart from Westin, Tribute and... 
So we are talking about an investable surplus for which we have to find opportunities to deploy 
that capital. Currently, we have an INR88O crore capex plan that we've accounted for. Al of that 
List is with us. All those assets are with us right now. That's what takes the portfolio from install 
INR1,100 crores to INR1,500 crores top line at current room rates. So that we need INRSS0 
crores. But beyond that, we still have about forecasted let's say INR1,500 to INR1,700 crores of 
investable surplus. 
As we secure those opportunities, we'll discuss them. We cant discuss speculative opportunities. 
But we are tracking opportunities in core markets like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, NCR. Soas 
we secure them, we'll obviously we intimate you within 3 hours. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. Yes, sir. 
Hi, this is Viraj from MoneyGrow. Have you had a credit rating review after the GIC deal? And 
given the last wedge of capital was financed at 8.5% and your balance was at 9 plus are you 
likely to go through a refinancing fairly soon? 
So, We got a recent rating done where the rating has actually now reached to A-. The plan is 
actually to get the re-rating discussions started once the capital was in, which has recently come 
in. We will start the discussion with the rating agencies and we are positive about it, but there is 
no discussion that has been started as of now. 
On the refinancing bit, there is definitely a market for us because the bankers also understand 
the entire change which has happened both in the operating side, as well on the balance sheet. 
So, with this 8.5% refinancing, we are discussing internally. There are opportunities for us to 
actually refinance and bring the overall weighted average cost of borrowing down, but that's 
something which s still in the pipeline. 
One of the things we have started doing, and lessons you learn when you go private to public, 
carlier we would take a loan for 12 years and let us say we paid INESO as an upfront fee, and 
Page 33 0of 49

SAMHI 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Unknown Analyst: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
the upfront will be amortized over the 10-year of the loan which is 10 years. Now, you've paid 
the money, so you are not worried about it. But let's say three years later, your credit rating 
improves, you have to refinance it, you have to take the unamortized part of the upfront through 
your P&L, and which happened this year. You know, almost 7... 
Yes. We refinanced the Sheraton Hyderabad. 
How much did we take through our P&L? 
About INR6-0dd crores. 
About INR6-0dd crores of financing cost was non-cash because the unamortized portion of the 
upfront had to be taken through our P&L, lessons learned. So, what we now do, for instance, the 
latest refinancing which Rajat has done is for 13 years, upfront is INR 2.25. We are going to 
amortize it in 2 years. So, when Rajat tells you 8.45, it assumes the entire amortization is 
happening in 2 years. 
It leaves him to be fully flexible to refinance it after 2 years without his ivitating footnotes that 
the finance cost in this quarter includes a non-cash one time and I know all of you hate those 
footnotes. So, we have started taking a more aggressive view to amortize the upfiont so that we 
can keep refinancing. 
Actually, the rate of interest for that facilities is 8.35% and the 0.25% processing fees which we 
are amortizing in 2 years and hence we say that, you know, the cost of borrowing is 8.5%. If we 
continue to actually hold that financing, assuming no reduction of repo or otherwise, you know, 
reduction in the rate in the market, then after 2 years, the rate, in fact, goes down to 8.35%. 
So, I'think... 
So, sorry, just to continue to what Ashish said, we have done this for all the new loans. 
Unfortunately, our auditors did not agree to do the same thing for the loans which were in 
existence at that point of time. We are now going back to them with a case study because 
historically, SAMHI has been able to refinance his loan every 2 to 3 years. With that historical 
case study is what we are going to be representing again 
to our auditors asking us to accelerate 
the amortization of those premiums. 
Hi, Ashish, Gyana and Nakul. First of all, congratulations on first full year of profits. And my 
question was actually related to your investable surplus that you said you will be generating 
around INR1,700 crores of investable surplus over the next 3 to 4 years. And from a broader 
strategy perspective, where do you see this surplus going in terms of key markets and key 
segments? 
And related 
to that, are you able to find right opportunities, attractive opportunities given we are 
at the peak of the up cycle? So any assets that you are able to find at discount to replacement 
cost? 
Page 34 0of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So I think we showed you that table of micro markets and segments. So our playground is in 
front of us and it has been in front of us for 14 years. But yes, full admission, every year we 
revisit 
if any new micro market should be added. And good thing in India is that urbanization, 
new micro markets keep getting added. For instance, 
I would have never talked about North 
Bangalore 10 years back. The Hebbal to airport belt, right for instance. 
Or for that matter, even Navi Mumbai. We would have not been speaking of Navi Mumbai with 
so much of excitement if this conversation was being done in 2015. In Gurgaon, areas like 
Manesar would have not been spoken with any amount of optimism. So this list keeps getting 
updated every year and you will see it expanding from 45 micro markets to 50, 60. 
So I think we have the playground in front of us, clearly where we want to be. And my lessons 
of having invested capital in the sector for almost now 25 years is you need to go where you 
want to go, not where you're getting an opportunity to go. Which means, if a broker calls you 
and says, sir, we have a hotel to sell in Jammu, your answer should be no. And your answer 
should not be, let's look at it. Because you have defined a discipline box in which you need to 
invest your capital, right. So I think that's there. 
In terms of opportunities, it's a very difficult business, but good news is we hold 85-100% of the 
revenues to ourselves. So to deliver that 18-19% revenue CAGR, I'd probably need to do a deal 
every year or every six quarters and that will help us accelerate the company to where it needs 
to be. 
We realize that hotels are becoming pricey. Theyre becoming pricey because of, of course, 
variety of reasons. Number one, operating performance is very good and therefore it encourages 
people to hold on to the assets. 
Two, public markets are just too rewarding and so long as you have more than one hotel, you 
can be a public company. And therefore they have access to capital, don't necessarily need to go 
to private players. But we realize there's a stress building up in non-hotel assets. 
Defunct offices, defunct malls, could potentially be defunct large residential projects where the 
developer got the mathematics or the economics wrong and the asset was not built for the market 
it was supposed to be. Because we are multi-branded, multi-segment, we have the ability to 
transform those 
to some sort of a hotel project. It could either be a W or a Holiday Inn Express 
or a Fairfield or anything in between. 
So the optionality we have of the brand allows us to stick to the locations and our strategy of 
conversion. But let me not make a tall promise that we have 100 hotels that we are tracking 
today. I think we are tracking a reasonable set of opportunities which will allow us to invest a 
surplus. 
Somebody asked me on the analyst call, now with GIC deal, would you be aggressive about 
investments? And I said that two things should never be set together. You should always be 
disciplined about investments, you should never need to get aggressive about investments. 
Page 35 0f 49

Gyana Das: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So I remain fairly confident that we'll find a place for our capital. Dont forget we built the 
company for 14 years through acquisition and turnaround. You know, we could find an office 
building in the heart of Hitec city Hyderabad to be converted to a W and nothing less but a W. 
And if you go and see that building, I'l encourage anyone of you who go to Hyderabad, please 
g0 and see where the site is. It where you would not imagine a hotel can be put up, right? 
Similarly, we went right in the heart of Bangalore Whitefield to identify this 140-room hotel, 
and one would think we overpaid for that hotel because we paid INR205 crores, but what we 
saw was a 360-room hotel opportunity, INR100 crores of EBITDA. 
The hotels are relatively operating well, but what we see is that there is an inherent potential of 
some of these assets, even though it is branded or not optimally branded. So in that aspect, what 
you're seeing is a front block that we acquired. What you're seeing is this is a block that we 
acquired and that block was not there. It's not there currently. So there is structural opportunities 
in some of these hotels. Yes, it's hard work to identify them. 
Nakul has to do the hard work to knock on to every single hotel, find out whether we can do 
additional development or not, can we do a rebranding or not. So for example, the existing owner 
was making good money. They had zero leverage. We paid them a very good price. 
I wouldn't 
say that we discounted or any kind of distress sell. It was a good price sell on to it, but we saw 
an opportunity in that. I think that's what we will continue to find out. There are multiple 
opportunities. Yes, it's hard work to find those things. 
But I think Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune, NCR, the larger Mumbai market, these markets have 
enough and more going on and it's a business where thankfully for us, people keep making 
mistakes and we just don' leam. So people will overinvest in assets or underinvest. So yes, I 
think we remain cautiously optimistic as they say that we should be able to... 
I think the challenge is not growth. The challenge is we need to do deals which dont dilute our 
targeted 
raw C. See, for the first 10 years, you're building a company and you can take a different 
— Iwas talking to somebody who I think is in this room and I said there are two sets of people, 
wealth creators and wealth protectors and there's a very different mindset required for wealth 
creators and wealth protectors. 
The first 10 years, we were wealth creators because we had nothing to start from and the mindset 
is different. Today, 
I must admit that we're a bit of a wealth protector, that we're remaining more 
cautious and conservative because we don't want to get the 17% wrong for God's sake. 
I would 
rather return the money to you and to myself than do a wrong deal in future. 
So I think we'll have the right opportunities. Fiscal discipline is going to be the key. Execution 
is going to be the next key. But I think there'll be more and enough opportunities like this. This 
hotel did INRY crores EBITDA. Can you imagine this in a market like Bangalore Whitefield? 
And if Tjust multiply the number of rooms that you see on your chart today, at current EBITDA 
per key for a similar hotel, it's INR100 crores. 
So that's the sort of an upside that you see and therefore even if you pay 5% more, but you're 
securing something in the heart of Bangalore Whitefield where the downside risk is much lower. 
Page 36 of 49

SAMHI 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Gyana Das: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
That was very helpful. Just one more question on a different line actually. While I believe you 
are in for a long haul with SAMHL would you like to give a confirmation for a broader investor 
community that we will see you at the helm? 
I can send you my health records, that's the only thing that I cannot be sure of. This is very 
personal and it has nothing to do with money. Actually if you ask me, me and my team lost 
probably 90% of what we were to make because of COVID. 
It never deterred us. It never deterred us because there are very few instances of a professional 
team creating a business like this. So today this is where, this is what we have fun with. Tam 
known for SAMHL I'l be fool and I'm far from being senile though some of my colleagues may 
disagree. But I think, listen, this is who I am, this is what I do. SAMEI is me to some extent. T 
take a lot of pride. But let me caution you, 'm a professional CEO. 
I work at the mercy of the Board and the Shareholders. So long as you guys keep me, I'm going 
to turn 50 this year. Sanjayji is here who is a company secretary. T think the retirement age is 65. 
So Il request him 
to keep pushing it because I think I can work till 80. A lot of you are here still 
working. Why should I not be working till then? So don't worry. I's not just me, it's the people 
around me. 
Gyana joined SAMHI before I did. Rajat joined 12 years back. Sanjayji was there who was a 
company secretary for the same time. There are 27 people on the floor. T would think probably 
15 people would have done more than 10 years. So yes, it's a company built by a team. We are 
very proud of what we've built. It the pride which will take us, honestly. 
The average tenure of our employees is more than 9 years. 
Let me also address one thing. People have said, do you have enough skin in the game? And 
what will motivate you to not just work but do the right things for the company? And I've never 
understood that question, to be honest with you. Maths fail. Any promoter-driven company, 
public company. the promoter would never have his 100% net worth attached 
to a single stock. 
I have not seen a single case study. He will have real estate, stock market, bond market, other 
companies, venture fund, family offices. I think I'm like a public servant. My book should be 
open to everybody to see. And if you were to see my books, my only value in SAMHI rest is 
debt. Debt for home loan, debt for tax we pay on ESOPs. 
So for me, SAMHIS stock doing well and the company doing well over the 10 years is the only 
way I would have created wealth for my family. And there's no second way available to me. T 
can say for Gyana, I can say for Rajat, Nakul is a little wealthy. That's why his photograph was 
last in the slide. But listen, we feel very proud, we feel very excited. I think we would have done 
the right thing for our families also if we continue to do what we are doing over the next 6-7 
years. 
We've not done the right thing for our families so far. None of us have ever sold a single share. 
Even the ESOPs that we exercised last year, the tax was paid by borrowing. So you can imagine, 
it puts stress on cash flows for the employees, but that's a commitment to the fact that the stock 
Page 37 of 49

SAMHI 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Navin: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
is nowhere close to what the real potential is. So I'm sorry, long answer to a short question, but 
this is very personal so I took a little longer to answer this. 
Perfect, thank you. 
And T have no health issues, I can confirm that. 
Hi team, this is Navin here from Mahindra Manulife. Thanks for the opportunity. Top down 
questions, considering that you all have very sophisticated data. One is, most of your peers, 
along with you, believe that over the next 5 years, supply growth should be typically 4% to 6%, 
give or take, based on different micro markets. 
Demand should be 6% to 8%. Just trying to understand with, you know, about 200,000 branded 
keys, hotels and the rest being largely unorganized, regional, how do you get color as to, you 
know, how many opportunities are there for conversions and in that sense, how can supply 
surprise you on the upside? Just wanted to get your perspective there? 
So, you know, the whole success of income producing hard assets, offices, hotels, hospitals, 
retail, mortuarics, data centers, is all about supply driven. That's the reality of our business. We 
need to worry less about demand, we need to worry a lot more about supply, and you know, 
that's what we've learned over the last several decades. 
What we are quite certain about today is that core markets, so, let me rewind back to 2004, 05, 
06, 07, 08,09, '10, you know, because there was exuberance between '04 and '06,'07 and then 
came the lost decade for the hotel industry that for 10 years the rate remained stagnant, inflation 
adjusted, they fell by about 60% or so, right? We did get our high place forecast wrong terribly 
because we didn't expect the rates to remain stagnant for that long. When we look backwards at 
data, we realize it was base effect. 
What happened, and let me take an extreme example like Pune. Pune back in 2006, 07, '08 used 
to have about 770 odd rooms. Blue Diamond, Viridian, and Pride. Three hotels. On a base of 
700 rooms, 6,000 rooms got built or something like that. Pune is here. 
So, people started thinking Pune is oversupplied. Pune wasn't oversupplied, Pune was seeing 
this massive supply over a small base, and what happens to market averages is it's an average of 
all hotels in terms of occupancies and rates. 80% of your market is fresh, fighting for market 
share, not fighting for rates. 
When I open my new hotel, my GM will tell me, for the first four quarters, Id like to stabilize 
the occupancy, and then I1l fight for the rate. So, in a market like Pune, for several years, we 
saw new supply having far more weight on the market averages than old supply. Actually, way 
back in 2014-15, we went to STR, and we built what we called a stable hotel index in India, and 
I must tell you today, some of the consulting peers have drawn inspiration from that, because 
we said, when you look at Sensex, you're not looking at sum total of all stocks listed on the stock 
exchange. 
Page 38 0f 49

SAMHI 
Navin: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
There's a weight, there's a quality, there's a contribution. We had 52 hotels in India. We did not 
change the hotels, because we wanted to see what the same hotels are doing year on year. You'll 
be surprised. The years, Pune was reporting 45% occupancy, those same store hotels were 
reporting 68% occupancy. And that gave us the conviction 
to go and buy Hyatt Regency in Pune. 
At the time when the market was reporting 45% occupancy, today, not only have we re-selected 
the asset, we've divested 35% of GIC. So, we believe today, the big markets, Bangalore, 20,000 
rooms. Delhi-Bombay, circa 20,000 rooms. Hyderabad, about 7,000. Hyderabad-Pune will be 
7,000-9,000 rooms. On top of that base to add 10% supply growth, we just don't see that 
happening. 
Because for that, you need to add anywhere between 700 rooms to 2,000 r00IS Open every year, 
year after year for the next five years. And we just can't add up that much of inventory coming 
our way. Second ssue is return on replacement cost. 
And Il take you back to a ROCE slide. And we can' address this in this forum right now, but 
we can subsequently. We are very certain, before COVID, we had 4,200 rooms. Correct? Total 
capital, not employed, because that gets depreciated over a period of time and management hides 
under time. Let's just take the money that flew into our balance sheet, debt and equity, divided, 
the number of rooms divided by that was 70 lakhs per key. 
Right? So when you can build a portfolio at 70 lakhs per key, you're clearly at a significant 
discount to replacement cost. And sir, yet I'm at only 17% ROCE today. So if today a new 
investor has to go and buy a piece of land, construct a hotel, on current room rates I can't solve 
more than 11%-12% ROCE. And they do ask this question, should I be taking a development 
risk of 4-5 years so that I get 12% ROCE and Im not getting a lot of yeses for that. You go to 
same GIC and say, would you do an underdevelopment hotel? 
They!l step back. So we don't think a lot of capital flowing into an institutional capital is needed 
to create a supply imbalance in large markets. Smaller markets, you dont need institutional 
capital. Why? Coimbatore has 3,000 rooms. So 10% supply means another 300, 300, 300. And 
for next 3 years some HNI can do that actually with historical land bank. 
So that's what creates a bit of anxiety in our minds about Tier 2, Tier 3 in the short term. Whereas 
Tier 1, we just think institutional capital is needed to create supply. Institutional capital will 
solve for return on replacement cost. At current average room rates they cannot solve for that. T 
know you think the industry has done really well, but please look at the ROCESs. 
And my peers have depreciated assets over the last 30 years. Try and build a new asset today 
and see what the ROCE's will be. So I think we are reasonably protected about supply in core 
markets. Rest, we remain very anxious and that's why instead of investing capital, we like to 
refract the capital from those markets and put them back in Tier 1. 
Fair enough. Just one more question. The parameters you said, you know, Air Pax's growth and 
office space absorption, just trying to get a little bit of historical perspective. If you like, let's say 
take data from 2019 to 2 
Does it reflect in the ARR expansion that you've seen or it's been 
leisure which has been leading and now you expect this trend to play out more clearly? 
Page 39 of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Navin: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Gyana Das: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So the correlation is in demand, not in the room rates. Because room rates have a denominator 
which is supply. So what we've seen is that if you do a simulation of demand growth driven by 
office and airlines, you know the supply growth right now. 
Our models are forecasting a 9% total revenue growth. You know, because we know that let's 
say today room nights available, room nights sold. We know room nights available will grow at 
supply. Room nights sold will grow at demand growth rate which is driven by office and airline. 
You divide the two, you get to a statistical occupancy level. In most markets it will be 105%, 
108%. 
You know it can't be the case so you stabilize the occupancy at 75, transfer the rest of the total 
revenue growth to room rates. It's actually a time tested model and our statistical models are 
showing about 8% to 9% total revenue growth over the next 5 years CAGR. And the only 
problem with this industry is quarterly variations are pretty huge, yearly variations are pretty 
huge. 
My first slide was headline versus trend line. What you see reported by companies quarter on 
quarter, year on year s just a headline. You need to watch out for the trend lines. 
Thank you. Yeah. 
Can you share weekend occupancy across different asset class and what are the steps to improve 
what kind of like if RCI which is 4 million subscribers or members whatever you call it, they 
can be sold this at comparatively any such steps which you can share some of your thoughts? 
Yeah, so there is a big difference. Weekday occupancies and 
I wish we had access to SID online 
here. We could have shown that to you live. But weekday occupancies would be 78% to 80% 
and weekends will be 65%-67%. 
Just to clarify, you asked that across segment. It's not actoss a segment, it's primarily across a 
market. We see in a similar market, all the segments do perform very similar because it's the 
demand pattern within the market. So we dont see segregation between the segment, we see 
segregation between the market. 
For example, Hyderabad continues to be very high because of the low supply base and high 
demand. Very high weekday occupancies in the 80s. Weekend occupancies do go to high 60s 
and 70s. But other markets, Bangalore tend to have a very low weekend occupancies compared 
to weekday. It's just a pattern. 
Nakul could open the SID on the mobile so I1l tell you the live data. Last year all hotels, weekday 
occupancies were 78% and weekend occupancies were 64%. Interestingly, because some 
weekdays can be holidays, Holi, Diwali, Christmas, you know, if T only take workdays, which 
is Monday to Friday but not a holiday, occupancy was 81%. 
Across 32 hotels. That's really hard data coming from the last year. Like Gyana has said, we're 
seeing interesting trends in Hyderabad where the weekend occupancies are actually so city, if I 
can go to Hyderabad, you will see workday occupancy is 85% and weekend occupancy is 67%. 
Page 40 of 49

SAMHI 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Analyst: 
Ali: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Al 
Management: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
So that's the sort of trend we see. But I do think there is huge opportunity in weekend occupancies 
in India. Because when you look at Singapore, London, Hong Kong, New York, all large 
gateway cities globally, they are also great places for people to travel for leisure. 
And that's why they report insanely high occupancy levels. And as Indian cconomy grows, 
disposable income grows, wban environment improves in India. And it is improving, by the 
way. What a place like this. 
I mean, T would bring my daughter to Bombay to see some shows 
in the centre and therefore create some weekend occupancies. Similarly, the IPLs and the rock 
shows and all of that. 
I think over the next few years, you would start seeing a convergence of occupancy levels on 
weekdays and weekends. Right. And that's the point when the hotel industry will truly realize 
its potential. Because we don't have to discount on weekends and so on and so forth. I mean, 
typical rate difference between days when the occupancy is 90% plus and other days will be 
about 50-0dd percent. 
Thanks. And views on tie-up like RCT or something? 
Tie-up like? RCT? 
Yes. 
I havent thought about it, so I wont respond to it. But since yowve said, well think about it. 
Thanks. 
Maybe next. 
Hi. Ali from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. Thave a couple of questions. First is just clarification 
on the internal growth slide that you gave, where you explained two quantum of rooms. One is 
790 rooms and the next is 540 new rooms. If you can just tell me how much is coming in 26 
and then in 27 in terms of the quantification, 790 is entirely coming in 26? 
No, 1o, no. So, 790 rooms. 
So, in FY 126, you can see 300 rooms are Holiday Inn Express and another 75-odd rooms for 
Sheraton and Hyatt Regency. So, it takes you to 375 rooms in FY 26. FY 27, you have 170 
rooms W, 217 rooms Courtyard. 
So, that's around 380-odd rooms. FY 28, you have 140 in Tribute Whitefield, 110 in Jaipur and 
86 in Chennai. So, that takes you to another 400-odd and then Westin Bangalore Whitefield, FY' 
'29 is around 220, 230-odd rooms. 
So, the redevelopment, this is what you gave me, the transfer of redevelopment, right? 
Correct. Both, new addition and redevelopment. 
Both. 
Page 41 of 49

SAMHI 
Ali: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ali: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Ali: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Ali: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Ali: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
And the improvement in revenue that we have explained in the previous slide, 
I think... 
So, that's here. 
Thats here. It's about, yeah, INR100-odd crores going to, like, 500 crores, right? That is both 
the redevelopment. 
Yes, because if you see, assets lie Four Points Jaipur, Pune, Trinity Whitefield, these are 
currently operating assets, contributing to only INR100-odd crores of top line. 
So, can you just explain this 500, how much is expected to come in '26 and how much in 272 
So, can you go to the next slide? No, sorry, the year by year. 
Yes, this slide. 
Simon, just go to the year-by-year slide. Yeal, this one, exactly. Perfect. So, the Holiday Inn 
Express, 300 rooms, typically here you're looking at 12 lakhs a key revenue. So, that is circa 
INR30 crores or INR35 odd crores. Then you have Sheraton and Hyatt Regency. These will give 
you 45 lakhs to 50 lakhs a key. That's 75 rooms. So, you're looking at another revenue 
contribution there of circa INR1S crores, INR16 odd crores. Then W Hyderabad is 170. 
So, 26 out of this INR400 crores will have close to about INR60 crores-INR70 odd crores. 
Correct. Then in FY '27 W Hyderabad is a phenomenal location. 
I think it's probably one of the 
best that should 
be around, that should do circa 60 odd lakhs per key at 170 rooms. There's a one 
year stabilization period because it's anew hotel. So, there, the total revenue contribution should 
be close to around INR9O crores-INR100 crores. But you'll see one year stabilization period. 
So, year two you should touch that INR100 crore mark. Courtyard Pune should be around 40- 
45 lakhs per key. That's 270 rooms. So, youre talking about INRSO-odd crores revenue 
contribution there. Here it's an operating asset. So, turn around and stabilization should be 
quicker. 
FY 28 Tribute Bangalore Whitefield again 45 odd lakhs per key. Again, operating hotel being 
turned around so quicker stabilization. Tribute, 114 rooms again 35-40 lakhs per key. Again, 
operating asset being turned around, quicker stabilization. Fairfield Chennai should be around 
86 rooms. That will be around 22. It's a new addition. That's a new addition. So, it's currently a 
150 room hotel. Last year it did 21 lakhs per key. So, again, on current rates you can assume 
another 21 lakhs but we clearly are seeing solid market growth there as well. So, that s another 
16-17 odd crores of top line on FY '25 rates. And then Westin Bangalore Whitefield, that should 
do around again 55-60 lakhs per key on current rates, assuming no market growth. 220 rooms. 
So, youre looking at another INR120 crores-INR140 odd crores. 
So, about 10% odd will come in 26 and rest 85% will be staggered across? 
Every year you should see a pretty linear odd increment from that 100 to 500. Again, this doesnt 
assume any market growth. 
Page 42 of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ali: 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Ali: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Yes, I mean we're forecasting everything on FY 25 ref bats. 
So, this incremental INR400 crore will come over the course of four years when about staggered 
about 10% to 15% broadly every year, right? 
It's pretty linear actually if you think about it, yes. 
Second question is on then the outlook on ARR. I was in Bangalore and the outer road hotel, T 
got a quote of about close to 39,000. 
T mean the question here is just to get a sense on where we 
are between mid-scale and upscale. 
How do you sce the outlook? 
I know the supply is pretty constrained, but more from the point 
of view of where the rates have reached today, on those levels of rates, what's the outlook we 
see in terms of improvement in 2627 because majority of the growth that we will sce in 26 
probably will come from ARR, I presume as the new capacity will take time to come beyond 
267 
You know, so when I started our IPO Roadshow, Murtuza was sitting right at the back. He asked 
us, yes, how good is good? You know, and we had a slide for him that we had put, how good is 
good? 
Youre trying to understand the headroom for growth for average room rates and the headroom 
for growth comes from multiple factors. Number one, clearly the constraint of supply, and if 
something is supply constrained, I may end up paying INR35,000 for one-way economy to Delhi 
tonight because there's just no airline capacity. I don't understand how do I calculate headroom 
for growth. 
T would have liked to pay 7,000 for an economy one-way fare Bombay Delhi, but 
I may end up 
paying INR35,000. Similarly for hotels, you gave me the right example for courtyard Bangalore. 
We launched that hotel at an average rate of about INR7,000 in 2015, and back then we thought 
INR7,000 is a fantastic rate for a courtyard by Marriott. 
It went to 9, 10, and every year I have had this anxiety attack that how good is good? The last 
quarter, the average room rate for that hotel was INR23,000. It was, in my opinion, the highest 
rate for any Marriott-operated business hotel in the country, including hotels in Bombay. 
Our assumption. Therefore, it all to do with demand and supply in the micro markets youre 
presenting. I will continue to resist a lot of questions around segment. It has all to do about the 
micro markets. If Outering Road is a star market, I can pitch a tent there and make money, and 
if Ahmedabad is a struggling market, I can put a renaissance that I have, and I11 be struggling. 
It's all about, Conrad Hilton said it 100 years back, location, location, and location. 
It's all driven by location. We actually think in - I take Bangalore as the headroom, honestly, if 
you want to play conservative. For Murtaza, we had a slide which we said this is where Seoul 
is, this is where Sydney s, this is where Melbourne s, this is where Singapore is, and this is 
where we are. We look like a piddly juvenile child. Per capita income and all of that argument 
comes into play. 
Page 43 0of 49

SAMHI 
Ali: 
Yashvardhan: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Having said that, when you look at Bangalore as headroom, and my courtyard reporting an 
average rate of about INR17,000, INR18,000, but I still have a Sheraton selling in Hyderabad 
for INR12,000, and I 
still have 
a renaissance selling for INR5,500 in Ahmedabad. Our 
expectation is, when you look at demand and supply, most markets in India are supply 
constrained, and therefore they will all push rates higher and higher and higher, and if not the 
Seoul and the Sydney and the Melbourne, 
I expect most core markets in India to start comparing 
themselves to Bangalore. Clearly the first one being Hyderabad. 
When we looked at ACIC, and Ajish is here, thankfully board members don't have access to 
previous notes when we acquired their businesses. But our assumption was that Fairfield in 
Hyderabad was selling for INRS,500, Fairfield in Bangalore Outer Ring Road was selling for 
INR9,000, and our investment note said it's a matter of time. Fairfield in Hyderabad will sell for 
INRS,000, INR8,500 and that's the largest total in the portfolio. 
You get this right, you rebrand Pune, that's the value of the entire portfolio. That's how we 
underwrote that. And we thought it1l take us two years to get there. Four quarters, Fairfield 
Hyderabad was trading at INR8,500. So you are seeing this convergence of average room rates 
to where the market potential is. And I think, for a portfolio like ours, which is well diversified 
across key cities, you would see that we'll be able to maintain that. 
Twill never try and say mid-teens for same store hotels. I think that's too much of optimism. If 
we get it, well all celebrate, but I don't want to talk about it today. We think high single digits 
to carly double digits total revenue growth is absolutely achievable given the supply that we are 
seeing. And I will again caution you, please only look at total revenue. In our business, the way 
general managers and hotel operators shift allocation of breakfast from room rate to F&B, my 
head keeps spinning. 
Soa lot of times when people say, sir, your F&B was ot great, your RevPAR was very good, 
I 
give you an answer, but I'm trying to question myself. First I need to check if there was an 
allocation issue in that quarter. So 
I have learned that if you want to forecast long term and keep 
it simple, total revenue, total revenue, total revenue. So total revenue growth in our expectation, 
our model shows about 8% to 9% growth over same store over the next 3-5 years. Supply is the 
holy grail. And we need to make sure that every quarter we send scouts to actually see the sites. 
We've had Simran go and click photographs of a stated 400 room hotel which was to open that 
year, and she was confused because she thought she was on the wrong site because there's 
nothing happening on that site. So how can that hotel open in 12 months? So we have to send 
scouts to actually see where the new supply is coming. But for forcible future, 12, 24, 36 months, 
1ot worried. But if the next 6 months a lot of people start putting money in hotels to build hotels, 
then Thave to be wortied about 4 years forward. 
Got it. Thank you. 
Hi, sir. Yashvardhan this side from IIFL Capital PMS. I just want to know your and whole team's 
thought process in terms of managing debt in relation to adding inventory. So let's say in coming 
time you get an opportunity to add a hotel, but that could lead to addition of debt. So what would 
Page 44 0of 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Yashvardhan: 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
be your thought process that are you comfortable with a particular number or let's say net debt 
to EBITDA or you would turn down the offer? Or let's say since earlier you showed the amount 
of cash flow that we would be generating. So you are thinking that since we can finance those 
debt in the later on, so we are comfortable with it. So my question is on that? 
You know, so how things change? If yowd asked me this question four months back, my answer 
would have been we're not going to buy anything. We need to be committed to get to three times, 
less than three times net debt to EBITDA. 
Not that my commitment has changed, but Im just thinking through, wow, we've actually been 
able to invest INR1700 crores of free cash and we still have more opportunities for which we 
need to look at how do we fund them. As of now, we don't have that issue. You know, we have 
really created a strong balance sheet in terms of discipline. 
From day one since we went public, we have steered clear from giving any revenue guidance, 
50 to say. We've always been committed to bring net debt to EBITDA down first to 3.5x, then 
below 3x, stabilizing it in the zip code of 2x, 2.5x. So we have never shied away from that 
commitment and it's not to please you. 
It is because we suffered a Lot during COVID. You know, we lost a Lot of our own value during 
COVID because of a certain level of leverage, which was not unhealthy, but yet did not help us 
protect value during a down cycle. So you have a reasonable guidance of the fact that we'll 
always maintain our net debt to EBITDA in the zip code of, let' say, 2.5 plus minus times. 
Right now it's at 3.2x. We are fairly confident that the path from 3.2x to 3x to 2.7x, 2.8x is a 
matter of quarters now. It's not even a matter of years, really. But yeah, we dont think a - by 
the way, INR1,700 crores is a starting point. You know, we've demonstrated the capability to 
‘monetize part of our assets to fund future growth. 
So tomorrow, if, for instance, we are able to transfer Sheraton Hyderabad to a platform, we will 
be able to monetize another INR300 crores, INR400 crores from that. So we have a lot of money 
with us. Some of it is sitting on bank accounts, but a lot of it is sitting in our assets. 
And we've demonstrated 
both the intent and the intellect to be able to monetize at the right time. 
So T am more interested to see where the opportunities come from, which protect our ROCEs 
and growth of the portfolio. Finding ways to fund them without putting risk on the balance sheet 
is - was a past problem, is no longer a future problem. 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Yes, sir. Sir, Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta & Vakil. First and foremost, you have given us the 
very, very well encapsulated macro as well as the micro picture of the hospitality industry and 
particularly with the hotel segment current and going forward up to 2030. 
One thought which was in my mind which two, three years back the Indian hotel MD in his 
presentation made was to manage heritage properties, cither the owner refurbishes or they 
Page 45 0f 49

SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Chirag: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
refurbish on a sharing basis. Are you looking at this kind of an avenue or a segment in your 
business going forward? 
You know, leisure is something that we've stayed away from and as I said earlicr, there are 
certain nuances to leisure business which have made us stay away from that. Is a great place to 
be. HCL as a company has tremendous - don't forget they were the pathfinders for Palaces. So 
their circle of competence is very different to my circle of competence. I'ma 
big lover of Warren 
Buffett's concept of circle of competence. 
Every manager has a circle of competence which is where it creates value. Outside of that, it 
starts speculating. So as of today, we dont have that within our circle of competence. Nothing 
says that we can't build that competence for ourselves. Discretionary spending going towards 
leisure, it's something that we are watching out for. We just need to see what the retumn profile 
looks like on a sustainable basis. 
We don't want to go by anecdotal examples. I went and stayed in X city and I paid INR40 
thousand. That's anecdotal. We need to see can those performances be sustained over 4-5 year 
period. So we are watching. It a game of patience. Investing is a game of patience. 
Maybe not so much in public markets but when I have to invest in assets, I have to be really 
patient because unlike you, if something goes wrong, I dont have a 915 in the morning and a 
screen 
to dump. I have 
to live with that mistake for a long time to come. So we are watching out 
for that trend. It a trend which is very exciting. We dont have the formula today. 
Ineed returns, 
I need scalability and I need a certain level of consistency. So if I get consistently 
returns and scalability, we will go to the board and have this discussion. 
Very well said, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
And as far as the presentation is concerned, 15 years we've worked with private equity investors. 
This is the least we can do. 
Hi, Chirag from MS Capital. Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on 
what you guys have built. Two questions possibly related. The first one being, could you share 
a few examples of mistakes where either its stuff that you're removing now or that you've done 
in the past and maybe mistakes of commission 
as opposed 
to omission 
where things went wrong? 
And related to that, obviously youve said that supply, one easy way to look for it is to look for 
a hole in the ground, but that's not how you guys bring supply in. Is there any evidence of you 
seeing that happening in some smaller micro markets where clearly things are supply constrained 
and the ARRs have reached levels which possibly they ought not to be at? Sure. 
So, a bunch of mistakes we've made to be honest with you. We made market mistakes. If you 
look at our Tier 2 ROCE's are far below our portfolio ROCE's. We've went to Coimbatore, we 
went to Vizag, we went to Nasik and honestly, each time we were underwhelmed. And Im not 
blaming entirely everything on the market. It could potentially be that again our circle of 
competence is very limited to top tier business locations. 
Page 46 of 49

SAMHI 
Gyana Das: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
We understand that it's more predictable. Our data is able to show us more insights than in a 
smaller market. So Tier 2 clearly has been a bitter lesson for us. Thankfully, because of that box 
that we had for ourselves, we didn't put a lot of capital there. Second, we made mistakes in hotels 
like Four Points, Vishakhapatnam. Where you go, it's an underperforming, bad quality hotel and 
you know there's a certain product quality that you need to transform. 
But in Excel sheet drives your investment and you say, I'm going to invest in public area now 
and rooms later. Fails. Because what we learned the hard way for customer, the experience has 
to be 100% and not 90%. 
And the transformation that you see of rate re-rating is only for 100%, ot for 80%. So if you 
can't underwrite the whole money going up front for innovation and rebranding, don't make that 
investment. So Vizag clearly was an underperforming hotel for us. 
We will now, thinking of changing the brand, making sure that we leverage that opportunity 
well in that market. Three, I think we in renovations, we tend to be very, very sorry to use the 
word, anal about numbers. And often have lost time. 
Renaissance Ahmedabad, T11 give you an example. We were so focused on not spending more 
than INR15 crores that we wasted six months negotiating with the operator, the product 
improvement plan. And in hindsight, the gap was probably not INR15 crores to INR30 crores, 
it was a gap between INR15 crores and INR19 crores. So we've also become a little bit more 
mature about understanding time value of money. That not everything s just about an Excel 
sheet and driving an agenda driven number. I think these are the big things we've learned. F&B 
continues to bea... 
Tl add one more to as a management team. I think there’s a very quick shift but it did happen in 
the initial stage. We used to combine the return into one bucket very quickly. An example was 
the Hyatt Place Gurgaon where we had a market projection and the asset projection, everything 
combined and we saw it and Ashish clearly said that the market didn't grow. Whatever the micro 
environment o larger environment s that. Very quickly we actually segregated that return. 
What we do it now is that first is our intervention which we control. The asset is currently doing 
X. If Irebrand, if I do this P&L change, it will go to Y. If Y s satisfactory on the current returms, 
what Ashish s saying that current level of camings is where we would be very comfortable. 
Obviously it won't be very flashy return. It won't be 17%-18% but does it solve for a base return? 
And then is the market growth. So that we can clearly segregate between our underwriting. I 
think with that we are very disciplined in underwriting. That's a very quick learning that we got. 
Initial stages we did mistake. 
We love forecasting. Everybody loves forecasting and investments. And we realized we are not 
smart enough. Not smart enough to put large amounts of money on a forecasting. If you look at 
all our investment memos today and including the slides we've shown you. We'd love to say FY 
'25 ref bars, what would this hotel achieve as ROCE's. 
Page 47 of 49

SAMHI 
Chirag: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
Now after that the board has a binary decision. They either see the risk of RevPARs falling or 
they sce the opportunity of RevPARS growing. For a professional board, this binary discussion 
is more logical than a point discussion. 
What should be the rate of growth for Hyderabad? I have not got it right in 30 years. I have 
underestimated a Courtyard. I have overestimated a Renaissance. I'm fully guilty of that and I'm 
quite sure all of you are as well. 
So I think we've stayed away from future forecast and we say everything on current basis, if we 
solve for returns, go in. If you dont solve for your returns, stay out. Thank you Gyana. That's 
the approach that we've changed. Are we missing a second part of your question? 
Supply? 
So youre right. There will be some conversions from unorganized to organized. And my 
previous boss, a gentleman called Micheal Issenberg, who was chairman of Accor, he used to 
be very condescending of investment memos. And we would say, Bangalore, upscale supplies, 
1,000 rooms, only 100 rooms are being added. 
And he would say, what's happening to mid-scale? And what's happening to lower mid-scale? 
And what's happening to economy? And we would look at Michael and say, Mike, I mean, it 
doesnt make sense. We're building an upscale hotel. And he said, no, Ashish, it's just a bed to 
put a head on. 
And it's all very interlinked. So never discount the supply which s happening at the bottom of 
the market, evenif youte building a luxury hotel and vice versa, by the way. So you're absolutely 
right. 
If you look at Bangalore market and the comfort that is, and T1l give you two examples. Delhi 
aitport, Aerocity. 
I was in Accor back then. All of Delhi had about 9,000 rooms by consultants. 
GMR said, we're going to build 4,500 rooms in that one precinct. 50% supply growth. 
And I went with an investment memo to my CFO saying, We want to build 1,100 of those 4,500 
rooms. And he said, Ashish, you will lose your job in six months. I'l lose my job in six weeks. 
Because youte talking about taking 25% or 50% supply growth in a market. Its not going to 
end well. Sounds so logical when you look at the data. 
Gyana was a young analyst back then. He went to not a consulting firm, but a market research 
firm and said, count all guest houses in Delhi. And we realized we could count 25,000 rooms in 
hotels and guest houses, excluding Karol Bagh, Central Delhi, and North Delhi. The railway 
station and all of that. This is South Delhi, Gurgaon. Suddenly, your total base is 25,000 rooms. 
And on top of that, 4,500 rooms added over a five-year period was not so scary. And true to that, 
AeroCity has turned out to be a fantastic precinct for hotel investors. Today's Bangalore. We are 
counting 20,000 rooms in Bangalore when we forecast that demand supply. Go to MakeMyTrip. 
There are 100,000 rooms in Bangalore. 
Page 48 0of 49

SAMHI 
Gyana Das: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
June 05, 2025 
MakeMyTrip today is selling 100,000 rooms in Bangalore and not 20,000 rooms. My comfort 
comes from the fact that the underlying supply in Bangalore is 100,000 and not 20,000 rooms. 
And some of it will transfer from not accounted for to being accounted for, but my base is pretty 
large, actually. So those aberrations will happen. You're absolutely right. 
Were you saying that the supply from unbranded to a branded comes in? Same thing is 
happening on the demand side also. The unbranded customer will also move to a branded 
customer. But you're right. 
Supply data will have some margin of error because of our W Hyderabad. No consultant until 
six months back thought there is any hole in the ground. He only saw an empty office building. 
But in a year and a half from now, it will be a 175-room W. Thankfully for s, most of our peers 
dont believe in building not-so-sexy hotels. And when you do conversions, then they are not- 
so-sexy hotels. 
So it doesu't attract a lot of capital which has to show off. It will only attract capital which is 
solving for return, and that even today would not be more than 30% of the total capital going 
into the sector. I got this data from my colleague who works for a hotel company, and he said 
last year 200 hotel management contracts were signed in India. Scary number. 200 new 
management contracts were signed in India. 170 were Tier 2, Tier 3, and leisure. 170 of the 200. 
So you can see where the money is going. But yeal, I think you have to keep watching out for 
supply in each micro-market quarter on quarter, and adjust for yourself. We're here to answer. 
We have a flight at 10 o’clock. Okay? Is that good? Thank you so much for your patience. We 
remain available for any answers. 
I started by saying not a forecast, not a promise. My job i to remove information asymmetry 
between us and you. We've done that to a large extent today. You know, I want to buy SAMHI's 
stock, and Sanjay asked me every time I go to him, saying, can 
I buy SAMHI? He smiles and 
says, sir, do you know something about SAMEI that others don't? And till today, 
I always knew 
something that you dont know. 
So hopefully he'll allow me to buy something, you know, now that I've told everything that I 
know. Thank you so much. Have a good evening. 
Page 49 of 49
