 
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd.     
                                                                                                                                 Your Family Bank, Across India 
 
                                               Regd. & Head Office 
Phone  : 0824-2228184 
                              P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle      
E-Mail 
: comsec@ktkbank.com 
                                                              Kankanady    
Website : www.karnatakabank.com 
                                              Mangaluru – 575 002  
CIN 
: L85110KA1924PLC001128                                                             
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
21.05.2025 
HO:SEC: 51:2025-26 
 
To: 
 The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code: KTKBANK 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 532652 
 
Madam/Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY25 Earnings Audio Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15(b) of Para A of Part A of Schedule III and 
Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the post results 
analysts/institutional investors audio conference call held on Wednesday, May 14, 2025, 
on the audited Standalone & Consolidated financial results of the Bank for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2025. 
The same is also made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link: 
https://karnatakabank.com/investors/quarterly-results 
 
This is for your kind information and dissemination. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Sham K 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Sham 
Kanathila
Digitally signed by 
Sham Kanathila 
Date: 2025.05.21 
19:08:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Karnataka Bank Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANK 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIKRISHNAN H - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SEKHAR RAO - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. ABHISHEK SANKAR BAGCHI - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. VINAYA BHAT P. J. - CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MR. RAGHURAM H.S. - CHIEF RISK OFFICER  
MR. RAVICHANDRAN S – GENERAL MANAGER, CREDIT 
SANCTIONS 
MR. RAJA B S - GENERAL MANAGER, BRANCH BANKING 
DEPARTMENT 
MR. VENKATESWARLU MALLINENI, GENERAL MANAGER 
LIABILITIES, SALES & THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS 
MR. SHAM K. - COMPANY SECRETARY 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Karnataka Bank. 
The Management participating from Karnataka Bank are Mr. Srikrishnan H – Managing Director 
& CEO; Mr. Sekhar Rao – Executive Director; Mr. Abhishek Sankar Bagchi – Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Raghuram H.S. – Chief Risk Officer; Mr. Vinaya Bhat P. J. – Chief Compliance 
Officer; Mr. Ravichandran S – Head of Credit Sanctions; Mr. Raja B S – Head of Branch 
Banking Department; Mr. Sham K. – Company Secretary and Mr. Venkat – General Manager, 
Liabilities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srikrishnan H – MD & CEO from Karnataka Bank. Thank 
you. And over to you, Mr. Srikrishnan H, sir. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Sagar, thank you so much, and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to our Q4 FY'25 
Earnings Call. First of all, my apologies for the delay, – there were some other agenda items 
taken up in the board meeting, which caused the delay. But having said that, the accounts, the 
finalization and upload etc., happened well within the time. I am assuming that all of you would 
have seen it on the BSE and NSE. 
 
With the ending of Financial Year 2024-25, let me take this opportunity to wish everyone a very 
fulfilling new fiscal year ahead. The past 12 months have been a major transitional period in the 
history of Karnataka Bank, with various changes that we are bring ing since 2023.Before we 
move to the business performance and numbers, I would like to highlight some of the major 
activities that the Bank has undertaken during FY 2025.We are hopeful that these will serve as 
long term and strong fundamental foundation to build upon and improve our performance going 
forward.  
Firstly, the Bank has built up on its Four channels of business acquisition - Branch led, Sales led 
(liabilities, TPP & RAM), Digital and partnership based. In terms of branch led geographical 
expansion, the Bank has opened 31 new branches and 39 e-lobbies during the financial year, 
taking the tally to 952 branches and 1,228 ATMs and e-lobbies. The sales-led acquisition is 
fundamentally focused on liabilities and third-party sales. We have a dedicated lateral leader 
who has been hired, and has been in the system for over six months now. We also have a lot of 
focus on CASA and TPP, which is clearly reflected in the business performance from the last 
quarter onwards. Basically, there are four channels that have been set up. One is the CASA and 
the FOREX segments and the trade segments, CATFX as we call. Then the IBGB, which is 
institutional and the government business portfolio. The third is the salary channel and finally 
the RAM segment, which is basically the Retail, Agri and Mid-Market. MSME segment focuses 
on putting up the granular advances, the assets. We have actually carved out this from the credit 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
sales department and very seasoned lateral leader who joined us around  6 to 7 months ago and 
has started setting up a team. We have introduced a concept of regional sales manager (RSM), 
and within the RSM we do have various segments covered, ensuring focus, leadership and 
accountability. In addition to that, we have deployed a network of sales officers and we are 
actively expanding it. This will be done through our own in-house company which is a 
subsidiary, as well as through external corporate DSAs. This reorganization is primarily aimed 
at driving deeper market penetration and improving execution and sustainable growth in the 
RAM vertical. 
The digital channel that we had,  has been further strengthened. We have a Digital Center of 
Excellence, and we also have a data-driven analytics acquisition engine. This engine provides 
leads based on the propensity as well as critical micro market analysis. It continues to play a 
pivotal role in generating leads for both the sales team and the branch teams. 
In the branches, the sales team acquires customers from the market and hands them over to the 
branch for the servicing, as well as for upselling and cross-selling. For the existing bank 
customers, the increase in product penetration, and relationship values is driven through the 
branch channels. The last is the partnership-based model, where we have identified three specific 
product areas. One is alliances for insurance, which has been completed. Investment is also in 
place, and we are adding that with a wealth management portal this year. This will include 
advisory services and targeted marketing to affluent and specific customer segments based on 
their investment surplus and AUM categories. 
We also have co-lending arrangements with five partners, which are working well. We have 
built up a reasonable portfolio, and the portfolio quality is very healthy. There is significant 
technology intervention involved, and we have successfully executed this with the five partners, 
including one that we onboarded this quarter. 
The Karnataka Bank also made a record in the last quarter when we  acquired a direct assignment 
portfolio from a leading, reputed home loan NBFC. This transaction was for the Loans Against 
Property (LAP) product. It was a pilot transaction, and we had to ensure compliance with 
regulatory guidelines, technology integration, and internal policy requirements. Further, we plan 
to continue acquiring such portfolios through partnerships with a few more reputed NBFCs. We 
will also ensure that both the collection mechanism and, more importantly, the credit quality of 
the portfolio remain intact. This approach applies to both co-lending and direct assignment 
partnerships. 
There is a product that we launched in the last two quarters of the year - a credit line on UPI in 
partnership with Navi Technologies.  This is a short-term personal loan, structured as an EMI 
on demand product. We started with a 30-day product and have since added a 60-day variant. 
The entire process is fully digital, and the product has performed well in terms of portfolio size. 
More importantly, repayment behavior has been timely, and the portfolio quality has been 
exemplary.  This also opens up opportunities for cross-selling banking products through this 
acquisition channel. The partnership model ensures that all regulatory requirements — including 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
onboarding through video KYC or eKYC — are completed in-house by the bank. With this, we 
have effectively covered all four acquisition channels of the bank. This brings us to the product 
portfolio, which we have been consistently strengthening over the past two years. 
In the last financial year, we launched 15 products - five each in liabilities, Retail and in MSME 
segments. These launches were aimed to plug the gaps in the overall product stack. Some of the 
key products were designed with both customer segment and sectoral focus. For example, we 
introduced offerings for the student community, such as KBL PEAK and KBL Genius, which 
combine a loan, savings account, debit card, and an insurance protection package that includes 
cybercrime coverage. 
We also launched a personal loan product for government employees. We do have a contractor 
product. This is again an existing product which we revamped. We have the CA credit line - a 
tailor-made credit facility for chartered accountants. This is again the first of its kind for the 
professionals and continue to do this with other verticals within the professional gambit. On our 
Founders Day we introduced a unique product for women called KBL STRI. It's a very unique 
savings bank account product bundled with benefits such as cancer insurance, other 
hospitalization benefits and debit card, etc. 
We are soon launching a family program which is called KBL ONE, which will cover up to six 
members of the same family. It will offer interoperability across accounts and include a digital 
product developed in conjunction with NPCI, allowing features such as shared UPI payments 
within the family.  In addition to this, we have a set of products planned for this year, particularly 
on the asset side. One of the key offerings is a supply chain finance program targeted at 
corporates, which is scheduled to be launched in the current quarter of FY26. 
On the liabilities side, as I mentioned earlier, we are introducing KBL ONE — the family 
banking program. We also have a wealth platform in place, which will include mutual fund 
offerings. Additionally, on the digital front, we are developing a merchant app to strengthen our 
presence in QR-based payments. The bank already provides QR codes and POS machines, and 
we have a strong distribution network in this space. As far as the asset book quality is concerned, 
the bank has done very well, significant improvement in both GNPA and NNPA. These 
indicators have consistently improved over the last 6 to 8 quarters. The same positive trend is 
visible in the restructured book, which has also performed exceedingly well — both in terms of 
direct and related accounts.  
We had embarked on a credit transformation project, which has got completed into the one-year 
project. Based on insights from market analysis, customer feedback, and internal process reviews 
— including identification of product and policy gaps — we have implemented updated policies 
across home loans, MSME loans, and other retail products. These changes aim to enhance 
product features, underwriting standards, and turnaround time..  
Additionally, we have set up two Retail asset centers in Bengaluru (Bangalore) and Mangalore. 
Once we perfect the model, we'll expand it to the other cities also as I mentioned in the last 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
quarter. So the two are working well and basically catering to origination, underwriting, 
onboarding as well as disbursement. So, the branches are actually decluttered quite a bit. So far, 
over 100 branches in Bengaluru have been onboarded, along with all branches in Udupi, into 
their respective Retail Asset Centers. 
The focus is on granular assets as well as liabilities. So there has been a shift as far as the NBFC 
and PSU lending towards higher yielding direct corporate lending. This was a strategy that we 
had outlined a couple of quarters ago with the structures in place from October this is started 
playing out and reflected very well in the last two quarters and likewise even on the deposit side 
we have not been bidding for bulk deposits, which now constitute only about 6.6% of total 
deposits as of March. Additionally, there are two other projects that we have taken very high-
end projects, one is on the IT infrastructure creating a data lake which will combine both the 
Analytical Center of Excellence as well as the other data into one. And the other is the MIS 
architecture which we are revamping. And this is again a 12-month project which has come more 
or less to a conclusion. And we will be releasing all the use cases including regulatory reporting. 
The HR transformation, we have made the initial transformative steps. For \ FY'26, we have 
rolled out the KRA rationalization across the bank, across all levels. And that is something which 
will reflect as you go forward in terms of the overall bank's performance level, performance 
monitoring, and other metrics for measurement. On the macro side, before I go to the numbers, 
there were, of course, the geopolitical factors impacting the GDP growth and subsequently the 
credit growth. So, all of whatever I'm saying, the next couple of things are not necessarily 
pertaining only to Karnataka Bank, but it is overall banking industry. Interest rate changes, I 
think, all of us are aware that there have been two repo cuts and there could be one more very 
soon. So, leading to reduction in yields and which in conjunction with the rising cost of deposits 
has impacted margins across the whole banking industry and we are no exception to that. There 
were two,  regulatory changes, one of which came into effect on April 24th, 2025. . 
For the full financial year, in comparison to the previous year, there are two key accounting 
changes to note. First, the AFS (Available for Sale) reserve on the investment portfolio — this 
cannot be routed through the P&L and hence needs to be considered separately when making a 
like-to-like comparison. Second, there was a reclassification of penal interest to penal charges, 
which has an impact on the Net Interest Margin (NIM). This reclassification will continue to 
affect reported NIM for another two quarters, since the implementation took place in June. While 
we will continue to highlight this for comparability in the current quarter, from the next quarter 
onward, we will stop referencing the accounting policy change related to treasury investments. 
There have been one significant change in our accounting policy, specifically related to the 
superannuation and retirement benefits of our staff. One is that we have made a change on the 
overall salary escalation methodology, which is across pension, gratuity, PL encashment and 
sick leaves. Earlier the bank was doing 4% on pension and 4% of gratuity, PL encashment and 
sick leave as two blocks. We have now reversed and maintained the pension provision at 4%, 
while revising the PL encashment and sick leave provision to 5%. This change has resulted in a 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
one-time incremental pre-tax provision of ₹83 crore. Going forward, this provision will remain 
higher, which is a prudent step, as it better reflects the realistic outflows expected at the time of 
pension and retirement payouts. Additionally, though not very material, I would also like to 
highlight that as of March 31,2025,  due to rate cuts, the yields were lower, which led to a higher 
actuarial provision of approximately ₹30 crore. So, taken together, ₹83 crore plus ₹30 crore — 
totaling ₹113 crore — has been an incremental pre-tax provision made by the bank. 
So, on the backdrop of all of this, let me get quickly into the three critical parameters that we 
look at for growth in advances, growth in deposits, and the growth in quality. In addition to that, 
I will also talk about the profitability and the returns to stakeholders. The aggregate business 
turnover of the bank, as of 31st March, we did a record high, the record for Karnataka Bank in 
the last hundred years. Rs. 1,82,766 crores, up by 7% on a year-on-year basis, as against                                
Rs. 1,70,990 crores as of 31st March. So that's like almost like Rs. 12,000 crores plus business 
that we have increased as far as the bank is concerned. And this has been a consistent factor in 
the last about two years. 
The second one is on profit after tax. The profit after tax for FY'25 stood at Rs. 1272.37 crores, 
versus Rs. 1306.28 crores in FY'24. Here again, to call out the change in accounting policy 
related to investments and the adjustment for the AFS available for sales portfolio. This alone, 
if had we taken the profits, and the book that is as per the earlier accounting policy, the profit 
after tax would have been higher by Rs. 110 crores. So, if you exclude the impact due to the 
accounting policy change and the one time increase in actual provisioning that I talked about, 
which is Rs. 113 crores pretax, the profit after tax would have become Rs. 1,467 crores in 
comparison to the year-on-year of Rs. 1,306 crores and reflecting a growth of 12.3%. Similarly, 
for the quarter, the profit stood at Rs. 252.37 crores for Q4 and as against the Rs. 274.24 crores 
in Q4 FY'24. Excluding the impact of actuarial and the change in accounting policy on 
investment, the adjusted PAT for the quarter would have been Rs. 372 crores, showing a year-
on-year growth of 35%. Gross advances stood at closer to Rs. 78,000 crores, Rs. 77,958.72 
crores to be very precise as of March '25 reflecting a year-on-year growth of 6.8% over                         
March '24. And that was Rs. 73,001.66 crores. 
Our overall strategy is to continue Retail, Agri and Mid-Market, RAM segment, where the 
growth was led by gold, vehicle, housing loan portfolio with a net book accretion of                                
Rs. 4,373 crores in the RAM segment during the last 12 months. During the same period, direct 
to corporate advances grew from Rs. 16,997 crores as of March '24 to Rs. 19,146 crores, resulting 
in a net annual accretion of about Rs. 2,149 crores. So effectively, the new book that has come 
in which is the net accretion has been whatever I called out, which is Rs. 4,373 crores plus                      
Rs. 2.149 crores. But however, the bank has also been committing to reduce its low yielding 
large mid-corporate as well as some opportunistic treasury-based lending that we were doing 
and those have come down and here again the bank replaced Rs. 1,300 crores of low yielding 
NBFCs to higher yielding direct to corporate advances. So basically, there is a churn in the 
portfolio and a growth in the portfolio. And this same strategy will continue for FY'26 also as 
we go forward. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
On the aggregate deposits, the bank stood at Rs. 1,04,807.49 crores. which is close to                                
Rs. 1,05,000 crores mark here again, all time high and reflecting a year-on-year growth of 6.96% 
over March '24 which was Rs. 97,998.22 crores, which is closer to Rs. 98,000 crores .                          
CASA stood at 31.75 as against 30.29 for the previous quarter and 31.94 for March '24. So, we 
are more or less maintaining the same levels of about 31.75 compared to 31.94 for the year end. 
In absolute terms CASA deposit grew by about 6.35% year-on-year from Rs. 31,293 crores to 
Rs. 33,381 crores as of March '25. A net accretion of Rs. 2088 crores closer to Rs. 2,000 crores. 
This is again the deposit engine which is really kicking in. So as far as the overall aggregate 
deposit is concerned, while it may look moderate, we also have seen an achievement. There is 
also,  lot of movement from bulk deposits into granular deposits. So, the Retail term deposit 
alone, less than Rs 3 crores, have seen a visible jump from approx Rs. 60,000 crores to                                 
Rs. 64,616 crores and the net acquisition was Rs. 4,614 crores on a year-on-year growth rate of 
7.7%. So effectively here again there's a churn. We're not bidding for very high-cost deposit 
from the market but for our relationship customers and for our Retail customers we are definitely 
in the market and we've been able to really get the accretion on the overall deposit story. Our 
deposit franchise is also working very well. 
Net interest income, resultant of all this, stood at Rs. 3,310.38 crores for FY'25, as against Rs. 
3,298.72 crores in FY'24. While the gross interest income has grown 8.62%, the year-on-year 
during this period, this cost of funds and the cost of deposit has resulted in overall NII growth 
remaining quite flat. It is also worthwhile mentioning here that the penal charges which have 
been implemented instead of the penal interest income, this is something which will also result 
in a reduction and that quantum is about closer to Rs. 23 crores for the Q4 and overall, for the 
year because it is implemented sometime in the middle of last year. The overall year annually it 
was Rs. 61 crores for the 12-month period. If you really exclude this impact, we have grown the 
NII by about 2.2% year-on-year. The NIM has grown, and it has been 3.19% in FY'25 was 
3.52%. Here again the NIM stood at 2.98% for the last quarter which is Q4 compared to 3.02% 
for the previous quarter. 
Excluding the impact of the reclassification of penal charges which has happened the NIM for 
FY'25 would have been 3.25% on a comparable basis with the previous year and that for the 
quarter would have been 3.06%. With the improved focus on higher yielding Retail and direct 
to corporate advances, combined with expected easing in cost of funds we believe that the NIM 
will improve by at least 10 bps to 20 bps as we go forward in the first in this fiscal. The CD ratio 
of the bank has is at 74.38% compared to 77.84% and that was the previous quarter and of course 
we have had very conscious exit strategy for some of the bulk advantage that I mentioned to you 
and for the last year comparable was 74.5. While the CD ratio remains more or less at the same 
level, the churn in the advances portfolio has resulted in higher profitability and this will 
continue again as a strategy. 
 The stressed assets, which is very significant in terms of improvement to the book quality, with 
gross NPAs improving to 3.08% in March '25 compared to 3.11% in the previous quarter. For 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
the previous year ended, it was 3.53%. So there is actually reduction of almost 45 bps on the 
gross NPA and this is a commitment that we had given to the investors that by the end of the 
year we will bring it closer to 3% and I think we are meeting that commitment. Likewise, on net 
NPA, we continue to improve which is at the 1.31% as of March '25 improving from 1.39 the 
previous quarter and which was 1.58 for the previous year So annually again here we have 
improved by 27 bps. And this is a significant achievement because of the overall NPA numbers 
in absolute terms decreasing and in percentage terms also very favorable. 
Gross slippages stands at 0.34% in the  quarter as against 0.79% in the previous quarter, in the 
corresponding quarter for the last year. For the year ended March ‘25, the slippage ratio was 
1.71% as against 2.8% in the previous year. This is a significant reduction and the target for 
FY'26 will continue to be below 2% as we go forward. And this is again possible due to 
recoveries and the quality of the book significantly improving. Recoveries for the quarter, for 
the entire year we have recovered at about Rs. 556 crores. But for the quarter, it was Rs. 174 
crores in Q4 versus Rs.101 crores the previous quarter and Rs. 197 crores in the corresponding 
quarter of last year. So this, again, the pool is reducing, but on the other side, whatever recovery 
measures that we need to institutionalize, including external agencies for Retail less than one 
crore, the granular loans, etc., we have a Retail collection team that has been set up. We have a 
specific DGM who was literally hired into the Bank. And this is basically setting up of the Retail 
franchise, that is where we grow in the Retail book, we need to also step up our collection 
organization. 
The standard restructured asset, here again the bank has done significantly well, including related 
accounts to that sub-1,000 crores, it was Rs. 994.77 crores as of March ‘25 compared to                              
Rs. 1,113.65 crores the previous quarter and Rs. 1,579.35 crores as of 31st March ‘24. Here again 
this is a book which about 2.5 years ago was about close to Rs. 4,500 crores and this has come 
down drastically because of concerted efforts from all the regions and this is something which 
for the first time the bank has done exceedingly well by bringing it down. This actually has 
resulted in a very favorable position as far as the bank is concerned because if you actually total 
up our gross NPA plus restructured advances as a percentage on the gross advances, it remains 
at 4.36% as against 5.70% the previous year and of course the prior years was even higher. The 
standard restructured advances is approximately 54% of the restructured portfolio which 
comprises of loans which require upgradation because of the 30% recovery. Otherwise, they are 
standard and performing as assets but up to the 30% we need to actually keep it as restructured 
portfolio. The other notable item to call out is that this total portfolio which is the 54% amounts 
to Rs. 553 crores. Out of that, Rs. 421 crores is actually housing loans. So these housing loans 
are also standard paying, but only thing is that they have not completed 30% recovery and which 
is how the exit and the upgradation into standard advances will happen. 
The PCR, Provision Coverage Ratio, including technical write-offs, stands at 81.42% for March 
'25 compared to 80.64% in December and including technical write-off, PCR improved to 
58.18% as compared to 56.03% the previous quarter. This again is a commitment that we have 
made that every quarter, net of technical write-off the bank would improve the PCR by 1% every 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
quarter. And we have been committing this ever since September quarter onwards and we have 
done better than what the commitment was. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) as of 31st March stood at 162.5% up from 152% in the previous 
quarter and as again the statutory target of 100%. Cost of funds this is a major worry as far as 
the industry is concerned and we are at 5.67% compared to 5.42% in FY'24 The previous quarter 
it stood at 5.83% compared to again 5.69% in Q3 FY'25 and 5.59% in Q4 FY'24. The reduction 
in the dependence of bulk deposits and replace with Retail deposit at card rates and the CASA 
buildup, we should see this improving further as you go forward. So, and of course, we will have 
to reprice our deposits based on the interest rates scenario in the country. 
The credit cost stands at the lowest that this bank has achieved in the past. It was .05%  for Q4 
as against 0.12% for Q3 and 0.2% in Q4 of FY'24. The total credit cost for the entire year FY'25 
stands at 0.37% as against 0.84% as you know in the previous year. With this continued focus 
on slippages, the credit cost should remain in the target and at about 0.5% for the entire Financial 
Year '26. 
Cost-to-income ratio, this is something which is temporarily blips because of the investments as 
well as the infrastructure that we are building on the Retail side, and the cost to income ratio 
stood at 60.11%. But if we exclude the impact of the additional one-time provisioning for 
actuarial assumptions, as I said earlier for Retail benefits, the adjusted cost to income ratio for 
the year would stand at 58.3%. Various cost rationalization efforts, including renegotiating 
rentals, vendor commercials and keeping operating expenses under check are happening. So, 
with the strategies to increase NII and NIM, and through our advanced deposit strategies, the 
bank cost to income should come down to about 55% by the end of this Financial Year FY'26. 
The ROE stands at 11.1% compared to 13.71% of the previous year. ROA stands at 1.05% versus 
1.19% in FY'24. We expect the ROA and ROE in FY'26 supported by continuous accretion in 
the higher yielding RAM segment and movement from bulk into Retail deposit leading to 
improvement in NII and correspondingly the improvement in PAT. And we are hopeful that 
there is an improvement in both these parameters. 
The capital adequacy ratio, CRAR, stands highest in recent times for the bank. It's 19.85% and 
tier one is 18.35%. This includes ploughing back of the profits for the entire year. And tier two 
stands at 1.5% in comparison to 17.64% the previous quarter and 18% for the previous year. So 
to summarize, the bank is quite comfortable when it comes to capital adequacy, LCR,the PCR 
and also the quality of the book which is both the restructured as well as the GNP and NNPA is 
concerned. So, the bank is focusing on growth and including some compliance measures and 
making sure that we are regulatory in full compliance control wise and also making sure that we 
have a very clear articulated growth strategy in each of the segments that we are in. 
So, on that note, I would like to conclude and thank you all for the support. And I thank all of 
the senior management team who have rallied behind us to perform for the Financial Year ended 
'25 and looking forward to a promising growth in FY'26. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Thank you, Sagar. And now you may open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Sir, there is delay in filing of investors presentation, which I understand that  that it  would have 
been much many more agenda points on the board. Maybe this call got rescheduled, we could 
have a schedule this for tomorrow. As an investor analyst we would require some time before 
coming out and thinking for the analysis of the result. It would be great if we shift this call on 
the next day whenever the board meeting is there. So that is one feedback. Second, on the 
implementation of the disclosures, I must congratulate bank that and the  bank has implemented 
a lot of changes in terms of disclosures. One important change on the advance is breakup. On 
the slide #21, doesn't match quarter-on-quarter if one has to match up kind of a breakup that we 
would give on the sectoral front for the December versus say March. It doesn't match also doesn't 
matches with the slide #20 if I have to dissect how much of the Retail book is within the Agri, 
the disclosure on the gold loan within the Agri is not there on the slide. I would request bank to 
consider this with respect to the advances and for once give a 4-5 or 6 quarter comparable 
numbers, it would be really helpful for the analyst to plug in when it comes to on the Excel 
sheets. So that's a second thing. 
So I'll now start on the questions. My question is on the first on the liability side. We have 
garnered Rs. 3,000 crores of extra CASA quarter-on-quarter. But why this is not reflecting when 
it comes to cost of funds actually that have gone up. Why doesn't that reflect when it comes to 
cost of deposits while we have garnered more granular deposits, cost of deposits have also gone 
up. So please help me in dissecting this extra CASA while the cost has gone up? 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you so much, Priyank, for all the feedback. Your continuous feedback has only improved 
our investor presentation and disclosures. We have taken the feedback related to this Agri and 
the break up that is the gold breakup, etc. we will do the RBI classification as well as the sector 
of classification. But just to let you know that you know the total accretion as far as CASA is 
concerned was Rs. 2,000 crores. It was not 3,000 crores per quarter, it was 2,000 crores for the 
entire year. The second is that Retail deposit, you're right that we've been growing the Retail 
deposit. But the Retail deposit also last year, it was not, up to February until the rate cut 
happened, it was quite tough in the market and all banks are offering 7.5 to 8. In fact, we are 
perhaps one of the lowest, but because the relationship and the loyalty that our customers have 
with us, we've been still able to grow even with rates which were lower than the market. Having 
said that, we have stayed competitive and this year what we are doing is that, after the two rate 
cuts we have made some changes as far as the deposit overall offering is concerned both in terms 
of the tenor and in terms of offering value. So earlier whatever that we were doing for 375 days 
if they want to renew, they renew for a higher rate, but for a higher tenure. And this is a strategy 
that we have been adopting and it's actually played out well. So, we will see this impact as far 
as far as the lowering of the overall cost of funds, cost of deposit is concerned in this year only 
because all the changes that we have done, we made it towards the last year, but majority of the 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
last year, it was still at a higher level only. So, there's a lag always when it comes to the deposit 
pricing and the repricing. I hope I've explained that to you. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Yes, it does explain. So, you mean that the changes that we have done should be visible going 
ahead in every quarter, right? Progressively we should see… 
Srikrishnan H: 
Yes. Based on the 2 rate cuts, we have already done that for in fact, even prior to April, we have 
implemented the revised rates as far as the Retail term deposit is concern. So we will see that 
impact for this entire full year beginning this quarter itself. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So would you want to call out how much would be the cost of funds benefit that we should think 
on a total deposit side? 
Srikrishnan H: 
We are doing some study on that in terms of basis the maturity, because what happens is that 
there are various deposits that would have been taken for 375 days. And that is something that 
we will like to do that. So we'll come back to you on this Priyank. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. Coming to the on the asset side, I take note that there have been a lot of product launches 
that have happened at least on the Retail front, and we have grown at 15%. But when it comes 
to total book, would it be, how should we see when it comes to a total gross asset which have 
not grown the way we would have thought of? And actually, what's holding back in terms of 
growing the total assets, firing the SME engine itself, which is which has also not grown this 
quarter. Is it a recovery mechanism that are taking more time or is it a credit underwriting 
mechanism that is taking more time? Help us understand how should we think about asset growth 
after implementing lot of products what's holding back bank in terms of growing every quarter? 
Srikrishnan H: 
So, Priyank, actually, as far as the Retail segment is concerned, we have set up this engine which 
includes the sales teams as well as the new leadership, etc., only about 6 months to 7 months. So 
the real impact on that would be felt only this year. Although the last year we have grown in 
absolute terms, the book accretion just on the RAM segment alone is as I said earlier more than 
Rs. 4,300 crores for the year. But the current running rate obviously the last two quarters have 
been much better than the first two quarters of the last year. So we are trying to improve that 
because of this infrastructure, the Retail asset center and so on. The second is that, from a 
strategic perspective, for us immediately, we want to actually deploy our funds into Retail 
portfolio and not much of the MSME because again, the rate sensitivities and also, so that's got 
nothing to do with recovery as you were mentioning. It was basically again a setup for the first 
phase of Retail asset center. We have taken on housing loan and the rest of the other Retail 
vehicle loans and so on and we will be taking on the MSME in this quarter only. So, there is a 
time lag. Now we also got a national head of MSME who works under our overall, General 
Manager who's in charge of Retail the RAM segment So there is a lot of focus at a national level 
and as I said the RSM concept that we are bringing in would also play out only during this year 
because we just kind of started aligning the teams and making sure that there are the products, 
etc.,  One of the key initiatives that we will be taking up this year is to launch a MSME portal, 
which is a digital channel for MSMEs. We are looking at some evaluation, but that's something 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
that would take at least about 2-3 quarters from now to, but we do have a budget which has been 
approved for setting up a MSME portal and we will probably have very clearly value-added 
features in the portal and it will be a mobile access. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Yes, I hear that. Would it be possible to call out the inflection point or the inflection quarter after 
all the deployment of the backend that we have done? Would it be June quarter? Would it be 
September or December quarter is when the engine really fires, the flywheel really gets the 
impact. So, would it be possible to call out in terms of what is the timeline that we're looking at 
to look out the real results? 
Srikrishnan H: 
So actually it is very difficult to callout quarter wise. All that I can tell you this is an ongoing 
journey. The investment that we made and the enhancement that we made in the last year will 
play out this year. And this year's enhancement will play out by the end of this financial year 
and the next full year. So that is how this whole process works. But I can only tell you that the 
H2 will be better than the H1 of this year. By then, most of whatever that we need to do in the 
RAM segment, we would have done. And in any case, as we have the net accretion of book of 
Rs. 4,300 crores, we are expecting much higher numbers in this financial. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. I get that. Just a last question. Commendable job again on the asset quality and the 
recoveries, what I again not able to apprehend is 52% of the restructure loans are housing and 
I'm sure these are secured. Why does it, what's holding up bank to get that into the normal 
structured book and get them out of the restructured book? 
Srikrishnan H: 
It is a 30% regulatory requirement in terms of the repayment that has to happen and this is true 
of any classification of the loan. So, one year of satisfactory performance and up to 30% of 
repayment has to happen. So it will all happen as they kind of complete this because this is all 
basis COVID restructuring and other restructuring that we have done, but the good news is that 
out of the total more than 50% of the overall restructured book comprises of granular and housing 
and also standard and it has been in restructured only because of the fact that they have not met 
these two regulatory stipulations. 
Priyank Chheda: 
One last just data keeping question, the amount that you called out for the provisioning of the 
employee cost around Rs. 113 crores. How much of that was done in Q4 or was it only done in 
Q4? 
Srikrishnan H: 
It was done only in Q4. So, when it comes to absolute cost of employee expenses when I look 
out on the adjusted basis around Rs. 1400 crores for the full year, how should we look when it 
comes to FY'26? Would it be a normal salary inflation that would come up or is there something 
else would? It will stabilize at this level because but for some impact due to maybe the yield on 
this actuarial basis, etc., there will not be anything. But from now it will be normal, 
fundamentally because normal salary increases which we will have to provision for which is 
basis IBA or other increases is what we will be providing for. And I think most of whatever that 
we needed to do has already been done. We could look at potentially increasing the pension 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
salary escalation rate also to 5% as you go forward, but right now the bank will not make that 
call. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. I have few more data keeping questions. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you so much for your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Satyan Wadhwa from Profusion 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Good evening, Satyan. 
Satyan Wadhwa: 
Good evening. So my question was again in terms of just our personnel cost, what is the real 
personnel cost that we should expect in FY'26? That Rs. 113 crore was a one-off, but what is the 
actual increase or what would you be sort of estimating for FY'26? 
Srikrishnan H: 
So our current year, our overall establishment cost is about Rs. 1,500 plus crores. Out of that, 
the salary is about 1,182 and 355 is superannuation benefits. Compared to the last year, the 
superannuation benefits, it has increased and also the salary has increased. This is basically the 
normal salary increase that we will do from now. So we believe that, let us say that, on the last 
year basis, the salary has increased by about Rs. 150 crores and the retirement benefits by about 
approximately Rs. 50 odd crores. So Rs. 200 crores could be a potential increase that you see 
because all investments related to lateral hiring leadership as well as the overall staffing the 
regular increases, the manpower budget, etc., have been done last year. Last year, we have 
recruited close to about you 400 plus people and this year again, we will be recruiting, this 
includes both professional officers as well as the clerical staff and this year also we would 
perhaps we're doing another about similar or maybe about 20% 30% more than that so this is 
something which is an ongoing exercise and we believe that for the new branches and for all of 
the backfilling that we need to do for our internal guys who will take on higher positions for 
promotions, etc.,  we believe that we have provided for and it will all be within the same number 
that I mentioned. 
Satyan Wadhwa: 
So 1,600 to 1,650 would be a reasonable estimate, right? For FY'26? 
Srikrishnan H: 
1,700 you should take because 1,538 plus 150 plus 50 is what I said. 
Satyan Wadhwa: 
Okay. I was reducing the Rs. 100 crores out of that also. Okay. Fair enough. And what is the 
sort of ROE bump up one should expect for FY'26 and FY'27, what is the bank sort of looking 
to achieve? 
Srikrishnan H: 
From a ROE perspective, fundamentally because of the capital that we have raised and also the 
fact that our capital adequacy has been really high, so we need to sweat it out and also put in the 
assets which from a risk weighted perspective is also consuming capital. So this is something 
which the bank is well placed for as far as this year is concerned. And so this is one of the key 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
initiatives here. And we believe that our ROA and ROE guidance, whatever that we have said 
earlier, which is at 12% to 14% is what we have said as far as ROE is concerned. And our ROA 
currently, whatever it is, from there we believe that 1.1% to 1.2% is what we will see as well as 
the overall ROA is concerned. Fundamentally, the 10 to 20 bps of our increase in the yield and 
the NIM and also the fact that other income, including treasury income, etc., has been on the 
rise. All that will contribute to this. So we are quite confident on the ROA pulling it back to 
about 1.1% to 1.2% as we go forward. So that has been the guidance. We already published this 
in the investor report. 
Satyan Wadhwa: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you so much. you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, namaskar sir. And firstly, thank you for this opportunity. Sir, if you could just outline to us 
about the employee cost part of the line item, what are the one-off for this quarter and what 
should we be penciling in terms of a quarterly run rate going ahead, sir? 
Srikrishnan H: 
So as I mentioned to the previous participant that the total that we have had as far as the employee 
cost is concerned the one-time actuarial estimates were closer to Rs. 113 crores comprising of a 
change in our accounting policy on the salary escalation rate for PL, gratuity and sick leave that 
was increased from current 4% to 5% for the entire year and we provided that in the last quarter 
only. There was also an actuarial adjustment based on the yield that also was about Rs. 30 crores. 
So Rs. 113 crores pre-tax is what we were hit with and but that's one time. But our overall cost 
as far as the personal cost is involved is stabilized and as I said to the earlier participant that it 
will stabilize at that level and will continue to be there. So as far as the new financial year is 
concerned, I think all the investment that are required barring the 400-500-600 people that we 
need to recruit this year which will be done but that will be at probationary officer level or at the 
entry level on the clerical side. So technically we are all really well placed as far as the HR cost 
is concerned. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So sir, can you be penciling in any number sir? I think so 1,550 was the number for this Financial 
Year. On a quarterly run rate or an annualized basis, what should we be employees cost going 
ahead? 
Srikrishnan H: 
We will close out the year including retiral benefit at about Rs. 1,700 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, now coming to, you said that the new interest regime, I think so that that's going to be 
safe going ahead. And as you mentioned also earlier, that RBI may be taking the decision to 
lower the repo rate again in its meet. So taking that into account, what you are factoring that the 
coming rate cut in your NIMs guidance or we will be having a different number going ahead? 
What have you factored in that? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Srikrishnan H: 
Our NIM guidance, we have said that we would be between 3.2% to 3.4% for this new Financial 
Year.. But having said that, one of the key things and unique features in our portfolio on the 
asset side is that more than 50% of our portfolios EBRL based and these are actually T bills 
based and if I add the overall RAM segment also, up to 70% is actually on EBLR T - bills base. 
Now the T bills rate has more or less stabilized due to the rate cuts and the further reduction 
from our Treasury our house view and from our external economist views is that repo will come 
down but T bills will kind of maintain a level as to where it is, it won't come down as much as 
repo from now So in the falling interest rates scenario, we are in an advantageous position as far 
as the bank is concerned for almost like 70% of our book is concerned. The other is that if you 
look through the balance, the floating rate and the rest of the other repricing that we need to do 
as far as the corporate assets are concerned here again, we have the ability to reprice them on a 
quarterly basis. So we will be in a position to reprice the assets. So our asset strategy and 
basically the advanced strategy based on the movement in MCLR, EBLR for the last one year, 
I think we got our calls right. And we believe that, we have made the right call for the future 
also. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So sir, lastly sir, what should be expected in the growth in NIMs for the current financial year 
sir? 
Srikrishnan H: 
It will be in the range of 3.2 to 3.4. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, I'm talking about the net interest income in terms of percentage growth, margin you have 
mentioned, the total NII? 
Srikrishnan H: 
In terms of NII growth, I think what will happen is that because of the rate cut, which is coming 
up and the impact which will happen. So our own belief is that, the NII per se will not really 
have much impact and it will more or less stabilize at the same level. But the real benefit will be 
seen in the cost to deposits and the cost of funds which will come down. So as a result, the 
improvement to NIM will happen. And we believe that, overall the other income will also be a 
good opportunity for the bank, both in the falling rate scenario from a treasury perspective where 
the bank has a book which is basically the excess SLR book and so on. So on that basis, we 
believe that while there will be an improvement to NIM, NII will be stable and cost of funds will 
come down. And as a result, there will be a NIM impact positively of about 10 to 20 bps. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And last point will be sir on the advances part I think we have guided for a 1 lakh crore 
number. So, we are on the path for the trajectory, I think so this year it was closer to Rs. 78,000 
crore.  
Srikrishnan H: 
What we had said was that in March of '23, actually June of '23 not even March, June of '23 is 
when we said that we will aspire to become one lakh crores. Going by the same way currently 
at 78. This year was a little bit of a slowdown not only for us but for the entire market because 
the credit growth in the market had come down because of the low GDP geopolitical factors and 
so on. But it also happened that there's a churn in the portfolio, so the same portfolio which we 
had put up a lot of one time I would say assets, which are again better than treasury yields but 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
again low yield advances which we are replacing with direct to corporate and Retail advances. 
So as a result while the book growth may not be seen there is a churn in the advances portfolio 
which results in higher profitability. Having said that our target would be to achieve closer to 
Rs. 90,000 crores as of this financial year end. The book and also we would have one more 
quarter where you know we could probably go closer to the Rs. 100,000 crore. So I think Rs. 
100,000 crore may not be a reality in this financial year itself, but we'll go closer to that and the 
next Financial Year we'll be achieving that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, thank you for all the responses. In your press release also, one point was mentioned about 
we growing our corporate book going ahead. So can you allude more to it? What is the current 
percentage of our advances and what are we eyeing in terms of the corporate-facing part of our 
loan book going ahead? That's last question. 
Srikrishnan H: 
So what happens is that, if you look at our book, our book essentially comprises of close to 70% 
on granular which is essentially 50% of Retail and about 16% to 18% is all the MSME and SMEs 
and all that. The balance is where the corporate book is where it is divided into mid corporates 
and large corporates So there will be a reduction in the large corporate and the NBFC lending 
which we have shown a significant decline this year. Replaced by direct to corporate which again 
will be mid corporate and large corporate, but these are not the PSU corporate which are 
opportunistic lending. These are direct lending to corporate where there is a relationship, account 
planning and a cross-sell and an opportunity to do other business also. So as a result, we believe 
that the overall growth will be there and also the account income per customer will also grow. 
And which is why we have a zonal coverage team and we have a national general manager for 
corporate and mid-corporate advances. And there's a support group which we have set up which 
is basically the Credit Underwriting Teams under the leadership of GM Credit Sanctions. And 
this is a very powerful team. There are three groups within that which is doing. So basically we 
have enhanced our credit underwriting skills, our ability in terms of outreach, and also acquiring 
customers and where there is also a churn in the portfolio. So this is how the whole book will 
work. The balance 30% would be the mid corporate book. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. Thank you for all the answers and the only point was that, the lowering of dividend 
sir, I think so for your investing community what message are you conveying there by although 
it is by 10%, but why have the board looked at Rs. 5 as a payout which is even lower than last 
year? 
Srikrishnan H: 
See, I think, it is a growth story right now. And we had done 5.5 last year, fundamentally, which 
was the centenary year of the bank. And that was like a one time that we had done. But 5 is a 
number that we have been consistently doing for the past few years and we have gone back to 
that. So this dividend is definitely very important for all our valued Retail, as well as institutional 
shareholders. But I think investors have to look through this as a growth story where we are 
really trying to change the bank into a powerful kind of a brand, involving investments in 
technology, infrastructure, digital, sales, and distribution network. So this is where we are still, 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
we have gotten to an investment mode in this transformation exercise. So this will take, I mean, 
this is like a curve that takes time to really get to the next level. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir. And all the best to the team. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you for your best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harshvardhan Agarwal from Bandhan 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Harshvardhan Agarwal: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So just 2 questions. Hi sir, just 2 questions. Just wanted to 
understand what's the guidance for the advances growth for the next year? 
Srikrishnan H: 
There will be a growth with a churn. So while absolute terms, the growth will be around 14%, 
but the net growth in the advances would be about 18% to 19% because of the fact that we are 
putting on new assets. But the overall growth in the book would be about 11% to 12%. 
Harshvardhan Agarwal: 
Okay, so what you are saying is probably we will end the next Financial Year at around Rs. 
85,000 crores of advances, is that? 
Srikrishnan H: 
More,  we will be much more than that. We will be closer to Rs. 90,000 crores. 
Harshvardhan Agarwal: 
Okay, so that's around 18% loan book growth. Fair enough. And sir just wanted to understand 
in one of the previous participants' question, you mentioned that your net interest income on an 
absolute basis will remain flat for the next year. Is that what you meant? Probably I just want to 
clarify that. 
Srikrishnan H: 
So it's very difficult to give guidance on this at this stage, Harshvardhan. So which is why we 
would desist from doing that. 
Harshvardhan Agarwal: 
Just wanted to understand because I think that is what you sort of mentioned in one of the 
previous participants' questions. 
Srikrishnan H: 
What is your exact question, Harshvardhan? 
Harshvardhan Agarwal: 
So I just wanted to understand this net interest income next year.. 
Srikrishnan H: 
It is very difficult because one is that the rates are coming down. So obviously, we have the NII 
which will more or less kind of remain flat. The reason that why our bank will remain flat while 
the couple of banks who have repo based or market them in CLR based portfolio which are 
higher that will come down even faster in our case it will be at least stable. So that is the 
difference number one. Second is that while NII could remain flat or more or less there, but the 
real difference would be the cost of funds because deposit interest rates would come down also. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
The growth in book will have a yield which will be higher in terms of the NII. But I am saying 
that as a percentage or the overall margin on our overall book would more or less be the same. 
Harshvardhan Agarwal: 
Fair. And sir, just one last quick question. Where we are seeing at around our advances growth 
will be 18% roundabout for the full year. Is this contingent on a system growing at a specific 
rate or this is irrespective of what the system grows and will be at around 18%? 
Srikrishnan H: 
No. We have assumed obviously the system, the GDP at current levels and in fact from now on 
looking up rather than looking down. So that is an assumption that we have made. But the last 
year when we were all planning exercise the same time or a little before this time last the previous 
for the previous year, we were all looking at GDP growth, but it actually has come down. So we 
hope that that doesn't happen this year. So that is a fundamental premise on which we are doing. 
But other than that in terms of the percentage is what I'm talking about, whereby irrespective of 
whatever happens while we might grow the book which will be like more than 18%, 17%- 18% 
but the net book growth would be about 14% that is what we are looking at because of the churn 
that we are talking about because we also have some assets which are blocked like interbank 
part of the IBPCs and all that, so which we want to kind of know really move away from. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my question is, could you indicate what sort of credit cost are 
we looking for in FY'26 and FY'27? 
Srikrishnan H: 
So credit cost, the overall outlook for the year next year would be the same as this year which is 
more or less about, let us say that below 0.5%. 
Rishikesh: 
And also one question similar to what the earlier participant had asked. So, although we are 
saying that our loan book will increase from Rs. 78,000 crores to closer to Rs. 90,000 crores, are 
we saying that our NII will be flat? 
Srikrishnan H: 
No. See, what happens is that, NII will increase marginally because of the fact that in a falling 
interest rate scenario, now there is a repricing that happened because I told you that 
approximately 70% of our book is EBLR T-bill based. While the T-bill might not have a huge 
impact because it is already kind of stabilized and it won't fall further from what it is as much as 
how a repo will fall, it will fall. So as a result what happens is that the NII even on an enhanced 
book at least if you are maintaining at the same level itself is a big achievement in this market. 
However, corresponding position on the deposit side is beneficial for us because the cost of 
deposit which we have already done one repricing already and basis the next couple of rate cuts 
as and when they happen, we will be able to reprice this but of course there is always a lag 
between the asset side and the deposit side, but we already achieved the first phase and we 
believe that we will be able to do this in the second phase of the rate cuts that are projected. But 
these are all again estimation. The second part is that even if you reduce for the deposit the book 
to really the transmission to happen, that takes time because there is always a lag. The fact that 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
some deposits, the most deposits are 365 to 375 days. So then what happens is that only about 
50% of the book would get impacted and the balance 50% takes time. So that is a continuous 
exercise in that. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Yashvanth T. who's a Retail investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Good evening Mr. Yashwant. 
Yashvanth T.: 
Yes, hi, Srikrishnan. I mean from the earlier call, I mean the caller, who has raised the question 
with respect to employee expenses. So, for which you have guided that it would be like around 
Rs. 1,700 crores for the next Financial Year. So, considering that , looking at the loan advances, 
so we are churning out large corporate advances so that we can increase on the Retail front, 
right? So, on expenses side, we know that we are clearly seeing that it is going to grow up like 
maybe about 10%, 15% from here on.  
Srikrishnan H: 
On employee expenses, yes. 
Yashvanth T.: 
Yes. So considering if we don't grow our book, how do we expect that the probability of the 
bank would go high. I mean, if we keep churning large corporate advances and then trying to 
increase the Retail. So, I mean, my point is how long we intended to do this in order to maintain 
this asset quality, I mean, do you foresee any timeline wherein you can say that, we are done 
with this churning and then we will be all good and then we will be increasing the book size? 
Srikrishnan H: 
Yashwant, this is a very complex thing. Let me make it simple for you. As far as the expenses 
are concerned, the expenses are a function of number of branches that we increase in terms of 
the staffing and also anything which is to be invested for any new businesses and so on. Now as 
far as the bank is concerned, we have done, I would say, of the investments in terms of the 
leadership and also everything related to the sales teams. Now the sales teams will further be 
augmented as we go forward, but they are all business teams and obviously, the cost whether it 
is through the DSA or through direct sales teams deployed by the bank. They are all obviously 
on a variable pay basis and the lesser of a fixed. So that way it is all more or less success based. 
The second part is that so while the employee expenses might look at a 15% rise as you rightly 
said, but the real part is that as far as the overall income stream is concerned. Now, we are trying 
to grow the book on the asset side through Retail, Agri, Mid-Market, and mid-cost rate, where 
the yields are going to be much higher than what we are actually getting in our current book, and 
that is a churn. The second is the new book which is getting into the bank through the accretion. 
That also will be at a rate which will be higher than what our overall cost of funds is. So the 
margin is something which is going to improve. That is the first part. The second part is that the 
deposit side automatically will come down in terms of the cost of funds and that is because of 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
the fact that everything there is a lag and as far as the overall pricing and repricing, etc., between 
the asset side and the deposit side, each one takes a different route. But absolute amount, this 
particular value will increase and this is how the overall profitability of the bank also increases 
as it reflected this year. So compared to the last year on a book which is grown, but including 
the churn from Rs. 1,306 crores, we actually have made equivalent to Rs. 1,470 crores almost. 
And the reason is that we cannot recognize the treasury income because of the regulatory 
changes that have happened compared to the previous year. So we do have profitability intact. 
And the profitability increases as we go forward. And next year, of course, from a comparative 
basis, we will not have this treasury income to be called out separately etc., because the whole 
year itself, we have not been able to take treasury income. And this year also, we will not take it 
at all. So this whole thing is a very simple mechanism where the net interest margin, the other 
income on account of treasury, everything related to other income on fees, commissions and 
exchanges, etc., all of that contribute on the income side. And the expenses are more or less 
stabilizing now. And we believe that all the investments in technology scaling up, capacity 
building, operational part, national back office, all those investments have been made. Trust I 
have answered your question. 
Yashvanth T.: 
Yes, I will probably drop an email on that. So my question on the next part is, I was looking at 
the report generated by the Chartered Accountants. So I see that emphasis of a matter which has 
noted that there was a Whole-Time Director who has used his delegated powers and then 
incurred some expenses and which was not ratified by the board. So can you explain or can you 
give some more information with respect to that please? 
Srikrishnan H: 
It's a very simple matter. The amounts are very insignificant, but it's just the governance part, 
the bank had to take this into account. If there is anything which is incurred beyond the delegated 
authority, obviously there are explanations and making sure that those are either ratified or we 
will have to kind of make sure that the bank has a very conclusive part related to that, so that has 
been done and which is why it is a simple matter which is an emphasis of matter , which is 
normal and the amounts are not at all large. 
Moderator: 
Yashwant sir, due to paucity of the time, we would take that as the last question for today. 
Yashvanth T.: 
I have a follow up question. Iam just giving more information with respect to the process that 
has to be in place. I request you to allow me a minute. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Yes, go on Yashwant, your question will be answered. 
Yashvanth T.: 
Thanks Srikrishnan. So I understand that the amount is not that major. Rather, I am more focused 
with respect to the process. So as we understand that we should not have this kind of similar 
kind of situation going forward, do we have the process in place? That's my question. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Yes, we do have a policy and process, etc., but there was some kind of, I would say, 
interpretational or ambiguity in the policy, which has been corrected already. And we will ensure 
the same so that it doesn't happen again. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Yashvanth T.: 
Okay. Thanks, Srikrishnan. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you so much. Sagar,  back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as a last question for today. I would now 
like to turn the conference over to Mr. Srikrishnan H sir for closing comments. 
Srikrishnan H: 
I wish to thank all the participants today for the very insightful questions. And we hope that we 
have answered everything. Thank you for staying up late. And I apologize once again for a 
delayed start. And also, we have taken note of the  feedback of some suggestions that have come, 
whether to hold the investor / analyst conference call the next day or not, we will evaluate that. 
And thank you so much. Have a good evening, all of you. I thank my management team who 
has been present and rallying behind us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Karnataka Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
