 
 
E-filing 
 
REF: TTL: SE: 05/08 
 
 
 
 
                  
Date: May 16, 2025 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited      
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE:  533655 
STOCK CODE:  TRITURBINE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Investors/Analysts Conference call held on May 12, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on May 12, 2025 for investors/analysts in respect of the 
standalone and consolidated audited financial results of the Company for the 4th quarter 
and Financial Year ended on March 31, 2025.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.triveniturbines.com.    
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours’ faithfully 
For Triveni Turbine Limited  
 
 
 
Pulkit Bhasin 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A27686 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
PULKIT 
BHASIN
Digitally signed 
by PULKIT 
BHASIN 
Date: 2025.05.16 
17:50:16 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q4 & FY 25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Triveni Turbine Limited Q4 and 
FY 25 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Barar. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating in the Q4 
and FY 25 earnings conference call of Triveni Turbine Limited. We have with us 
today on the call, Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
S.N. Prasad, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sachin Parab, Chief Operating Officer; 
Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Surabhi Chandna, Investor 
Relations and Value Creation. 
 
We will start this call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have an interactive question-and-answer session. I now request Mr. Nikhil 
Sawhney to share some perspectives with you with regard to the operations and 
outlook for the business. Over to you, Mr. Sawhney. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab and a very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
Thank you for joining the Q4 and FY 25 earnings call for Triveni Turbine Limited.  
At the outset, I'd like to welcome you to what has been another record quarter, 
the 17th quarter of growth for the Company. And this has been the highest ever 
annual Revenue, EBITDA, PAT and Order Booking along with a record Closing 
Order Book for the Company in FY 25. We had the highest ever revenue of 
₹20.06 billion, an increase of 21%. We had the highest ever EBITDA of ₹5.18 
billion, up 36% year-on-year with a margin of 25.8%, which is an increase of 280 
basis points (bps) year-over-year (y-o-y). 
 
We also had the highest ever Profit Before Tax (PBT) at ₹4.89 billion, up 37% 
year-over-year with a margin of 24.3%, which is an increase of 270 bps y-o-y, as 
well as the highest ever Profit After Tax (PAT) at ₹3.59 billion, an increase of 33% 
y-o-y. 
 
All of this was done, of course, based on the order booking that we had, not only 
during the year, but in FY 24. And so again, we are very proud that we have had 
the highest ever annual order booking of ₹23.63 billion during FY 25, an increase 
of 26% y-o-y. And has this left us with a record outstanding carry-forward order 
book as of the 31st of March 2025 of ₹19.09 billion, an increase of 23% y-o-y. 
Investments, including cash stand at ₹9.87 billion, an increase of 12% from March 

 
Page 2 of 19 
 
31, 2024. I will give you a little bit more of an indication as to where our cash 
stands given the balance sheet and the execution that we had during the month 
of March.  
 
The Board has also recommended payment of final dividend of 200%, which is 
₹2 per equity share for the financial year FY 24-25, which is subject to the 
approval of our shareholders. But this is in addition to the interim dividend of 
200%, which is also ₹2 per equity share of ₹1 each. 
 
Order booking for this current year has grown very well, as I've already said by 
26%. The product order booking has grown by an impressive 38% to ₹17.41 
billion in FY 25. The key drivers for growth in product order booking were the 
finalisation of orders in the renewable energy sector, industrial clients for 
industrial power generation and power producers and API turbines. Domestically, 
order booking was supported by the Company's strategic foray into the carbon-
dioxide (CO2) energy storage solutions, which I will give more indication about 
as we proceed. 
 
In the API segment, the enquiry base has expanded geographically, resulting in 
order finalisations for both drive and power turbines across the Middle East, 
Southeast Asia, Central & South America and Europe. As a result, the Company 
has achieved its highest ever annual product order booking for the fourth 
consecutive year representing a key milestone in its pursuit of sustainable 
innovative solutions. This also gives an impression of how the Company is able 
to introduce new products and solutions to be able to withstand the volatility that 
exists in end fixed capital formation markets. 
 
The Company continues to see good international demand, which is reflected in 
the export order booking, which has grown by 23% y-o-y to ₹12.59 billion during 
the year. This includes orders secured across broad power ranges from key 
regions, including the Middle East, Europe, North America, Southeast Asia and 
Africa.  
 
The total consolidated outstanding order book stood at a record ₹19.1 billion, 
which was higher by 23% compared to the previous year. The domestic 
outstanding order book stood at ₹8.2 billion, which grew by 9% as compared to 
the previous year, and the export outstanding order book stood at a record ₹10.9 
billion, which is up 36% y-o-y and contributes to 57% of the closing order book.  
 
The enquiry pipeline for both products and aftermarket segments remains very 
robust and is globally diversified. In FY 25, the international enquiry book has 
grown by over 30%, while the domestic enquiry book has grown by an even more 
impressive 120%, providing a strong visibility to the coming year. By diversifying 
across geographies, product market and aftermarket segments, we also aim to 
mitigate the risk associated with market volatility.  
 
While the enquiry book is extremely robust, the market in India has declined as 
we calculated for FY 25 by 10%. While we were anticipating Q4 to be more robust 
in terms of domestic order finalisations, the robust level of enquiries gives us good 
confidence that sectors will come back into our order book within the coming 
quarters.  

 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
A lot of our growth is also driven by Research & Development (R&D), which is a 
key focus area for the Company. We continue to develop new turbines for our 
historic ranges of smaller turbines as well as for medium and larger range turbines 
which are required for a variety of different applications, including for API as well 
as for geothermal and other niche sectors. But at the same time, the higher 
megawatt (MW) categories also provide us with greater visibility into a broader 
market that we can cater our products towards.  
 
We also continue to develop new and innovative solutions, utilising carbon-
dioxide as a means for fluid transmission, which includes an order, which we have 
received along with our Italian partner Energy Dome, with NTPC, which is a ₹290 
crore (₹2.90 billion) order for 160-MW hour long-duration energy storage project 
at NTPC's Kudgi Supercritical Thermal Power Plant. 
 
We are extremely proud of this order as it not only allows a validation of our 
technology. We will, of course, need to work with our partner here as well as with 
the client to ensure a seamless and smooth installation, which will then allow us 
to validate this in the Indian market so that we could operationalise this as a 
product segment going forward. The Company, as I spoke about in our previous 
conference call, will be investing into expansion of certain international 
subsidiaries and further investments into Research & Development (R&D) and 
testing infrastructure as well as adding a new bay in its Sompura facility. 
 
The total capex forecast for this current year, FY 26 is about ₹1.65 billion, which 
includes a carry-forward of about ₹0.44 billion from the previous financial year 
which is FY 25. The capex will not only allow us to augment certain capacity in 
terms of our assembly as well as manufacturing expertise but will significantly 
expand our Research & Development (R&D) and testing infrastructure which is 
required. Apart from the routine capex, which is required for maintenance, there 
will be a further capex in our international subsidiaries to cater to what we foresee 
to be growth in those markets. 
 
People continue to remain the cornerstone of our organisational excellence and 
through a focused approach to internal talent development, external hiring as well 
as continuous learning diversity as well as industry collaboration. We are building 
a future-ready workforce aligned with our customer-first mindset and innovation-
driven agenda. In FY 24-25, Triveni Turbine successfully integrated its talent 
strategy with business priorities, strengthening capability, ensuring leadership 
continuity and setting a strong foundation for sustainable future growth.  
 
As a globally trusted energy innovator, Triveni Turbines is well positioned to 
sustain healthy performance in the near term after delivering a strong 
performance yet again in FY 25. This outlook is supported by a robust order 
booking in API as well as the industrial power generation turbine segments as 
well as the market expansion in high-potential regions such as the United States. 
A robust domestic supply chain further enhances competitiveness and ensures 
business continuity.  
 
The aftermarket business also shows promising growth prospects bolstered by 
an expanding range of offerings, including spare parts, services and 

 
Page 4 of 19 
 
refurbishments, designed to cater to a broader customer base of rotating 
equipment encompassing steam turbines, gas turbines, utility turbines as well as 
geothermal turbines. 
 
The Company's expanding presence in the global market, along with the 
increasing demand for renewable energy, energy efficiency, waste-to-energy and 
decentralised power generation solutions continues to present a significant and 
substantial growth opportunities for the Company, and we are confident in 
leveraging these opportunities, both domestically and internationally, which will 
enable us to maintain the growth and profitability in the coming years.  
 
To give you an idea of some of the ratios that the Company achieved in the 
current year, the Company achieved an EBITDA to sales of 21.8% (ex-other 
income). PAT to sales was at 17.9%. And our Return On Equity (ROE) annualised 
on book equity was 33%. And without investments & bank balance, ROE was 
235%. While the Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) annualised was at 45%. 
And ROCE without investment & bank balance was a very impressive 307%. 
Asset turnover continued to be maintained at about 5.9x and a current ratio of 
about 2.2x. The balance sheet of the Company remains robust. 
 
In the quarter ending Q4 FY 25, we had certain back ending of orders, which 
happened in the month of March, which you'll see from a balance sheet where 
we have higher receivables as well as certain other current assets. Both of these 
are short term in nature and would have already been reversed to a significant 
extent in the month of April to return to a low receivable metric. 
 
The Company has grown very rapidly in the last three years between FY 22 and 
FY 25, the revenue of the Company has grown to 2.36x with a CAGR of 33%. 
And in the same period, between FY 22 and FY 25, the PBT has grown to 2.82x 
with a CAGR of 41%. 
 
Given our growth of order booking of 26% in FY 25 as well as our ending order 
book, which is 23% higher, we are confident of growth in the coming year. As 
what happens with order booking, and as well as turnover, some of this growth 
will be lumpy. But having said that, our order book gives good visibility of growth 
for the coming year, and our enquiry book gives a good visibility of growth for the 
coming future. 
 
This, coupled with our innovations in new product introductions, the new 
technology introductions, which will happen in subsequent quarters and 
subsequent years gives a good visibility of the Company to sustain its remarkable 
growth in the coming years. Of course, maintaining these high growth rates will 
be difficult, but we have full faith in the management who have performed 
exceedingly well. 
 
And we are happy to take your questions now. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Ravi Swaminathan with Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
 

 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Good afternoon. Congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is with 
respect to the API turbine market. So essentially, if you can talk about what is the 
size of the business right now, what is the size of the industry? And what kind of 
scale-up in terms of business can happen over the next two to three years and 
how and why it can happen? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Before I ask Prasad, our CEO to comment on this, we don't give specific 
market numbers, Ravi, as you're aware. But having said that, as we've talked 
about over the last several quarters, there are very distinct avenues for growth 
for the business, which is firstly, to maintain its market share in the smaller turbine 
market, which is below 30 MW at the same time increased market share in the 
higher megawatt space, which is above 30 MW. 
 
While the traditional growth segment of the business has been energy efficiency 
and renewable energy-based power generation, which continues to be the 
mainstay of the business, API as a market segment has increasingly become key 
growth driver to the business, not only in FY 25, but also it showed a little bit in 
FY 24. 
 
Going forward, we aim to increase our focus on this market segment because not 
only is it focused on customers who demand exceedingly high quality, high 
efficiency, high technology turbines. But also, it is a market segment that provides 
a certain degree of reliable and routine investment. This is also reinforced by the 
fact that we've seen while oil prices may have come down, the long-term 
investment goes into oil diversification as well as into gas and methanol and other 
forms of downstream production for the oil integrated majors continues at a robust 
pace. And so, the enquiry book also reflects that in terms of the growth, both 
domestically as well as internationally. 
 
If we look at it from a perspective of what segments will continue to exhibit the 
most amount of growth. As far as the growth in our order book goes, yes, you're 
very right, API will be a market segment, which will drive, in our opinion, more 
than energy efficiency and renewable energy. But renewable energy will continue 
to maintain the largest segment of demand for the Company's products. 
 
Prasad, would you like to comment on Ravi's question. 
 
S. N. Prasad: 
Yes. Good afternoon, Ravi. So, in continuation to what VCMD shared, yes, API 
enquiry pipeline is quite robust, and we are quite bullish. As we communicated in 
earlier conferences also, so we have been in the approved vendor list of major 
refineries, the petrochemical complexes across the globe. And even last financial 
year, some more positive results we were able to gain in terms of getting into the 
approved vendor list, which has given a strong enquiry pipeline. We are quite 
bullish, because we are there in the drive turbines as well as into the power 
application of the API machines. With that, it's going to be a strong growth driver 
for us going forward. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood. My second question with respect to the CO2-based energy storage 
system. So essentially, FY 25, we had got a single order from NTPC Kudgi. How 
replicable are such kind of orders? What is the visibility in terms of scale-up of 
this business? Can this be replicated in more power plants, both NTPC and non-

 
Page 6 of 19 
 
NTPC related business? And if you could talk more in terms of the profitability 
angle also, because how much component value add that we can do in that 
project and how much will be sourced from other or external parties. So, because 
of how the profitability is likely to pan out, is it likely be in line with the overall 
company level profitability if you can talk about that. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, to address it firstly on the margin front, this is a new sort of project for us in 
a sense. It's a little bit more than just the product being sold. But the margin 
expectations are in line with our domestic margins. Having said that, this is a 
developmental project, which we are working closely with our international 
partner along with the client. And we would not be entering into this, if we didn't 
see the potential for this to scale as a business. The opportunity here is very 
solution-oriented, to provide a solution for long-duration energy storage based on 
subcritical cycle of carbon dioxide. As you know, Ravi, we've been also 
developing transcritical as well as supercritical cycles, so the way as to what is 
replicable going forward, we'll have to see based on the economics and the 
reliability to customer.  
 
And so, before I comment as to how scalable this would be from a revenue 
perspective for Triveni Turbines, we'll have to just wait and see a little bit. We'll 
have to see certain factors in terms of how the economics work out, how the 
reliability works out with the customer. 
 
We're obviously very hopeful that this would be a great solution for our customers. 
But more than that because you see the current form of providing either chemical-
based battery storage through lithium-ion or kinetic-based flow pump storage 
hydro as energy storage options. Thermal storage is also extremely important. 
And so, the cost parameters already makes sense. We just have to see if the rest 
of it can also work out. Principally, there's no reason why there should not be an 
alternative in our basket for energy storage for the country as well as globally. But 
at the current point in time, when we are giving a forecast for our enquiry growth, 
etc., it does not include this as a market segment. 
 
Having said that, when you look at the ₹290 crore (₹2.90 billion) order in this Q4 
and if you say how much of it was in the historic Turbine segment versus the 
CO2, you also should keep in mind that we did take out some orders, because of 
the high order booking in this quarter, we've cleaned up our order booking by 
taking out approximately ₹140 crore (₹1.40 billion) from our order book of slow 
moving orders, which we have advances of. And we're confident because we 
have advances that these will come back in the medium term. But from the near-
term visibility, we've taken it out of our order bookings. So, this, again, gives you 
an idea about the quality of our order book in terms of what can be executed. 
That, coupled by our book and bill gives us good visibility for the year. 
 
In terms of what you said in CO2 value addition, the Company's scope is again 
in excess of 50% directly. And so, we have good control on costs. Ultimately, we 
are also viewing this from a perspective of putting our best foot forward, so it's a 
little premature for us to be able to tell you how scalable this will be as a business. 
I would imagine by Q3-Q4 of this year, we should be able to give you a little bit 
better idea as to where it stands. But needless to say, this has come quicker than 
we thought it would in terms of a market segment for Triveni Turbines. And we 

 
Page 7 of 19 
 
are quite optimistic that it will become a distinct market segment for growth in the 
very near future. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood. And my third question is with respect to the U.S. foray. Given the 
tariff-related ups and downs, which are being seen from that country, how do you 
think about the scaling up of our business there? Say, over the next two to three 
years, is it likely to be largely after sales related work there, and then we can think 
about the product exports, how to think about that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, Ravi, you have dug up many different questions within that one question of 
yours. Let me say, as we currently stand, firstly, I don't think you have detailed 
consolidated balance sheet with you just as yet. But we had in excess of about 
₹20-₹25 crore (₹ 200-250 million) loss in that subsidiary. And so, the results that 
you are seeing are post that loss, which has been an investment into that 
enterprise. And we believe that that enterprise will show good performance, and 
this is backed by our belief of what we're seeing from an enquiry generation. 
 
Initially, we've thought that we would use the U.S. subsidiary to cater to our growth 
in the Americas, which is both North and South America. Given the current 
uncertainties, given the customer preferences, we are actually booking Canadian 
and other orders directly from India, but the marketing efforts are still done from 
the U.S. subsidiary. So, looking at the U.S. subsidiary performance directly, it will 
take a little bit of time for it to show properly on the consolidated or the individual 
P&L of the subsidiary. But suffice to say that we believe that going to be a good 
growth market, both from the aftermarket refurbishment segment as well as new 
product sales. We see the API market in the United States as well as distinct 
geothermal and industrial power generation, including energy efficiency as key 
growth drivers. The U.S. itself as a $25 trillion economy with the capital base that 
it has, presents many opportunities. 
 
Prasad, do you want to give a comment on the U.S. subsidiaries and how we see 
it, and maybe Sachin, you can also comment on the capacity augmentation in the 
U.S. 
 
S. N. Prasad: 
Yes. So, U.S., as you mentioned, the pipeline is strong, and people started 
accepting our brand there. There are recent uncertainties, otherwise, by this time, 
we would have got a little more success from Canada and directly on our U.S. 
entity, but those orders got directly on to Triveni Turbines Bangalore, because of 
those tariff issues. Otherwise, we are quite bullish because the way how the 
enquiry pipeline for both refurb services, that is aftermarket as well as product 
are getting built up, especially from geothermal, pulp and paper, which are the 
strong segments in that market. And the competition also basically are eyeing for 
the same sort of segments, but they also have same disadvantages and sort of 
advantages when it comes to the tariff structure. So that way, we are not really 
concerned on that. We are quite bullish. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Good afternoon. As our Vice Chairman has mentioned, we are going ahead with 
our expansion plans in the United States. The capex that we had planned, we are 
on track. There's a little bit of a deferment just because of timing issues. But we 
are going ahead. And we are creating the flexibility in our infrastructure there. So, 
depending upon how the tariff structures take shape, we would have the flexibility 

 
Page 8 of 19 
 
to be able to even make turbines there. So relatively speaking with our 
competition, we are well poised to tackle the market. The potential is good, tackle 
the market the way the tariff structure shapes up and be able to go ahead with 
our long-term plans. Because of these changes in the macroeconomic situation, 
yes, there might be a little bit of a delay in terms of expanding at the rate at which 
we want to. And as we mentioned already, the Canadian orders and some other 
orders we have started taking on the Indian entity. But for sure, the U.S. market 
itself for aftermarket and product is very promising for us. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Amit Anwani with PL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, first of all, congratulations for the strong set of numbers. My first question on 
the international market. So, you have highlighted in your opening remark about 
expanding in global markets, and we have been seeing a very strong 
performance from exports. The enquiry pipeline is also very strong. Just wanted 
to understand, while expanding in markets, what is our strategy? How are we 
dealing with the competition there? Or is it the market which is already very 
conducive for our products there? And what sort of products are highly acceptable 
for Triveni in the global market? So, wanted to understand more colour on 
expanding global markets and how we strategise that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Thank you. Good question. You see what happens in the capital goods 
space is the best branding that you have from a new order perspective is 
successful installations of orders by themselves. So, as our installations grow 
internationally, that allows us to gain better customer acceptability and confidence 
on our product ranges. This stretches not only in our historic smaller ranges, but 
also in the higher MW ranges. And we believe especially with the higher MW 
ranges and with specialised API or other applications as more reference sites are 
put up for our customers, we will gain better traction. 
 
That coupled with our initiative to be closer to customers through both 
subsidiaries as well as a more focused sales and marketing initiative will also 
bear fruit in allowing us to capture greater global market share. This is something 
that we're actually using as a cornerstone of our international expansion strategy. 
These are not capex related; it's more a question of how can we be more relevant 
to our customers so that we have a higher chance of conversion of every enquiry 
into an order for us. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Secondly, given the very strong enquiry growth, which we have seen in domestic 
and international and very strong top line growth this year as well with good 
margins, can we expect similar to continue for FY 26, given there is a good order 
book and enquiry as well? I just wanted to have some colour on the growth 
trajectory since we are expanding still for the FY 26 year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. But actually, if you look at it, our revenue grew by 21% y-o-y, and our order 
booking has grown by 26% y-o-y with our ending order book at 23% higher. So, 
it gives you an idea as to the growth that is possible for the coming year, and we 
are quite confident to be able to achieve that. What I think you would also find in 
our balance sheet is that, because a lot of the orders were back ended, actually, 

 
Page 9 of 19 
 
we have a lot of goods in transit, which were not able to be billed directly in March 
itself, which will come in April. 
 
We're already off to a decent start. Q1 will be a little volatile from the Company's 
perspective. There will be growth in such market segments, but I have to say that 
when we look at the full-year and our current obligations to fulfil our customers' 
expectations in delivery, we are confident of the growth in revenue of a good 
manner in FY 26 as well. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Lastly, amid all this geopolitical and tariff wars going on, any challenges 
which you face, I can see like your commentary has been quite commendable 
and positive.  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The fact is that, as you can see that the domestic market has sort of declined y-
o-y, even though enquiry levels remained robust, so the uncertainty is causing 
deferment of order placement. Even though these orders do need to be placed 
based on either other capex or other commitments that have been taken be it 
financial closure of projects, etc. So I think what you could say right now is that 
there has been an elongation of order finalisation timelines. And that is something 
that is a concern, but we'll have to wait and see if this is something that is a one 
quarter thing or something that continues for multiple quarters. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mohit Motwani with Tara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on one of the charts in the 
presentation, which shows that how the 0 to 100-MW of the steam turbine market 
declined from 8.7 GW to 6.9 GW. And we have grown our revenues by 21%. I 
understand this is a function of increase in wallet share, market share. Can you 
give us some idea how much has realisations improved on a year-on-year basis 
from FY 24? If not in the Company level at least in an industry level, if you can 
give some certain sense on the per megawatt (MW) realisation. How has it been? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The fact is we manufactured our customised products. So, every order is distinct 
in pricing as well as cost. The features that a customer may require, it doesn't 
enable us to give a very generalised number. But having said that, over a period 
of time, you've seen base material prices rise as well as the fact of overhead 
costs and so there has been an increase in costs in the market segment for us 
as well as our competitors. 
 
But as the market size grows, I mean well, you've seen an expansion in margins. 
In the distinct market between FY 24 and FY 25, as you pointed out, in terms of 
decline in market, there's a lot of nuances in that number. We give that number 
to give a broader indication of where the market sits. But having said that, if we 
take out and eliminate markets in which we don't participate directly, which is 
China and Japan, we think that the market is quite robust. Still our enquiry levels 
are at record levels, and so we think that that presents a distinct opportunity for 
us. 
 
And this is despite the volatility that may have been there for the last 3-4 months 
anyway. So, we're quite optimistic, but our gain in revenue despite the market 

 
Page 10 of 19 
 
decline is sort of contributed by the fact that we are approaching newer market 
segments and growth and achieving a higher market share than we have in the 
past. And I think that's the way that you have to look at it that we don't capture 
and cover the entire market. And as we do more of that, the more macro number 
will be a little bit more meaningful for us. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Sure. That's helpful. And one more question was when you said maintaining such 
high growth rates could be difficult. Is that even baking in some conservatism on 
the export side given you have seen some moderation in the export orders in the 
last two quarters? I understand these are lumpy in nature, I just want to get your 
perspective on export orders because I think this was one of the big opportunities 
for us and has been rather, if you can elaborate a bit more on that. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think the fact is that there's some base effect on some of these numbers as well. 
And of course, as you point out, these are lumpy. Exports will continue to remain 
a mainstay for our growth because not only does it allow us to be relevant, it 
allows us to benchmark our competitiveness. And the fact is, ultimately, it's a 
much higher margin segment for us. So, we're quite confident that the export 
market will continue to be a key driver of growth for us, and it's actually we need 
the domestic market to revert, that would be a bigger thing for us. 
 
To just clarify your point that I think that you said that we may not be able to 
maintain the high growth rates, the reason I said high growth rates is because 
we've had a revenue growth of 33% CAGR over the last three years and profit 
growth of 41%. Now if you look at those numbers, those are very high numbers 
to achieve on a higher base. But having said that, we have very high expectations 
of growth in our business, both on profitability as well as revenue. Given the 
newer market segments that we're entering into, given the fact that we already 
have a higher order booking levels as well as enquiry book level. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Teena Virmani with Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Hi, congrats for a decent set of numbers. My question is a follow-up question, in 
line with the previous participant on both domestic as well as on the export order 
inflows. So, we've had a fairly decent inflow numbers on the domestic side. But if 
you remove that one large order based on CO2, overall domestic inflows have 
declined on a year-on-year basis. So, when can we see the base orders for 
Triveni to start ramping up? Because enquiry pipeline has been fairly strong. But 
what is stopping this enquiry pipeline to get translated into order inflows? And 
also, which are the sectors and subsectors within this enquiry pipeline, which 
would materialise first and then which would materialise later? That's my first 
question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. So, to put it in perspective, in Q4, we did take out ₹140 crore (₹1.40 billion) 
of orders as well. So, if we look at that, actually, there's been a growth in order 
booking. Now having said that, you're right, it's not to our expectations. We did 
expect domestic orders to be higher than the current level. There is deferment of 
orders. I'll ask Prasad to give you an indication as to where he sees orders coming 
in, in which market segments from the domestic side as well as internationally. 
Prasad, do you want to comment on the enquiry level the way we see. 

 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, sir. I will take it. Domestic wise, yes, in Q4, what we expected did not 
materialise. Because the last year, overall domestic market is a muted market. 
We know that the last year, three quarters - two quarters for a general election, 
then another major segment of distilleries that is in Maharashtra, there were also 
election in the third quarter. but we expected Q4 will bounce back. But even 
though finalisation is not at the pace as we anticipated, but the enquiry pipeline 
started building up. That way, if you see, especially the inquiries from process co-
generation is a strong pipeline got almost, it is double compared to the last year.  
So, following with steel, cement, followed with oil and gas. So that way, if you see 
more or less every industrial segment, enquiry pipeline is quite bullish because 
last year which ever order did not get finalised, majority of those, we are hoping 
that will come for finalisation as the enquiry started building up. So, we are quite 
confident. We are also carefully watching the scenario, the current tensions, 
hopefully things should improve overall. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Sure. So these process cogen, steel, cement, they can be the first one to respond 
once this macro uncertainty resolves? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Each order is distinct by itself. So, I don't think you can generalise in terms of 
segments, what we saw because of the unavailability of steel last year like FY 25, 
those orders were muted in Q3-Q4 with some safeguard duties coming back in, 
those segments will come back. So, there's a little bit of fluidity in individual 
segments based on their own economics. You will have a consistent demand, 
which happens from cement based on their capacity expansion for Waste Heat 
Recovery (WHR) as well as for brownfield/ greenfield expansion turbines. 
 
In other segments, be it in recycling is a growth market segment there, both in 
paper as well as plastic recycling is a consistent market segment. So is the food 
processing sector, which requires a different set of turbines. Market segments 
like pharma and chemicals are a little more muted, but the distillery market seems 
to be back with some robust demand. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Got it. And my second question is related to aftermarket related opportunities in 
your target geographies, be it Europe or U.S. And where do you see this share 
of aftermarket as a percentage of revenue over the next few years. It can be 
broadly in the same range of around 30-32%? Or can it move higher? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You see we're having very strong product sales growth and it's because of that, 
that some of the growth in the aftermarket is getting overshadowed. But the 
aftermarket is growing in a very robust manner. As you can see, the growth in our 
EBITDA margins is given by the fact that we have very high-margin aftermarket 
orders, both from the refurbishment as well as the spares and servicing 
segments. The refurbishment segment and specifically, our contract in South 
Africa has moved up the value chain to a higher value-added contract in which 
the revenue would be slightly lower. And so the margins, therefore higher. 
 
So, while it may not contribute more on the revenue side and therefore 
percentage of aftermarket as a percentage of sales, but these are higher margins. 
So now if you blend it all, at the end of the day, we're quite happy with the 33%-
odd aftermarket as a percentage of sales. Yes, we'd expect it to rise by 1% odd 

 
Page 12 of 19 
 
every year consistently so that it's contributing more. Because we believe that the 
refurbishment segment in specific has a very high growth rate potential. 
 
But we're happy at the level as it's at right now because ultimately, we don't want 
to sell excessive spares to our customers also because ultimately, we want them 
to be able to buy more products from us in return. And we have a very high repeat 
customer base. And so, balancing that strategy is also very important. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Got it. Sir, lastly, on this aftermarket for U.S. geography, can your capacity 
expansion or the strategy for growing in U.S. will be oriented more towards 
aftermarket or it will be more oriented towards product sales given the current 
tariff like situation? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The capacity is fungible, as Sachin has said. So, the fact is we are approaching 
both market segments equally vigorously and with as much focus. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mahesh Bendre with LIC Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead. 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi, Sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been 
answered. Sir, order inflow last year grew by 26%, so given the current enquiry 
flow, will be able to maintain this kind of growth rate for this financial year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Our ambition is of course, to exceed it, but we'll have to wait and see how 
finalisation happen. I think that a growth of 26%, given the fact that we have a 
book-and-bill within the year, our spares and services have a lead time to 
execution of anywhere between two to four months. And so, order booking for 
that segment can go all the way up to end of Q3 for it to be billed with the same 
financial year. 
 
And for smaller rated turbines, even Q1, a part of Q2 order booking falls into the 
execution. So, despite the overall order booking, given the enquiry levels, we are 
quite confident that we'll be able to pick up orders, which will give us good growth 
in the coming year, but also visibility for growth in FY 27. 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure. And sir, what will be our capacity utilisation as of now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We don't really work on that number because we don't have much capital 
employed. But having said that, we are currently operating on a two-shift basis, 
and we don't see capacity as a real constraint. We are adding a bay, which is 
more from an assembly perspective and some manufacturing capacity, which is 
part of our capex plan for the current year, which may spill over into FY 27 a little 
bit also, which will augment all of this. So, we don't see that as really as a biggest 
issue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chirag Muchhala with Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sir, the question is on the Europe market and more specifically, U.K. since that 
has been historically one of our good markets. But recently, India and U.K. signed 
an FTA but just wanted to know that will this be, I mean very fruitful for us in any 

 
Page 13 of 19 
 
way currently whatever our market share or competitive position is? Are we 
relatively negatively impacted by some of the taxes, which will go away. Just your 
thoughts on this, please? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, we're not either negatively or positively impacted by it. To the extent that it 
builds more confidence in the British economy and allows them to have more 
capacity expansion in capex, that will benefit us. but I don't know if it will. So, I 
think it's just neutral. Most of these FTAs are neutral to us because our product 
is not heavily taxed as a dutiable item, both ways. Imports into the country are 
pretty much at zero duty anyway. 
 
So, it doesn't help either way. We just need more demand to come into that 
market segment. The U.K. presents some distinct opportunities in the municipal 
solid waste incineration and energy efficiency, green power market. That's about 
it for right now. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Okay. And second is just a follow-up question on the capacity. So whatever 
capex that has been lined up over the next two years, so in terms of turbines 
manufacturing, both in India and possibly in the U.S., I mean, what would be the 
quantum of increase in our capacity that we are planning over the next two to 
three years, maybe over a medium term?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So actually, given our high asset turnover and return on capital, like I said with 
the last question as well, we don't have much capacity employed. And so, when 
you look at it in terms of how scalable the business can be given our current 
balance sheet of investment and what are we planning in terms of expansion in 
Bangalore as well as in the United States, what you have to view is the factors of 
how many shifts you're working and how scalable is that. So, at this current point 
in time, when we're working a little bit less than two shifts on operations. that has 
possibility of expansion by itself more than the fact that we have further utilisation 
of assembly capacity. What we're really trying to augment here is more testing 
ability, assembly capacity. Now assembly capacity can be constrained at times. 
But at the current point, we are able to balance and manage in excess of 300-
350-odd turbines. Our endeavour to sort of give a little bit more capacity so that 
we don't end up bottlenecking our operations, which happen at times, like for 
example, this March. And so, it's worth not having those bottlenecks. And so, 
capacity really isn't a constraint on an annualised basis, but maybe on a monthly 
basis, there is some issues that we may need to streamline. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Amit Mahawar with UBS. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Nikhil, hi, congratulations on good results. Nikhil, my first question is, so you see 
FY 25 was a year of great performance on product exports, whether it's orders or 
P&L, but services, I'm not judging services, which is flat in orders this year. But 
do you want to throw some light here on how will this grow in FY 26 and 27 
because you are building a team even for the North American market. And that's 
my first question. Some colour on Aftersales. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Aftersales is an extremely important part of our business for two reasons: one is 
that, firstly, it's a high-margin segment, but more than that is the fact that it 

 
Page 14 of 19 
 
enables customer satisfaction and allows us to provide the services that our 
customers need, which confidence is what leads to repeat orders. So, it's very, 
very important from a customer satisfaction perspective. Also, there are two 
segments to growth in the aftermarket. One is our spares and services, which will 
grow based on the installed base growing. 
 
Because you sell spares really after some degree of operation of the turbine, so 
given the growth that we've had over the last several years, those products, 
maybe 2-3 years which have been commissioned 2-3 years ago, will now start 
coming back and come into the ordering for spares. And so, we believe that, that 
will continue, but that growth rate will be, I say it has to be done in a manner that 
we have to take the customer along with us. We can't just be selling excess. 
 
The real growth rate for us, which has somewhat disappointed where we have 
much more potential to grow quicker is the refurbishment segment. And 
segments like that, which we think can drive a lot of the quick revenue, quick wins 
for especially the U.S. market. And so, we're still very hopeful. This means 
expansion, not only of our sales and marketing network to be able to cater to the 
varied requirements that happen in the refurbishment segment, but also 
technologically, we need to be relevant and be able to provide the solutions that 
customers want. 
 
So, there's an investment in people that require to allow that market to grow. But 
we're quite hopeful that, from a long-term and medium-term perspective, this is a 
market segment that we can quite confidently say we'll continue to grow for 
Triveni. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Sure. So, you've been very measured on your investments in very select markets. 
For example, SADC is where you had less than four years payback that gave you 
confidence to enter one of the world's largest market, North America. Again, and 
maybe Prasad and team can chip in here, what is the size of API services and 
large machines that we are targeting in 26-27? What I mean is, in your 
addressable market with changes now, and I'm talking about particularly 1-2 
years. 
 
In long-term, I understand it's a very, very compelling market and there is a scope 
for consolidation, especially in services in North America, as you mentioned in 
the last calls. Particularly next 1-2years, what kind of large machine orders, can 
we expect in this new market? And some colour here on the services. And I was 
asking more also about the number of the team size you've build in North 
America? Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. So, I'll let them comment on the team size and where they see this. But 
services for API, because the customers are extremely risk-averse, especially on 
the large integrated Oil & Gas majors, they tend to favour going to OEMs. There 
are certain strategies that we're trying to employ to be more relevant with them. 
At this point in time, I can't disclose those. But we see a market, we have an 
opportunity for us to work directly with some of these majors to provide their 
services. Specifically, in certain regions. Those would be regions specific 
strategies. 
 

 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Having said that, we do anticipate larger megawatt turbine orders from the API 
market. We've had good success in FY 25, which will get executed in FY 26. And 
we're hopeful in the coming quarters of redoubling those efforts and getting 
similar successes on that front. It's a very competitive market. There's no doubt 
about that. But we're quite confident that given our newer entry into the space 
that we'll be able to show some success. 
 
Prasad, could you just talk a little bit about the API market, and then Sachin, a 
little bit on the U.S. side, specifically for API? 
 
S. N. Prasad: 
So, API market wise, as we got ourselves approved in all the refineries, majority 
of the reputed refineries, the pipeline is building up. At the same time, these are 
very, very competitive market, and we are fighting with all the competition across 
the globe in different territories. And we are very optimistic on API growth because 
our pipeline is there, acceptability there, technical acceptability also is there. 
 
And second thing here, the differentiation, what we bring there is a quick back-
end support from India team across the globe for API. API's majority of the 
business is through EPCs and OEs. So, this sort of business is there, what they'll 
be looking is a quick turnaround time on the enquiry to the proposal sort of a 
thing. These are the areas where we are working on, so that will give us really 
good results in the next two years is what we are anticipating. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yeah. Coming to the U.S. market, your query, we have not a very big team in the 
U.S., but it is very important to understand that in all markets that we operate in. 
We typically operate also through a network of agents for assisting us in sales 
and marketing. So, while the strength of our team directly on our roles may be 
not very significant, but we have people working indirectly for us or the sales and 
marketing effort across the country through our extended agent network. Also 
necessary to understand that some of the workshop related activities that happen 
in the U.S. are also subcontracted to the partners that we have developed, so 
team size is as per our plan, but we are looking at expanding it to almost twice 
the size that we had in the first year, in the second and third year. 
 
S. N. Prasad: 
And one more thing here I want to add, especially we are very conscious on the 
cost. As you know, U.S. is one of the expensive cost-oriented market. So, lot of 
back-end support, as Sachin mentioned, from our partners there as well as back-
end teams from India also supports U.S. team so that there is a proper cost 
orientation is there. 
 
So other thing is some emerging markets like SMRs - small modular reactors 
market is one of the markets, which we are hopeful that traction, whatever we are 
having, that should give some positive results to us in North American market. So 
those sort of new markets also we got the access after having a facilities there in 
U.S. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sarang Joglekar with Vimana 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Sarang Joglekar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, on the 30 MW plus segment, I wanted to 
understand, you said you were gaining market share and you're already 

 
Page 16 of 19 
 
maintaining 50% plus in the sub 30 MW. So, on a broader level, what are the key 
factors the customers look for when choosing a turbine? What are the options? 
Basically, who are the competitors? And why exactly do they go for Triveni? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
That's a very complex question. Every customer has a different purchase 
consideration. Ultimately it depends on customer confidence, if you have an 
installed base in that market segment in that industry within that geography, that 
tends to build customer confidence. And so, our growth in market share and in 
the higher megawatt segment will happen based on more successful installations. 
And so that will feed on itself. And so, the growth there will happen in a more 
linear manner, you shouldn't expect it to be sort of exponential. And we're happy 
with that, because ultimately, we want to grow slowly and ensure that we have 
successful installations. 
 
Sarang Joglekar: 
Same on the API side, how is the competition? And who are the players, if you 
could name a few? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I think it's not worth naming competition, but I think you can google who are 
the players in the market segment. Competition exists in all market segments. It's 
not as it doesn't exist. And we have extremely well-reputed global technology 
companies in this space. And so, it exists. But at the end of the day, it's a 
technological product, so the number of competition is limited, and we don't 
anticipate new competition coming into this market segment. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nidhi Shah with ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nidhi Shah: 
Thank you for taking my question. So, my first question was on the margin. We've 
seen for the last nine quarters or so that margin accretion has happened 
continuously. I basically want to understand what is it that is bringing us this 
margin, despite the fluctuations in commodity prices and our input prices that 
would be the first thing. 
 
Secondly, that you've spoken continuously about the enquiry pipeline. Would you 
like to quantify that enquiry pipeline, and in your opinion, would that be more back-
ended when these orders were finalised towards the second half, what is your 
opinion on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It seems right now that it would be back-ended. But unfortunately, we don't give 
the absolute enquiry levels, you could have a discussion with Surabhi, our 
Investor Relations Manager on this question. But what was the first question? 
 
Surabhi Chandna: 
Margin accretion. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Margin accretion happened because of both aftermarket as a percentage of 
revenue going up as well as the fact that we have a higher export as a percentage 
of sales. So, both of these factors have contributed positively to the margin. In 
terms of volatility in raw material pricing and increased overhead cost, those were 
larger factors in FY 22, FY 23, where the rate volatility that we saw post-COVID. 
I think right now, our normal supply chain pricing, which we have long-term rates 

 
Page 17 of 19 
 
with our vendors and with subcontractors, etc. continues, so it gives us good 
visibility. 
 
And so therefore, the pricing level that is taken by marketing and sales is knowing 
fully well, what the cost would be going into any pricing discussion and 
negotiation. And so, they have a fair idea of the margin level at the time of bidding 
for orders. So, as we look forward, I don't think margins are problem for Triveni. I 
always said that that is an area, because it's a customised product, margins will 
differ order-to-order and quarter-to-quarter. But it so happens that by getting 
some operating leverage as well, the fact that we have good orders coming from 
the export market as well as a higher percentage of spares and service on 
revenue, is all giving confidence that we have space. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prolin Nandu with Edelweiss 
Public Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Yeah. Hi, Nikhil. Thank you for taking my questions. Two questions from my side. 
The first one is, while you alluded to some qualitative colour on your foray into 
30-100 MW segment. But can you just throw a slightly longer-term picture in terms 
of it's been now four years, since we are going solo in this segment, not with our 
JV partners. So, let's say, in next 5-7 years, what is our aspiration in terms of 
market share? Can we replicate our market share that we have in zero to 30-MW, 
in above 30-MW category as well? Can you give some colour and some texture 
and what are your targets and what are your aspirations for this particular 
segment? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It was a very complex question you've asked, so in the higher MW category, which 
is one of the largest market segments is a combined cycle market segment, which 
is where the steam turbine is used as a bottoming cycle, for the combined cycle 
operation. The typical lead for a combined cycle sale is done by the gas turbine 
manufacturer. So that's a little bit more difficult for us to market segment to enter 
just from a sales perspective because the lead is always taken by the gas turbine 
manufacturer along with the client. 
 
Now if you exclude that, which is by far the largest segment, yes, our ambition is 
to achieve the same success that we have in the small range. And we're quite 
confident that we'll be able to get there. We find that even in the other market 
segment, we will make foray, but it's very difficult to see how that will actually 
happen. We'll make efforts. But market share gain like I said, in the above 30-
MW category, we should assume to be a little linear in terms of growth of market 
share. In the API market segment, it will be a little bit more lumpy, because we're 
able to get bigger orders and take market share because we have the references 
in place. So now if you combine both of those because a lot of the API orders are 
also in the higher MW categories, we think that we could show good growth in 
this market segment of above 30 MW. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Bimal Sampat an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yeah, good afternoon, Nikhil and team just wanted to understand, I mean, what 
is our plan B? I know we are growing very well. But to maintain this 30% around 

 
Page 18 of 19 
 
growth rate, I mean, earlier we were talking of getting into this rotating equipments 
and all that. So, what is our plan B to maintain around 30% growth rate over the 
next 3-4 years? Or is there no necessity for that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. There is a very strong need for us to continue with our research and 
development, which is to ensure that our current product range, not only is 
relevant and expanding in its niche applications, but equally to introduce new 
technology and new products such as what we try to do with our carbon-dioxide 
based systems. So those research continue, those continue into other rotating 
equipments. At this current point in time, given the growth in our enquiry book, 
we find it's not relevant for us to focus our discussions right now because it won't 
be material in some of these developments in the short term. But needless to say, 
that it is a concern for the Board as well as the management to ensure that we 
have a steady stream of products, which will allow us to expand our entire market 
size that we cater to on a continuous basis. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Harsh Tewaney from Ashmore 
Group. Please go ahead. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
Good afternoon. So basically, I had a couple of bookkeeping questions from my 
side. So, I noticed that the debtors for us have gone up like they've almost 
doubled Y-o-Y even though revenue has only increased 21%. So, is there some 
payment delays that we are facing? Or how should we read this? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Ask your second question as well, and then I'll answer both together. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
Second question was pertaining to the other financial assets line, which again 
has grown up exponentially. So, anything that we should read into this? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. So, on the debtors, you'll see two things. One is the receivables have gone 
up as well as the factors other current assets. Both I tried to address in my 
opening remarks to say that because of some dispatches that were bunched up 
in March, these are orders, which have not really come due for payment by 
customers, because we tend to pay on LC (Letter of Credit) at dispatch, and 
obviously, it's within a period of time that the LC has to be encashed. But we've 
said that in the months of April, May that that is largely reversed back to our 
normal stance of low receivables. Other financial assets are higher because the 
reflection of FDs (Fixed Deposits), which are over 12 months are reflected as 
other financial assets. But this is all part of cash. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prolin Nandu with Edelweiss 
Public Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Yeah, thank you Nikhil for giving me the opportunity again. In one of the 
comments on API market, Prasad also said that maybe in the future, we will also 
have a play on SMR, the small modular reactors. Can you touch base as to what 
are the product synergies between API and SMR? Can you give us some 
context? Because my understanding was that probably nuclear reactors the play 
for turbine is not that large. So, can you just help us understand, is it different in 
SMR? 
 

 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. You see, we provide a product that utilises the heat generated from whichever 
source where agnostic to how the heat is generated. Is it generated through 
bottoming cycle of a gas turbine, is it generated through energy efficiency of a 
cement kiln in terms of waste heat recovery or through the heat generated from 
a small modular reactor. The concept is the same. The fact that we utilise that to 
provide either heat requirement for processes or to drive a generator to produce 
power. So, this segment is similar in the sense that is for power generation. 
 
What Prasad meant is that the specification of quality are equally, if not more 
stringent. And that is a bigger constraint in terms of manufacturing technologies, 
which has to be deployed to ensure that the customer is satisfied. For example, 
the vibration levels in the API market for a turbine are one-tenth of what it would 
be in the industrial market. This has a different connotation and implication on 
how the product is configured, so it is with that regard. 
 
In terms of the SMR market in specific, we provide a little bit more clarity in the 
coming quarter in terms of how we're approaching that directly as well as the 
orders. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q4 and FY 25 results 
for Triveni Turbines. As I said, this was a record quarter, the 17th quarter of 
growth for the Company. We look forward for you to join us in the Q1 FY 26 
earnings call. Some of the results may be a little lumpy in the quarters in the 
coming year. But needless to say, that we are anticipating another record year 
for the Triveni Turbines in FY 26. Thank you again. Goodbye. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with published information. 
Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or 
transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the 
event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
