                                                            
    
 
  
केȾीय कायाŊलय: "सौदािमनी", ɘॉट नंबर 2, सेƃर -29, गुŜŤाम -122001, (हįरयाणा) दूरभाष: 0124-2822999 & 2822000 
Corporate Office: “Saudamini”, Plot No. 2, Sector-29, Gurugram-122001, (Haryana) Tel.: 0124-2822999 & 2822000 
पंजीकृत कायाŊलय: बी -9, कुतुब इंːीǨूशनल एįरया, कटवाįरया सराय, नई िदʟी -110 016. दूरभाष: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193, CIN: L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Registered Office: B-9, Qutab Institutional Area, Katwaria Sarai, New Delhi-110 016. Tel: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193,   
CIN : L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Website: www.powergrid.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28th May, 2025 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C 1/G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai. 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai. 
 
 
 
Reference:  NSE-SCRIP ID: POWERGRID; BSE Scrip Code: 532898  
EQ – ISIN INE752 E01010 
 
Sub:  
  Transcript of Webinar held on 21st May, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith copy 
of Transcript of Webinar held on 21st May, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. for Investors & Analysts. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(Satyaprakash Dash) 
 Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
Satyaprak
ash Dash
Digitally signed by 
Satyaprakash Dash 
Date: 2025.05.28 
18:47:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
Transcript of Webinar  
(For Q4 and Financial Year ended 31.03.2025) 
 
21st May, 2025 11:00 A.M. (IST) 
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
SHRI R. K. TYAGI
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
SHRI G. RAVISANKAR 
DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & CFO 
DR. YATINDRA DWIVEDI
DIRECTOR (PERSONNEL)
SHRI NAVEEN SRIVASTAVA 
DIRECTOR (OPERATIONS)
SHRI VAMSI RAMAMOHAN BURRA DIRECTOR (PROJECTS) 
 
SHRI SATYAPRAKASH DASH  
COMPANY SECRETARY &                
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR 
 
            SHRI VISHAL PERIWAL                            ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
 
 
 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Power Grid Corporation 
of India Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the webinar with the management 
of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. In the webinar, management of 
Power Grid will be discussing their Quarter 4 result. Detailed presentation will 
be provided and post that, we have Q&A from the participants. And I'd like to 
thank the management for giving us this opportunity. For further proceeding, 
now I hand over the line to Shri Satyaprakash Dash, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer at POWERGRID. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Satyaprakash Dash: 
Thank you, Vishal. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I extend a very warm 
welcome to all of you for this Analyst and Institutional Investors Conference 
of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. Today, our senior management 
team will discuss the company's business and share our performance outlook 
based on the recently announced financial results. 
It's my pleasure to introduce my senior management. We have with us               
Shri R.K. Tyagi, Chairman and Managing Director. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
 
Namaskar. 
Satyaprakash Dash: 
Shri G. Ravisankar, Director (Finance) and CFO. 
G. Ravisankar: 
Namaskar.  
Satyaprakash Dash: 
Shri Naveen Srivastava, Director (Operations). 
Naveen Srivastava: 
Namaskar. 
Satyaprakash Dash: 
Shri Vamsi Ramamohan Burra, Director (Projects). 
Vamsi Ramamohan Burra: 
Namaskar. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
Satyaprakash Dash: 
Our Director (Personnel), Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi sir, he has joined from Navi 
Mumbai substation. 
Yatindra Dwivedi: 
Namaskar. 
Satyaprakash Dash: 
Now I invite our CMD, Shri R. K. Tyagi to make the opening remarks and 
presentation. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Good morning, everyone. I want to thank all the connected participants and 
investors for this investors’ meet today where we will be discussing about 
POWERGRID financial results for financial year 2024-25. So, I will give a 
small presentation about the performance. I request to put the presentation. 
 
These are disclaimer. Next, presentation will have an Overview, Major 
Highlights, Performance Highlights, then Growth Outlook, Sustainability, 
CSR and Awards, which we have received. 
 
As you know, that POWERGRID is India's flagship transmission utility, which 
was established in 1989. Today, we have Government of India shareholding as 
51.34%, FII 26.78% and domestic institutional investors as 18.35%. 
POWERGRID has achieved highest market cap in September’24 where price 
of POWERGRID share was Rupees 366 per share with market cap of INR 3.4 
trillion. We have been getting MoU rating as ‘Excellent’ since 1993-94. And 
we operate about 84% of inter-regional transmission network. Our domestic 
and international credit rating has been excellent and at par with the Sovereign 
rating. 
 
Today, we have our Board members, 4 functional directors, 2 Government 
Nominee Directors, 3 Independent Directors. I'm happy to announce that 
today, we have been enriched by woman Independent Director, Smt. Sajal Jha, 
who has recently joined POWERGRID Board. So, we will have experience of 
various Independent Directors and Government Nominee Directors, and it will 
help us in taking better decisions for POWERGRID growth and operations. 
 
Next. We operate in almost all the states and all the districts of the country, and 
we are playing a very important role in meeting the power demand of the 
country with transmission lines of 1,533 numbers with 180,239 circuit 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
kilometers and more than 2.9 lakh towers spread across width and breadth of 
the country with 283 substations and 564,961 MVA capacity. 
Our inter-regional capacity i.e. capacity to transfer power from one Region to 
another Region, that means power generated in any part of the country can be 
transmitted to other part of the country from north-eastern Region to southern 
Region or from Southern Region to Western Region, Western Region to 
Northern Region, Northern Region to Eastern Region and vice versa. Our share 
is almost 84%. 
 
We have been maintaining our system availability at 99.82% in financial year 
2024-2025. We have HVDC sub-stations and very large fleet of 765 kV 
substations, 400 kV, then dynamic compensation, 20 numbers, static var 
compensator and STACOMs, which are helping in Grid stability. Wherever we 
have the land constraints, we use Gas Insulated Substations. 
So as on today, we have 66 numbers of Gas Insulated Substations. We have 
more than 3,800 Transformers and Reactors. Next, In financial year                    
2024-25, we have won 24 numbers of TBCB projects, where cost of projects 
is about INR 92,000 crores and market share 57.34% in terms of NCT cost and 
about 54.55% in terms of project wins. 
 
The major projects, which we have won is transmission system for evacuation 
of power from Rajasthan Phase IV, Part 4, Part A. It is in Bikaner area, power 
generated in RE area in Bikaner to Siwani, then to Haryana, Punjab and Delhi. 
It will evacuate power from Rajasthan to various parts of Northern states. Then 
we have a very important and first TBCB HVDC project won by 
POWERGRID from Khavda to Nagpur, which is about 6,000 MW capacity. It 
will transmit power from Khavda area to Nagpur and then in Maharashtra and 
other part of country power will be transmitted. 
 
Similarly, we have one important project in Kurnool where nearby Kurnool 
area, RE parks are there. So, transmission system for Kurnool area Phase I, 
which is for about 4.5 GW. One more project, which we have won in Khavda 
area, Phase IV, which is Part B and for 7 GW. 
 
Next, in Asset management and Operational management, we have been 
performing excellent always. And this is an indication that we are participating 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
in international benchmarking, being conducted by UMS Group, U.S., where 
leading transmission companies of the world participate. In recently announced 
results in ITOMS 2025, POWERGRID has been benchmarked as one of the 
best utilities in the world. We have been benchmarked in quadrant 1, which 
means that our cost is low, our performance is high. So, our operational 
efficiency and reliability is one of the best in the world. 
 
We have been ranked the best performers in transmission lines, transformers, 
circuit breakers, control and protection. So, I just want to inform that the 
world's leading utilities from U.S., South America, South Africa, then Europe 
and other parts of country, including Australia, China and other countries, they 
participate in this international benchmarking. So, our performance is at par or 
better than other leading transmission Companies of the world. 
 
Next, we have commissioned one of the largest digital substations at 765 kV. 
This is the first digital substation in the world at 765 kV level. It is a very big 
station as far as digital technology is concerned. So, we have commissioned 
recently at Navsari, which is for evacuation of power from Khavda area in 
Gujarat to Maharashtra. And within Gujarat also, Navsari to Magarwada, 
Navsari to Kala, Navsari to Ahmedabad, Navsari to Padghe in Maharashtra. 
So, it will be technologically excellent substation, which will have less or 
reduced CO2 footprints. 
 
And it can be commissioned. It can be tested from remote. Online testing can 
be done sitting from remote area. Experts can sit in U.S. or Europe or any part 
of the country, and the schemes can be tested from remote. And downtime is 
also reduced. More important it is, at 765 kV level, where EMI and EMC 
interferences are there. So, IEDs tend to mal-operate because of EMI and EMC 
interference. So, if we use fiber cables and digital technology, the challenge or 
risk of maloperation will become almost negligible. So, it will be very 
beneficial for EMI EMC interference. 
 
Next, in Performance Highlights about Project execution, then Operational 
performance, Financial performance and Other businesses and commercial 
performance. I will touch upon these areas. 
 
In project excellence, considering a large number of projects being executed 
by POWERGRID. So, we cannot go in a conventional way. So, we have 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
introduced excellence in project management. We are monitoring all the 
stations from remote control center in Gurgaon headquarter, which all stations 
are fitted with the cameras, and we are monitoring, including CMD 
POWERGRID and Director (Projects). We are monitoring each and every site 
sitting from our office. And we have centralized control center at Gurgaon. 
 
Considering shortage of skilled manpower, we have opened 3 Skill 
development centers, one at Malda, one at Banka in Bihar and one at Bassi in 
Rajasthan, which is close to Jaipur. Both in Malda and Banka, 2 batches have 
already passed their training. And they have been deployed, or they have been 
employed in the industry for working in transmission lines. And Bassi Skill 
Development Center has been recently opened on 1st May 2025. 
 
Apart from these 3, we are also working on 2 more skill development centers, 
one at Rajgad, one at Rourkela in Odisha. So that shortage of skilled manpower 
can be minimized because for tower erection, for transmission line, we require 
skilled manpower to work at height. With tower height for 765 kV lines can 
vary from 50 meters to maybe 100 meters. So, we require very, very skilled 
manpower. So, for that skill development center will help in a big way. 
 
We have dedicated ROW and land acquisition cells at Gurgaon, where all the 
ROW issues being faced by site are addressed from here. We are sending our 
expert team from corporate office to various sites to take care of ROW and 
land acquisition issues. 
 
For strategic equipment like transformers, GIS, conductor, insulator, tower 
material because there is a huge demand for this equipment, so we have 
adopted bulk procurement strategy to procure in advance so that we have these 
equipment well in advance to take care of any project or execution. So that 
once we win the project, the timeline for which may be 18 months or 21 months 
or 24 months. The procurement of vital equipment like transformers in 18 
months or 21 months will not be possible. So, we are procuring in advance 
these equipments. 
 
We have also introduced advanced tower erection techniques like we are using 
cranes for tower erection at 400 kV and 765 kV level. And for power line 
crossing and important crossing, we are using drone-based stringing. And in 
hilly area also, drone-based stringing is being used. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
 
For expediting substation construction, we are using prefabricated firewalls for 
transformers and reactors and cable trenches are also prefabricated so that 
execution time at site is minimized. 
 
I'm happy to announce that in the financial year 2024-25, we have 
commissioned Sikar 765 kV substation in about 9 to 10 months from date of 
acquisition of land, which is, I think, which may be world record that in 9 
months or 10 months, any 765 kV substation can be commissioned that, but 
our project management has shown that it is possible that we can commission 
in 9 to 10 months. 
 
One more substation, which we are targeting to better our performance from 
Sikar to Dausa, we are expecting, we are trying to commission even less than 
9 months, which is expected to be commissioned may be in 1 month or 2 
months, but we are excelling in project management. 
 
Similarly, we are using like in rainy season or where there may be a constant 
movement of this like Crane or the Proclainer or other heavy equipment. So, 
we are using Porta Decks. These are the mats on which these heavy equipment 
can be moved from one place to another place. So that movement of these 
equipment is easy. And even we can work in rainy season for erection of 
towers, erection of equipment and various execution works. So, these 
techniques we have introduced in our project management. 
 
Next, with the result of these project management technique, we have 
demonstrated that one 765 kV complete tower can be erected in one single day. 
So, 765 kV DA type tower having weight of about 37.4 metric tons was erected 
in a single day in Banaskantha to Ahmedabad line. Normally, the output of 
erection gang is about 8 to 10 metric tons in a day, but our project management 
has shown that we can even achieve 37.4 metric ton in a single day. So, this is 
-- this may be world record that we could erect one 37.4 metric ton tower in a 
single day. 
 
Next, last year, as committed, we have surpassed our Capex target of about 
INR 20,000 crores. So, we achieved INR 26,255 crores Capex in financial year 
2024-25. In capitalization also, we have increased from INR 7,618 crores to 
INR 9,014 crores. Next, the major elements which have been commissioned, 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
as I already mentioned that Sikar 765/400 kV Sikar-II substation was 
commissioned in about 9 to 10 months from land acquisition. 
 
Then 765/400/220 kV Kurnool-II in Andhra Pradesh, and 765/400 kV Navsari 
with digital technology and 400/220 kV at Navi Mumbai, then Khavda Pooling 
Station– KPS-II in Gujarat. These 5 stations have been commissioned in 
financial year 2025. 
 
Important transmission lines, 765 kV from Fatehgarh-II to Bhadla-II, then 
Bhadla-II to Sikar II and 765 kV Sikar II to Aligarh, then 765 kV Kurnool III 
to Kurnool new. In 400 kV, from Navsari to Magarwada, Sikar II to Neemrana, 
Jamnagar to Jam Khambaliya, Raipur to Dhamtari, Banaskantha to Sankhari. 
These are major elements, which we are commissioned apart from many 
transformers and reactors commissioned at various stations. 
 
I just want to inform that at Bikaner II in last financial year, we have 
commissioned six 400/220 kV 500 MVA transformers in a single financial 
year, which is also may be record that 6 transformers were commissioned. 
 
In Operational side, as I said that we achieved 99.82%, which is more than 
99.75% at which we are normally getting incentive because after 99.75%, 
normally, incentive is capped at that particular value. But our performance has 
been always good, and we are always achieving more than 99.75%. 
 
In terms of tripping per line per year, also continuously, our performance is 
improving. And last year also, we have 0.27 tripping per line per year, which 
indicate that our one transmission line trips in almost 4 years. So, 0.27 per year 
means almost in 4 years any single transmission line will trip. 
 
In GRIDCON 2025, International Conference Cum Exhibition was arranged 
by POWERGRID, which has witnessed about 10,000 participants with 3,000 
delegates, representation from 32 countries. About 160 papers were presented. 
We had in exhibition 150 exhibitors, and 9 Start-ups and 15 student pavilions 
were there. About 86 learning hours were there. 
 
And this GRIDCON 2025 was a unique platform for key stakeholders to 
explore the future of India's power transmission sector aligned with Global 
Energy transition trends and discuss transformative technologies. It was 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
attended by our Hon’ble Power Minister, Shri Manohar Lal ji; and Minister of 
State for Power, Shri Shripad Naik ji, then our Secretary (Power),              
Chairman, CEA apart from other dignitaries from India and various countries. 
 
Next, in Technology Development, we have, again received 1 patent on 
condition monitoring of transformers and reactors. Our transformers and 
reactors are fitted with the sensors. And this data is communicated to this 
software where we can have online condition monitoring assessment of 
transformers and reactors, so we got patented in this particular application. It 
is basically a centralized monitoring and diagnostics of large fleet of 
transformers and reactors. 
 
Next, in substation inspection, robots have been put into operation. One robot 
has been developed in association with IIT Kanpur, and which has been used 
at our 400 kV substations. Now we are deploying this robot at our                          
765 kV/400 kV Jhatikara substation, which is close to Delhi. 
 
Next, further in Technology development, we are working for SF6 circuit 
breakers at 145 kV level, already pilot project is already taken up. We are also 
considering 220 kV and 400 kV. Then super-hydrophobic coating of insulators 
for enhancing the self-cleaning and anti-icing to reduce the maintenance of 
insulators. 
 
Then, non-destructive testing of transmission line tower members. The mobile 
GIS Bay for 400 kV, 132 kV and 220 kV. So, this mobile GIS Bay will help in 
case of any natural calamity or any, suppose, earthquake or cyclone is there 
and a particular bay is damaged, So power supply can be restored at very fast 
that it can be maybe 6 to 8 hours, we can restore the power supply by using 
mobile GIS bays. 
 
Then we are also working in wireless strain gauge. Technology for evaluation 
of strain in critical members of towers, then heavy lift programmable drones 
to support transmission infrastructure development in remote areas, especially 
in hilly area that cement bags, or the tower members can be transported by this 
heavy lift drones. 
 
Next, one more technology development, especially in area of transmission 
line to reduce ROW and to reduce cutting of trees, we are using Insulated cross 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
arm at 400 kV and 2 parties are already developed. This one is expected to 
supply in May end, which will reduce the RoW from, say, 46 meters to about 
36 meters. So, it will reduce the requirement of tree cutting and it will save 
environment-friendly technology. We will have compact design, horizontal B-
strings again for ROW requirements. So, these technologies, we are expecting 
to deploy in financial year 25-26. 
 
Next, one more initiative we are taking, especially in J&K, in Zojila pass, 
where 12-kilometer underground cable is being laid between Minamarg and 
Zojila top to bypass the over headline because whenever any avalanche is 
there, so that leads to damage of transmission line towers. And this particular 
line from Srinagar to Drass to Kargil, then Khaltsi and Leh. It is a single line, 
if it is damaged, then power supply to Leh is affected. So, we are laying this 
cable in that particular area so that power supply to Leh is maintained all the 
time. 
 
Next, in financial performance, standalone in quarter 4, we have revenue or 
income of INR 12,482 crores, PAT at INR 4,336 crores. In consolidated basis, 
we have INR 12,591 crores and PAT at INR 4,143 crores. 
 
In case of financial performance for 2024-25, our total income is INR 46,325 
crores with profit of INR 15,354 crores. On a consolidated basis, our income 
is INR 47,459 crores against INR 46,913 crores last year and PAT also INR 
15,521 crore in financial year 24-25. 
 
Next, so these are various details of our revenue on consolidated basis, 
transmission charges, consultancy charges, telecom and other heads, how we 
have performed in last financial year. And standalone also, these are the details, 
which have been already published, and these are the details in various heads. 
 
In financial performance, we have about INR 290,715 crores as Gross Fixed 
Assets. Capital work in progress is about INR 36,341 crores. We have debt of 
INR 130,965 crores. Net worth has increased from INR 87,145 crore to INR 
92,663 crore. Our earnings per share is at INR 16.69. Book value per share is 
INR 99.63. Debt-to-equity ratio is 59:41 and return on net worth is 16.75%. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
 
These are the details of income and where various heads, how we have 
performed in terms of income from operations and differential tariff and other 
heads. These are also mentioned in our details given, already published. 
 
Next, in Telecom segment, first time we have crossed INR 1,000 crores 
income. We have achieved INR 1,128 crores as against INR 910 crores in last 
financial year. Total order received INR 412 crores. New customers added 75 
numbers. Our backbone availability is again 100%, and major projects under 
implementation is Data Center at Manesar, and then Zone II Data Center at 
Chennai then Government projects, ERNET and NKN National Knowledge 
Network. 
 
Next, in Consultancy segment, we have revenue from operations of INR 799 
crores against INR 553 crores in last financial year. In International, we have 
16 ongoing assignments and 8 orders during financial year 2025. In Domestic, 
we have 80 ongoing assignments and 55 new orders during financial year 2025. 
 
Next, in Commercial, we have a billing of INR 36,877 crores with realization 
of INR 38,284 crores, realization at 103.8%. Our outstanding at the end of 
quarter is about INR 3,388 crores. 
 
Then in terms of Investor-centric growth, we have this increase of market cap, 
about 2.4x what we had in financial year 2021. Price CAGR from FY 21-25 is 
24.4%. Dividend paid during financial year on cash basis is INR 10.5 per share. 
Our market capitalization is also increasing. So, at the end of financial year 
2025, it was INR 270,136 crores with the share price of INR 290.35 per share. 
 
Investment or capex, we have this 5-year CAGR, about 23.5%. Last year, we 
have achieved capex of INR 26,255 crores. And from financial year '21 to '25 
INR 68,000 crore projects we have had capex in various areas. 
 
Next, if we see Growth outlook, Sectoral outlook, then business outlook and 
works in hand and capex outlook. As you know that India is targeting about 
$10 trillion economy by 2032 with rapid industrialization, urbanization and             
e-mobility adoption. Energy storage expansion will be about 47 GW by 2032. 
 
Pump Hydro Storage is about 36 GW, then clean energy commitments more 
than 600 GW by 2032 and with present capacity of 71 GW additional 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
electricity demand on account of Green Hydrogen production by 2032. Then 
global energy integration with the vision of our Hon’ble Prime Minister, One 
Sun, One World, One Grid for international power connectivity. So, these are 
sectoral outlook, which will help us POWERGRID growth also. 
 
As of now, we have business outlook 2032, about INR 306,600 crores, out of 
which about INR 2,70,000 crores will be in inter-state transmission and 
balance will be in other areas, including intra-state transmission system. Other 
business, we have about INR 7,500 crores, including solar generation, smart 
metering, data center. So put together, we have about INR 306,600 crores as 
of now, which is likely to increase, but as of now, it is INR 306,600 crores. 
 
Today, we have about INR 1,54,680 crores works in hand, in TBCB about            
INR 105,000 crores, new RTM about INR 37,000 crores, ongoing RTM 9,580 
crore and others INR 2,785 crores. So put together, we have works in hand 
about INR 154,680. 
 
Capex outlook, we are targeting INR 28,000 crores in financial year '25-'26. In 
financial year '26-'27, INR 35,000 crores. Financial year '27-'28, INR 45,000 
crores. As far as INR 28,000 crores, it is as of now, whatever visibility we are 
seeing as of now, but it is likely to increase to more than INR 30,000 crores. 
So that exact figure we can tell after 3 months once we see the progress and 
other projects, which we are likely to win. So today, we are committing about 
INR 28,000 crores, but it is likely to increase. 
 
Next, in sustainability and CSR, we have a target of 50% of electricity 
consumption from RE. So, we have already achieved 36% electricity 
consumption from RE. And we have target to achieve 50% before December 
2025. And Net Water Positive by 2030 and Zero Waste to Landfill status by 
2030, Net Zero emission by 2047. 
 
I just want to announce that we have now dedicated department and dedicated 
group, which is working mainly for ESG and Net Zero. So, we are targeting 
2047 at Net Zero POWERGRID. In achievements, in Scope 1 emissions, we 
have achieved 40.61% reduction. And in Scope 2, 5.23% reduction and 21% 
increase in emission offset compared to FY '24. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
 
Next, please. In the sustainability, we have now first ICT with ester oil in power 
grid 132/33kV, 10 MVA ICT at HVDC Pusauli has been successfully charged 
after retro filling with natural ester oil.  
Earlier, we had 2 reactors, one 400 kV shunt reactor with the natural ester oil 
at Maithon substation, and one 132 kV shunt reactor at Aizawl in Mizoram, 
which were earlier fitted with  the natural ester or vegetable oil. So, we are 
always working for sustainability areas. And one more transformer, which is 
likely to be commissioned in financial year '25-'26 is 400 kV/220 kV,               
315 MVA ICT, which is likely to be commissioned in financial year '25-'26. 
 
We have commissioned 85-megawatt Solar PV power project at Nagda which 
was commissioned in April 2025, which has already started generating power 
and we are selling electricity about 70% to 80% in GDAM (Green Day Ahead 
Market) and real time markets in power exchange. 
 
We also have a pilot project of Green Hydrogen at our Neemrana Substation, 
which will meet the captive load using solar-powered green hydrogen. So, we 
will generate RE power from solar, then this RE Power will generate green 
hydrogen. And during night time, this green hydrogen will again convert to 
electricity, which we will use for our captive use at Neemrana. The project cost 
is about INR 32 crores, and this is likely to be awarded in June 2025 with the 
implementation schedule of about 12 months. 
 
In CSR activities, we have Vishram Sadan” at AIIMS, Bilaspur, 250 bedded 
which was inaugurated and foundation stone was laid by our Hon’ble Minister, 
Shri JP Nadda ji, BJP President. Then, Vishram Sadan at Gorakhpur -- AIIMS, 
Gorakhpur, the foundation stone was laid by Hon’ble CM of UP. Then we 
have, this skill development center at Bassi, Banka, Malda, these are also under 
CSR. 
 
Then we have this THIRA, meaning Waves is a skill development program for 
unemployed youth from Trivandrum’ fisherfolk communities offering 
divemaster and rescue diver training to boost marine employment opportunity. 
This also we have taken up. 
 
Then we have won some awards and recognition. The CMD POWERGRID 
has been conferred with prestigious CBIP Individual Award for outstanding 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
contribution in power sector. Our Director (Finance) has also been recognized 
as Best CFO and Energy & EPC at the ASSOCHAM 3rd Vibrant Bharat CFO 
Summit & Awards. Director (Operations), POWERGRID has been conferred 
with “GEEF Global HSE Leader of the year 2025.” Then, POWERGRID has 
also been conferred with World Congress on Disaster Management, Disaster 
Risk Reduction 2024 Award in category ‘Response during disaster and 
emergencies’. 
 
Our women leaders also have been recognized. We have been recognized as 
Best Enterprise Maharatna company, second runner up at 35th National meet 
of Women in Public Sector. Our Executive Director Ms. Manju Gupta has been 
honoured with Corporate Visionary Nari Award at Ujjwala Summit 2025. 
Then POWERGRID has also been conferred with Economic Times Human 
Capital Awards 2025 for excellence in HR Digital Transformation & 
Excellence in creating culture and continuous learning and upskilling. 
Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore. 
Sumit Kishore: 
I'm Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. My first question is you have had a 
terrific year in terms of TBCB project wins of almost INR 92,000 crores. What 
is the transmission bid pipeline for this current financial year? 
And secondly, you had a capitalization miss versus what was guided earlier. 
So, if you could state what is the picture today in terms of the spillovers of 
commissioning, which have happened maybe early this fiscal, and what is your 
guidance for FY '26-'27 in terms of capitalization, given that you have provided 
capex numbers for FY '26, '27, '28? That is the first part of the -- yes. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. thank you, Kishore. Like as we mentioned that in financial year, 2024-25, 
we had capex of about INR 26,000 crore plus and INR 9,000 crores plus 
capitalization. So, we had a plan for about INR 16,000 crores to INR 17,000 
crores capitalization. So, because of this, there are challenges of RoW and 
supply issues and skill manpower, we are facing problems of skilled 
manpower. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
And then there was election also in Central Government. So because of that, 
there have been some delays especially RoW issues in Rajasthan, Haryana, 
Delhi and Gujarat, so that led to some delays in this capitalization of or 
commissioning of some projects, which are now planned to be commissioned 
in quarter 1 of FY 2025-26. And some may go in quarter 2 also. 
 
In financial year 2025-26, we are expecting about INR 23,000 crores to INR 
25,000 crores capitalization. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, also on the bid prospect pipeline for FY '26. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes, it is a pipeline, the projects which are already in pipeline is about INR 
45,000 crore to INR 46,000 crore, out of which about INR 34,000 crore 
projects are already under bidding and INR 10,000 crore to INR 11,000 crore 
projects are yet to be bid. So, INR 46,000 crore you can say as of now. 
Sumit Kishore: 
But this is significantly lower after you won almost INR 92,000 crores of 
contracts last year. So may be this would be a slower year in terms of building 
new jobs into your works in hand. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
This is as of now, but more projects are in pipeline, visibility of those projects 
will be seen after maybe 2, 3 months. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, one question at the sector level is that we have seen that there was a 
bunching up of a lot of RE projects where LOAs were awarded, but PPAs were 
not signed and power demand so far this financial year has also started on a 
weak note. 
So, in the event, what is the impact on POWERGRID’s capitalization in case 
there is a large pipeline of projects where in RE, which were planned to be 
added, but those are obviously getting delayed? So how does that impact works 
in hand for POWERGRID? That's the question. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Our transmission line is not dependent on whether PPA is signed or not. 
Normally, we are given any project for which a separate timeline is given. Once 
we commission any RE project or any project for that matter, we start getting 
our tariffs. So, we are not having any risk of whether RE is delayed or PPA is 
signed or not. POWERGRID as such will not be affected by any of these issues. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Fair enough. So just if I may ask one last question. So, your ROE has dipped 
by about 100 basis points at the consolidated level this year with the various 
issues that we have been discussing so far. Has the ROE stabilized here now 
with all the issues baked in and what is the outlook? 
 
And the capital structure, which is at 59:41. So how do you see this evolving? 
So given your dividend per share has also come off at INR 9 on a year-on-year 
basis. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
As far as dividend is concerned, like we have -- as you know, that we have 
more projects now. So, we require equity for our project execution. So that is 
why our dividend payout is reduced by about INR 2 – INR 2.25. So, we will 
require more money in future. So may be next year also, there may be some 
change from INR 9. It can further reduce depending on the capex, which we 
are expecting, say, about INR 28,000 crores to INR 30,000 crores. So that was 
the reason why we have reduced our dividend payout. 
 
As far as this ROE impact, last year, we had INR 15,500 crores. And this year, 
also, our profit is again in the same range, but our Net Worth has increased 
from INR 87,000 crore to about more than INR 90,000 crores. So that is the 
reason why you can see that impact. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Apoorva Bahadur. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Quickly, sir, I wanted to understand and know your view over here, you 
highlighted that the company has INR 92,000 crores worth of projects in FY 
'25. I assume this is the NCT cost and how much higher do you expect the 
actual cost to be over here? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. It is not NCT cost. It is our internal cost, at which we have awarded the 
projects. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, do -- has there been any change in the competitive 
intensity for TBCB projects for the bids now, given that the overall pie had 
increased significantly last year? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Can you repeat, please? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, are you seeing any material change in the competitive intensity in bids this 
year? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
No. intensity in the sense that like we are not going below a certain level that 
we have fixed a particular level that where maybe more than 12% or 13% ROE. 
So, we are maintaining that and maintaining that whatever projects we are able 
to win, we are winning and our percentage is very good. As you can also 
appreciate INR 92,000 crore projects in a single year is not a small thing. So -
- but still, we are maintaining our ROE above the particular level. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, last question from my side. on the HVDC projects, can you give us some 
visibility beyond the 3 or 4 projects that are known as of now? How many more 
are under planning? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
As far as this HVDC project, like we have this Khavda to Nagpur, then we 
have Fatehgarh to Bhadla. We have this Leh to Pang. Then, we have one more 
already under bidding from Khavda to South Olpad. Then, one more project 
from Rajasthan to Maharashtra. Then, one more project in Andhra from 
Kurnool area to Vizag. 
So, these are, as of now, within India, maybe outside India, maybe between 
India to Singapore via Andaman. Then, maybe from India to Sri Lanka and 
India to Myanmar. Apart from this side, One Sun, One World, One Grid may 
be from India to Oman, UAE and other countries. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Satyadeep. 
Satyadeep: 
Just first question on the delays that were seen in the fourth quarter. I think 
elections and all, I know happened towards the earlier part of the year. But in 
3Q, management was guiding to INR 11,000 crores of capitalization in 4Q. So, 
I just wanted to understand what is leading to some of these delays. 
And given the large difference between capex and capitalization, obviously, 
you're incurring the capex, but there is some delay in commissioning of the 
project, which means you've already acquired land, maybe already base 
suppliers, but maybe there is some delay in actual commissioning. 
And how does it impact your actual commissioning cost and time line versus 
what you were expecting. So maybe when you built a project, you had a certain 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
capex estimate and certain time line. How much time are you seeing for 
commissioning of these AC lines, TBCB projects now? And how much cost 
inflation are you seeing versus the initial expectations you had for some of 
these? That's the first question. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Let us accept that there are challenges of ROW and because everyone, 
including landowners and farmers, they are demanding more and more money. 
Our Government of India is also considerate to their demands. And you may 
be knowing that in June 2024, there was a ROW guideline issued by 
Government of India. Considering requests or demands or resentment of 
farmers, so from 15% ROW land compensation, it was increased to 30%. And 
on tower base, it was increased from 85% to 200%. 
 
And these schemes were like these policies, ROW compensation policies are 
to be adopted by various states. So, there is some delay between adoption of 
these guidelines from issuance by Government of India to adoption by state 
government. So that leads to a delay in execution or completion of transmission 
projects. 
 
Then again, in -- there was unrest in Haryana and Delhi. Again, in March 2025, 
Government of India has again increased compensation, and from 200% and 
this ROW has increased to 60% from 30% in urban areas and in semi-urban 
areas, it has increased to 45%. And now they have clearly indicated how to 
give the price to the farmers or cost to the farmers for land compensation. 
So that methodology also shared by Government of India, guideline has been 
issued. As per that, 2 valuers will be there, one by the transmission developer, 
one by the farmers. And that they will decide the market rate. And we will have 
to pay land compensation as per the market rate. 
 
So, there has been some delays because of these ROW compensation policies 
issued by Government of India and adoption by State Government. So, in 
2024-25, there has been delays in some projects. But we are expecting that in 
2025-26 since already guidelines are in place. So, the execution will be much 
faster as compared to FY 2024-25. And as far as you are seeing impact on the 
return on equity or our return, what will happen to time overrun and                 
cost-overrun. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
 
So, we are likely to get these claims under change of law because, as on date, 
when we got these projects, we were adopting the compensation policies issued 
in October 2015. So, we have considered that compensation policy, but now 
compensation policies have been changed. 
So whatever differential amount will be there, will be claiming under change 
of law. So, we are not expecting impact of any delay or our expenditure 
incurred on these schemes. So, we are not expecting much impact. There may 
be some impact but not much impact. 
Satyadeep: 
Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. Second question on the pipeline. So, in 
the INR 3 lakh crore pipeline that you have, you obviously have INR 270,000 
crores of ISTS, that I'm sure there's some maths involved in that based on NEP 
estimates and some market share. But also just on that, given the previous 
speaker also asked the question on that, if the -- ultimately the DISCOM has 
to bear that cost, if you commission the project, but there is no RE, would you 
sense some pressure from DISCOMs to delay some of these projects, if the RE 
player has requested connectivity under GNA, but there are some delays? 
 
Would you not expect some requests from DISCOMs to delay these projects? 
And given there is change in GNA regulations on battery, solar or non solar, 
do you see some risk to these estimates you have, just wanted to see sensitivity 
and maybe is there any risk to these capex expectations that you have? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
As we have indicated that a $10 trillion economy by 2032 and in transmission 
itself as per NEP issued by Government of India, National Electricity Plan for 
transmission, about INR 10 lakh crore are to be spent in transmission system 
development. So out of which, INR 3 lakh crore is, I think it is very, very 
optimistic figure. So, it may be more. So, we are not seeing any challenge or 
any issue in achieving this target. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mohit. 
Mohit: 
So, my question is what is the status of the HVDC Leh-Ladakh. And why there 
is a delay in awarding of the equipment? That's the first question. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. Please, carry on. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Mohit: 
My second question is on the, what is the status of Paradeep-Andaman link. I 
think it was supposed to be awarded to us on a cost-plus basis. Are you 
expecting this project to get added to the pipeline in FY '26? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Okay. As far as the Leh-Ladakh project is there, it is already being executed 
by POWERGRID. We have already acquired land at Leh. And the 
infrastructure development work is already going on there. And we are also 
working for a line between Pang to Leh. So that's also there. But as far as award 
of HVDC is concerned because you will appreciate that height is about 4,500 
meters to 5,000 meters. So, there are technological challenges. 
 
And worldwide, there is no experience at this height. So that have been 
concerns raised by various bidders, and there have been some discussion with 
our experts. We have technical experts and advisors team. So, we are 
addressing those issues with our prospective bidders. And now we are now 
expecting that it will be awarded somewhere in -- we have already got the bid, 
which is under evaluation. And in quarter 2, it is likely to be awarded. So, I 
think it will not be further delayed after quarter 2. 
 
For Paradeep Andaman and Singapore, preliminary studies have been already 
done. And Government of India is working out the capacity between this 
Paradeep to Andaman. And same line -- HVDC line is likely to be like maybe 
between Singapore to India. So same line will continue to Singapore also. 
Those modalities are being worked out by Government of India. And then, 
once the Government of India comes out with a clear methodology, then we 
will consider this project also. 
 
So as of now, there is no clear visibility. Maybe in quarter 2, there will be some 
clear visibility by Government of India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, we will move to the next question. Our next 
question comes from the line of Puneet. 
Puneet: 
My first question is if you can talk what is gap between the NCT value and 
your own estimates for the projects that you have won? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Gap between? 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
Puneet: 
The NCT value and your own internal estimates of INR 92,000 crores that 
you've talked about in the projects that you've won. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. Except for HVDC project, which we have between Khavda to Nagpur, so 
maybe others are almost matching maybe -- within 5% variation maybe there. 
But in this particular case, cost -- NCT cost is about INR 24,000 crores, but 
actual cost may be INR 33,000, INR 34,000 crores. Otherwise, other projects 
are within 5%. 
Puneet: 
Understood. That's very helpful. And secondly, you talked about pass-through 
of compensation under change in law, would you also get the benefit of or the 
additional cost overruns that you, that happened in terms of delayed execution 
because of ROW issues, or is the compensation limited to only the value of the 
land? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Normally, this also because it will impact IDC. So, we are likely to get this 
also, and we will claim also that whatever -- because of delay there have been 
project overrun and IDC has increased. So, we will claim that amount also. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Subhadip Mitra. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
My first question is with regard to the HVDC TBCB pipeline. So, the South 
Olpad project is expected to come into the tendering phase by when? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes, it is already under -- RFP has already been issued and bids are likely to 
be submitted very soon. So, there was a date of 16th May, which has been 
increased now because of some, they've got some queries from the prospective 
bidders. So, it will be like -- a tender is already out and RFP is already out, and 
it will be -- very soon it will be finalized. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. And secondly, are we seeing more HVDC projects, maybe the 
Barmer project or any other LCC based projects coming up after South Olpad? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
South Olpad is VSC and Barmer to Maharashtra, it is likely to be LCC as of 
now. And this -- the Andhra Pradesh also Kurnool to Vizag is also LCC. VSC 
as of now, only between 2 countries like if it is India to Oman or Oman to UAE 
or maybe between Singapore to India, that will be VSC. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Atul Tiwari. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes. Sir, any idea about likely capex on Paradeep, Andaman, Singapore link, 
what will be the rough size of the project? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
As per initial estimates, I cannot say exactly, but it will be INR 30,000-plus 
crore. 
Atul Tiwari: 
And what will be the capacity roughly for that capex? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Capacity, if it is, say, between Singapore to India, it may be about 2,000 MW. 
But between Andaman to Paradeep, it will be about, say, 250 MW. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of the TBCB pipeline, you did mention about 
INR45,000 crores as you can see right now. But if you take a slightly longer-
term view FY '27 and '28, over next 3 years, what is the likely pipeline for 
TBCB that will be bid for? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. So as far as this NEP -- as per NEP pipeline, more than INR 9 lakh crore 
projects are to be completed by in 2032. So out of which already 3 lakh projects 
are already -- they have been already allocated. So about 6 lakh projects will -
- are still to be allocated, which are to be completed by 2032. So, considering 
execution time of about 2 to 3 years. So, by '29, all balanced projects are to be 
allocated. So, you can consider that in the next 4 years. So, these all balanced 
transmission projects are to be allocated. So, you can calculate yourself. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, thank you so much for the opportunity once again. So, my question is that 
in terms of the in terms of your capex over FY '26 to '28, it adds up in terms of 
guidance to about INR 1,080 billion as compared to your works in hand of 
roughly about INR1,546 billion. So, in this INR1,080 billion, how much is the 
capex that you are planning to incur for the HVDC projects, which have 
typically a longer gestation period and I'm referring to the larger ones, 
including the Leh project? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. We have mentioned that we have about INR 1,54,000 crore projects in 
hand, and say, about INR 28,000 crores in FY 2025-26 and INR 35,000 crores 
in '26-'27 and '27-'28, INR 45,000 crore, which adds up to, say, about                    
INR 108,000 crores or INR 110,000 crores. So, balance will be for HVDC, 
which will be this Kaithal to Pang and HVDC Khavda to Nagpur. So, majority 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
of this capex for HVDC will be after 2 years only. So, we will have some 
maybe 20% or 30% up to 2027-'28, but balance will be after 2 years only. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, what will be the total value of the HVDC contracts under VSC or LCC 
route that you're looking to award 2 contractors in the next 1 year or next 2 
years, typically VSC and LCC, if you can give separately, that will be very 
useful for FY '26 and FY '27. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
We can tell only like we have only 1 project in hand, which is Leh and Kaithal 
and balance this Khavda to South Olpad, it is not in hand. So, we cannot talk 
anything about that unless until we win that. So, you know that this Leh and 
Kaithal is INR 20,000 crore plus. So out of which maybe INR 12,000 crores, 
INR 13,000 crores will be for HVDC portion. Balance will be for transmission 
line. So that only I can confirm as of now. Balance -- once we win these 
projects, then only we can say LCC or VSC or... 
Moderator: 
Our last question for the day comes from the line of Puneet. 
Puneet: 
If you can also talk about the potential opportunity on the inter -- intra-state 
transmission side. Is that opening up? Or is it still largely done by state 
transcos? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
No. Intra-state, as per NEP, they have shown that they have indicated that there 
will be expenditure or capex of about INR 3 lakh crore plus in intra-state. So 
now unless until they go under TBCB execution, then only it can be achieved. 
So otherwise, INR 3 lakh crore will be very difficult to be achieved by various 
states. So UP, MP, then Rajasthan, then Odisha, Maharashtra, these states have 
already come out with this intra-state TBCB projects. 
 
So, we are also participating with the same interest as compared to inter-state 
TBCB project. So, we are also expecting that we will also win some projects 
in intra-state transmission system also. So, there is no difference between inter-
state transmission TBCB project and Inta State TBCB project. And more and 
more states are talking these days by -- for TBCB projects. So, they will come 
in many numbers. All the states should follow this intra-state TBCB. 
Puneet: 
Any size you can give for this current tenders? 
R.K. Tyagi: 
As of now, no, I may not be in a position to share any figure. 

 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
R.K. Tyagi: 
Yes. I once again thank each and every one of you for joining and taking 
interest in POWERGRID. POWERGRID’ s management is committed to 
achieve all the targets, which we have mentioned today. And regarding project 
efficiency, operational efficiency, we will be working very hard to achieve all 
the targets given by Government of India. Thank you once again for showing 
your interest, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now exit the 
meeting. 
***End of Transcription*** 
