Archean Chemical Industries Limited 
 
Life’s god with our chemistry 
 
Regd. Office: No.2, North Crescent Road, T Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Tamil Nadu, India. Ph: +91 44- 61099999, 
www.archeanchemicals.com, info@archeanchemicals.com; CIN: L24298TN2009PLC072270; GSTIN: 33AAHCA8471D3ZR 
May 13, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited        BSE Limited                                                        
Exchange Plaza  
 
 
 
          Listing Operations                                               
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
          Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street            
Mumbai-400051                                                      Mumbai-400001 
Symbol-ACI  
 
 
                      Scrip Code- 543657                                           
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Reference: Intimation of Earnings Call dated May 04, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Para A Part A Schedule III of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the earnings call held on May 07, 2025 post announcement of financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025. 
 
The above information shall be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.archeanchemicals.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Archean Chemical Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Vijayaraghavan N E 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
VIJAYARAG
HAVAN N E
Digitally signed by 
VIJAYARAGHAVAN N E 
Date: 2025.05.13 
17:59:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
  
 
“Archean Chemical Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 07, 2025 
 
“E&OE -This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 07th May 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RANJIT PENDURTHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ARCHEAN 
CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. N.R. KANNAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – ARCHEAN CHEMICAL 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NATARAJAN RAMAMURTHY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ARCHEAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Archean Chemical Industries Limited Q4 
and FY '25 Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Pendurthi, Managing Director, Archean. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you joining our Q4 and FY '25 
earnings call. It is an active morning, so thank you for making the time to be with us today. On 
this call, I have the pleasure of being joined by our Executive Director, Mr. N.R. Kannan; our 
CFO, Mr. Natarajan Ramamurthy; and the SGA team, our Investor Relations advisors. 
 
I trust you have reviewed the financial results and investor presentation available on our website 
as well as the stock exchanges. I will begin with an overview of recent developments and 
business updates; after which, our CFO, Mr. Natarajan, will present the financial performance 
for Q4 and full year '25. 
 
To start with the market overview. The Indian chemical market continues to stand strong on the 
basis of innovation and diversity with over 80,000 commercial products across various sectors. 
The year gone by has posed several challenges for the industry at large, particularly to demand 
variations from key global markets as in the West as well as Far East. 
 
However, amid these global headwinds, Indian chemical manufacturers have proven to be 
resilient and have demonstrated strength and adaptability. Along with many of our peer group 
companies, Archean Chemicals has also managed to withstand the pressures and has improved 
its operational performance. 
 
This resilience underscores our strong foundation and agility in navigating a dynamic global 
environment. On a broader scale, we are beginning to see some signs of recovery in the global 
chemical industry; however, every day is a new challenge from a geopolitical perspective. 
 
Improving demand trends and more stable supply chains are helping a cautious optimism. While 
the recovery may remain uneven across geographies and sectors, the overall momentum for us 
is gradually building. 
 
At Archean Chemicals, we are seeing clear and consistent traction in client demand for our key 
products, which proves to be an encouraging sign and that is reflected in our Q4 FY '25 
performance as well. This reinforces our belief that sustainable growth is rooted in long-term 
thinking, strategic agility and operational excellence, along with strong consumer and customer 
relationships. 
 
Coming to our segmental performance, specifically.  

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
                                                We'll start with Bromine. Elemental Bromine contributed approximately 1/3rd of our total 
revenue during FY '25. We continue to focus on bromine, which is our strength, and we continue 
to remain India's largest exporter and manufacturer. 
 
Contracted volumes remained broadly in line with the prior year. For FY '26, we are targeting 
an increase in the total bromine volumes including captive consumption in the range of 22,000 
to 25,000 tons for FY '26. 
 
Industrial Salt. Industrial Salt, again, we are the largest exporter from India and have been so for 
many years. This accounted for almost 2/3 of our total revenue. We saw a solid recovery in Q4 
with volumes reaching 1.3 million tons for the quarter. Operational challenges from earlier 
quarters, primarily around logistics, have been largely addressed. We have added our own fleet 
to help augment the logistics. 
 
With the commissioning of our additional washery and investment in the dedicated logistics 
fleet, we've expanded our capacity to over 5 million tons on an annual basis, and we expect the 
quarterly volume run rate to remain above 1 million in the coming quarters. This is also aided 
by the fact that our long-term relationships with customers allow us to have longer-term 
contracts and these remain in force. 
 
Sulphate of Potash, the trials are continuing steadily and continue to be very promising. We have 
completed most of the trials at the test phase and at the pilot phase, and we are moving to 
demonstrate this at the plant scale in the next quarter. We anticipate meaningful contributions, 
as I've stated on earlier calls, from this vertical starting in second half of FY '26. 
 
We remain one of the few manufacturers of Sulphate of Potash in the world, and it is a fertilizer 
that is not easily made elsewhere, and we believe the market continues to remain firm for this 
product. 
 
Bromine Derivatives. Our Bromine Derivatives operations are up and running, currently 
between 20% and 30% capacity utilization. Clear brine fluids and catalysts for Purified 
Terephthalic Acid (PTA) synthesis, contributed to Q4 FY '25 performance. We obviously expect 
the utilization to rise to more than 50% in the near term. The products have been well received, 
and we have started exports of the same from the facility. 
 
Regarding the flame retardant bromine project, this initiative is being actively now pursued, and 
we will provide an update soon once we finalize the key arrangements at our end. To date, we 
have invested approximately INR160 crores to INR170 crores in the Bromine Derivatives 
platform, and this has started yielding results both on the top line and on the utilization rates. 
 
On Oren Hydrocarbon, this is the business, as you all may recall, we bought in 2024. We have 
made progress in reviving Oren hydrocarbon's operations. Of the four units, the two facilities in 
Andhra Pradesh are now ready, while the two remaining units in Gujarat and one in Tamil Nadu 
are likely to commence operations towards the latter part of FY '26. 
 
But having said that, we continue to remain focused on the two that are going to get operational 
soon and start contributing revenues shortly. Debottlenecking and refurbishment works has been 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
going on in all sites. We expect Oren Hydrocarbon to contribute approximately INR150 crores 
in revenue during FY '26 on a conservative basis. 
 
On our new strategic initiatives, as you all may be updated, we have made investments in two 
areas for the future, keeping eye on the development across the industry, both from a domestic 
perspective as well as from a global perspective. The semiconductor manufacturing initiative, 
the land acquisition process for the project has been completed. 
 
The company is now working closely with both state and central government officials. As 
previously communicated, we have submitted our application to the Indian semiconductor 
mission and are awaiting approval. The project has been approved at the state level in Orissa, 
and now we are waiting for the final approval to come from the centre. 
 
On the energy storage battery business, the zinc-bromide batteries specifically, the company's 
planned investment in Offgrid Energy Labs, a U.S.-based zinc-bromide battery innovator, is 
progressing well. The Offgrid team is currently advancing site identification and vendor 
selection for the pilot plant in the U.K. And we hope in the coming quarter, this will be finalized 
and the start-up will have begun. 
 
In summary, the company has maintained margins, expanded customer engagements and 
advanced strategic initiatives in both the Bromine Derivatives business, semiconductor and the 
energy storage business. We remain a net debt-free company, supported by a strong balance 
sheet and disciplined capital allocation, which positions us well to pursue long-term growth 
opportunities. 
 
The key being for us to be vigilant, agile and be conservative in how we use our cash, but at the 
same time, pursue opportunities that provide long-term growth for the company and for the 
shareholders. 
 
With that, I would now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Natarajan Ramamurthy to provide the 
financial highlights for Q4 and FY '25. Thank you. 
Ramamurthy Natarajan: 
Thank you, and a very good morning to all the participants on the call. We are pleased to report 
a notable performance for the quarter gone by. To give the summary of Q4 FY 2025 on  stand-
alone basis, total revenue for Q4 FY '25 stood at INR3,333.3 million. 
 
Our business mix are as follows in Q4: Bromine contributed 24% of the total revenue, whereas 
Industrial Sea Salt contributes around 76%. Sales volume of business are as follows: Volume 
sales of bromine for the quarter 4, 2025, stood at near 3,600 metric tons. Volume sales of 
Industrial Salt for the Q4 FY '25 stood at 1.3 million. 
 
EBITDA for the company stood at INR1,011.2 million in Q4 FY '25 with a margin of 30.3%. 
Increase in other expenses during the quarter was largely due to increase in operating expenses 
due to increase in salt quantity by 55% and year-end provisions. Net profit for Q4 FY '25 stood 
at around INR583 million. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
On FY '25 highlights. Total revenue for FY '25 stood at INR10,634.5 million. Our business mix 
are as follows: Bromine contributed 35%, whereas Industrial Salt contributes around 65%. 
Export market contributed around 77% and the balance 23% were contributed by the domestic 
market. Volumes sales of Bromine for the FY '25 stood at near 18,000 metric tons. Volume sales 
from Industrial Salt for the FY '25 stood at 3.5 million metric tons. 
 
EBITDA for the FY '25 stood at INR3,721.2 million with a margin of 35%. Reduction in the 
employee cost was driven by ESOP utilization and MD submission compared to last year. Net 
profit for FY '25 stood at around INR1,849.2 million. Net debt to equity stood at 0.03 level. We 
are delighted to share that the Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of INR3 
per equity share of INR2 each for the financial year ending March 31, 2025. 
 
With this, we conclude the speech and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
Sorry, it's a repetition. I know you said this earlier in your opening remarks, but still can you 
give me this quarterly revenue breakup between salt and bromine and bromine SOP? 
Ramamurthy Natarajan: 
Yes. Okay. In Q4, FY '25, sales metric ton Industrial Salt was 1,270,035  metric tons; Bromine 
3,604 metric tons; SOP 26 metric tons. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Revenue? 
Ramamurthy Natarajan: 
Revenue Industrial Salt is INR245.4 crores, bromine INR76.25 crores, SOP was INR0.09 crores. 
Total INR321.74 crores. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Got it. Now what was the derivative? Because, I guess, there is a decent derivative sale 
even in this quarter, if I do console minus stand-alone, almost INR24 crores of derivative sales 
that should be assumed. So what is the derivative volume we sold during this quarter? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So Sanjesh, this is Ranjit here. So yes, you're right, we did start derivative sales this quarter, 
which is why I think I mentioned that we're quite well placed in the coming year. So we sold 
about close to 500 tons of product for the first quarter -- first quarter as in the operation, 
commercial sales as in FY '25 Q4. So we did sell about 500 metric tons. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's a great start, actually. 500 metric tons, even at this stage, we are talking about  6,000 
metric ton already, right? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So we guided 10,000 metric ton for FY '26 in the previous call, that still stands or do you think 
there is an upside risk to that? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Sorry, Sanjesh, can you repeat that question? 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
You mentioned that for FY '26 in the previous call, we are looking at derivative sale of 10,000 
metric ton, so with this 500 metric tons already being sold in Q4, do you think that 10,000 metric 
ton can be surpassed easily? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think, when we discussed this the last time on the call, I think we were having that projection, 
and I think that's what we'd like to target. But we also have to see with changes having happened 
on the geopolitical side. For example, I think you know this more than anyone else, how the oil 
prices have come down from 70-odd to now 56, 60-odd. 
 
But having said that, I think the silver lining remains that the producers have increased the 
output, which means that the more they supply, the more they will need chemicals for the more 
they drill. So I think that's, I think, one green shoots that we see that will support demand and 
offtake. 
 
And the second one is also, I think, with all that's going on in U.S., there may be other 
opportunities also that may open up for supplies. But on a volume basis, I think -- it's not 
incorrect to say that is it achievable or not, it is probably achievable. But we'd like to see 
performance happen over the next couple of quarters and stabilize. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Next question on the bromine 3,600 metric tons with prices are going so sharply. I thought 
it was more demand-led, right, rather than the supply-led. The volume metric ton really is not 
encouraging for the Q4. Are we facing any sort of capacity constraint or how it is? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
No. Actually, I mean, we've always been in this position with bromine that demand exceeds 
what we're able to supply for our own customers. But the reality has been that we've had an 
extended, I think, winter. So what's happened in January and February, generally, Q4 is our 
traditionally our strongest quarter for bromine also. 
 
But this year, with evaporation rates staying subdued because of the extended winter Jan-Feb, 
that caused a lower concentration, but I think you would see the pickup happen through March. 
And as we are speaking, I think it's gone to a pretty healthy rate beyond what we actually 
budgeted as well. 
Ramamurthy Natarajan: 
But, offtake, upgrade, whatever we are able to make, we're able to sell. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But from the offtake perspective, I thought we have a lot of ponds which can be developed to 
meet this offtake. Practically speaking, what is the capacity which we can drive bromine out of 
the ponds, which we have developed and the water resources we have? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
The infrastructure that we have, we can go in excess of 30,000. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And that can be enhanced or that is where we will hit the peak? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
No, that can be enhanced. So I think we still have areas to be developed. We still have brine 
efficiency management in the fields, that's an ongoing process. So I think those improvements 
are being done as we speak. So in terms of our ability to do more does exist, with not a large 
expenditure. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Very clear. And just last question. Any comment on the bromine pricing? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Well, the bromine pricing, see, I think the climb was steep. I think as the market may know, in 
a matter of, I think, a month, the prices almost jumped 70%. But also, like everything else, it 
comes down. And we've always held a conservative view, you know this, on what the bromine 
pricing will be from a long-term average perspective. But at the moment, it is higher than it was 
last couple of quarters. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And the long-term contracts we signed, they don't change, right? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
They don't change, because I think our reputation is what people come to us for. They expect us 
to honor contracts. And because it works both ways. We expect our customers to also honor 
contracts. So despite all that's been going on, the turbulence worldwide customers continue to 
honor their contracts as well, so for whatever they signed. So I think our customer engagement 
is very strong given our track record and history of working with them. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, my first question is for the next 2 years, like we had like -- so major geographies, whether 
it is U.S., China, Japan, U.K., everywhere, the growth is slowing down. And I believe, sir, what 
guidance you have given for bromine in terms of volumes, that is surpassing '25 volumes, I 
mean, on to the growth part. So what is giving us the confidence that this stronger growth can 
be achieved? And any outlook or any sort of volumes you can share, - for the Salt business in 
FY '26? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So thank you for the question. So I think the reason why we feel that bromine is well placed is 
because there are only a handful of manufacturers who do produce bromine. And the fact that 
we are one of the largest on a global basis as well. I think our customers come from a range of 
industries, right? 
 
We are not focused on any one end use. So we have flame-retardant importers, we have  spec 
chem, we have pharma, so that diversification of industrial base allows us to be confident of 
being able to move the volume. 
Aditya Khetan: 
But we're talking about a growth of upwards of around 20% to 25% in terms of volumes. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. So I think that's based on the contracts that we have and the visibility we have with these 
customers, like I said, these are the products that are needed. There's no substitute for them. So 
it's not that because the price has changed that somebody can swap out for some of other input. 
So I think there's a base demand for it and that base demand is still not being met. So I think that 
difference will allow us to keep moving a little bit more volume than we did this year for sure. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, the spot pricing which has moved from $3 to $5 in a span of weeks only, any particular 
reason? And is the price so volatile like it can move from $3 to $5 in a week's time only and it 
can again come down to the same level? I believe -- what is the reason, sir, for this moment? 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think market participants and shareholders understand that supply shocks generally only lead 
to such a rapid increase in price. So I think, that the supply disruptions from West Asia and I 
think that caused the spike. But in our conversations with customers and as well as we ourselves 
as a company knew that this spike won't last. So I think trying to plan on the basis of a spike is 
not, I think, realistic.  
So we need to keep our head down, understand the long-term trends, end-use industry trends, 
end use industry prices and then accordingly model ourselves into what prices we expect. So for 
the current prices that we are doing, we're happy. I think  customers appreciate that we didn't try 
to take advantage of this temporary spike. We honor our contracts, and I think that's what keeps 
our customers coming back to us. 
Just to give you an insight, most of our bromine customers are more than 10 years old. So they 
don't expect us to sway as the wind goes. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, just one last question. Sir, in Q4, the business mix has tilted more towards the salt 
side. I believe from 50-odd percent for revenue mix now, it is around 65%. Sir, considering salt 
is more of a low entry barrier business, it doesn't have any sort of an edge, how you see this mix 
moving ahead? Will Bromine mix move up or it will remain in this direction only? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I think -- see, we have to see the business holistically. While we are a specialty chemicals 
company with bromine and bromine derivatives are our key products and key focus areas, right? 
Salt also is an important product. So we don't fancy one over the other. I think the first 
fundamental thing is both make money, both have a good healthy contribution to the effort and 
the business bottom line, both do it. 
So I think, I'm not going to choose one over the other, but at the same time, I will add this, our 
intention is to keep growing the bromine and bromine derivative business, because we see the 
future there and the distinction between us and many others coming from that strength. Salt will 
continue to be a product that we continue to sell because it's a large volume mover and has a 
healthy contribution. So I think it will be an all-round performance, but our focus will continue 
to be on the bromine and bromine derivatives. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Good morning, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question, again, harping a little bit on 
the bromine pricing. I believe a lot of our contracts have different time frames that we operate 
in. But would it be conceivable that the new contracts that will be repriced, let's say, 3, 6, 9 
months down the line, would be at a higher price? Where I'm getting from is just to get a sense 
of how should we look at pricing of bromine in FY '26? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I think, there are two parts to this, Archit. One is that today, I think we are amongst a few 
companies where we don't have a demand problem. So I think we should be fortunate for that. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
So the prices of the contracts we've signed people are still buying and wanting. So I think that's 
a good thing. So which is why I keep saying our demand at the moment continues to be stable. 
The second one is on future pricing. I think, given all that's happening, right, it is very dynamic. 
I think it would be hazarding too much of a guess what's going to happen in 6 months' time or 9 
months' time. But having said that, I think the contracts that we have signed towards, I think, Q3 
or Q4 or Q3 last year or Q2, Q3 last year, I don't personally see the prices being below that.  
And I think this is an observation we made last year saying that someone asked us, has the prices 
bottomed? I said, I don't know if they hit bottom, but I think there is no reason to think that they 
will fall any further. So similarly, I think there's no reason to think that the prices will fall when 
the renewal time comes. But at the same time, is there an upside? I think, there is an upside. But 
most of that upside, we would like to capture it through our derivatives business, not necessarily 
on the elemental bromine business. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. That clarifies. Sir, second question, again, like you mentioned on derivatives, I think 
when we had planned this entire project of whatever investments we have done till now INR160 
crores, INR170 crores that you mentioned earlier, we were supposed to have a good 20%-odd 
value addition on the derivative space. 
I think, a large part of it could have been driven by flame retardants because that typically had a 
more demand visibility and I think you stalled it, but would those economics still stand through 
even without flame retardants as we speak because we're doing about 500 tons, like you 
mentioned, before? So any thoughts on that? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So, I think, our focus today is on ramping up the utilization of the plants. So I think once that 
happens, obviously, margins do move up. For this year, I think assuming a 20% margin would 
not necessarily be too true simply because the investment has to start paying off and the 
utilization has to move up. 
But going forward, I think the margin that we have stated earlier is possible to achieve. As we 
also changed the product/mix and as we keep moving between various industries, not just oil 
and gas, right, so I think our R&D team has done a great job. We have a few interesting products 
lined up coming up over the next 2, 3 months. And so I think this will make us as a unique 
manufacturer of some of these products for end-use industries in pharma and agri chem. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. One quick last one. As we plan to resurrect the flame retardants capacity once again, 
anything with regards to timelines as to when that plant will be operational? And since you 
already spent INR160 crores, INR170 crores, I'm assuming that there will be common 
infrastructure, etcetera, involved in that already. So what will be the incremental capex on to 
that? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I think our overall project cost for the bromine derivative business was INR250-odd crores. 
So at the moment, we are Phase 1 and Phase 2 included. So I think at the moment, the first phase 
has been completed under budget. So kudos to the team for doing that. But the additional capex 
should happen within that same INR251 crores, give or take a little bit, given the inflation, etc., 
on certain things. But yes, a large part of the infrastructure is already in place. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Archit Joshi: 
So sir, incremental INR250 crores or incremental INR90 crores, INR100 crores? I didn't get that 
part, sir? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
No. The total Phase 1 and Phase 2, including flame retardant was INR250 crores, of which 
INR160 crores to INR170 crores has been spent. So the balance INR80 crores to INR90 crores 
that is available -- will be what will be used for the flame retardant project. So it's well within 
what we had estimated earlier. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure. Sir, and time lines with regards to the commissioning of the project? Anything that you 
could guide? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
We probably will have a better update on the next call. Hopefully, we'd have made some 
progress, so there'll be something more meaningful to convey. But ideally, we would like to see 
if we can do it within this FY '26. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. That’s great. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Hi, good morning Mr. Ranjit. So my question is with respect to the bromine prices. So one is 
your long-term contracts, if I'm not wrong, is largely for the export markets; and domestic, you 
have certain open contracts as well. Is that correct? And how does your pricing change in the 
light of this mix? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Resham, thanks for the question. So you're right, the contracts for a longer-term tenure and price 
is for the export market. So that continues. On the domestic side, we have a combination of those 
that are basically quantity based or period based for a certain quantity. So I think when and 
where those have finished in the last couple of months, we have renewed them at better prices. 
So that is on a rolling basis on the domestic side. So we are seeing no issue on the offtake, and 
we are benefiting from an uptick in price on the domestic side. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood. Got it. And the other thing is, in your initial remarks, you mentioned that next year, 
you are budgeting for 22,000 tons of bromine. Is it production or is it sales because you'll be 
consuming a bit of for in-house as well? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. So I think it is sales. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. So 22,000 tons plus you will consume whatever bromine derivative you will manufacture, 
you will use, consume there as well. That will be how much quantum approximately? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So we are looking at -- like the reason I said in my initial comments, between 22,000 to 25,000 
tons was sales. So in that, between 22,000 and 25,000 tons we anticipate that extra quantity will 
come from our captive consumption. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood. Okay. Lastly, if you can help us with the bromine derivative realization for -- I 
presume there will be different kind of products, but on an average, if you can just help with the 
realization of bromine derivatives? 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes, give us a second here. Resham, I think we probably have to get back to you on that, if you 
don't mind. Mr. Natarajan, our CFO, will reach out to you, because like you said we are doing 
multiple products and some have a recycled component to it. So I don't want to give you an 
answer that's incorrect, but the data will be given to you post the call. No worries. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Because based on the data you have given 500 tons and INR24 crores revenue, it comes 
out to INR480 per kg. I don't know whether that is correct or not? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
No, that's -- yes, that's why I think we should be careful, even there is -- is the product mix. But 
definitely, we're not selling anything that low. We are making money for sure. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my questions. Couple from my side. First, your salt sales volume 
guidance for FY '26 is north of 4 million tons or what is it exactly? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. Thank you, Krishan. So I think our volume, we expect in excess of 4 million. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. So any -- it's is like more closer to 5 or 4.5 or what is it?    
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. So the completion of our washery, the second line has added the capacity. And as I said, it 
has taken us to 5 million tons plus on an annual basis. So ideally, we should be able to use as 
much of that as possible. So I would say between 4.5 million to 5 million. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Got it. And secondly, on the bromine price. I know you've answered quite a lot. But just during 
the last up-cycle, we saw your peak bromine realization was $4.7 a kg, even when the spot price 
was $10, $12 a kg. So let's say what's the peak realization you think you can get if prices or spot 
prices sustained at $4-odd? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think, if spot prices stay at $4, our endeavour would be to be as close as possible to that. You're 
obviously not going to get the spot price for a long-term contract naturally. Those are all for 
people who are wanting to just do a months export and just get some benefit out of it. But long 
term, generally, if we take the hypothetical situation of $4 spot, I would assume long-term 
contract will be between $3.25 to $3.4, $3.5 because there is a local duty element in China and 
all those things. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Got it. So probably at a 20% discount roughly, give or take? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
To spot price, yes, I would assume that would be a safe thing to assume and then build your 
business around that. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Got it. And just last two bits. So what's your capex and for FY '26 and '27 considering 
investments for Offgrid and delay? 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
We'll revert back on that. But I think on salt, we don't have any outside capex other than just 
regular maintenance. On bromine derivatives, like I said a few minutes earlier, if we do the flame 
retardant, as we plan to, it will be within that original budget capex of INR250 crores, so there's 
no new capex as such from that perspective. 
And on the Offgrid this year, apart from the investment, we don't have any capex. And on the 
semiconductor project, I think any meaningful capex at only next year. I think for this year, 
probably we may have INR50 crores, INR60 crores at best. And we, of course, the only, I think 
one that really is focusing on pure capex is the SOP plant start-up, where we do obviously get 
the immediate revenue and cash flow and sales. So I think will happen between now and 
September-October, that we estimate about INR20 crores to INR30 crores. So we don't have any 
large capex as such. 
Krishan Parwani: 
And what about Oren? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Oren is already underway. So we don't -- again, it's within the original budget we've given last 
year of about INR25 crores, INR30-odd crores. So we don't have any large capex planned 
outside of these. But to be more accurate, I think Mr. Natarajan will get back to you on that. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. Got it. And last bit, if I may. So when do you expect, let's say, derivative business to be 
profitable on the PAT front? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
On PAT? 
Krishan Parwani: 
Yes. Because I think there's a console minus standalone is INR5 crores of loss, right? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. So I think on a PAT basis, definitely, we want to see a positive figure this year, for sure. 
Krishnan Parwani: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you for answering my question. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on Oren Hydrocarbons. What is the total capex 
including the acquisition cost that we are looking at? And you already mentioned that this year, 
we are expecting about INR150 crores of revenues from this asset. What is the peak potential 
that we are looking at from the current investment that we are making or that we have made? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Thank you for the question. So I think we bought the asset for about INR77-odd crores. And I 
think since then, we have spent about INR10-odd crores on the refurbishment. As you know, 
these were running plants. And -- but the last 4 years, they were shut. So it did take that -- it took 
more time than actual real capex, simply because we have to go in there, post the NCLT orders 
and all that and look at what's not working and lot of those things, long lead items, etc. 
So yes, so that's all we have spent for the moment out of the INR25 crores, INR30 crores, we 
have budgeted when we had bought the asset itself. And I think peak revenues before the 
company had got into trouble, I think they have touched almost close to INR500 crores in top 
line when they still didn't have, I think, a couple of the plants operational. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
So as a business, there's a lot of potential there, and I think we are slowly climbing that wall and 
to start with that INR150-odd crores I think, estimate we have given is on that basis. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. This is helpful. The second question is on the Industrial Salt. So generally, how has been 
the trend in terms of pricing of Industrial Salt and do we expect at least, say, inflation-adjusted 
price increase in salt or what is your estimate for maybe a couple of years from now on? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think, a couple of years projection or prediction I think, is very, very, I think, difficult. I think 
most industries aren't even predict what's going to happen next quarter. So I think, I wouldn't 
have a guess for 2 years, for sure. But all that I can add and say is that as you see our volume, 
again, is back up over 1 million tons. 
I think, the first objective is to touch what we have projected with the enhanced capacity for this 
year, that I think at the contribution levels of what we got in Q4 and hopefully that continuing. 
The focus will be on moving that volume and having a tight cost control to ensure that the 
contribution level stays thereabouts what we accomplished in Q4. So I think if that is achieved, 
I think we would have added a significant top line and bottom line from the volume. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Just one clarification. I mean, generally, the salt prices do increase or they have been 
largely stable and there is marginal increase, which happens? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
They have largely been stable. There is, I think, maybe a drop of 5%, 10%. But I think, like I 
said, I think the volume far more than makes up for that. And I think we are not overly concerned 
on our ability to be able to move to that 5 million mark for this year. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Got it. And just one last clarification on the lease, any incremental update? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
On that, I think, it is continuously work in progress. We are making headway. I think we are in 
touch with the authorities and they've assured that they will move on this quickly, because I 
think they will receive a larger number of representations from many others on the same subject. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks and all the best, sir. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So thank you, everyone, for joining us on this earnings call. We appreciate your time and 
showing interest in our company. In case of queries, you can get in touch with us or SGA, our 
Investor Relations Advisors. We look forward to again meeting all of you over the next call and 
meanwhile be safe and Jai Hind. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Archean Chemical Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
