 
 
 
 
Date: 6th May, 2025 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter financial 
year ended on 31st March, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Wednesday, 30th April, 2025 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2025. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Group General Counsel, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
Ajay Pratap 
Singh
Digitally signed by 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Date: 2025.05.06 
14:15:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
April 30, 2025 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, and welcome to Sona 
Comstar’s Q4 FY25 earnings group conference call. Please note that all 
participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, Linda. Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q4 FY25 results 
and to answer your questions, we have the management team of Sona 
Comstar with us. I will just introduce them quickly. We have Mr. Vivek Vikram 
Singh, MD & Group CEO; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline Business; Mr. 
Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Praveen Chakrapani Rao, 
Group CTO; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head - Investor 
Relations; and Mr. Pratik Sachan, from Corporate Strategy and Investor 
Relations Team. Now, I hand over the call to Vivek for the opening remarks 
and the presentation. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil, and welcome, everyone, to the earnings call for Q4, in 
which we once again achieved our highest ever net profit, and this is despite 
the weakness in revenue. As we highlighted in the last call, one of our large 
customers transitioned a major model into an upgraded version in the last 
quarter. This change affected our supplies to this customer in Q4, and it did 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
impact our revenue, particularly BEV revenue. The good news is that the new 
model production has been ramping up since March. 
 
But now, as is always our policy when talking to our shareholders, we'll begin 
with the challenges. 
So first, what's on top of mind for everyone, the tariffs announced by the U.S. 
administration, including on automobile and auto component imports, the 
details of which are obviously changing fairly dynamically. In our opinion, 
they will adversely impact the demand for cars and light trucks. Although we 
believe our competitive positioning will improve further if tariffs persist, 
because as a supplier to automakers globally, we may not be, we in fact are 
not immune to the demand and supply disruptions, but if you can look 
beyond the short term, I think there is also a lot of opportunity.  
Second, global automotive production, and in this I include every market, 
may see disruptions due to supply chain complexities and high dependence 
on China, especially for rare earth materials.  
In India, while we are working with the industry and the government and the 
Chinese Embassy to speed up the process of importing magnets from China, 
we're also evaluating alternate materials, including Ferrite, different grades 
of magnets, different technologies, as well as different supply sources. So to 
sum up, in a fairly confusing and uncertain time, we believe this trade war to 
be disruptive and adverse in the short term for the entire global auto industry.  
However, in the medium to long term, we expect many opportunities to 
emerge from this chaos. We firmly believe that many weaker players may 
not survive this disruption. This should lead to further consolidation in the 
hands of companies with strong technology moats. Indian companies like 
ours that can provide world-class product performance and quality, and 
have robust margins and healthy cash balances, should emerge from this 
period much stronger than before. We've had this kind of disruption in COVID 
times also, and we enjoyed a period of very high growth and a lot of order 
book additions even in that time. And there is this ability, I think we have as 
a company, that when Brownian motion or random motion increases, we 
tend to benefit far more than our peers.  
Now, as usual, we also have some good news. We ended this year with a 
few large order wins, which have taken our net order book to its highest ever. 
And in the last week of March after the announcement of proposed auto 
tariffs, we received a large order for an upcoming new electric car in the 
U.S. We also commercialized the new product, the steering bevel box which 
leverages on our strengths in forging and precision machining to develop 
the solution for a new application outside our traditional area of driveline.  
We're also planning to enter a new area, which at this stage may be where 
EV was in 2016. So, as AI, 3D perception, and control technologies advance 
and compute costs keep going down, we expect a rapid adoption of 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
humanoid robots over the next decade. These robots have potential 
applications in a lot of industries, services, as well as households, like all other 
mobility segments, motors, drives, gears, and reducers constitute more than 
50% of the bill of materials for humanoids. So, we'll be leveraging our core 
capabilities to develop components for humanoid robots, which Praveen will 
explain later in more detail. 
Slide 5: 
Now, coming to the numbers, as we had explained last quarter, this was 
expected to be a weak quarter, and our revenue and EBITDA have declined 
by 2% and 5% respectively, because of that model transition at one of our 
larger customers that I spoke about. However, we did well on net profit, which 
increased 10% to our highest ever level of 164 Crores. Our BEV revenue, 
despite this drop in revenue from a large EV customer, grew by 8% in absolute 
terms, and the BEV revenue share for this quarter was 35%. 
Slide 6: 
For the full year, like every year, we’d like to report our performance 
scorecard as managers to you on our 5 KRAs - financials, electrification, 
business development, diversification, and new product development.  
So I'll start with the financials. Our revenue, EBITDA, and PAT are up by 12%, 
8%, and 16%, respectively, despite a lot of challenges this year. ROCE and 
ROE were around 18%, which is obviously lower than last year, but this is due 
to the capital raise or QIP that we did in September-24.  
And on a side note, before we move forward. And please forgive me for a 
moment of self-indulgence, but I recently, in early April, completed 10 years 
at Sona. When I joined Sona BLW, standalone revenue for FY15 and its net 
profit were around 346 crores and 29 crores, respectively. So, in my first 
decade here, we've seen the company grow 10 times in revenue and over 
20 times in profit, which is only and only due to the great work done by Vikram, 
Sat, Rohit, Balaji, Vaithy, and, you know, thousands of people who work in our 
team. I just want to express my deep gratitude to them for helping me have 
a fulfilling first 10 years, and as we look to 2035, I'm confident they'll help me 
deliver an even more amazing and transformative next decade. 
Slide 9: 
So strategic priorities, as you know, have been constant for the last 10 years, 
and you would have also seen us report on these 4 priorities each quarter. 
The first one of them is electrification. I'd say we remain as convinced as ever 
in its inevitability. There have been recent breakthroughs which may have 
been missed in all the noise around EVs. So, a couple of things worth noting 
are that the average battery charging speed has nearly doubled. And the 
fastest speeds have actually tripled in the last 5 years. If you look at BYD Super 
E platform, which has a charging speed of 1,000 kilowatt. It is possible to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
charge a battery for 400 kilometers of range in less than 5 minutes. These 
advancements in charging speed solve 3 critical challenges for EV adoption: 
affordability, range anxiety, and long charging times. At the same time, in a 
concurrent manner, battery pack prices have also been declining due to 
innovations in both battery chemistry as well as the economies of scale in 
manufacturing.  
The global average battery pack price has decreased by 35% in the last 5 
years and is expected to fall by a further 30% in the next 5 years. What that 
means is that faster charging times will allow the OEMs to use smaller battery 
packs in the cars. There is an example, the new Slate that is being talked 
about. This is very similar to the trend seen in ICE cars in the 1970s and 1980s, 
when smaller engines and fuel tanks came about, and that actually 
increased the size of the car market by a lot. Now this trend, if you combine 
it with the decline in battery pack prices, what it eventually means is battery 
electric vehicles should achieve price parity in all the key markets, China, 
Europe and the US by 2030. 
 
Slide 10:  
Coming to our electrification performance, our BEV revenue has increased 
from 29% in FY 24 to 36% at the end of last year, and BEV revenue in rupee 
terms has grown by 38% to over 12.2 billion rupees in FY25. For us, the growth 
in BEV revenue is actually more than 25 times the growth in non-BEV revenue. 
We continue to build on our EV order book also. In Q4, we added a new EV 
program to supply driveline components to an existing customer in North 
America. Overall, we added 4 new EV programs and 2 new EV customers 
during the year.  
At the end of FY25, we have 31 EV programs in production, of which 15 are 
mature and completely ramped up, while 16 are in the ramp-up phase. The 
remaining 27 programs are not yet in production and will start during this or 
the following years. 
Slide 11: 
We got a new EV order from an existing customer, like I mentioned. It's a North 
American OEM of EVs. We will supply the rotor-embedded differential sub-
assembly as well as the epicyclic gear train for an upcoming electric SUV. We 
received this order in the last week of March, which was after the 
announcement of automotive tariffs in the US, which should also tell you a lot. 
The supplies for this program are expected to start in the last quarter of FY26. 
We also commercialized a new product, which was in white in our tech road 
map, it has come into blue now, the steering bevel box which has 
applications in commercial vehicle steering systems. We received this order 
from an existing customer, a global OEM of commercial vehicles. The supplies 
for this program will also start in the current financial year itself. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
 
Slide 13: 
Our next KRA, business development, we added 47 billion rupees worth of 
new orders during the year. This came from 37 new programs, which were 
won and 7 new customers, which were added. The year's revenue growth 
came primarily from the consumption of 31 billion rupees from the order book. 
Hence the net addition to the order book was 16 billion rupees.  
Slide 14: 
Which brings me neatly to a net order book which at the end of FY25 stands 
at 24.2 thousand crore rupees or $2.8 billion. The EV contribution to this order 
book remains high. It’s at 77%. 
 
Slide 16:  
With that, we come to a fourth KRA, diversification. The trend of increasing 
electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues unabated. And 
this year, we've seen the ICE-dependent revenue share shrink to only 9% of 
our revenue. The slower demand in Europe obviously meant that the revenue 
share from hybrid and micro-hybrid vehicles has been lower than in the 
previous year.  
Slide 17: 
Geographically, pretty much similar to last year, North America was our 
largest end market, contributing 41%. However, if we factored in the railway 
business that we announced the signing off on a pro forma basis, India is now 
the largest market with a revenue share of about 43%. Which will be followed 
by North America at 33%, Europe at 19%, and others at 5%. 
The fastest-growing segments for us this year, from a product perspective, 
have been EV traction motors and EV differential assemblies. And this is 
reflected quite well in the product mix change. The weakness in commercial 
vehicles demand has resulted in the share of revenue from this segment 
declining from 14% last year to just 11% this year. And also, that you see if you 
look at it broadly, auto to non-auto today stands at 90% to 10%. But if you look 
at the pro forma basis, I think it's already 70%-30% as we stand today. With 
this, I turn to our group CTO, Praveen, to update us on technology. So, 
Praveen, over to you. 
Praveen Rao:  
Slide 19:  
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm very happy to 
present our latest technology roadmap and technology priorities. As you all 
know, our technology is at the core of what we do at Sona Comstar, and 
therefore, it's important to represent and communicate our evolving 
roadmap. So, in this representation, at the apex of this truncated pyramid is 
our strategic priority, that is EPIC Mobility - Electrified, Personalized, Intelligent, 
and Connected. As you would notice, we have expanded our market from 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
automotive to drones, eVTOLs, AGVs, AMRs, industrial robots, and humanoids, 
which I will talk about. 
The base of this pyramid is represented by our legacy products, shown in 
black. As the products scale the pyramid, they move from components to 
subassemblies to assemblies. In the process, continually adding value to the 
customer. The color representation, black, blue, white, indicates the journey 
from legacy to current to future products. As we continue to add new 
product lines, our goal is to play a larger role in the rapidly evolving EPIC 
mobility space, thereby growing our wallet share with the customers. An 
example here is the steering bevel box using our high precision bevel gears 
and low friction torque of the gearbox, providing exceptional steering 
accuracy, driving comfort, and ease of installation on the vehicle. This map 
also represents our vision to evolve from a component supplier to a full system 
supplier, encompassing our growing capabilities in materials, system 
engineering, embedded software and hardware, and functional safety. This 
roadmap has intentional wide-open spaces, and these are to be filled up by 
new product lines, which will be part of our future communication. 
Slide 20:  
From Star Wars to CS 2025, the excitement around humanoids was palpable. 
Names like Optimus, Walker, Digit, Atlas have become part of common lingo 
now. Humanoids in our day-to-day life is closer to reality than most people 
agree. From industrial and logistics to commercial applications and finally 
households, these all-pervasive humanoid robots are going to play a 
dominant role in our very lifetime. One estimate puts the total of 10 million 
humanoids by 2035. It's a very important megatrend not to be missed. Sona 
Comstar, with its strong capabilities in gears, sensors, motors, controllers, 
embedded hardware and software, is uniquely positioned to ride this wave. 
At the heart of these humanoids are actuators which control practically all 
aspects of motion, linear and rotary. They also contribute to over 50% of the 
US$ 35,000 to 50,000 bill of material cost. We have begun exploratory work in 
components and systems that will get us into this field faster. We will also 
leverage our capabilities across our driveline, motor, and sensor divisions to 
offer integrated products like rotary linear actuators and vision systems. On 
that note, I will hand it over to Rohit to cover the financial update. Thank you. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you, Praveen. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to share our 
4th quarter and full year results for FY25 with you. 
 
Slide 22: 
First the 4th quarter results. This was a weaker quarter compared to the 4th 
quarter of last year. We've clocked a revenue of 868 crores, which is a drop 
of 2% from Q4 of last year, whereas the underlying markets in North America, 
India, and Europe grew by 1%. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Our BEV revenue grew by 8% to ₹294 crore, and it constituted 34% of our 
quarter's revenue. This quarter, we've also accounted for PLI income for the 
full year FY25, and going forward, we intend to do so on a quarterly basis. 
Our EBITDA adjusted for ESOP costs for the quarter was 240 crores, which is a 
drop of 6% from the last year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 27.6%, which is a 
drop of 1.3% compared to fourth quarter of last year, and it's primarily on 
account of change in the product mix. Our profit after tax, adjusted for ESOP 
cost and exceptional expenses, was 170 crores, which is a growth of 10% 
over last year. Our PAT has grown despite lower EBITDA, and it was primarily 
because of the net interest income, which has come from the deployment 
of cash surplus and QIP proceeds. 
Slide 23: 
For the full financial year 2025, our revenue grew by 12% to 3,555 crores. 
Compared to this, the underlying light vehicle sales in our key markets of 
North America, India, and Europe grew by only 2%. Our BEV revenue for the 
full year grew by 38% to ₹1,224 crore and BEV share of revenue increased to 
36%. At the EBITDA level adjusted for ESOP costs, the growth was 9% to 1,003 
crores. This is the first time we've crossed the landmark of more than 1,000 
crores in EBITDA in one year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 28.2%, which is 
60 basis points lower than the last year. While we had positive impact on the 
margin from the lower input prices and operating leverage, this was more 
than offset by a change in the product mix. Our profit after tax, adjusted for 
ESOP cost and exceptional expenses, grew by 19% to ₹636 crore. Profit after 
tax growth was higher than EBITDA growth due to higher net finance income 
from cash surplus and QIP proceeds.  
Slide 24: 
This brings us to the cash flow slide, which we present every 6 months. So 
during the full year FY25, we've generated Rs. 775 crores of cash from 
operations, and we've deployed about Rs. 415 crores in Capex that has left 
us with Rs. 360 crores of free cash flows. We also raised QIP funds in 
September of 2024, so net off expenses, that amount is 2,370 crores. Besides 
this, the bigger items were dividend distribution of 190 crores, which is a cash 
outflow.  
There was a reduction in the borrowings by 220 crores, and we invested 
about 60 crores in NOVELIC and Clear Motion Inc. At the end of the year, we 
had cash and investments balance of about 2,673 crores. Part of these 
funds, as you may know, would be used for the acquisition of railway business 
from EKL. 
Slide 25: 
This brings us to the last slide. So, in terms of the key ratios, I'll just go through 
the highlights. Our valuation to employee cost ratio continues to be strong 
at 5.8 times. It's slightly lower compared to the last year because of higher 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
ESOP cost. Net debt to EBITDA continues to be negative. Working capital 
turnover ratio has further improved to 5 times. On the other hand, fixed asset 
turnover ratio has declined to 3.4 times because we had a very high 
capitalization this year of around 400 crores. The operating results of this 
capitalization we'll see in the following years. Our return ratios have come 
down a bit compared to the last year. That's primarily because of the capital 
raise we did in the year.  
With this, we've come to the end of our Q4 earnings presentation and I'll now 
hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team.  
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. If you 
wish to raise a question, use the raise hand function located at the bottom 
right of Webex. We will unmute your line and prompt you to speak up. Or you 
may submit your questions via Q&A chat box addressing all panelists. Please 
be reminded to keep your questions to a maximum of 2 questions. If you 
have more questions, please return to the queue. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh:  
Hi Vivek, while the question queue builds, I'll just take one question. I would 
say not only me but a lot of investors have also been worried about or 
wanting to know that from, you know, because there's been a lot of 
uncertainty relating to tariffs, how are the customers reacting to this? What 
are you seeing in, you know, not only in terms of schedules, but also in terms 
of their long-term thinking. Is there a need for you to evaluate setting up 
facilities outside India in the US? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  You know, I know there is a lot of uncertainty, but as they say, risk can be 
modeled, uncertainty is not modellable. But very interesting is in the last 1.5 
months or so since this started, I've had 20 times the calls from investors and 
journalists than I have from customers. Actually, apart from one customer, 
nobody has really called us. So it also shows, I'd say, how much short-term 
events impact what kind of thinking. Most of our customers have been with 
us for, you know, greater than a decade. You do not and cannot uproot or 
change supply chains as quickly as people assume, it takes years. But 
anyway, I'll try to answer or try to bring some certainty, although I mean, it's 
not like we have any better information than anybody else. Last night we also 
found out what everybody else found. But it is this. So if you look at the 
announcement, last night and the 85% of MRSP, so which means everybody 
in a way gets 3.75% for next year and 2.5% for the year after that. For most of 
our customers, that's actually then we don't have much of an issue. Second, 
USMCA exemptions are also there in this circular. Net net we have 40% of our 
total revenue to US, in which we have identified 3% where there could be 
some risk of either revenue loss where they could look to somebody local, 
which somebody can come at a better price than us. That is the extent of 
the impact that we know of. Almost everything else seems to be, at least for 
the two-year period, nil to low risk. So that's the long and short of it. I actually 
believe this is a massive opportunity wave for people who know how to take 
this opportunity. Our competitors in both our major product categories tend 
to be from China. And in an event in which tariffs are imposed on every 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
country, it is basically then your relative pricing that comes into place. And 
then the gap has actually widened much more. So if you look at 2018 and 
the first tariff cycle in which China was tariffed at 10%, I think at that time, that 
gave us a huge window to increase our market shares in the US. This one is far 
bigger than that.  
Second, they are also closing, I think, back doors, like Southeast Asia, Mexico, 
etc. where people could just reroute goods. I think those have also effectively 
been closed because now they're talking about US content. Almost, not 
almost, actually all the customers we have in the US are doing the final 
assembly there, so we are in fact fairly well positioned. There is one thing that 
everyone should keep in mind, as I started in my opening comments itself, 
that regardless of where you are, who you supply to, so we may be relatively 
very well positioned, but there is going to be impact on demand. There is also 
going to be supply chain stuff, you have seen semiconductor chip shortage. 
You don't have a thing like a 99% car, right? Even 1% is blocked in some 
country, that has a demand impact. That we can't really model right now 
because it's not really known. The tariffs actually haven't yet kicked in, so we 
don't know what we don't know, but we are fairly agile. Tactical agility is, I 
would say, one of our greater strengths as a company. So, yeah, I hope I've 
shed more light, but 3% of our total revenue is what we would say is that 
medium risk in the next 12 to 18 months. 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah, so just wanted to also hear your thoughts on, is there a need to set up 
manufacturing in the US or that is ruled out. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  You know, it's a tough question to answer, but in this one month there have 
been 3 or 4 changes already. We will wait for the dust to settle before we 
make any committed investments anywhere, but as you well know, we have 
a plant in Mexico. We have a plant in the US. We are actually in the process 
of another plant in Mexico. And yeah, if really required, we can put up a final 
assembly plant in the US. It's not like it's something we can't do. We, it is not 
something that will happen in the next 12 months, obviously it takes 12 to 18 
months to do any of those, but we will wait for dust to settle more clarity to 
emerge around how this plays out. We have received zero requests from any 
customer to do anything. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, I think the question is also built up, so I'll pass on to Linda to start taking 
the questions. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I know that you're utilizing your privilege of host by jumping the queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Okay. First question is from Gunjan. Hi Gunjan. Your line is open. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Hi, thanks team for taking my questions, just a couple of questions from my 
side. Firstly, could you clarify the PLI accrual for this quarter and full year, so 
that we can accordingly, look at the FY26 margin as well. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, PLI is always Rohit Nanda’s subject, so I'll let him comment on this. 
Rohit Nanda:  
So Gunjan, we would not be disclosing the PLI numbers separately because 
of customer confidentiality and commercial reasons we've decided not to 
disclose it separately, but we've recognized the full year, PLI income in the 
4th quarter. So if, let's say if we have to take out the first 3 quarters impact, 
that would be about 19 crores. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay, so first 3 quarter impact would be 19 crores, so I mean that only that, 
yeah… 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So I will add to it Gunjan, so basically, look, 8 motors have received 
certification and approval. The capex, etc. for all of those have been done, 
and the approvals came at various dates. So, if you net off the expenses 
which are associated with getting said approvals and the audits done, that 
number is for the 3 quarters is around 19 crores. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay, got it. And while we are at this, you know Vivek if you can also talk 
about the whole traction motor opportunity, you know, while there's a lot of 
uncertainty in the other parts like you mentioned that, you know, India, is 
going to be big with railways, traction motors. Could you just talk about, you 
know, some of these segments as well? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So yeah, I mean, India opportunity as you know, is actually you know better 
than me, what the India automotive segment and opportunities are. We 
continue to have fairly… 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
No, I mean more from traction motor perspective 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So traction motor right now we are in two-wheeler and three wheeler. Of 
course we want to expand to light commercial vehicles, buses, passenger 
cars, but that will happen in due course. Nothing. We foresee at least for this 
year, it is growing quite rapidly on its own. We are developing high voltage 
traction motors because to approach the bigger weight segments or larger 
vehicle category at low voltage is not, not a sustainable way of doing it. So 
we want to get it first time right. So we want to go with high voltage. As you 
know from, well, grade 10 physics, power is voltage x current, so the higher 
the voltage, the lower the current, which means lower wires, lower wire 
harnessing, so lower the cost of doing that motor and inverter set. So that's 
where the efforts are right now. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay and, you know, going to this humanoid opportunity that you talked 
about, is there any timelines to it? What stage of development we are at, and 
you know, if you could talk more in terms of, you know what is the competitive 
landscape here from my understanding a lot of this is China focused at the 
moment, so I'm just trying to understand, you know, how do we stand in terms 
of competitive positioning and what stage of product development we are 
at. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, excellent question, Gunjan. In a way, the answer to your question is also 
there in your question. Currently, this supply chain is pretty much dominated 
out of China. Now if you look at what is happening in the world, we are, it is 
not a tariff and everybody looking at one segment. It is actually a global 
trade reset pretty much. Now that supply chain has to shift. When that supply 
chain shifts, people who are capable and who have the competence to 
develop parts around gears, reducers and motors have a far higher likelihood 
of success. However, as you know, in any technology readiness level, even if 
you go to level 7, which means you have the prototype ready, it can be 
installed in a vehicle, if the customer doesn't give you an order, it doesn't 
mean anything. So we are at a certain technology readiness level, but 
success, as you know, in these things is binary. When we get an order, we will 
make that white circle blue, and we will tell you what we have won, but till 
you win, it means nothing. If you have the greatest product in your lab and 
you can't sell a single unit, it doesn't have really any meaning, but we've been 
working on it for, let's say, almost a year now, so we are fairly confident, but 
commercial success is the only success that will matter and that remains as 
always binary. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Okay. All right. I'll join back the queue. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Gunjan. 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah, so Vivek we have a few questions from the question box. These are 
from Jinesh. So one is, how do you think about your ongoing investment in 
Mexico for compliance with USMCA? Would this plant be more of an 
assembly plant with a large part of value-added in India, and what is your 
investment in Mexico plant?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Wow, a lot of questions rolled up into one question. So we are going ahead 
with phase one. It is currently in progress. Our first few customers are actually 
Mexico companies producing there. So it isn't for USMCA, for us at least, if that 
customer re-exports to US, that would be their thing. The first customer is 
actually not in the HS codes in the auto tariffs. So, as you know, heavy trucks, 
off-highway vehicles, etc. not included in the auto tariffs. So that's the first set 
of customers. Investment, etc. Rohit, you can talk about. 
Rohit Nanda:  
At this moment, we are looking to invest a number which is below $10 million. 
That's the first stage. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay. The second question is, are we largely done with the inventory 
restocking at the key customer? By when do you expect normalized sourcing 
from the customer? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Good question, but a little early to tell, as, Jinesh, I mean Jinesh is fairly well 
studied on this subject, so he will know it's only been a month since the new 
model launched. So how much time it will take to go to ramp up and go 
back to what the earlier model run rate was, we don't know, a little early. I 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
think we will know by the end of this quarter, by the end of June, that how 
much time will it take to get to the run rate of previous production. 
Kapil Singh:  
And third question is, how should we think about margins? FY25 adjusted for 
19 crores is around 25%. Should this be back to over 26% as the key customer 
production normalizes. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So two things there, One, 19 crores is just one thing that has been taken. There 
were also one-time cost this quarter which were fairly significant also, that we 
have not netted off. If we net that off, Rohit, that would be even a smaller 
number, right. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yes. Not disclosing that number, but the thing is that I hope you are adjusting 
19 crores both from revenue and profit. So, the margin is actually more closer 
to 26% if you were to do that, anyway, and yes, there are a few one-time 
costs which are in the P&L done in this quarter. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, how it will go forward will depend on how each different geography does. 
Again, we are only at the end of the first month, and tariffs still haven't kicked 
in the US, so we don't know what demand outlook will become. Second, 
railways, as you know, will start adding from 1st June. Now the moment you 
add an 18% EBITDA business to a 27% EBITDA  business, obviously the numbers 
will not stack up to the same 25-26. So end of next quarter we will give you a 
range, but if you just do the math that you take 27% is what we did 27%x80 
and do 18x20, you will come to somewhere closer to between 24 to 25. So 
that's very logical and mathematics. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, there are few more that have come in on the question box. This is from 
Ayan. Is there any impact of China's restriction on rare earth magnets on 
production of traction motors? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So I did cover that in the opening statement itself, but happy to do it again 
Ayan. We have inventory right now, so nothing yet. We are working with our 
suppliers to do get them the export licenses. Sat you can give more details 
on other efforts also we are trying to make. 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
We are also working on alternate raw material and the magnets both which 
are not having heavy earth. So, many front we are doing, I mean, we are 
working with the government officials, we are working with the suppliers, 
existing suppliers, new material, new grades, to ensure that's, I mean, we 
have the continuity of production in our lines. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Sat, but just to give everybody context, magnetization can be also 
achieved with lower grade magnets. They can even be achieved by ferrite 
magnets, to be honest. It just makes the motor much heavier, so it's not very 
efficient. There are different grades. Some things, heavy rare earth may not 
be available, some are. So there could be compromise on the product bit 
that you let go of certain weight restrictions in which we are working with our 
customers. So this is not an unsolvable problem. It can have some short-term 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
impact if we can solve it directly and get the supplies started in the next 4 or 
5 weeks. The impact is pretty much nothing. If not, also we are working on, 
like I said, Plan B, Plan C, Plan D, all sorts of plans. We're also exploring other 
sources and other suppliers who are not in China.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, then, another question we have from Rituraj. With respect to non-BEV 
business, our revenues have consistently declined for last 3 quarters on a YoY 
basis. Just wanted to understand the challenges the company is facing in this 
business. How do you expect this overall business to evolve in the next 18 to 
24 months? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So non-BEV revenue, there is no challenge as such. Non-BEV revenue is 
basically starter motors, which, as you know, although a lot of people would 
tell you that EV is not growing and ICE is growing, ICE is actually declining, so 
starter motor revenue is on a natural decline path as EV penetration goes, 
starter motors will decline, especially the ones which are pure diesel and 
gasoline, which obviously we shared in our product distribution. In Driveline, 
it's actually not anything to do with our thing. We have a large market share. 
However, if the industry, the underlying industry does not grow, it is obviously 
challenging to grow when you already have high market shares, especially 
in India. It can be explained why last year was not so good for commercial 
vehicles and, off highway vehicles, and hence that bit is there. But there's 
nothing, I'd say at the company level. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay. Then this question is from Kartik. Who do you think is likely to absorb the 
tariffs? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Okay, so as tariffs are taxes on whoever imports it, right. We mostly do either 
Ex-works or DAP, so we are exporters. We are not the importers. So tariff is paid 
by whoever imports it. Now 25% tariff is not something that can be absorbed 
by anyone because nobody makes 25% net margin. Which is why eventually 
the consumer, the end consumer pays for it in the form of higher end product 
prices is what eventually happens. And again, there is no such thing as like 
5% you take 5% I take. I saw some analyst who done a 25%, half the EBITDA 
and say 12.5% one person will take 12.5% other, which is the most simplistic 
way to look at it and the perhaps the wrongest way to look at it. It is going to 
be binary because what will happen when you have something that was, 
let's say ₹100, now it became 125. You can either ask the person who was at 
100, that, hey, my price has become 125, You give me a 25% discount. To the 
answer of that is, of course not. What do you do then is try to find someone 
who is lower than 125, right. But if you have done this to every country in the 
world, effectively the new price is 125. And hence either you find someone, 
in which case you will switch to the next guy, which is why I said that in 3% of 
our total revenue there is medium risk, but the risk is not a margin dilution. It is 
actually that that business might just disappear. They will give it to whoever, 
even if it's 5% less, it will just go. So that's how it plays out in real life. There is no 
distribution. Unfortunately, as has been observed over the last 100 years, 
whenever tariffs have been done and tariffs have been done in many 
countries. Eventually, the consumer pays is what the net conclusion is. One 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
example very close to home is if you ever bought expensive cars in India. I 
can guarantee you, BMW or BMW suppliers are not absorbing the tariff, you 
are. So you buy a car at double the price of what it would cost in Germany 
or UK because the Indian governments put those tariffs. Same thing. This is 
where it plays out, but yeah, of course, what is the impact that because the 
prices are high, far less numbers in volumes will be sold because the prices 
have become higher and demand is not completely elastic. It is inelastic. 
And how much inelasticity is there in the system, we will all together find out 
over the next 6 to 9 months.  
You know, I'm being asked all these economics questions. I took one elective 
in my final year of engineering, and I had one semester in my business school, 
and my total knowledge of economics is just that. 
Moderator:  
Okay, the next question is from Jay Kale. Hi Jay, your line is open. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Kale:  
Good evening. So my first question is, we have seen some of your US 
customers, you know, speak about past 2-3 months refocusing on some of 
their ICE projects given the you know, softness in EVs over there. So in that 
context, are you seeing any green shoots for your traditional ICE business in 
the coming years, which was expected to steadily decline? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Strangely, yes, so that's been one of the I'd say weird second order impact of 
all of this which is going on, that we are now suddenly getting starter motor 
RFQs which had kind of dried up, pretty much completely. Last couple of 
years we were not getting any starter motor RFQs. We have suddenly have a 
lot of starter motor RFQs. In fact, last quarter we won a couple of large starter 
motor orders, so different and again excellent question Jai, because what 
does it also speak because nobody will set up capacities, new capacities for 
a declining product it would mean people who are relatively better 
positioned which means they are outside China and maybe outside Europe, 
which pretty much means you have to be in India or US, you will get a lot of 
new orders, is what I think is a fairly visible second order impact. 
Jay Kale:  
My second question is regarding your Clear Motion and your suspension 
motor. You had a order win and probably the supplies would have started. 
Any conversations on this technology with other customers in advanced 
stages? How is this technology getting adopted by other customers, and we 
had mentioned about very big TAM, how is that progress going on with new 
customers? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, Sat do you want to update on the launch? This one is the one exception 
we'll make because it is disclosed. And the customer, end customer is Nio, so 
we can talk about that. 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Yes Vivek, so CMI launch or the Nio launch happened, in the last quarter. The 
vehicle which is ET9 is doing pretty good. We are getting a good reviews from 
our customers as well as from CMI. So far it's looking very great, I would say 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
and there is a lot of opportunities. We are in discussion with the customer on 
other vehicle applications. So it's a very nicely taken by the industry and it's 
doing a pretty good job, so. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Then Jay, if you can get some videos or any feedback from the Shanghai 
Auto Show, where this was displayed finally to the public in full, you'll see that 
it was quite well received. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, Vivek, there are a few more questions in the queue. I'll just read those 
out. This one is from Ajay. Are there any plans to open offices or factories in 
China as they seem to be leading EV vehicles? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  We have a plant in China, where we do these suspension motors, so we have 
a team there. So that's already there. Anything more, of course we are always 
exploring new opportunities, and I don't think if you want to succeed in 
automotive from a supply chain perspective or a market perspective, you 
can do it by ignoring China. I don't think ignoring China is a wise option. So 
we will continue to work. We are not political or ideological, we are a 
company. We will continue to work with our friends and customers in the US. 
We will continue to work with our friends and customers in China. And if there 
is opportunity, certainly. There is nothing concrete for a second plant, but if it 
happens, of course, we'll let you know. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, and then there is a question from Jinesh, a clarification: the one-time 
cost that is significant and not disclosed, is it related to acquisition of railways 
or something else? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Rohit, would you like to take that? 
Rohit Nanda:  
So, acquisition-related costs anyway are separately disclosed so that we've 
shown as an adjustment to PAT. So, this is some other one-time cost. 
Kapil Singh:  
And did you indicate adjusted margins would have been 27% without this 
cost? 
Rohit Nanda:  
So I think Vivek has broadly answered this. I think, the thing is that like I said in 
my commentary also there is a change in the product mix also. This quarter 
like we informed during our last quarter call also, because of certain model 
changes, there is one part of the business which was adversely impacted in 
this quarter. So suffice it to say I would add that basically the margins were 
lower in this quarter primarily because of the change in the product mix. So 
going forward, the margin obviously will be a function of how the product mix 
changes. I mean if it reverts back to the original product mix, yes, we revert 
back to the original, or earlier defined, you know, margin limits, which we say 
like 25 to 27% is the range which we give. So finally, that's the range it should 
be in. So we don't want to be pinned down to a specific number whether it 
is 27% or 28% or 25%. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, and then there is a question from Rishi. Sona was planning to develop 
a Magnetless motor. The constraints on rare earths pushed them to 
accelerate this development? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I would say yes, that would be the wise thing to do, that we should 
accelerate, there are limits. I think we have updated on this before that it 
wasn't reaching the required efficiency. The technology is very sound. The 
efficiency wasn't coming to that. But we will continue to work on that. It's 
good to accelerate that for sure. That is on Magnetless, but as you also know, 
I think in 2021 itself, we had announced the development of a non-rare earth, 
or rare earth free motors. Those we already have and as I mentioned that we 
can do them even as of today, but that requires a customer acceptance. 
Like I said, it does increase the weight of the motor, so we need customer 
approvals for those. Maybe customers will have more urgency and hence 
they will approve. But net net, I have to say one conclusion we have to draw 
that if any material’s supply can be used as a geo-strategic negotiating tool, 
we must find ways to counter that threat in the future. So it's a good wake up 
call that anything from anyone that you depend on totally, you should not. It 
is a less dependable world now. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, Vivek I had a couple of questions on your products. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  There's another question which is actually quite good from Shrivatsa. Let me 
just answer that because I can see the Q&A box. Does your software have 
adjacency for humanoid robots, because it is a really good one. See 
NOVELIC’s specialty is in radar sensors. So as of today, not really, because the 
first wave of humanoid robots that are being developed, we've explored this 
a great length by the way, are not going to be used in situations that are very 
hazardous. Radar comes into play when cameras are not enough, like you 
are going in rain, snow, where visibility can be restricted. Currently that is not 
the case, so there is limited applicability of radar, which is why motor and 
drive line is what we are focusing on. Also as a part of the bomb, it is just 
much, much bigger. 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, thanks. Actually that is what even I was going to ask. So then one more 
question is on the other new products. So what will be the content per 
vehicles for these products if you can give some indication, and would it be 
fair to say that one of the reasons that you have also won these orders despite 
the tariffs changes is because there is, there's no competition for this type of 
products. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Less competition. There is never no competition, by the way. Competition is 
what keeps you good. Competition directly causes excellence. A lack of 
competition is actually a very sad state to live in. So, there is limited 
competition on that scale of precision and a top delivery capability. And as 
Praveen very nicely depicted in the technology road map, the goal is to 
continue going from component to subsystem to system to ensure our 
customers get what they want, and their pain points are addressed. We really 
do not, I know it might sound ideological or philosophical, but what we're 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
trying to do is solve the customer's pain and give them that solution. Rather 
than say this is the value per vehicle that is… The customer doesn't decide 
because of what we want, the customer needs to get… so who do you put 
first? I know it's a philosophical point, but for us it's always going to be 
customer. What they want we should be able to do and give the best solution 
we can and not think of how much value do we get if your capabilities sets 
keep increasing and you solve bigger and bigger problem for your customer. 
The value you derive from that will obviously and naturally be higher and 
higher, so that's, our answer to this. 
Kapil Singh:  
Any indication on the value per vehicle? For both of these actually. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, there's no point. Why would I give out. I mean, you're asking me to give 
price while I'm saying it is competition sensitive, that'd be pretty self-goal type 
event. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, I think we've run out of all the questions in the question queue. I do see 
one raised hand, so, Linda will you take that question from Jay? 
Moderator:  
Yeah. Okay the next question from Jay. Hi Jay, your line is open. Please, 
please go ahead. 
Jay Kale:  
Yeah, thanks for taking my question again, just one question, you know, now 
with EV two wheelers present in the market for quite some time, from an EV 
specific components like motors, you know, strategy of OEMs of insourcing 
versus outsourcing, probably now would have been more evolved. Are you 
seeing, you know, one way the OEMs are going that either, you know, 
incrementally they're thinking of more of insourcing or do you think that, most 
of the OEMs will continue to have outsourcing of EV specific components. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I think there'll be a mix, as it has been in every component, Jay, over the 
years. Some will insource, some will outsource. Whoever is outsourcing at 
some point will tnihink it is a great idea to insource and vice versa. The guys 
insourcing will realize that their technology is falling behind. They will then 
move to outsourcing. This is a wave that's been going on in automotive for a 
very, very long time. You know, when we started making differential gears at 
that time also, most people used to make their own, even now a lot of OEMs 
actually make their own. But there has been, most people shifted from make 
to buy, but there are people who are in the middle go back for some model 
they'll try to develop on their own, etc. so that continues. The total market is 
so big, which is the one good thing about working in a large industry that you 
will always have room to grow despite all of these ways. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thank you team, I think we have run out of the questions, so I'll just pass it back 
to Vivek, for any choosing remarks. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, nothing. Thank you so much for listening. I know uncertainty is a terrible 
feeling for most of you. Most of you might be feeling worried or not knowing 
what answers are. I think one comfort that we can give is, regardless of how 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
much uncertainty there is, companies who do well are not the ones who sit 
in the middle of this fog and wait for this fog of uncertainty to pass, right. You 
have to try and move as close to the edge of the fog that whenever it starts 
dissipating, you're the first out. And we're fairly cognizant of that and try to 
move fast. So that's where we leave it. Amit is always there to answer your 
questions and please keep calling him. So that's all from us. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nomura, I would like to thank you for 
joining this call and also thank the management of Sona Comstar for giving 
us the opportunity to host this one. Have a good day everyone. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Kapil, thanks everyone, bye. 
Moderator:  
Thank you everyone for your time. You may now drop off the line. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
