 
 
 
 
NEL/101/2025-26 
 
 
 
 
 
                 Date: 22nd May, 2025 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
               Corporate Relationship Department 
               Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
               1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
               Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
               Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Ref: Symbol– NAVNETEDUL 
Ref: Scrip Code – 508989 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure of Transcript of Earning Call for Q4 FY 25  
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 15th May, 2025, wherein we had given you an advance intimation of 
the earning call with the investors and analysts. Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the transcript of earning 
call held on 20th May, 2025 to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of the Company for 
Q4 FY 25 results is attached herewith and available on the website of the Company at 
www.navneet.com . 
 
You are requested to take note of the above. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
FOR NAVNEET EDUCATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
AMIT D. BUCH 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
MEMBERSHIP NO. A15239 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Amit 
Dushyant 
Buch
Digitally signed by Amit Dushyant Buch 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=400077, 
l=Mumbai( Sub Urban ), st=Maharashtra, 
street=9, Chandraprabha Building Ghatkopar 
East, Mumbai  Sub Urban  , Maharashtra India- 
400077- Near Swami Narayan Mandir, 
title=0788, 
2.5.4.20=9616d6e9be15e1cf59638441d3d5c8ce
7ae5c429c6916035986ca6bdb3a3420f, 
serialNumber=e4149cc0f62195354a22e1e8e3fc
84e67947d33d54fc85ac1718fbdcbc9a5e5e, 
email=amit.buch@navneet.com, cn=Amit 
Dushyant Buch 
Date: 2025.05.22 15:50:51 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
Navneet Education Limited 
Transcript of Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on website of the Company will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
 
 
Navneet Education Limited Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Hosted by PL Capital 
− Moderator: 
− Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Navneet Education Limited Q4 
and FY25 earnings conference call hosted by PL Capital. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
− Jinesh Joshi: 
− Yeah, good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of PL Capital, I welcome you all to the Q4 
and FY25 earnings call of Navneet Education Limited. We have with us the 
management represented by Mr. Sunil Gala, who is the MD, Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia, 
CFO and Mr. Roomy Mistry, Head IR. I would now like to hand over the call to the 
management for opening remarks. Over to you, Sunil bhai.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Thank you, Jinesh and good afternoon to all of you. Thank you, Jinesh for also 
introducing all of us. Now, hope you all have received our Investor Presentation. For 
those who have not, they can view it on our stock exchanges and also on the 
company's website.  
− So, today I am pleased to share with you our company's performance for the recent 
quarter and full year 25. Let me admit, while we have faced some challenges, I am 
confident that our strategic initiatives and market trends, position us for growth and 
success in future.  
− In the year FY25, our revenue grew marginally by around 2.5%, in which Publication 
segment grew by just 3% and Stationery also grew very, very marginally. Let me 
straight go to each of these businesses.  
− I will start with the Content business. And, within Content, I will talk about 
Publications. So, our Publication subdued experienced subdued performance, which 
of course, I have been addressing in my earlier conferences as well. And as you all 
may recall, it is majorly due to the lack of change in syllabus in both the states of 
Maharashtra and Gujarat, for now the seventh consecutive year. Additionally, 

3 
 
second-hand book market continued to prevail due to this, resulting in below 
average counter sales; it means at the retailer's counter, and new books which 
generally is the trend. Now, going forward, the company is confident of growing for 
the next couple of years on account of change in curriculum cycle announced from 
FY26.  
− Now, moving forward, we remain focused on expanding our reach and strengthening 
our content portfolio, particularly on the CBSE side. And additionally, leveraging the 
digital platform to enhance distribution and accessibility. I am specifically referring to 
digital platforms, because in the Publishing side or on a Content side or on the usage 
side by the end users, the importance of digital is increasing day-by-day. Therefore, 
this strategic initiative will enable us to build our success and drive for a sustainable 
growth in Publication business.  
− Coming back to Stationery business, first I will talk about domestic i.e. all India. Now, 
you all may have noticed that actually we de-grew by 13% in FY25. Let me explain 
why. First and foremost, drop in paper prices resulted in reduction of product 
pricing, and hence, lower realization by around 9%. And of course, there was a 
volume drop also by around 4%. The reason of volume growth of 4% was mainly on 
account of competition from unorganized sector. Now, as the paper prices have 
stabilized, the trade is convinced about no further reduction in paper price. And 
hence, we anticipate that the orders would be placed by them confidently, expecting 
no further drop in the final product prices. So, till March, that was the biggest 
concern in the trade, that whether paper prices will further go down, and there is 
that the prices of the end product, which is stabilized now.  
− So, here also we are focused on strengthening our distribution network and 
exploring opportunities for product innovation to drive sustainable growth in the 
domestic stationery segment. Here, I should add that earlier, as you may know, that 
our major focus was on paper products. But recently, in last 6-8 months, we have 
started focusing on non-paper stationery products as well. A couple of them are 
already introduced in the market, and regularly every quarter we will be introducing 
various other products as well. So, our focus of strengthening our distribution 
network and exploring opportunities for product innovation, that will drive 
sustainable growth in the whole market.  
− So, let me repeat, but while near-term challenges persist, we remain very optimistic 
about long-term growth prospects of the segment, backed by our strong brand 
positioning, extensive market reach, new product range and commitment to 
delivering high quality products. 
− Post this, I'll talk about now Stationery business, overseas exports. No doubt, we 
were expecting around 15% growth in the export Stationery, but we could achieve 
12%. This new introduction of newer territories helped Navneet to expand its top 
line, even though, now this is very important, even though new rates were 
negotiated with the clients after reduction in paper prices. So, like domestic, even in 
exports, because of the reduction in paper prices, we had to reduce the end product 
prices also. But even though then, we have grown by around 12%.  

4 
 
− The major topic that every one of you may have in your mind about the US tariff’s 
effect on Navneet.  Since our major exports are to the US, that concern or that 
question is but necessary. So, I should convey here that the final positive or negative 
impact of the US tariffs is unknown till the final tariffs are decided by the US for each 
of the countries. Thankfully, the company has not faced any cancellation of orders till 
now. But when it comes to new seasons or deciding the volumes for each of the 
product category that we are in, all our customers are saying to wait and watch. 
They are not ready to comment anything because all of them are waiting for the final 
tariffs.  
− However, we are very positive on gaining the market share from our present and 
future product offerings in the US. Because when we talk to our customers, most of 
them want to favour more and more towards India. But then also, they are 
remaining non-committal today on a long-term basis, basis the decision on the 
tariffs. But here, apart from the tariffs, of course, it will be on all the products, but 
we plan to further expand our product portfolio to include both paper and non-
paper stationery items.  
− Overall, looking ahead, we are optimistic about the future prospects of our 
company. With the upcoming curriculum change that I mentioned, we expect to see 
an increase in demand of our publications, and therefore, it means volume growth. 
Additionally, our focus on exports and new product offering will continue to drive 
growth and increase our market share.  
− In terms of our competitive landscape, we believe that our company is well-
positioned to take advantage of the changing market trends. Our focus on quality 
innovation and customer satisfaction has allowed us to build a strong brand and 
reputation in the industry. I may remind you all, and which I have mentioned earlier, 
that particularly in exports, where there are huge opportunities, with most of our 
clients, Navneet is categorized as the preferred vendor. And therefore, we are very, 
very hopeful that if the tariffs are in favour of India, I am sure Navneet will benefit 
tremendously.  
− So, in conclusion, while we face some challenges in the recent quarters, we are 
confident that our strategic initiatives and market trends position us for growth and 
success in the future. We will continue to focus on delivering high quality products 
and services to our customers.  
− This is what I wanted to convey. I should thank all of you to have shown continued 
support and trust in our company. Now, I open the floor for questions and answers. 
Thank you.  
− Question & Answer Session: 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the Question & Answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you 
wish to withdraw from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 

5 
 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. I may repeat, if you wish to 
ask a question, you may press * and 1.   
− We have our first question from the line of Niraj Vijay from ProsperoTree. Please go 
ahead.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, my question is related to the Indiannica. Sir, what 
is the revenue and profit from the Indiannica in the financial year 2025 versus FY24?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Can I request my CFO Kalpesh to answer that, please?  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Please, please. Anyone, anyone can answer.  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, revenue from operations was about 55 crores compared to 59 crores in FY24.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Okay. And what is the profitability from the Indiannica?  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, at PAT level, there was a loss of 6 crore compared to 10 crore last year. 
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− And at EBITDA level?  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− EBITDA level, it is 1.6 crore loss versus break-even last year.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Okay. Sir, if I am not making mistake and I am not forgetting, in the Q3 concall also, it 
was suggested that Indiannica may report the Rs. 60 to 65 crores of the top line and 
will achieve the break-even. See, at the console level, the Q4, the major contribution 
comes from the…  at least in the publication division, the major contribution comes 
from the Indiannica, and Indiannica is not making positive contribution to the 
Navneet final at the console level. How long we will continue the Indiannica 
business, and what is our actual logic to continue and support the Indiannica 
business? I do not understand. Because this is the… I think 8 to 10 years has 
happened since acquisition, and still Indiannica is not positively contributing to 
Navneet. Can you explain something?  
 

6 
 
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yes, sure. And I fully agree with you that for several years, we have not been able to 
perform in an individual company level on the positiveness. I fully agree with you. 
Having said that, as a content provider for last several decades, and as you all know, 
that we were pioneer and we were successful in state-level extracurricular activity 
books i.e. guides, workbooks that we have been publishing. If you have ever read the 
recent trend of converting SSC schools to CBSE school, is rising at a very, very rapid 
pace.  
− Now, here the challenge that we are facing, likewise maybe all the publishers are 
facing, is going to each and every school to recommend for a textbook. In Navneet, 
we were always selling supplementary books, major sale was coming from the trade. 
Whereas at Indiannica, it is the textbook for which we have to visit each and every 
school on regular basis and get them recommended. Here, unhealthy competition is 
frankly coming in our way. Now, I do not know whether it is a short-term issue or a 
very long-term issue. Books together with digital content providers are very, very 
few in the country, or the level of digital that we are providing. The major loss that 
we are still seeing is because continuously we have to invest in digital products also, 
together with the textbook.  
− So, what I am saying is that, we are quite concerned ourselves about the financial 
numbers. But simultaneously, keeping CBSE focus away can be the biggest mistake 
for any publisher now. Therefore, we still continue this. Of course, we are learning 
on a regular basis on how to manage this unhealthy competition. So, I am sure… I do 
not want to commit now because I had myself said, but it has not come true. But I 
would say that we will have to improve upon as far as this individual business is 
concerned. 
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Thanks. Sir, but is it not advisable to merge the Indiannica business with the 
Navneet, so we can set off the loss incurred by Indiannica and we have a lower tax 
liability? Because otherwise, at the console level, we cannot set off what we pay tax 
at the standalone level and we are incurring the loss at the subsidiary level. So, is it 
not advisable to merge the Indiannica with Navneet, and with maintaining the 
Indiannica as a separate one. Not necessarily Navneet as a brand, but because the 
Indiannica is a 100% subsidiary of Navneet. So, is it not advisable?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− We are seriously considering that aspect. The reason of keeping it altogether 
different was the dynamics of selling products. The salaries of the sales team was 
very, very different than the state level curriculum sales business. That was the 
major reason of us keeping it separately. But now we are evaluating very seriously, 
and probably in some time we will decide on that as well.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Okay, thanks. That is from my side. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much and all the 
best, sir. 

7 
 
− Moderator: 
 
− Thank you. We have our next question from line of Himanshu Upadhyay from 
BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Hi, good afternoon. Continuing on this question about Indiannica. Can you give an 
idea of how many schools we approached this year versus FY24? And how many 
titles were subscribed per book, per school where we approached? And what has 
been the trend in last three years? And why the dip? Because it felt that we have 
increased our sales force and the number of schools we had approached this year 
was much larger than the previous year. So, some thoughts on that would be helpful 
to understand the challenges we are facing in the business.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, of course, we do not keep count of the number of schools that we visit. But basis 
this question, I can roughly say based on the projections that I recall, that in the 
earlier year we would have approached around 8,500 schools of which around 5,000 
schools would have been converted for one title to 3-4 titles. Versus this year, we 
may have approached nearly 10,000 odd but we could not increase the conversion. 
And the reason I already mentioned to the previous person, Mr. Niraj, that the 
unhealthy competition everywhere is coming in the way. But thankfully, in the state 
of Maharashtra and Gujarat where schools are getting converted from SSC to CBSE, 
there we are more or less quite successful. The success ratio is more than 80% there, 
to have this recommended. So, even for us to retain Maharashtra-Gujarat intact, this 
is necessary. And therefore, we still continue to do so.  
− But now, as far as per school, how many titles, to that level, we really cannot share 
as well. But overall, the reason of de-growth as well as the losses which I mentioned 
to the earlier person, remains the same.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− And how is the Grafalco brand doing? And does it really make sense that Grafalco 
and Indiannica having two separate brands when they are trying to have this niche 
market?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah, this is typical trend in CBSE schools. So, the trend is that no school continues 
for the same title for more than 3-4 years; they need a different title, different style 
of product. And therefore, most of the large publishers in the country, they have 
their minimum two to maximum five brands coming from the same company. So, 
even if school wants to change from one brand to another, they can do so. But 
simultaneously, it benefits to the same company. And that is the reason we have 
kept Grafalco.  
− The other reason Grafalco that we have kept here is, Grafalco focuses only on pre-
primary and up to Grade 5. It does not publish beyond Grade 5. And these products, 

8 
 
apart from selling it into the CBSE schools, we do sell them in SSC English medium 
schools as well. And for that, if we merge Indiannica brand with Grafalco, also may 
create some confusion internally, frankly. And therefore, we have kept this separate.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Okay. Okay. And one thing, we had that digital solution, TopClass and TopScorer and 
all those, which got merged. But we wanted to continue with our digital journey. 
What progress has been made in this FY25? And is it really working, or we are not 
working on that phase?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− If we were not continuing our digital journey, it would have really dampened our 
physical sales of books across. So, I am just not talking about CBSE, but for SSC as 
well. And therefore, we have to consider that as a cost of production now. Of course, 
we have an individual product called TopClass and TopScorer. That of course, we 
have that as an offering to the school. But now, every book that we come up with, 
has some or the other digital component in it. So, I would say that of course, our cost 
has increased there, and we have not been able to or we are purposefully not trying 
to pass on that to the end customer and are consuming ourself. And therefore, you 
saw that our EBITDA margin has come down if we compare it with five years ahead. 
So, we are okay with that to continue for next couple of years. And of course, finally, 
we will try and pass on the same to the end customer. But till we successfully get this 
implemented, the user base increases for this, we would like to consume ourselves 
the cost and offer to the student community.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Okay. And in next FY26, what measures are you thinking about our CBSE business? 
What can we improve and change and target that business? So, any thoughts here 
will be helpful.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, here now the target given to our sales team is, instead of focusing more on 
number of schools, they should focus more titles in the same school. And therefore, 
we are trying to concentrate on major cities and not trying to grow exponentially in 
the other cities or smaller cities. That way, there will be reduction in expenses and 
our focus to increase more titles in the same school would benefit with better 
volumes from each of the schools. So, this is the action plan that we have designed 
after the performance of FY25.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Okay. Thanks… 
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− And of course, I should also mention to all of you that as far as technology is 
concerned, you might have read some social media advertisements also, we have 
come up with a great AI solution for the teacher community, which we are not 

9 
 
charging for the current year and are giving it for free. And we have decided to give 
to around 1,000 schools. And this is not restricted to CBSE schools, but as well it is 
offered to SSC schools also.  
− The way we are seeing the usage of that tool in the schools, we are very encouraged 
that this type of facility to the teacher, really saves huge time effort of the teacher 
on their day-to-day activities, and that will really make us glued in the school for a 
very long period. So, this is one major initiative that we have taken and have 
introduced. And I think as we know, we are the only publisher in the country offering 
this solution for the teachers.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Okay. Thank you from my side. I will join back in the queue for further questions.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from line of Viraj from SiMPL. Please go 
ahead.  
− Mr. Viraj Kacharia – SiMPL: 
− Yeah, just couple of questions. First on the CBSE business segment. Can you give 
some colour what is the sales profitability of Navneet RISE in 2025? And just going a 
little deeper into the competitive aspect in CBSE, which you alluded now, if you see 
post NEP, the thinking was that, given the kind of digital capability one would require 
with the content change, one would see a consolidation and competition intensity 
would be much lesser in CBSE. But your comments say otherwise. So, can you kind of 
give a deeper perspective on what is running on the competitive aspect?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Now, of course, there are more than 600-800 publishers, who may not be publishing 
all the titles in their company, but with whatever that they come up with, they try to 
see that their titles get sales. Now, unfortunately, they have very limited sales 
expenditure or advertisement expenditure. Sales expenditure is one of the biggest in 
CBSE book business. And therefore, they are able to offer higher discounts. Now that 
higher discounts per se attract schools to recommend those titles. So, that is one of 
our biggest concerns that we are facing.  
− I do not recall having talked about consolidation in the industry. But I did recall 
having said this for our domestic stationery. If paper prices were to further go up, 
then there was huge possibility of consolidation. So, in this, we are not seeing 
consolidation. What we have now decided, that instead of fighting on the discounts 
with each and every school, we are trying to see what else can we provide to them, 
what additional features can we provide to them, and that should attract them to 
buy our product without looking at the discounts only. So, that is the way to succeed 
in this business on a long term basis. That we have started implementing, rather 
introducing this, particularly what I mentioned about AI. So, with that, the clearness 
to continue using our products should increase, and more and more new customers 

10 
 
should get attracted. So, that is the endeavour that we are focusing on. And that 
should bring us a better volume going forward.  
− Mr. Viraj Kacharia – SiMPL: 
− And on Navneet RISE, can you just give some perspective?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, Navneet RISE, our focus has been always Maharashtra and Gujarat, majorly. So, 
our 80-85% of the revenue comes from these two states only. Whichever schools 
have got themselves converted to CBSE, we are offering them RISE series. So, for 
FY25, of the total publication sales, standalone publication sales, the RISE would 
have contributed around 35 crores. And we are sure that as and when other schools 
get converted to CBSE or they grow in number of standards, because each converted 
CBSE may not have all the 10 grades with them. And therefore with all this, we 
should… at least we want to retain our two core states with us, and whatever is 
required by those schools, we would like to offer it to them. So, as far as number is 
concerned, I did ,mention. And the reason of RISE and a special product focus on 
Maharashtra, Gujarat also I mentioned.  
− Mr. Viraj Kacharia – SiMPL: 
− Second question is on the export piece. Can you give some perspectives in terms of 
contribution of new categories of products, say in FY25? How much those would 
have contributed? Categories of products introduced in last 2-3 years? And in terms 
of the tariff part, if you can just also give some perspective, how does the contracts 
are arrived at with our customers in US? So, typically here the tariff, whatever is 
applicable currently, who bears the tariff impact?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− I will answer first your last question on the way contracts are designed. So, most of 
our customers, we enter into a yearly contract. Yearly contract, meaning starting 
from January till August. I am talking about US customers and where our major 
businesses. So, there the contract is fixing on a price of a product and tentative 
volumes that they are expecting. So, with these two, we arrive at our production 
planning. And for every month, they go on releasing the quantities to us for their 
requirements. This is the way it is designed.  
− So, for one calendar year practically, you can say, the price is fixed and the volumes 
are more or less estimated. Based on this, we start planning ourselves. So, now when 
we go for the next year season, it will all depend on the final outcome of the tariffs, 
and based on that, we will come to know what kind of volumes are possible from 
them.  
− And your first question was on? New category contribution. So, in last not 3 but 4 
years, we have focused more on file folders made of plastic or couple of metal 
products. So, happy to say that file folder itself is contributing nearly 17 to 18% of 
our total revenue of exports. Metal is still a very small. It is hardly, I should say, 1% or 
so. Now that they have experienced our product and quality, I am sure now they will 

11 
 
start increasing volume for the products that we are sending, as well as new items in 
the same material that they will start giving us. So, it is a journey that we have to be 
with them and satisfy them, which we are feeling we are very confident and happy 
that we have fulfilled all their requirements till now.  
− Mr. Viraj Kacharia – SiMPL: 
− So, just two questions on this, and then I will come back in queue. One is, you did say 
that it takes somewhere between 2-3 years for the trial evaluation and the ramp up 
to happen. So, among the categories which you have introduced, are there 
categories which you think they are now at a mature stage and should see faster 
scale up? And second parallel question is on the Capex.  What is the Capex you are 
looking to spend for next two years?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yes. So, categories are many that are under pipeline, under discussion with the end 
customers, rather our customers. And this includes more and more ranges on 
canvas, which is the cotton as a raw material. So, canvas products and some wooden 
products, which are used as a stationery product. So, these are two categories that I 
can mention. I will not be able to discuss more about other categories that we are 
evaluating.  
− And secondly, the Capex that you asked, so of course, there was some capex made 
already, but it's still shown in working capital because we have not operationalized 
yet. So, that number will be around 50 crores, which the production facility will start 
by July. And further, we have decided to invest at least 100 crores every year in 
Stationery business, which will include buying of a land also, construction and 
machinery. So, all put together, sometime it may go to 100, 50 or 150, but it will be 
on an average 100 crores will be spent in next three years.  
− Mr. Viraj Kacharia – SiMPL: 
− Okay. I will come back in the queue. Thank you.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Arihant from Bowhead. 
Please go ahead.  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Hi, sir. Please can you tell regarding Gujarat state specifically, which subjects or 
grade the curriculum is changing this year, and what are the expectations for next 
year?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− One minute. Roomy, by any chance, do you recall which all subjects are changing in 
Gujarat?  
 

12 
 
− Mr. Roomy Mistry - Head Investor Relations, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, yeah. Just a minute. So, in Gujarat, there are a couple of changes of limited 
subjects in Grade 6 and 7.   
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Okay. Any expectation for next year? Like in Maharashtra state, changes happening 
grade wise. So, in Gujarat also, like for next year, will it happen… curriculum change 
will happen grade wise only or will it happen subject wise only?  
− Mr. Roomy Mistry - Head Investor Relations, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah. So, it is grade wise. And in the grades also, there are specific subjects that are 
going to change.  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Okay. And sir, my other question was on paper prices. Like since the start of this 
year, has the price increased or decreased and what is your outlook for the future 
for paper prices?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− No. Since last February, the prices are stabilized. It has not increased, neither 
decreased. So, at least for next six months, we are not forcing any paper price 
increase.  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Okay. And I wanted to know, have we introduced the new product paper and non-
paper in domestic stationery market? When did we introduce that and how has the 
response been so far? And what is the growth we are expecting in Stationery 
domestic segment this year?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Your voice is little subdued. But what I understand, the growth prospects in non-
paper stationery products, right?  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Growth in overall Stationery, domestic stationery. What we are expecting? And the 
products which we have introduced, paper and non-paper, how has the response 
been from the market for those products?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, we have introduced most of the new products in the month of March only. And 
as we are in May, the response has been quite positive. The appreciation on quality 
aspect is seen. The real test for us is the month of June, when the actual users go 
into the retail trade and buy the products. That will be the real test for us. And we 
will see then that what is the repeat of each of these items. But as far as trade is 

13 
 
concerned, they are very happy with the new quality, new designs that we have 
come up with.  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Okay, sir. And sir, my last question would be regarding exports. In FY25, what would 
be the price decline which we have taken? Can you provide price and volume growth 
data for export stationery?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− You are saying price growth and volume growth?  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Yeah, in FY25.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− What was the price? Oh, price, I mentioned in my speech, particularly paper 
products, we had to reduce the prices because of the reduction in paper prices. So, 
price reduction would be to the extent of around 8 to 9%. That would be the 
reduction in paper products. Whereas other category, that 20-odd percent that I 
mentioned, there we did not have to reduce the prices.  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Okay. Thank you, sir. I will join the queue. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ranjan Shah, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Yeah, Sunil bhai, good afternoon. How are you?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Very fine, Ranjan bhai. 
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Sunil bhai, I have very straight question actually, a couple of them. One is that, I 
think this year you reported a turnover of about 1,786 crores on a console level.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah.  
 
 

14 
 
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− And the profit was at about 174 crores, down by about 5% compared to 183 crores, 
normalized.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Kalpesh, can you comment on that, please?  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Ranjan bhai, can you repeat, please?  
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− See, can you hear me?  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah.  
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− No, no. I actually basically wanted to ask Sunil bhai one question that this year you 
reported 1,786 crores top line and 174 crores of bottom line. Now, similarly on a 
consolidated basis, normalized operations, what are your projections for FY26 and 
FY27, internal projections? If you can share those with us, it could be really helpful.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Hello? Kalpesh, are you answering?  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah. So, Ranjan bhai, you are asking for the projection of normalized profits for… 
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− No, no. Kalpesh, first talk about FY25 numbers that he is asking.  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah, he is correct. He is reading from our Investor Presentation.  
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Yeah. Investor presentation shows that you reported 1, 786 crores of top line and 
174 crores of bottom line for FY25. Now, my question to you is that, what are your 
similar projections for FY26 and FY27? If you can share, it would be really helpful to 
us. Because understanding exports, Stationery, domestic stationery, Publication, 
syllabus change, all these things put together, what are your projections, internal 
projections for FY26 and FY27? Basically, how much kind of revenue growth are we 
foreseeing in FY26 and FY27? And similarly, what kind of profit growth are we 
projecting for FY26 and FY27?  

15 
 
− And also, the last question, what is the current net cash on the books of the 
company? And what is the total debt?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, I will answer that. So, as far as debt is concerned, as we speak, we have hardly 
few around 30 odd crores debt on our books. And as far as projections are 
concerned, Ranjan bhai, this all depends on how much can we really grow volumes. 
Because if we stick to the same volumes without increasing the pricing, the bottom 
line but obviously will be down. So, as far as volume growth is concerned at a 
company level, we are foreseeing that on an average 10 to 11% volume growth, we 
will see. If I talk about Publication around 6-7%, exports around 20-odd percent, and 
domestic around 5-6% again. So, on an average console basis, we will see a volume 
growth of 12%. And with that, the bottom line also should grow by around 10%. So, 
this is the expectation for FY26.  
− FY27, I would like to not like to comment today because it is too early for me to 
comment on FY27.  
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Fine. So, basically, approximately 200 crores of net profit on a console basis, we can 
expect for the next… for the current year FY26, approximately 200 crores of net 
profit.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yes, yes, yes. 
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Okay. And sir, what is the total net cash on the books of the company right now, as 
we speak?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Kalpesh.  
− Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, as Sunil bhai just mentioned, we are in debt at present. So, as on now, as on 
today, we have only debt of 20 crores. So, there are no cash on the balance sheet.  
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Okay, there is no cash on the balance sheet.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− This is not a time where we would have a cash. We will have maximum cash in the 
month of September.  
 

16 
 
− Mr. Ranjan Shah – Individual Investor: 
− Right, right. Okay. Fine, fine. Thank you so much.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from line on. Niraj Vijay from ProsperoTree, 
please go ahead.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Thanks for the one for an opportunity again. Am I audible, sir?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yes, please.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Yeah, yeah. My question to Sunil Bhai only. Sir, I would like to know the what are the 
major likely positives for the company for the next two years? Is it the syllabus 
change or higher export of stationery or turnaround of the Indiannica? What are the 
bright spots for the company currently? What do you are thinking that these are the 
bright spots on which the company can encash it?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− You yourself answered, frankly, all of them, which is the curriculum change cycle for 
next four continuous years we are very sure of. That will help Publication growth as 
well as profitability. Exports of Stationery growth is quite, quite sure. Just one 
caveat, that if some very, very adverse tariff comes on the country, then we may not 
hold ourselves right. So, that is the only risk factor that we see. And thirdly, in 
domestic market also, instead of just focusing on paper-based stationery products, 
introducing various non-paper stationery products in the market, these are the three 
areas where we believe, rather all the three businesses we should be better off than 
FY25. And I am talking about long term.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Okay. Sir, in a reply to one question, you mentioned that the prospective export 
buyer or buyers, have they postponed the decision to place new order, or the 
pipeline is weaker because there is a possibility that higher tariff will be imposed by 
the USA. Is that a case or is it the normal business as the last year?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Till date, it is normal. Whatever orders that we were expecting for the year based on 
the contracts that we have entered into, have come in. So, more or less, the final 
dispatches would be around 15th of June for the US territory, and that would be 
over. So, their back-to-school season, which starts from August every year, for that, 
whatever that they had committed, have bought. Now, we are talking about going 

17 
 
forward, next subsequent year. For that, I think we all will have to wait till the final 
decision on tariffs.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− By the end of this quarter, we may come to know that whether there be any new 
fresh order or will the tariffs stop us?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, when we, when we have our concall, we would be clear because, I believe those 
90 days gets over on 9th of July. So, by then we should be clear.  
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− But the current orders are in progress, as per time schedule.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not a single order cancelled. 
− Mr. Niraj Vijay - ProsperoTree: 
− Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Amit Khetan - Laburnum Capital: 
− Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, in the Publication segment, can you just 
give a breakdown of the split between Gujarat and Maharashtra and provide some 
commentary on the dynamics of both markets? Are they different? Are you facing 
challenges in any of these states? And do you expect similar growth rates in these 
two states?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, the split between Gujarat and Maharashtra this year has been 64% Maharashtra 
and 36% around Gujarat, if we just take total of these two states. I am saying this 
because we have some sales beyond Maharashtra, Gujarat also, majorly in CBSE 
titles that we publish from Navneet. Therefore, I am saying this is the split between 
the two states.  
− And growth, I am sure it will be the same percentage which I mentioned, 6-7%, 
because here one standard, all the titles are changing, whereas there, it is though 
couple of subjects, but the higher standard is changing. And therefore, we are sure 
that the growth will be the same in both the states.  
− Mr. Amit Khetan - Laburnum Capital: 
− Got it. And you mentioned a growth of 6-7%, that is in volume terms, right?  

18 
 
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Only volume terms, yeah. 
− Mr. Amit Khetan - Laburnum Capital: 
− Are you planning to increase the price?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− No, we are not planning to increase the end-product prices. There is no reason. 
− Mr. Amit Khetan - Laburnum Capital: 
− Okay, got it. Thank you. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Arihant from Bowhead. 
Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Yeah. Hi, sir. Can you guide on margin terms for Publication and Stationery like for 
this year FY26, how much higher or lower in percentage terms will they be compared 
to last year? Because this year we have advantage of low-cost inventory as well. So, 
any rough guidance on how much the margin will be higher this year compared to 
last year?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Going forward, you are asking me?  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Yeah, going forward, in FY26. Yeah.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, if we achieve volumes that I just mentioned, then margins should definitely 
improve by nearly 150 to 200 basis points in Publishing business. In Stationery, 
frankly, we do not have that benefit of passing on, because as and when the paper 
prices are changing, we have to change the end product prices also.  
− Mr. Arihant Baid – Bowhead India Fund: 
− Okay. Thank you, sir. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from line of Shubham Sehgal from SiMPL. 
Please go ahead. 
 

19 
 
− Mr. Shubham Sehgal - SiMPL: 
− Hello. Am I audible?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yes, Shubham.  
− Mr. Shubham Sehgal - SiMPL: 
− I just had one question on our Stationery export business. So, like the current 
product portfolio which we have and the newer products which we are introducing, 
do we have any products which come under the exemption list from the tariffs? And 
are we planning to trade products from that list?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− As far as our knowledge is concerned, all stationery exports from India to the US, all 
carry same tariff as of now. So, I do not know any exemption list within Stationery. 
So, if you are aware, please let us know which particular stationery product is 
exempted. We are not aware about it.  
− Mr. Shubham Sehgal - SiMPL: 
− Okay. Anyway, on the domestic stationery, as we mentioned that we saw around 3-
4% volume drop. So, going forward, let us say for the next 2-3 years, what is our plan 
for domestic stationery? How do we grow marginally in domestic market?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− By only introducing new and new category of products. We want to then grow our 
business on top line basis also and little bit improve our bottom line also. But getting 
into our non-paper stationery products. Paper stationery as a category to improve 
margin is becoming bit difficult now.  
− Mr. Shubham Sehgal - SiMPL: 
− So, currently what will be the mix of paper and non-paper stationery products in 
domestic? Is non-paper right now negligible or…?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yes, our non-paper contribution is hardly 3%... one minute. Around 8% FY25. But 
meanwhile, these products, we were selling for many years. Of late, we had 
redesigned, repackaged these products, have brought more variety of products in 
there, which we have recently introduced from the month of March. As a percentage 
to total Stationery business in the country, non-paper percentage should rise faster.  
− Mr. Shubham Sehgal - SiMPL: 
− Okay, got it. So, apart from product introductions, are we also looking to maybe 
acquire players in the domestic stationery, because other competitors have been 
doing the same?  

20 
 
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− At present, we do not have such plans.  
− Mr. Shubham Sehgal - SiMPL: 
− Okay, got it. Thank you.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Madhur Rathi - Counter Cyclical Investments: 
− Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding our 
Stationery business margin. So, if I look at our overall domestic plus exports, you said 
that it is difficult to improve margins in our paper segments. So, what is the steady 
state margin can we expect going forward from FY26 in the segment overall?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− One minute. So, steady state, you can consider 12% to 13% EBITDA margin.  
− Mr. Madhur Rathi - Counter Cyclical Investments: 
− Sir, this was much higher when we… I think, last two to two, three quarters back, we 
were considering more than 15% in the EBIT margin for our export business and 12-
13 for our domestic business. But combined 12-13. So, has anything changed 
particularly for us to have such a conservative number?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, in the domestic business, it has further gone little down. Export, it has been 15-
16%. So, therefore, if we combine both the revenues of both the businesses, I 
mentioned 12-13%. And we have been showing the same or we have been achieving 
the same for last couple of years. Sometimes, because of this sudden change in the 
raw material prices, we see variation one of 1%, 1.5% here and there, but these are 
all time-bound decisions that we have to take.  
− Mr. Madhur Rathi - Counter Cyclical Investments: 
− Got it. Sir, what is the tariff for export of India versus any other… I mean, China or 
any other competitors that would have? And currently tariffs, are we currently 
paying it for our customers and getting it back, or how is the accounting done for 
that?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, we are not concerned about tariffs levied on to our customers. So, it is their 
responsibility to pay those tariffs. So, we have nothing to do with tariff today. And as 
far as comparing tariffs between the two countries, I think major exports are from 
China, where the tariffs, general tariffs are 30%, versus from India, it is 10%.  

21 
 
− Mr. Madhur Rathi - Counter Cyclical Investments: 
− Okay, got it. So, thank you so much and all the best. Sir, just one more question, sir. 
We mentioned that paper prices will be flat for the next six months. So, majority of 
our business will happen in the next six months. So, is it fair to assume that the 
volume growth of 10-11% should translate to value growth for FY26?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Yeah, if it is volume growth, the same percentage you should consider for value 
growth also.  
− Mr. Madhur Rathi - Counter Cyclical Investments: 
− Okay, sir. So, no impact of rising paper prices or nothing like that, right?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− No, no, no, no.  
− Mr. Madhur Rathi - Counter Cyclical Investments: 
− Okay, sir. Sir, thank you so much and all the best.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from 
BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Yeah, hi. My question was, we have some of those investments like SFA Play, where 
we were very optimistic on. So, what happened in FY25, and how has that business 
progressed? And also, if you can tell about other investments which we have had 
historically, like beGalileo or Tinkerly?  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, I think both the small investments, even though one of the companies is closed, 
which we have already written off… which one was that? Not beGalileo. Tinkerley. 
That was have already written off. On beGalileo also, we are writing off every year 
some or the other amounts. The company is still in operation, but we have no more 
hopes from that company.  
− As far as SFA is concerned, the good news is that the demand for such companies is 
rising very, very fast. The problem is people spending more on these businesses for 
their company’s awareness creation. Since they’re not able to get good advertisers 
or sponsors for the events, the company is still making losses. Simultaneously, 
various State and Central Governments are continuously offering them for the 
opportunity of managing the sports or every event.  
− So as far as numbers are concerned, they just did around 80 odd crores revenue last 
year, with a loss of around 25 crores last year.  

22 
 
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− And, the number of events, how has that scaled up? 
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− So, in nine states they conducted the event. And major loss is on account of the SFT 
Championship that they conduct in these nine states, where the major losses are 
incurred, where as I said, they’re not able to attract yet, advertisers or sponsors. But 
number of schools participating or the number of children participating in it, is 
increasing.  
− Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay - BugleRock PMS: 
− Okay. Thank you from my side.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
− Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd: 
− Thank you. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we 
have been able to address most of your queries. If you still are left with any queries, 
kindly get in touch with our Investor Relations department. I also thank Jinesh of 
Prabhudas Lilladher to have helped us conduct this concall. And once again, thank 
you all.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. On behalf of PL Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. you may not disconnect your lines.  
 
− END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
