Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
5th Floor, Sunteck Centre, 37-40 Subhash Road, Vile Parle (East), Mumbai 400057. Tel: +91 22 4287 7800 Fax: +91 22 4287 7890  
Website: www.sunteckindia.com CIN: L32100MH1981PLC025346    Email Id: cosec@sunteckindia.com  
Date: 9th May, 2025 
SRL/SE/12/25-26  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SUNTECK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 512179 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q4 and Full Year FY 2025 results and 
Business Updates 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our letter 
dated 5th May, 2025, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Q4 
and Full Year FY 2025 results and Business Updates. The said transcript is also uploaded on the 
website of the Company. This can be accessed at the link below: 
https://www.sunteckindia.com/images/investor/financial/1746792766_Sunteck-Realty-Ltd-Earning-Call-Transcript-May-05-2025.pdf 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Sunteck Realty Limited 
Rachana Hingarajia 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
RACHANA 
VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA
Digitally signed by 
RACHANA VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA 
Date: 2025.05.09 
18:54:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMAL KHETAN – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. PRASHANT CHAUBEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. ABHISHEK SHUKLA – VP (STRATEGY & INVESTOR 
RELATIONS) 

 
Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sunteck Realty Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q4 FY25.We have with us today, Mr. Kamal Khetan – the Chairman and 
Managing Director of the Company, Mr. Prashant Chaubey – the Chief Financial Officer and 
Mr. Abhishek Shukla – the Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. 
Please note that this call will be for 30 minutes and for the duration of the conference call, all 
participants will be in listen only mode. This Conference Call is being recorded and the 
transcription of the same may be put up on the website of the Company. 
After the Management's discussion, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. There 
will be a Question-&-Answer session, and we request to restrict questions to two per participant. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Before I hand the conference over to the Management, I would like to remind you that certain 
statements made during the course of this call may be based on historical information or facts 
and may be forward looking statements including those related to business standards, plans and 
strategies of the Company, its future financial condition and growth prospect. These forward-
looking statements are based on the expectations and projections and may involve a number of 
risk and uncertainty and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunity, and growth 
potential to differ materially from those suggested by such statements. 
I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Khetan – the Chairman and Managing Director 
of the Company. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kamal Khetan: 
A very good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us today. I would like to take you 
through the key developments for this period. 
To start on positive note, we have registered our highest ever pre-sales of Rs. 870 crores for the 
4th Quarter of FY25 which led to the highest ever full year pre-sales of over Rs. 2,500 crores for 
FY25, registering a robust growth of 32% over FY24. With this, we have grown faster in FY25 
versus previous year, and we are confident of achieving similar growth in FY26 with higher 
margins. Sales contribution was from all projects, especially our Uber-Luxury projects in 
Mumbai. These sales give us better margins as well. The net GDV as of FY25 stands at about 
Rs. 40,000 crores which has grown nearly three times from FY22. We continue to focus on 
acquisition with higher EBITDA margins. We have spent more than Rs. 180 crores towards new 
acquisitions in FY25. I am confident of announcing a few new acquisitions very soon. We have 
generated a strong net operating cash flow surplus of Rs. 374 crores in FY25. 
Our balance sheet remains strong with a net cash surplus of Rs. 125 crores. Our net debt to equity 
has improved from (-0.02x) in 3rd Quarter of FY25 to (-0.04x) at end of 4th Quarter of FY25. 

 
Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
As we move ahead in FY26, we remain focused on value-accretive project additions and more 
projects coming up for revenue recognition. We are confident of surpassing the margins of the 
previous years. 
I shall now hand over the call to Prashant Chaubey to take you through the financial performance 
of the full year FY25. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I trust you have had the opportunity to go through our latest Results 
and the Investor Presentation which are published on our Company Website and the Stock 
Exchanges. I would like to take this opportunity to share brief update on “Financial” and 
“Operational Performance” of Quarter 4 and full year of FY25. 
The key details are: 
We sold Rs. 2,531 crores worth of area in full year FY25 which is a 32% growth over FY24 pre-
sales of Rs. 1,915 crores. During Quarter 4 FY25 pre-sales registered a growth of 28% booking 
value of Rs. 870 crores as compared to Rs. 678 crores in the same quarter last year. Collections 
for FY25 stood at Rs. 1,255 crores as compared to Rs. 1,236 crores in FY24 resulting in a net 
cash flow surplus of Rs. 374 crores. 
The cash flow ROCE stood at 16%. Consolidated cash flow ROCE of past three years stands at 
a weighted average of 20%. 
On the profit and loss front, operating revenue grew by 51% year-on-year for the full year ended 
FY25 to Rs. 853 crores in comparison to Rs. 565 crores in the same period in the last financial 
year. EBITDA stood at Rs. 186 crores in FY25, 58% growth over FY24 EBITDA of Rs. 117 
crores. EBITDA margin stood at 22%. We reported net profit of Rs. 150 crores which is 112% 
growth over FY24 Net profit of Rs. 71 crores in FY24. 
For Quarter 4 FY25 operating revenue grew by 27% to Rs. 206 crores quarter-on-quarter and 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 69 crores. EBITDA margin for Quarter 4 FY25 stood at 33%. 
On a quarterly basis our EBITDA margin starting from Quarter 1 of FY25 has shown steady 
improvement of 10% in Quarter 1 FY25 to 22% in Quarter 2 FY25, 30% in Quarter 3 FY25 and 
ended the year with 33% in Quarter 4 FY25. We reported a net profit of Rs. 50 crores. Our net 
debt to equity stands at (-0.04x) with a net cash surplus of Rs. 125 crores during FY25. 
Thank you. With this we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sachet Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Good set of numbers. I wanted to understand what is the pre-sales split between Napean Sea and 
BKC which is in our Uber-Luxury ones. 

 
Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Our sales for BKC in Quarter 4 was Rs. 150 crores and our sales in Napean Sea was Rs. 423 
crores. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Okay. Also, for the pre-sales at Nepean Sea, what kind of agreement are we doing? Because I 
think it is not yet RERA launch, right? and has the old building of Baug-e-Sara demolition 
started? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, the last question first. Old building of Baug-e-Sara demolition has started in full swing and 
what we have assigned now more areas to our high-profile owners and tenants of this existing 
building under the permissible norms under that we are doing this new sale that is a part of pre-
sale. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Okay. So, it is existing people who are living there. 
Kamal Ketan: 
Yes, who have the ownership rights and the tenancy rights. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Okay, also sir what is the status of our Dubai project? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, the Dubai project as we have always been mentioning is obviously under the approval and 
designing stage and we will be looking to launch towards the latter part of the FY’26 or early 
FY’27. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Just one more question from my end, which are the projects, which are going to lead our pre-
sales for the next two quarters especially in Premium-Luxury and the Aspirational-Luxury one? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, we all know that Uber-Luxury is doing better than Premium-Luxury and Premium-Luxury 
is doing better than Aspirational-Luxury. So, Uber-Luxury will take more lead than Premium-
Luxury but nevertheless there are lot of launches which are coming, new launches for us in 
Premium-Luxury as well so I think both will drive maximum growth, definitely much better 
than Aspirational-Luxury. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, congratulations, a good year for us both in terms of pre-sales 
as well as P&L profitability. The first question is on next year’s growth what are the likely 
projects which are now going to contribute in terms of growth and status in terms of launches 
for each of those if you can provide that would be very helpful. Thank you. 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Pritesh for the launches definitely we are looking forward for the formal launch of Sunteck 
Nepean Sea Road project which is of GDV value of, on the current status more than Rs.5000 
crores and the 5th Avenue at ODC Goregaon West which is for one tower of GDV value of more 
than Rs.1,500 crores and Sunteck’s Skypark one more tower which we look to launch in this 
current financial year which is again close to GDV value of Rs.700 crores. Then Sunteck’s Beach 

 
Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Residences Vasai which again we will be launching, SBR again one or may be two towers with 
a GDV value of close to, both the towers put together Rs.400 crores to Rs.450 crores and then 
one new phase of Sunteck World Naigaon which is again close to Rs.350 crores. So all these 
new launches what we are planning to see in this current financial year and with which we are 
confident that we will achieve our similar pre-sales growth what we have achieved in FY’25. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sir, even Dubai right while you mentioned. 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Dubai we are not considering although in this pre-sales but we are trying our best to see that 
we can launch in FY’26 or else early FY’27. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay. If at all if it is early FY’27 what would be causing that delay? Is it regulatory thing or --  
Kamal Khetan: 
It will be the approvals, nothing else obviously approvals and it is that the designing stage work 
we were contemplating the mix of the projects that is why we had to change the design once or 
twice. Right now we are at a very advanced stage for our product mix because it is a large project. 
It is almost close to 3 acres land parcel next to Dubai Mall in heart of Dubai Downtown, so we 
want to be very cautious what we are launching, so now it is at the final stage, so now approvals 
and then obviously we have to look at launch. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gurpreet Singh from Arihant Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Gurpreet Singh: 
Good Afternoon sir. First of all congratulations for the wonderful set of results. I have a couple 
of questions. The first one is like collections seem to be more or less in line with the last year, 
so what kind of trajectory are we expecting on collections front and secondly how much revenue 
recognition we are expecting in the coming financial year now? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, collections, one thing is very clear that this time more pre-sales if you see has come from the 
Uber-Luxury and the new projects, the new launches, projects which are just going to start. So 
obviously those collections at the initial stage is low but knowing that now 4th Avenue ODC 
Sunteck City in the coming quarter we are expecting that to receive occupation certificate. So 
the collections because of the projects which are under completion will come in the next two - 
three quarters, we are expecting the collection to be obviously more robust this year than the last 
financial year. Coming to the next question I think I will leave it to Prashant to answer your next 
question. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
With regards to revenue recognition definitely with the occupation certificate getting received 
for Sunteck City 4th Avenue so that project will come up for revenue recognition in FY26. 
Kamal Khetan: 
And we are confident, you will see that similar growth of 30%-35% in even our revenue and our 
margins as well as our bottom line. 

 
Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Congratulations on the strong quarter and the year. On the sales trajectory just wanted to check 
so you are expecting growth to be approximately 30% next year ex of Dubai. 
Kamal Khetan: 
I have said similar growth in spite where people are giving lesser guidance, but we are confident 
that we will have a similar growth this year irrespective of Dubai. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
So north of 20% should that be a fair number? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes, easily, very confident. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Which segment do you think will drive this? This is basically BKC, Napean Sea or whole mix? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Obviously this year also if you see our sales has been across all segment but we all have been 
saying that Uber-Luxury is definitely doing much better than Premium-Luxury and Premium-
Luxury is doing much better than Aspirational-Luxury. So, our major focus will be on Premium-
Luxury as well as Uber-Luxury to drive this growth. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Secondly, I wanted to ask your observation on how pricing behavior has been across segment 
this year and what are your expectations for the same next year? 
Kamal Khetan: 
We are not contemplating any price rise in any segment, and we are hoping that even if the price 
remains stagnant, we have more focus on the velocity and we will try to see that we can do more 
velocity than the price rise; because our margins has improved a lot and it will continue to see 
irrespective of the price rise. We are confident of our margins to remain intact or only going 
better from here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sachet Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Any senior management hire that we have done especially for sales and marketing and because 
you know we are going to have a lot of Uber-Luxury kind of inventory going forward? 
Kamal Khetan: 
This is a regular process of hiring senior management in every department and everything. I 
think that process is already there, and we have enough staff for this new growth. We are also 
hiring more people to see that we continue to maintain this momentum of our pre-sales growth 
and we have no concerns about that. Any reason of asking this specific question? 
Rishabh Gang: 
No, just in the sense of capability building. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama group. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
May 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Parvez Qazi: 
I wanted to get your thoughts on our Bandra project and when do we see that getting launched? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Okay. Bandra, we have already started; toward the end of this financial year, we have almost 
acquired that project redevelopment. I think architecture designs are getting finalized and in the 
process of getting the approvals. I think once that approval comes, we are quite confident, I can 
give you on a conservative side towards the end of this financial year or toward the early next 
financial year we will be able to launch that project. But that is with a not very big GDV value, 
so we are not even considering that in our whatever numbers we are contemplating for the next. 
If it comes in this financial year, it is always better and more the merrier so that is how it is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Kamal Khetan for closing comments. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedule to join us today. In case if any of 
your queries have been left unanswered, please feel free to reach out to our investor relation 
team. We truly value your continued support and look forward to strengthening this relationship. 
Stay safe everyone and thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sunteck Realty Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
