 
Date: 19.05.2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
   Subject: Transcript of Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose 
herewith the transcript of Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
May 13, 2025 at 5.30 P.M. (IST). 
 
The Transcript of the same is available on Company's website at following link 
https://www.mbapl.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Q4-and-FY25-Earnings-
Conference-Call.pdf 
 
  
 
Kindly take the above-information on records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Madhya Bharat Agro Products Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 (Pallavi Sukhwal) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Off. - Wing A/1, 1st Floor, Ostwal Heights, Urban Forest, Atun, Bhilwara 311802 Ph.: 01482-294582 
Works: Village Rajoua, Dist. Sagar 470002 (M.P.) Mob. 09329846672 
PALLAVI  
SUKHWAL
Digitally signed by 
PALLAVI  
SUKHWAL 
Date: 2025.05.19 
14:53:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
Madhya Bharat Agro Products Limited 
Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the Q4 and FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Madhya Bharat Agro Products Limited. 
                                                    From Senior Management, we have with us today, 
• 
Mr. Pankaj Ostwal, Promoter & Director 
• 
Mr. Sourabh Gupta, Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Mr. Mcenro Samdani, Consultant - Strategy & Investments. 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mcenro Samdani. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mcenro Samdani: 
Thank you Sejal. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the earnings call of Madhya Bharat 
Agro Products Limited. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made during 
today's call might be forward-looking in nature, and hence it may involve risk and uncertainties, 
including those related to the future financials and operating performances. Please bear with 
us. If there is a call drop during the course of the conference call, we would ensure the call will 
be reconnected the soonest. 
I would like to hand over the conference to Mr. Pankaj Ostwal, Managing Director. Over to you 
Pankajji. 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Thank you very much sir. Good evening, everyone, and and welcome to the fourth quarter and 
full year earnings call for FY25 of Madhya Bharat Agro Products Limited. A company belonging 
to Ostwal Group of Industries and one of the leading prosthetic fertilizer company. As you are 
aware, we are expanding our footprint in product as well as area of operations since its 
takeover in 2004 by Ostwal Group. I will start giving with a brief on the industry scenario, 
followed by company’s performance and question & answer session. 

 
Page 2 of 9 
In FY25 phosphatic fertilizer industry volumes, excluding MOP, grew by 7.5% on YoY basis. 
Overall, the growth was driven by NPK grades, at the same time Madhya Bharat Agro Products 
Limited recorded much higher volume growth of 17% for FY25. We have consistently outgrown 
the industry demand. 
Financial and operating performance for the quarter ending 31st March 2025: 
Starting with the quarterly financials: 
• 
Revenue stood at Rs.297 crore, reflecting a robust 103.7% YoY growth and a 4.6% 
increase sequentially.  
• 
EBITDA stood at Rs.36 crore, registering a strong 155.3% YoY, with a healthy margin 
of 12.1%.  
• 
Profit After Tax stood at Rs.14 crore, recording a 984.6% YoY growth, and PAT margin 
for the quarter stood at 4.8%.  
• 
EBITDA per ton during the quarter was Rs. 4,698, reflecting our continued 
operational efficiency. 
Now moving to the quarterly operational performance: 
• 
We saw strong fraction in SSP with sales of 39,723 metric tons, delivering a 21.2% 
YoY growth. We also saw a significant improvement in capacity utilization for SSP, 
which rose to 79% up from 65% in the same period last year. 
• 
 On the other hand, NPK/DAP sales of 36,909 metric tons, with 42.3% YoY growth. 
Financial and operating performance for the full year ending 31st March 2025: 
• 
Revenue for the year was Rs.1,059 crore, up 29.7% YoY compared to Rs.817 crore in 
FY24 supported by strong market demand and improved SSP volumes.  
• 
EBITDA stood at Rs.146 crore, registering a 51.4% growth YoY, with a stable EBITDA 
margin of 13.7%.  
• 
PAT for the full year came at Rs.57 crore, a strong 132% YoY increase, with a PAT 
margin of 5.4%.  
• 
EBITDA per ton for the full year was Rs.4,287, reflecting consistent operational 
efficiency. 
• 
Outstanding subsidy receivables as of 31st March 2025 were ~Rs.127 crore compared 
to Rs.77 crore on 31st December 2024 and Rs.106 crore on 31st March 2024.  
• 
Net debt as of 31st March 2025 stood at Rs.307 crore, compared to Rs.278 crore as 
on 31st March 2024, reflecting the continued investment in our growth initiatives. 
• 
We command a lion market of 9% and 19% in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh for 
SSP respectively. 

 
Page 3 of 9 
Now moving to full year operational performance: 
• 
SSP sales stood at 1,83,028 metric tons, a 12% increase YoY, compared to 1,62,970 
metric tons in FY24 and SSP utilization at 73% utilization.  
• 
NPK sales surged to 1,56,346 metric tons a 22% increase from 1,27,648 metric tons 
in FY24. While NPK/DAP utilization improves significantly, rising from 53% to 64% 
which shows stabilization on expanded capacity undertaken in-house during the past 
five years. 
On raw material price scenario: 
On raw material price movement, it has been mixed. Sulfur prices have doubled over previous 
year because of volatile global demand, but ammonia and phosphate prices are softer and 
stable. The government has increased price concessions for Kharif 2025 to cover the increasing 
raw material cost, since we mainly sell NPK and SSP, I would like to give some color on price 
concessions increase for these products. The increase was around 42% for SSP and 18% in NPK 
over the previous cycle. 
New Product Launches and Updates: 
• 
We are excited to announce the launch and relaunch of key products in our portfolio: 
Annadata Urea SSP, a combination of Urea and SSP for holistic crop nutrition; Annadata 
Super 6, enriched with Zinc, Boron, and Magnesium for enhanced soil health; and 
Annadata Zibo, fortified with Zinc and Boron to address nutrient deficiencies 
• 
These new offerings reflect our commitment to meeting the evolving needs of farmers 
and reinforcing our leadership in fertilizer markets since value added nutrient has good 
demand, we expect good response and expect handsome addition in profit.  
Expansion plans: 
We recently expanded phosphoric acid at Sagar, Madhya Pradesh in March 2025. With this, 
our phosphoric acid capacity has increased to 69,000 metric tons. The benefit of this 
expansion will be recorded in FY26 in bottom line.  
Our major expansion plan of Maharashtra, announced last year is on track. Just to refresh, we 
are coming up with 3,30,000 tons of DAP/NPK plant at Dhule in Maharashtra by October 26. 
This plant will be having captive raw materials feed manufacturing capabilities of phosphoric 
acid and sulphuric acid. The total capex for this plant is Rs.550 crore, for which Rs.202 crore 
term loan is sanctioned by banks for the first phase of capex of Rs.350 crore. 
To add to above, recently in this month, we even announced expansion of sulphuric acid 
capacity by another 1,65,000 tons at Sagar, Madhya Pradesh for a CAPEX of Rs.100 crore, which 
should be operational by March 26. The above CAPEX will be funded with a mix of debt and 

 
Page 4 of 9 
equity. In addition, we are in continuous lookout to increase capacities by debottlenecking 
existing facility. 
Growth outlook: 
We are optimistic about FY26 and beyond, driven by both recent capacity additions and 
strategic expansion initiatives. As a group, we do implement various marketing strategies. Our 
recent additions of some of the products in our portfolio is key to our commitment to meet 
new demand of the products. We believe that NPK and SSP will remain key to the growth of 
phosphatic fertilizers. We will continue to keep focus on these products for FY26 currently, the 
commissioning of our expanded phosphoric acid plant at Sagar, Madhya Pradesh in March 2025 
will enhance our health sufficiency, leading to better cost efficiencies and improve margins 
starting FY26. We expect to see tangible benefits from this investment, and accordingly we are 
guiding for a robust 15% growth in revenue with better profitability in FY26. This growth will 
be supported by continued demand for our flagship products like NPK and SSP, operational 
efficiencies and improved capacity utilization across our plant. 
Additionally, our announcement to further expand sulphuric acid capacity at Sagar, by 1,65,000 
to be operational by March 2026 underlines our commitment to backward integration and 
values and resilience. These strategic investments combined with a focus on debottlenecking 
existing capacities and launching farmer centric products, reaffirm our long-term growth vision. 
We are confident that these efforts will not only sustain our leadership position in core market, 
but also unlocks new avenues for growth, scale and profitability. Looking further ahead, our 
Greenfield project in Dhule, Maharashtra a 3,30,000 tons of DAP/NPK plant equipped with 
captive phosphoric acid and sulfuric acid unit, setup is progressing as planned, and is slated to 
commission by October 2026. This facility is expected to significantly enhance our production 
capabilities and market reach setting a strong foundation for acceleration growth in FY27 and 
beyond. 
We continuously work on optimizing our manufacturing processes and improve technology to 
enhance our efficiencies and production. Our years of experience, along with technology eased 
us with one of the best cost metrics for manufacturing. To push new capacities, we already 
strengthen our marketing team and have invested good amounts in R&D to ease persistable 
improvement in efficiencies, including better improved products. We have broad based our 
funding partners including SBI, who shown appreciable interest in our expansion. Our rating 
agency continues to have faith in our capabilities. I would like to end my opening remarks with 
this and open to take up the questions from the participants. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Jash Nahata from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 5 of 9 
Jash Nahata: 
Sir your working capital days, your cash conversion cycle has been improved significantly for 
over the past years. Is it going to stay that way? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Yes, definitely we are working on it to improve our working capital cycle, and definitely we look 
forward to have better working capital cycles in coming quarters and coming years. 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Specifically, working capital has improved because our holding levels of raw materials and 
finished goods, in absolute terms, remain the same. So, any improvement in capacity utilization 
will lead to a better working of the cycle. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav Nathani from Bajrang Medical. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghav Nathani: 
Sir my question is regarding the increased subsidy from the government which recently has 
been announced. So, going forward will we see any improvement in the margin because of this 
increased subsidy? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
No, what happens is, whenever the government increases or decreases the subsidy, it depends 
on the cost of the product. There is a formula already prevailing in the ministry for calculating 
the NBS — Nutrient Based Subsidy amount, and it is done every six months, on the 1st of April 
and the 1st of October. What has happened is, the prices of raw materials have increased, and 
that is why the subsidy has been increased. If the prices go down or up, the subsidy also goes 
down or up. This is how it works. 
Raghav Nathani: 
Okay, sir. So basically, we will see, at least we will see whatever margins you are working on 
being stable in the next financial year? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Yes, definitely. There is no issue with margins, and as we improve our production in the coming 
year, the margins in percentage terms will definitely remain the same or may slightly improve 
but profits will definitely improve. 
Raghav Nathani: 
And sir what kind of growth we can expect in the coming financial year, in terms of the 
turnover? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
In terms of turnover, I have already mentioned that we are expecting around 15% growth this 
year and for the next year once our plant at Dhule, Maharashtra becomes operational, the full-
scale operations of that plant will contribute to revenue, which will need to be calculated 
accordingly. 
Raghav Nathani:                       Thankyou sir 
Pankaj Ostwal:                          Thank you very much. 

 
Page 6 of 9 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahantesh from Man Industries. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahantesh: 
Just if you can repeat about that subsidy decision is mentioned about? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Subsidy increase or decrease? 
Mahantesh: 
Yes, the impact on your financials, just to get the point. 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
So, what happens is, I’ll explain it again. Whenever there is an increase or decrease in raw 
material prices, the government either increases or decreases the subsidy, or we adjust our 
MRP, either by increasing or reducing it. What has happened in the last six months is that raw 
material prices have increased, so the government has increased the subsidy accordingly. This 
way, we don’t need to increase our MRP, because the government’s objective is to ensure 
fertilizers are available to farmers at reasonable prices. There is also a formula in the Ministry 
of Fertilizers which is monitored regularly. Based on that, the nutrient-based subsidy amount 
is calculated for individual nutrients — NPK — and that’s how the subsidy is calculated. 
Mahantesh: 
How does the profitability get impacted, it will be 1:1 ratio or it will depend on the cost 
structure? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Just to clarify, subsidy is not the profit. 
Mahantesh: 
How does it impact your profitability? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
No, normally it doesn’t directly impact profitability. What happens is, the total revenue, which 
includes both the selling price paid by the farmer and the subsidy received from the 
government, covers the cost of goods sold and ensures a reasonable profit. So, the subsidy 
itself is not profit, it just supports the pricing structure. 
Mahantesh: 
Okay. So, subsidy has nothing to do with your profitability? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Subsidy is basically price compensation. When input costs increase, the government offsets it 
by increasing the subsidy, which is technically price compensation. 
Mahantesh: 
That's true, but the cost structure will vary from company-to-company, there is some variation. 
So that's where one company will certainly do better than other, right? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Yes, cost structures do vary. But the government takes a broader, pan-India view when 
determining subsidy levels. 
Mahantesh: 
So, that’s what I am trying to convey, the company is slightly more efficient, will do better in in 
terms of. 

 
Page 7 of 9 
Sourabh Gupta: 
It’s not just about efficiency. Yes, efficiency does play a role. But at the same time, location and 
other operational aspects also play a major role. You have pointed out correctly. If efficiencies 
are better, the profits may be comparatively better than the industry. You are right. 
Mahantesh: 
One look at the capital company, each company valuation varies from company-to-company. 
So, some fertilizer companies get a better valuation maybe due to better efficiency that they 
are operating that is what I am trying to understand. 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
If you look at our results, you’ll see that compared to other companies, we’ve performed 
better. One key reason for that is we have a rock phosphate beneficiation plant. So, at any 
point in time, we have that edge over other manufacturers — because in India, there are no 
other rock phosphate beneficiation manufacturers. That’s an important factor, and it plays a 
key role in our profitability. 
Mahantesh: 
Okay. Now, due to geopolitical implications, is there any curtailment or change in raw material 
imports for different companies, especially because of the war, or issues with Pakistan, Turkey, 
or any other supply chain challenges the industry might face? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
No, raw material is coming from Pakistan or Turkey. All the raw materials come from Egypt, 
Jordan, Qatar, Morocco, and similar countries. So, there is no issue of geopolitical tensions 
affecting raw material or finished goods supply. Definitely, there could be some fluctuations in 
shipping freight costs, they may increase or decrease. But as an industry, we keep monitoring 
this, and we are focused on keeping shipping freight costs under control. Managing these costs 
is a continuous part of the business. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puja, who is an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Puja: 
Congratulations on crossing the Rs. 1,000 crore mark. My question is, do you have any plans to 
fund the expansion through equity? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
We have already approved that QIP is underway. We hope that we may be able to achieve our 
QIP targets most probably in this quarter, let's hope, we are keeping fingers crossed because 
already the market is volatile, and we are looking forward to have good QIP on the board. 
Sourabh Gupta: 
But in any case, even if QIP does not take place, the company has internal accruals adequate 
to take care of the expansion. So, expansion will be on the line on the date September 26th we 
will be on stream whether QIP comes or does not come. 
Puja: 
Okay. So, my next question is, what type of trading activity is undertaking in your company?  
Sourabh Gupta: 
Look, Ostwal Group has almost 1.1 million tons of phosphatic fertilizer capacity, for which we 
require a large amount of rock phosphate. As a group, because we have an agreement for 

 
Page 8 of 9 
importing rock phosphate, to achieve economies of scale, often one company imports a 
shipload of rock phosphate, and then it is allocated and supplied to the other group companies 
as needed. This type of trading activity is considered trading, and it benefits the group as a 
whole. We undertake this, but it is done at arm’s length and purely on commercial terms. 
Sometimes, we also import MOP, which is necessary because potash is not manufactured in 
India and is entirely imported. Since last year, the Government of India has permitted private 
players to import it. So, whenever the opportunity arises, we import MOP and sell it directly. 
These are the limited trading activities we undertake. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead.  
Raj: 
Once we expand the capacity in October 2026, sir how much volume growth are we 
anticipating in full year FY27? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
In FY27, we will have half-year contribution, and since the plant is recently set up, we estimate 
only 40% capacity utilization. So, we will be adding around Rs.400 crore worth of turnover. 
Raj: 
Additional turnover in FY27 from the new plant? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
But full-year contribution will be in FY27–28. While we have projected capacity utilization of 
50%, based on our experience and past sales, we internally expect that utilization should cross 
60%. 
Raj: 
60% will be in FY27 itself, right? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Yes, FY27-28. 
Raj: 
Okay. 
Sourabh Gupta: 
If it goes to 60%, it is almost 2,00,000 tons, and it will add more than Rs.800 crore in turnover. 
Raj: 
Alright. Sir at peak, this plant can give us an incremental phase of around Rs.1,000 crore, right? 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Approximately. 
Raj: 
So, at peak the new plant can generate around ₹1,000 crore, and for FY27 we’re expecting 
around ₹400 crore in sales contribution from it? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Yes. 
Raj: 
Alright. And sir, you commented on FY26 sales growth. Do you want to comment on the 
EBITDA, because if I look at your peers, EBITDA margin is 2% to 3% higher than your peers. 
What is the reason for that? 

 
Page 9 of 9 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Historically, our company has had better EBITDA margins. As we’ve explained earlier, one key 
reason is the BRP where we use local low-grade rock phosphate, and that significantly reduces 
SSP production cost. Other reasons include our operational efficiency, low CAPEX, and low 
OPEX. For example, the Madhya Pradesh project, where we implemented 2,40,000 metric ton 
of NPK capacity, had a total project cost of under Rs.200 crore. and anybody who is setting up 
projects elsewhere, the project cost is Rs.800 crore. So, all these factors, our efficiency, as I 
mentioned earlier, the procurement of raw material at the group level, our ability to bargain 
all these sectors put together give us an edge and we have better EBITDA. 
Raj: 
Alright. So in FY26 also are we expecting a similar EBITDA or are we expecting an increase or 
decrease in EBITDA? 
Sourabh Gupta: 
Similar, no decrease we will maintain it. Rather, we expect that there must be some 
improvement with our efficiency. 
Mcenro Samdani: 
Just to add, one of the key reasons for the better margins — as Sourabh ji mentioned — is 
backward integration. We are 100% backward integrated. Even our phosphoric acid is 
completely manufactured in-house. Many of the peers you may be comparing us with are not 
fully backward integrated. That’s a key reason we have a better margins in terms of percentage 
as well. 
Raj:                                              Understood sir. Thankyou 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Mcenro Samdani for closing comments. 
Mcenro Samdani: 
Thank you once again, everybody for joining us. If you have any further questions, please don't 
hesitate to reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you and have a great day. 
Pankaj Ostwal: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Madhya Bharat Agro Products Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been refined to improve clarity, ensure readability, and maintain financial accuracy. 
