ADITYA BIRLA 
GRASIM 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, 2nd Floor, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India 
T: +91 22 6652 5000 / 2499 5000 | F: +91 22 6652 5114 / 2499 5114 
E: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com | W: www.grasim.com | CIN: L17124MP1947PLC000410 
Regd. Office : Birlagram, Nagda – 456 331 (M.P.) 
 
Ref No. GIL/CFD/SEC/26/033/SE 
                                                    28th May 2025
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 500300  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Symbol: GRASIM  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of post Earnings Call  
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of post Earnings Call held on 23rd May 2025 on Audited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the financial year 
ended 31st March 2025 and is also available at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/grasim-
earnings-call-trancript-q4fy25.pdf 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
FCS - 4164  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Cc:   
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Depositary Receipt Services 
390 Greenwich Street,  
4th Floor, New York - 10013 
Citibank N.A. 
Custodial Services 
FIFC, 9th Floor, C-54 & 55, 
G Block  Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400098 
 
 
Sailesh 
Kumar 
Daga
Digitally signed by 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Date: 2025.05.28 
18:27:48 +05'30'

DJTYA GIRL 
GRAVM 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Grasim Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: HIMANSHU KAPANIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
BUSINESS HEAD BIRLA OPUS, PAINTS BUSINESS 
 
PAVAN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
JAYANT DHOBLEY – BUSINESS HEAD, CHEMICALS 
FASHION YARN AND INSULATOR BUSINESS  
VADIRAJ KULKARNI –BUSINESS HEAD, CELLULOSIC 
FIBRES BUSINESS 
RAKSHIT HARGAVE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
BIRLA OPUS, PAINTS BUSINESS 
SANDEEP KOMARAVELLY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – BIRLA PIVOT, B2B E-COMMERCE BUSINESS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for readability purposes, factual and verbatim errors. In case of  
                                    discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the website on 23rd May 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Conference Call of Grasim 
Industries. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Panchmatia, Head of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Panchmatia: 
A very good morning to everyone, and on behalf of Grasim Industries, I would like to welcome 
all of you to our Fourth Quarter Financial Year 2025 results and business performance 
discussion. I hope you have got a chance to refer to our results, presentation and press release 
uploaded on our website and exchanges. Before we begin, I would just want to draw your 
attention to the disclaimer statement, which is covered in the last slide of our presentation. Let 
me now introduce you to our management team present here with us on the call. We have with 
us Mr. Himanshu Kapania, Managing Director, Grasim Industries and Business Head Birla 
Opus, our Paints business; and Mr. Pavan Jain, Chief Financial Officer, Grasim Industries. We 
also have with us Mr. Jayant Dhobley, Business Head Chemicals, Fashion Yarn, and Insulator 
business; Mr. Vadiraj Kulkarni, Business Head, Cellulosic Fibres business; Mr. Rakshit 
Hargave, CEO, Birla Opus, our Paints Division; and Mr. Sandeep Komaravelly, CEO Birla 
Pivot, our B2B E-commerce business. Without taking much time, let me now hand over the call 
to Mr. Himanshu Kapania: for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Good morning or good evening to all the participants who have joined this call from different 
geographies. I welcome you to Grasim Industries Quarter 4 FY '25 Investor Call. It's an honour 
to be chosen as the Managing Director of Grasim Industries. Originally a textile company, 
Grasim Industries has charted an extraordinary path of growth, innovation, and diversification 
over the last 78 years to become India's premier conglomerate with strong presence in textiles, 
chemicals, building materials and other industries. 
 
I joined the Aditya Birla Group in the telecom business in 1997. At that stage, the group was 
US$2 billion in revenue and dollar conversion was ₹36, with presence in textile, aluminum and 
start of cement, telecom, fashion, financial services, and other businesses. In the last 28 years 
under the leadership of Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla, the group revenue has risen to US$66 
billion, and the dollar conversion is ₹85, thereby growing by 33 times at constant currency. This 
superlative growth has been driven by a) Believing in India and global growth story b) 
Combination of building scale in existing business and successfully diversifying to newer 
sectors. Similarly, the story of Grasim's transformation, which has delivered consistent 15% 
CAGR over a long period of 15 years, is akin to India's growth story. The company has 
incorporated multiple start-ups and seen through its journey until the unit becomes a force in 
itself. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
                                                India is witnessing an unprecedented economic boom. India's rise has captivated the world's 
imagination. Very few countries in the world today have a multi-decadal runway of high growth 
or Amrit Kaal as our Prime Minister calls it. Our economy is truly and well poised to hit the $10 
trillion mark in the next decade or so. The scale of our mission is now being matched by the 
scope of the infrastructure evolution set to unfold. I would argue we are not in just infrastructure 
development phase, but in nation building.  
                                                And the Grasim's diversified businesses are all set to play a pivotal role at the heart of this 
monumental nation-building endeavour. Our cement from UltraTech fortifies expanding 
highways. Our cellulosic brands like Liva and Raysil power from inside the fashion for the new 
confident India. Our Chemicals business supports varied applications across metal, construction, 
textiles, pharmaceuticals, and energy. Our renewables are making India more sustainable, and 
our financial services from Aditya Birla Capital gives wings to aspirational consumers. In the 
last 18 months, With the launch of B2B eCommerce business, Birla Pivot and the recent launch 
of our Paints business, Birla Opus, Grasim embodies the spirit of an aspirational India. This 
India, teaming with dynamism, audacity and penchant for disruption find reflection in both our 
Paints and B2B business. In fact, these ventures mirror India's zest for innovation and its refusal 
to settle for status quo. 
 
In 2020, at the peak of COVID when our group Chairman asked me to lead Grasim foray into 
paints. I wondered why paints?. With a gleam in both our eyes, we found the answer lay in the 
bedrock of India's booming infrastructure, the construction sector. This sector alone is poised to 
command 9% of GDP translating to US$900 billion in around 10 years. Grasim's deep insight 
into building materials ecosystem found over the years through brands like UltraTech and Birla 
White offered us a unique vantage point. Our journey into paints industry, therefore I discovered, 
was a strategic extension connecting the dots from the foundation to the facade across Indian 
homes. I also discovered that despite century-old decorative paints industry, India's per capita 
consumption stands at a near 3.5 kg. This contrast sharply with global average of 10 kg per 
capita and draws against 25 kg per capita of developed nations. For a country at the forefront of 
economic acceleration, India ranked at bottom 10% of the paint consumption. This reminds me 
of my telecom stint when India liberalized telecom services in 1990 but till mid of 2010 and 
even after 25 years, India was amongst the bottom 10% of broadband services adoption. 
However, when large-scale investments came in to build huge capacities ahead of demand and 
industry focused on affordability, quality, technology and coverage India rose to a numero uno, 
the highest broadband users in the world and the second largest in terms of number of mobile 
subscribers in the globe, helping India in its inclusive all pervasive digital journey. 
 
Therefore, in the context of paints, this represents a galactic opportunity. With rising per capita 
income, a young population, a booming real estate sector, a shorter repainting cycle, the potential 
for growth in paints consumption is immense. With all these factors, Grasim board in 2021 made 
a long-term commitment to decorative paints business with a vision to redefine the industry with 
consumer-centric programs and practices. They empowered us with ₹10,000 crore investment 
to prepare for tomorrow with a single-minded purpose to revolutionize the decorative paints 
business and pass on the fruits of competition to the consumers. The paints sector is at the cusp 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
of a similar transformative impact, which will turn India's facade into a beautiful place loved by 
one and all.  
                                                When I look back at the last 4 years' work, especially the last 6 months, I can say with pride on 
behalf of Birla Opus team that no paint company globally has ever launched in one shot factories, 
operations, products, and services at the scale that Birla Opus has undertaken. So, it's a matter 
of pride to share that in less than 6 months of pan-India operations, as per internal estimates, 
Birla Opus by itself has become India’s No.3 decorative paints brand. Well done team Birla 
Opus, ably led by CEO, Rakshit Hargave, a strong, committed, and agile force of over 4,700 
employees and lakhs of partners in the paint’s ecosystem. The driving factors for this early 
success include:  
1) 
Fastest capacity ramp-up in the world with 5 out of 6 plants commercialized until March 2025, 
adding 1,096 million liters per annum, in short MLPA capacity in FY '25, representing 21% 
share of the organized decorative paints capacity. All these plants are fully backward integrated 
with our own emulsion and resin polymers, key to delivering innovative products, consistent 
quality, and cost competitiveness. The company's paint plants meet stringent sustainability 
norms and our climate finance compliance as per IFC funding norms. Our final plant at 
Kharagpur is scheduled to be commercially launched in H1 FY '26, taking our overall capacity 
to 1,332 MLPA. Post Kharagpur plant launch, Birla Opus' capacity share of 24% in this sector 
will provide us the pathway to travel from existing high single-digit revenue market share to 
penultimate level of capacity share. Further, at the existing plants, Birla Opus has ability to add 
400 to 500 MLPA incremental capacity with minimum cost whenever the need for the same 
arises. The industry is also undergoing a structural shape with consolidation of players through 
merger and acquisition and same expected to reshape the competitive landscape. 
 
2) 
Fastest availability of near complete portfolio of 176 products and 1,250-plus SKUs. Birla Opus 
is now competing across all 6 business categories in decorative paints, including interior and 
exterior water-based paints, including distemper and enamel paints, wood finishes, water-
proofing solutions and wallpaper and designer finish in the economy, premium and luxury price 
segments, and institutional business. We are delighted with the response received on a quality 
of product from retail and institutional customers and ecosystem partners, including architects, 
designers, contractors, painters, and dealers. Our luxury and premium products are now 
contributing more than 65% to the company's revenue, a testimony to Birla Opus quality of 
products. Our unique polymer synthesis process and hybrid composite polymer design has 
helped to create paints with outstanding dirt resistance, crack bridge-ability, film integrity, 
excellent durability, high scrub, highest whiteness, and substrate adhesion to name a few. 
 
3) 
Wide and deep distribution reaching every corner of the country across 6,600 towns in India. A 
network of 137 depots delivers across 33 states and union territories supporting just-in-time 
delivery for the dealer network. Also, Birla Opus is upgrading the consumer experience and is 
transforming decorative paints retailing by building first of its kind company experienced tools 
known as Birla Opus Paints Studio in the metros and franchised mid-sized stores across 300-

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
plus towns known as Birla Opus Paint Gallery. Our compact tinting machines has healthy 
adoption across all dealers. 
 
4) 
All-round positive feedback from all key users of our quality and acknowledgment of our 
exceptional paint performance features such as stain resistant, impeccable spotless finishes, 
spatter resistance, superior scuff-resistance, extra washability, and enhanced coverage and 
opacity. Lakhs of painters and contractors, encouraged with product quality, innovation features 
and better economics have joined our exclusive painter and contractor apps and are 
recommending Birla Opus products. There is a quantum jump on the number of architects and 
interior designers’ recommendation for Birla Opus products after they carry out rigorous tests 
on metrices such as tactile feel, adhesion, aesthetic, finish, and longevity etc. Equally strong 
response from institutional clients with a number of sites executed has crossed 5-digit mark just 
in 6 months across cooperative houses, large and mid-sized builders, factories and industrial 
units, government projects including tourist attraction and religious places. 
 
5) 
The new age Birla Opus brand is seen as a challenger and fast establishing itself as an 
embodiment of India's rich heritage, but modern, vibrant, and technological innovator. Birla 
Opus incorporates trust from the House of Birlas, quintessentially Indian with a beauty 
personified from Opus. Our meaningful and memorable advertising campaigns heavily 
supported Birla 360-degree media strategy has helped in an exponential jump of all brand 
salience metrices, especially unaided recall, top-of-mind awareness, etc. 
 
In summary, Grasim's Paint venture represents the indomitable spirit of a “startup” which can 
be epitomized through 5Cs, creativity, courage contemporary, choice and collaborative. With 
these guiding philosophies, Birla Opus team dreams to revolutionize every facet of the 
decorative paints industry and pass on the benefits to all stakeholders. As you're aware, 
UltraTech sells white cement-based putty under Birla White brand. All decorative paints player 
includes putty sales in their overall Decorative Paints revenue and volume reporting. Birla Opus 
does not sell white cement-based putty. Therefore, on a like-to-like basis, Grasim's organized 
decorative paints presence exits Q4FY'25 has crossed 10% revenue market share mark as per 
our internal estimates when revenues of Birla Opus and Birla White Putty are combined. We'll 
continue to track these metrics. Separately, Birla White is aggressively expanding its putty 
manufacturing capacity with a recent announcement of acquisition by UltraTech of Wonder 
WallCare Pvt Ltd. With this acquisition, Birla White Putty, and VAP capacity at the 4 plants in 
FY '26 will rise to 23 lakh metric tons besides 16 lakh metric tons of, for white cement clinker 
manufacturing. 
 
Moving on to our digital venture, B2B e-commerce launched in line with government's vision 
of creating digital India empowering SME businesses, Birla Pivot has created a new age, high-
growth B2B e-commerce platform that helped them with procurement of raw materials across 
various sectors and catalyzes their growth by streamlining financing and supply chain gaps. Birla 
Pivot has made significant progress in FY '25 across all fronts such as technology, revenue scale 
up, category diversification, digitization and working capital management. Birla Pivot has 
crossed annual run rate (ARR) of ₹5,000 crores based on exit quarter 4 FY '25 in less than 2 
years of inception and achieved a 3.3x revenue growth over FY '24. Heartiest congratulations to 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Birla Pivot team ably led by CEO, Mr. Sandeep Komaravelly. The Birla Pivot platform now 
hosts a catalogue of more than 40,000 SKUs across 300-plus brands and OEMs in 35 product 
categories with private label portfolio of bathware, tiles and plywood. Birla Pivot customer base 
spans top tier EPC companies, civil contractors, real estate developers, OEMs, fabricators, 
dealers, and retailers, etc. With successful deliveries of over 375 cities across 26 states and union 
territories, Birla Pivot has established a robust network of suppliers and logistic providers who 
facilitate a very seamless fulfilment experience. 
 
Moving on, we have separately shared existing business performance, including Cellulosic 
Fibers and yarn, Chemicals - Caustic and Specialty, Textile, Insulator and others in the Q4 FY 
'25 investor deck. Existing investors and analysts have already been tracking performance of 
these evolved businesses for a long time and are familiar with this journey and way forward. In 
summation, we are pleased to report that Grasim standalone revenue has risen to its highest level 
at ₹8,926 crore in quarter 4 FY '25, an impressive Y-o-Y growth of 32%. This reflects the initial 
success of new businesses and sustained strength of our existing businesses. Further on the ESG 
front, we are happy to share that Grasim got listed for the second time in a row in the S&P Global 
Sustainability Yearbook 2024. Grasim also won the “Master of Risks – Conglomerate” award 
in the Large Cap category at the India Risk Management Awards 2025. 
 
In conclusion, as new to this role, I see Grasim at the cusp of transformation, with increasing 
share from consumer-oriented businesses, we are driven by the vast opportunity presented in the 
Indian economy and the values and purpose of the Aditya Birla Group. Grasim now uniquely 
combined dynamism, frugality, and energy of a new age start-up businesses like paints and B2B 
E-Commerce along with muscle, reliability, and brand strength of well-established businesses 
in the textile, chemicals, and energy spaces. We will not just grow, but also nurture the 
ecosystem, enrich lives, and contribute to the foundational element of new India.  
                                                I take this opportunity to thank Mr. Pavan Jain, who is superannuating on 15th August 2025 for 
a stellar role played in shaping Grasim's transformative journey. I would also like to welcome 
Mr. Hemant Kadel, a Grasim veteran, and a colleague of Pavan, who will take over from him as 
Grasim's CFO from 16th of August 2025. 
 
I now hand over to Pavan to give details on financial performance. 
Pavan Jain: 
Thank you, Himanshuji, for giving a detailed business review on the new businesses in the year 
gone. I would like to add that our established core businesses namely cement, cellulosic fibres 
and chemicals continue to deliver strong performance with market leadership across businesses, 
delivering quality products to meet customer requirements and healthy cash flows, the core 
businesses provide both stability and strategic leverage. Some achievements in the year gone by 
in respect to our core businesses are:  
                                                Number one, cellulosic fibre has achieved highest ever revenue, annual revenue of ₹15,987 
crores, growth of 6% Y-o-Y primarily led by volume growth of 4%. However, the profitability 
of this business during the year was lower by 12% on a Y-o-Y basis due to higher key raw 
material prices absorbed by the company partially. In Q4 and entering Q1, slight moderation in 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
China capacity utilization and higher inventory days has resulted correction in global prices of 
cellulosic fibres. And at the same time, pulp prices have also started to soften. As approved by 
the Board, the work on the first phase of Lyocell Fibre project of 55,000 tonnes per annum, out 
of the total capacity plant of 110,000 tonnes at Harihar, Karnataka, the work has commenced. 
The new plant is expected to be commissioned by mid-'27. In Chemicals business, while 
available capacities increased by 400 TPD expansion at Vilayat plant in Q3 FY '25. Caustic sales 
volumes were lower by 3% Y-o-Y due to plant shutdowns at Karwar and BB Puram for few 
days during the quarter. Moreover, higher negative chlorine realizations due to continued 
oversupply and lower demand from end user industries have moderated ECU growth. However, 
chlorine derivatives business performance is improving significantly with focused business 
development activities across products portfolio. We enter FY '26 with full available capacity of 
caustic and specialty chemical. The projects of ECH and CPVC plants at Vilayat are expected 
to be commissioned around Q2 FY26. One highlight over the past 3 years, both Cellulosic Fibres 
and Chemicals business combinedly have consistently delivered top line of over ₹20,000 crores 
with EBITDA of over ₹2,500 crores across cycles reflecting the strength of these businesses.  
Cement business under UltraTech has been growing with total capacity expected to reach 215 
million tonnes with estimated EBITDA per tonne saving of about ₹250 to ₹300 by 2027. In 
Financial Services business with AUM now over ₹5 lakh crore, growth of 17% Y-o-Y and total 
lending portfolio of over ₹150,000 crores, growth of 27% Y-o-Y, Aditya Birla Capital is one of 
the fastest-growing NBFC in India with consistently growing revenue and profits. 
 
Happy to announce that the Board has approved a final dividend of ₹10 per share, reinforcing 
our legacy of consistent shareholder value creation. This marks the 62nd consecutive years of 
uninterrupted dividend payments, a testament to our financial strength, resilience, and 
commitment to reward the shareholders through all business cycles. 
 
With this remark, I'll now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara Capital. 
Amit Purohit: 
Congratulations for the excellent performance and hitting the targeted market share that you 
indicated in the last call. Two things I wanted to understand, one, on the dealer counts, if you 
could highlight what would be at the exit of March '25. And how do you see that over the next, 
say, 3 years reaching bigger counts? That's my first question. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Like we said, our objective was to hit 6,000-plus towns and try and track close to 50,000 dealers 
at the end of the first year. So, we are close to where we had targeted. And in terms of how we 
look at it in the next couple of years, there is scope for more numerical dealer addition, which 
we believe there are dealers who want to join us. There are also territories, which we have not 
covered. But also, along with that, we will consolidate on the dealer base that we have created 
and extract more counter share from them. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sure. And sir, on the comment that 65% of the portfolio is on the premium and luxury side, 
could you just provide some insights into it because, I mean, what we would understand is that 
we have a complete range of products. But are you saying that in the emulsion segment as well, 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
the premium side? Or this also includes the waterproofing premium side or a good, finished 
premium because what we understand is that the leader would have a limited premium when we 
look at the emulsion side of the portfolio because that market itself is small. So just a clarification 
on that will be helpful. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Okay. So, the way we have structured our portfolio is that most of the products that we have are 
covered under three subbrands, one, which is the luxury brand Calista, which is premium and 
Style, which is the so-called economy brand. Now we have a branding philosophy where even 
our enamels are branded either Calista or a Style. So, when we say this is not addressing only 
emulsions, but this is addressing the premium and the luxury segment in all the categories where 
we play, where we have these subbrands leading them. So that's the clarification. It's not only 
for emulsions. 
Amit Purohit: 
And any targeted market share guidance you would like to highlight right now, say, for March 
'26. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
No. So, like we said, we have achieved our first benchmark of high single digit. And for next 
year, the ambition is to be a double-digit player, we'd love to hit that. That's all we can add. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul Gupta from Morgan Stanley. 
Rahul Gupta: 
I have a couple of questions on cellulosic business. I remember there was some disruption in 
third quarter. However, fourth quarter volumes are still much lower versus Q2 levels. Can you 
please help us explain what's happening over there? That's my first question. 
Vadiraj Kulkarni: 
In terms of our volumes, the demand has been quite stable, except that in quarter 4, we have 
seen some minor drop in the demand in the Indian market. So, we had to increase our exports. 
So, we have not lost any capacity. It's more about diverting some of this capacity to export 
market. Plus, we also had increased certain specialty kind of product because of which there is 
a certain change in the productivity levels, changeovers, etc. So, there is no significant change 
in terms of our capacity utilization. Of course, there are certain machines that we take for 
maintenance on a periodic basis. So, on a quarter-to-quarter, you would see certain kind of 
variations in terms of volume. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Understood. My second question is that I see that your Capex in the cellulosic business in fiscal 
'25 was much lower than what the management earlier targeted. How should we look at this for 
fiscal '26? And what kind of capacity can be unlocked by debottlenecking over the next couple 
of years? 
Vadiraj Kulkarni: 
Yes. One year, we, depending on how we do, at a Grasim level, how do we look at capex 
allocation, various businesses get different kinds of capex allocation. So, in terms of certain non-
critical capex, we had been taken up this, I mean, in FY '25. But I think we have major projects 
ongoing now as far as FY '25 is concerned, in terms of cash flows. One, there is a Lyocell project 
setting up 55,000 tonnes per annum of capacity is being approved. So that project has started. 
But in terms of debottlenecking of pulp capacity in Harihar. There is a couple of other projects, 
which are happening in Vilayat and Nagda plant for debottlenecking. They are on course. And 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
by end of H1, we would have a slight increase in the capacity of the viscose fibre. So, our capex 
plan, all of them are now going pretty well. While some of these capacities will get actualized 
later, but the projects have progressed well, and we will have a minor increase in the capacities 
in some of our existing lines by H1. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, Rakshit, congrats on reaching 10% market share exit first year. My question is can you give 
some idea on what would be your targets for exit FY '26 in terms of market share? And can you 
tell me what is the total number of tinting machines that we have set up as of FY '25 end? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, Percy, you know the 10% market share, the double-digit market share that we have shared 
is the consolidation between Birla Opus and the Putty business of Birla White. All the paint 
companies also have putty, but Opus by itself doesn't have. So that is what we have given. Now 
like I said, we are not giving a guidance or a target for next year. But Birla Opus by itself should 
be a double-digit share player is what our aspiration is. And whenever you add putty on to it, it 
will obviously be incremental. Secondly, on the number of tinting machines, we have a good 
tinting machine penetration. So rather than giving an actual number, I can tell you that the tinting 
machine penetration that we have is close to 80%. So nearly 80% of the outlets we have opened 
have the Birla Opus tinting machine. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Second question is, if you can give some flavor. I'm not looking for any exact numbers, 
but some kind of flavor on what is the geographic mix. And what is the product segment mix in 
terms of are you strong in, of course, East, you've probably not yet had a plant, so it will be 
weak. But among the 3 regions, relatively which one is stronger, weaker? And in the product 
segment, that is your premium mid- and mass, where would you have relatively the best market 
share? Where would you relatively have the lowest market share? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, Percy, I think even in the last 2 calls, I have mentioned that Birla Opus is truly a national 
player. So, we don't have too much of variation between the best performing regions and the so-
called bottom-performing regions. So, we are doing well in most of the regions. But like I said, 
the spread is not anything different from 80 to 120. On what is selling well, obviously, our 
emulsion portfolio. And that was also, if you see, over the last 12 months, we entered the market 
first with our emulsion portfolio and then we introduced waterproofing and enamel portfolio 
came a bit later in the day because the solvent manufacturing, initially only 2 of our plants were 
making. So, if you go by that sequence, our overall emulsion portfolio has got a very solid 
response, and that includes both the luxury segment led by Birla Opus one and the economy 
segment led by style. We have excellent uptake in both the exterior and interior segment. So, 
what I could say is that the quality differential that we have been able to give in the products, 
which is easily discernible is most easily discernible in the usage of emulsion, which is why the 
adoption of our emulsion range across 5 segments has been excellent. To top that, All brand 
which is our waterproofing range, also has got excellent feedback and Wall roof, which is the 
flagship product is, and currently is also the waterproofing season. And I can tell you that it's 
extremely high demand and the adoption from painters and contractors for waterproofing is also 
high. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
Our enamel entered the market, I would say, 3 to 4 months after the emulsion business, and it 
took somewhat time because enamel comes multiple sizes and small packs. So that took a bit 
longer. Nonetheless, our enamels are also picking up. But yes, it would be trailing the emulsion 
business by a few months. Apart from that, like we said, that we've launched the whole portfolio, 
we have designer finish. We have our good finish, which is there. So, we have both the Italian 
range and the Indian range and the market acceptance of all that is excellent. This year, we will 
only develop these categories even deeper, and we will also add more products to make these 
portfolios even more complete. So that's how I would put it. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
My question first was in the paints segment related to premium segment and then the overall 
EBITDA losses. Now our understanding basically was that with the Mahad unit commissioning, 
the company will be able to offer a much larger bouquet or, in a sense, could emphasize more 
on the premium segment offering, so to say. And in that context, I also had an observation that 
amongst the large competitors, premium segment contributes over 50% of EBITDA. So, first of 
all, is that a fair understanding that premiumized, premium or those premium segment from 
Mahad plant will be the niche offering or the main offering, and hence, overall portfolio will tilt 
or focus on that? And then in the same context, if the profitability in that segment is high for 
peers, would it be fair to say that Birla Opus EBITDA losses would see a significant reduction 
as a part of this? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, Navin, I would like to correct each of your statements. Directionally, you might be hinting 
us the right thing. But number one, Mahad is making the same product, which is being made at 
all the other factories. So Mahad is not adding anything new. My understanding is when you use 
the word premium, you basically mean in paints, there is a luxury segment, there is a premium 
segment and there is an economy segment. I assume that you mean both the premium and luxury 
segments, right? Am I correct? 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, if that is correct, Mahad has not added anything new. Mahad only gives us great geographical 
presence and allows us to equate our distribution more economically. And obviously, it produces 
the whole range. It produces solvent also and emulsions also. From a profitability or a loss-
making point of view, I think the assumptions that you are making, yes, all the companies, 
emulsions is the more profitable category, but our emulsions are manufactured in each of the 5 
factories and in Kharagpur, which will go into trailing next year, next month. So, I don't think 
there is any business differential coming because of Mahad. And like we said, our emulsions are 
doing well across the three price segments, and Sandeep will tell.  
Himanshu Kapania: 
On incrementally I'll add that the advantage of strategically located plants is in the freight and 
logistics cost. That is the benefit that will accrue to us as more plants coming up. So, with Mahad, 
you can see from our results also, there is improvement in our freight costs, and this will further 
go down with Kharagpur. Previously, there was somebody's comment that our presence in East 
is not there. We'd like to correct that. We have a full presence in East as well, though supplied 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
from Northern, Western and Southern parts of the plant. And once Kharagpur comes up, it will 
give us the logistics cost reduction. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, Kharagpur will reduce the per kilometer per litre travel by the average of product. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood. That's clear and helpful. My second question was in the B2B e-Commerce space, 
and glad to know we have crossed the annual run rate of ₹5,000 crores in the quarter. So here, I 
just wanted to understand the target seems to be now like very much in reach and much sooner 
probably. But from a profitability perspective, isn't the run rate of ₹5,000 crores itself helping 
us to turn positive at the EBITDA level? Or you think no, still, we'll need more time to be 
profitable? If you could just give some directional guidance, will be very helpful? 
Sandeep Komaravelly: 
Thanks, Navin, for the question. This is Sandeep here. So, a couple of pointers on what you were 
mentioning. Yes, on the scale-up part, we've been doing well. And every quarter, we've been 
seeing consistent growth because of our increase in the number of categories that we are 
presenting and also the geographies that we cover, which has really helped us grow our customer 
base and the overall revenues. Also, a lot of the things that we are doing on the technology front, 
whether it is our logistics capability or providing end-to-end visibility for our buyers is also 
helping a steep growth curve. And as you rightly hinted, our earlier stated goal of hitting ₹8,500 
crores, which is $1 billion, we'll probably get there faster if we continue this growth rate. And 
what we had earlier also stated is that at that scale is when we will probably break even at an 
EBITDA level. We're still a new business; we started around 2 years back. And we probably are 
one of the fastest growing B2B e-commerce platform to have hit this scale in 2 years, but we 
still remain in the investment phase. We are still building our overall teams, technology 
capability. A lot of what we build is built ground up, given the complexity that is involved in 
how B2B e-commerce platform needs to operate. So, we continue to invest in that, continue to 
build capability around logistics infrastructure, around how we build seamless fulfilment 
experience. So those investments will continue even into the next year. But at the scale that I 
mentioned, we should be breaking even at an EBITDA level. That's from my side now. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Praful Kumar from Dymon Asia. 
Praful Kumar: 
Sir, many congratulations on a great Birla Opus performance. Just one question. When we 
launched the brand, we had a ₹10,000 crore top line in 3 years' vision. Given this macro 
slowdown that we are seeing, and the seasonality in the H2, which if we annualize over time, 
how do we intend to reach that target in terms of top line because a lot of distribution and initial 
excitement about the brand is already that we are seeing in the quarterly run rate? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, the ₹10,000 crore guidance within 3 years of full-scale operations, obviously, it takes into 
account that 3 years is a long period, and you will have periods of some slowdown and periods 
of growth. As far as we are concerned, we are absolutely positive that the medium-term outlook 
will improve while the market has been slow. So, I think a couple of quarters here and there 
doesn't bother for us because the outlook for India is going to be bright. So, we don't really 
bother, and we also managed to that. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Praful Kumar: 
Fair enough. And sir, second question is on the pricing. Given the leader is obviously you're 
taking market share, any action on the pricing that we have seen lately in the market? And how 
is your brand positioning versus the leader in terms of pricing today? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, you see, there are two aspects of pricing. What is relevant for the consumer is what price 
he'll be paying to my Birla Opus, which means what price dealers are charging for customers, 
and wherein the dealers are charging the same price as the market leader. So, Birla Opus is able 
to charge the consumers ready with the same price. In terms of other aspects, yes, we have seen 
that maybe in the economy segment, some of the competitors have tried to drop some prices, 
etc, but those are all factored in the plan. As we are concerned, we are giving great value to our 
customers. We are also having a unique proposition that on the 20-liter and 10-liter emulsions, 
anybody who buys it gets 10% free, which is going to the end users are not going to the dealer. 
That makes our value proposition very strong. So, from that point of view, we are well placed. 
And we anyway watch the market wherever we need to make any price differences. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nirav from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav: 
I have two questions on the chemical side. Sir, first is like when we see two bigger players 
putting up their caustic chlorine plant for captive chlorine requirement and existing players also 
putting up the downstream chlorine plants, is it a possibility that industry dynamics would 
change over a period in terms of chlorine pricing improving on the positive side, your thoughts 
here? And, ex of pipeline, what is our chlorine consumption internally? And how this ratio would 
look like once our CPVC and ECH plants are commissioned? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, a couple of things. Look, India, as you know, is a country with a very strong domestic 
consumption growth, right? So, you can do a calculation roughly 700 to 1,000 TPD per year is 
the organic growth of the industry as far as caustic is concerned, right? So domestic growth in 
India is going to grow strong. You know all the macroeconomic indicators. So, I think the first 
point I want to make is whatever excess capacity or new capacity comes into India will be 
absorbed by the Indian market through its natural growth, right? So that's the first point. Second 
point, as you correctly mentioned, the capacity is coming in essentially are PVC capacities. Now 
India, of course, is importing PVC. So, PVC ultimately is, you know, some game. PVC demand 
is not going to increase just because there are 2 large plants in India. So somewhere, the higher 
cost plants, and my guess is those would not be in India, would have to reduce their operating 
rates, correct, because caustic is their byproduct. 
 
So, from that perspective, and then there are certain players in the industry maybe who are less 
integrated, have a higher cash cost position, etc. So, from that perspective, while we may face 1 
or 2 years of choppy waters, it is unlikely that there is going to be a longer-term structural impact 
on the existing, right? Again, mainly because domestic demand is growing, Indian capacity of 
PVC will substitute capacity of PVC somewhere else. And within the Indian industry itself, there 
will be some amount of rationalization. 
 
I think the second point you asked is on integration. So, we basically look at overall integration 
which is after completion of our existing projects going to go from 65% to 70%. And we are 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
reasonably happy with that level of integration. And I will also tell you why we are reasonably 
happy with that level of integration. Because the newer capacities which are coming in related 
to PVC will be fully chlorine integrated. And chlorine demand typically grows 3% or so faster 
than caustic demand, right? So over time, you will see the result of the PVC capacity additions 
will mean that the net chlorine available to the Indian market is reduced. And to that extent, the 
negative chlorine will also start becoming less negative, right? 
Nirav: 
Correct. Sir, second question is on the epoxy side. So we have seen good sequential growth in 
the top line from the epoxy division. So how do you see the volumes of epoxy ramping up in FY 
'26 over FY '25 base? And with this tariff scenario playing out, do we see opening up of newer 
businesses in the export markets in terms of newer applications like advanced composites, 
thermoplastics, etc? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, I'll answer your second question first, right? Right now, what is happening is because of the 
entire tariff situation, the global flows are very uncertain. So, everybody is in a kind of situation 
where they buy only what they need. And this will take a little bit of time to set it up. Now 
assuming there will be differential tariffs on different countries, in some cases, of course, India 
will have an advantage, right? And while our current export volume is small, we may get some 
upside, and we may even get some ability to provide formulation products to the countries 
outside of India. Now having said that, the majority of our epoxy sales actually are catering 
domestic industry, they're catering domestic demand, which continues to be strong at Opus. So, 
if the tariff situation creates any opportunities for us, there will only be upside. I have to also say 
that some of it may also be countered by a few downsides. As you know, there is a Korean FTA 
that the industry is unhappy about on imports and epoxy from Korea. So, it's a bit fluid situation. 
I can paint scenarios, but I can't tell you which scenario will actually work out. But again, most 
of our epoxy sales by and large are catering domestic demand, which over time will continue to 
grow. So, we to expect the epoxy business in India to have a solid growth rate. We will continue 
to participate in that growth and continue maintain and increase our market share. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shreya Banthia from Oaklane Capital Management. 
Shreya Banthia: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. So, my question is also regarding the chemicals 
division. If you could just throw some light on the capacity utilization of the epoxy plant and 
what was the bifurcation into your liquid epoxy and the value-added product, that would be my 
first question? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
I will continue to maintain that we have a high market share. We have exclusive dealers. We 
continue to maintain our share and we continue to grow our share. 
Shreya Banthia: 
Understood. And what was the negative chlorine realization for the quarter and for the year? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, chlorine realization last quarter was not so great, right? At the lowest, I think you'll touch 
like minus ₹9,000 or something. However, it is showing an improvement trends. 
Shreya Banthia: 
And for full year, sir? 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Jayant Dhobley: 
For the full year, negative chlorine realization was in the range of about ₹6000 to ₹7000, I won't 
quote an exact number, but in that range. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Singh from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
My first question is on the paint business. So, we have given in the investor presentation that 
B2B e-commerce annualized revenue run rate was around ₹50 billion in this quarter. So, does it 
mean that there, the revenue was closer to ₹12.5 billion, ₹13 billion and this was from the paint 
revenues? Also, if we exclude the putty business, then is our market share closer to 7.5%, 8%? 
And would you like to set some interim target for losses? So, we have said that we will be 
profitable when we reach the revenue of ₹1,000 crores. Does it mean that we should look a 
situation that we: will be EBITDA breakeven only when we reach at ₹10,000 crores? Or it should 
be prior to that? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, I think you talked about the revenue of B2B e-commerce business. But the Birla Opus is 
separate and our B2B business is separate. So, I'll focus on the Birla Opus part. So, on the Birla 
Opus part, we said that the market share of the putty business and the Birla Opus paint business 
put together is in double digits. And like we said, Birla Opus by itself is in high single digits. 
So, you can work backwards as you feel like, but the number will come in the same ballpark in 
which you're talking about. As far as profitability is concerned, we said our ambition is to be 
₹10,000 crores full scale 3-year operation and be EBITDA breakeven. Now whether I breakeven 
at ₹10,000 crores or whether I can be breakeven at ₹9,000 or ₹9,500 crores or somewhere in the 
journey in that ballpark range, we will manage it as we move ahead. That is the guiding point. 
But I think that's how we should read that number. And just to clarify, again, the B2B business 
is a separate business, and they have declared annualized ₹5,000 crores, and Birla Opus is 
separate with the kind of market share that we're working on. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
No, sir, what I meant that our Building Materials business segment, if we assume UltraTech is 
closer to ₹2,100 crores and B2B business, if we go by the presentation number, is around ₹1,250 
crores, ₹1,300 crores, so paint business comes out to be around ₹900 crores. That is what I meant 
when I quoted this number. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
That is, you’re working, and we appreciate your working. But also, Pavan has declared on earlier 
calls also that at the suitable time, we will share all the numbers. And I think we should take that 
right now. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
Got it, sir. My second question is on CSF. So how is global demand/supply now? Because I am 
seeing that there has been a pressure on CSF prices. At the same time, pulp prices are also coming 
down. So, does it mean that all the benefits are being passed on by global players also because 
of the weak demand situation? Or do we read something different into this? 
Vadiraj Kulkarni: 
So, the demand in terms of operable demand globally, it is muted. It's not growing big time, but 
China has seen a dip in the demand and because from mid-April onwards because of tariff 
uncertainty, there is some kind of a wait-and-watch approach being taken by the value chain 
player, which is getting a little better now. So, I think the price correction will be around two 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
counts, one is because there has been, China demand has slowed down. And of course, China 
has a large capacity, so they determine how international prices play out. Two, yes, pulp prices 
have significantly come down in the last 2 to 3 months. So yes, part of that is also helping contain 
in terms of margins. So obviously, when the pulp prices drop, there is also an effect on the 
pricing in the market. So, let's say, you're right on both counts. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is on both VSF and Chemical. Firstly, VSF, we have ended this quarter at like 
a 7, 8 quarter low unit EBITDA per kg for the segment. With the declining prices for both pricing 
in the top line and cost, as you said, so you're looking at even weaker performance like in first 
half FY '26 or like is this the bottom of 8 quarters, which we have made like in Q4? And in 
Chemical business, I had a question, like we have now hit 1.5 million capacities there. So do we 
expect to grow double the industry growth in FY '26 or like in line industry growth at like 
probably 5% to 7% because that has been a kind of growth in past few quarters for the segment. 
Pavan Jain: 
So, on the VSF profitability, as Mr. Vadiraj has already shared in the last question that there is 
kind of uncertainty because of these tariff issues globally, I mean, different countries playing 
out that tariff issues. So, there is a demand slowdown in the China market. So, to that extent, 
yes, there will be a weakness. We don't give the guidance for FY '26 kind of profit numbers. We 
have given you the macro kind of situation. But as the tariff uncertainties situation has a better 
clarity about, I mean, how the sale is going to pan out, I think we will have to, till then, we will 
have to wait and watch kind of situation.  
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes, I'll take the chemicals question. Jayant here. So, look, you have correctly pointed out our 
headline capacity number. But as we have declared in the last couple of calls, including this 
quarter's call, we have had a few technical issues in our plant where we have lost a few 
percentage points of utilization. So, as we go into next year, we will be benefited by the 
improving reliability of our plants, and we are already starting to see that plus the market growth. 
So, if you look specifically at next year, then we will be able to grow equal to and probably 
higher than the market because our plants will perform back to their usual level of utilization. 
The last 3 to 6 months have been a little bit abnormal for us. If you look at the specialty chemical 
part of our portfolio, we have more than sufficient capacity in our chlorine derivatives to 
continue to grow with the higher growth rate of the chlorine derivative industry. That usually 
grows 2-3 percentage points faster than the best caustic portfolio. And it's a portfolio, so capacity 
calculations are complicated, but what I can indicate is that we have enough capacity to grow 
equal to the market. And the same lies for our epoxy portfolio. We have more than sufficient 
capacity, both in base resins, formulations, and specialties to grow with the much higher growth 
rate of the epoxy industry. So, I think you can expect equal to or possibly above-market growth 
for next year. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: 
My question is on the paint sector. Just want to understand as we are in FY'26, given the current 
demand scenario and also the competitive landscape, from your lens, how do you see FY'26 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
panning out from a growth perspective? And also, is there a need for us to embrace higher 
discounting this year versus what we have done last year? That's my question. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Sheela, if you look at it from a year which has gone by point of view, if you exclude Birla Opus, 
then the market has actually been negative. So, the market has actually been negative. And if 
you add Birla Opus, then the market has been positive in low single-digit numbers. What we see 
today is that the market is still slow. And while it will be difficult to predict how FY '26 would 
go, but it could be that FY '26 remains a low single-digit growth here. Obviously, the basis for 
last year is also low, so that could be slightly different. Now whether you need to do price 
discount is a strategy which I think the other players also have to decide what to do because 
usually when you do a price discount, it leads to more price discounting by all the players in the 
market. What ultimately is needed is that the end consumer, who is using, should get the product 
at a lower cost, which is not usually guaranteed. So, we will have to watch in terms of how the 
price evolves in the market. As far as we are concerned, we are giving good value, and we will 
continue to do what we are doing. But yes, the market seemingly at the moment seems to be on 
the same track as it was, say, in the last quarter. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. One follow-up. When you talked about luxury premium segment to be 65% of 
revenues, and I know you clarified in one of the earlier questions, just want to understand, is 
there any market flavor which you can add here as to which markets are kind of accepting these 
kinds of products? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, luxury and premium products sell across India. While yes, there are certain markets which 
sell, for example, Kerala sells a very high proportion of exterior luxury, Gujarat sells very high 
proportion of interior luxury. There are definitive markets, up North, Punjab, they sell a lot of 
high-value good finish. So, the market behaviour for us from a luxury premium, our products 
have acceptance in all the geographies. And because we've done a lot of work with contractors 
and contractors are able to appreciate the quality of products, so from our point of view, there 
are markets where these categories are already big. But as we are still a single share player, we 
have found acceptance everywhere in all regions and all over. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Incrementally, I'll add that in aspiration, consumers today want to upgrade their quality of paints. 
And we are a little surprised that the industry has been downgrading their products by offering 
larger scheme at the lower end while the consumer aspiration is more at the medium and the 
upper end of this because more, as they want to upgrade the quality of homes and as such, their 
focus is to get better aesthetics. So whether it is in wood, whether it is in waterproofing solution, 
there is more demand for a 10-year plus products. The same applies to emulsion products, both 
interior and exterior. And even in wood finish, clearly demand is more on the luxury and 
premium side of the products. So there is an overall trend change. And while Rakshit did mention 
there is a slowdown, I believe the slowdown was more led by over focus of industry by 
downgrading their products. As the price stabilization happens, the industry will come back to 
its natural double-digit demand. So, volume was not the slowdown. The issue was primarily on 
the value primarily. And once the overall industry focuses on the mid- to higher end of the 
product categories across all business categories, we will find the industry should come back to 
double-digit growth. We are very confident of that over a period of time. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, to add, we have done a lot of research before we were launching. And it was very clear that 
even the so-called lower LSM or lower FCC consumer was of the opinion that if I'm going to 
paint my house once in 5, 6 years, I actually want something which is good in quality. And 
hence, focusing on the higher value and quality products, if the industry works from that line, it 
will be beneficial for everyone. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take the last question from the line of Rohit 
Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, my question is on the chlor-alkali business. So, in the earlier question, you alluded about the 
chlorine situation being on the long side. Given that the chlorine will be captively consumed for 
PVC by the new players and there will be long on the caustic side, what's your perspective in 
terms of the ECUs, whether structurally the ECUs will be closer to, say, 30-plus prices or there 
is a possibility that the current kind of ECUs and slightly improving trend, we will be able to see 
even after those capacities come in? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Your question is very similar to the question that Nirav had asked. So, I'll give a similar reply. 
Remember, the pricing of caustic in India is set by import parity. Similarly, pricing of PVC in 
India is set by import parity. Now when these large PVC players come in, it's not going to change 
India's demand significantly, right? There will be a substitution potentially of imported PVC by 
Indian PVC. Correspondingly, PVC operating rates outside of India will come under pressure. 
If you study the markets in North Asia, you will realize which are the higher cost PVC producers. 
Correspondingly, supply of caustic in the international market will also come under pressure. 
And ultimately, as I mentioned earlier, it's a big market. Caustic is a very big market. There are 
many moving parts than only the PVC capacity that is coming into India. So, we don't feel that 
structurally, over the long term, it will have a negative impact on caustic prices. However, there 
will be certain quarters where there will be demand-supply mismatches, price dislocations will 
happen. So, there will be more volatility for sure. But it's not like there is going to be a structural 
issue in the industry. At least that's not what our thesis is. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Got it, sir. And second question is on the ECH front. So, the ECH guide that is coming up, 
will it be completely suffice for captive consumption? And if so, will there be additional 
requirement which we'll be taking from the market that we are probably currently doing? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, I will only answer one part of your question. So yes, the ECH project that we are doing is 
meant for captive needs. What my commercial strategy is on ECH, I would not like to disclose 
on this call. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer session. On behalf of 
Grasim Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
