 
 
 
 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
Registered office – 6th Floor, Plot No 15, Institutional Area, Sector 44, Gurgaon, Haryana-122002 
CIN: L65922HR1998PLC042782, Phone No +91-124-4131800 
 
 
E-mail: customer.care@indiashelter.in, Website: www.indiashelter.in 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544044 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: INDIASHLTR 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we would like to inform you that the transcripts of the earnings conference call 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, held on May 12, 2025, is available on the website 
of the Company. 
 
The transcripts can be accessed from the link given below: 
 
https://www.indiashelter.in/investor-relations 
 
Further, we confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in 
the meeting. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
     For India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
Mukti Chaplot  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Mem. No. 38326 
 
 
MUKTI 
CHAPLOT
Digitally signed by 
MUKTI CHAPLOT 
Date: 2025.05.15 
17:36:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited Q4FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RUPINDER SINGH – MD & CEO 
MR. ASHISH GUPTA - CFO 
MR. RAHUL RAJAGOPALAN - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
This is a transcription of the earnings call conducted on 12th May 2025. The audio recording can be accessed using the 
following link, https://www.indiashelter.in/investor-relations 
DISCLAIMER: 
Transcript may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recording will prevail. 
 
 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to India Shelter Q4 FY25 Earnings Call. I 
will now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul for the management introduction. Over to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Rajagopalan: 
Thank you, Renish. Good morning, everyone. I take this opportunity to thank ICICI Securities 
for hosting our call today. I extend a warm welcome to all the participants on our Q4FY25 
earnings conference call. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through our investor 
presentation and press release uploaded on the Stock Exchanges. We have also uploaded the 
Excel fact sheet on our website. 
 
With me today, I have Mr. Rupinder Singh, MD and CEO; Mr. Ashish Gupta:, our CFO. I now 
request Mr. Rupinder Singh, our MD and CEO, to brief you all about the company's 
performance. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rupinder Singh: 
Thank you, Rahul ji. A very good morning, everyone. On behalf of the company, I extend a 
warm welcome to all of you. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Looking back at the 
past year, I take immense pride in sharing our progress and achievements that have marked our 
journey towards responsible growth. India remains a land of boundless opportunities, where 
rising aspirations for homeownership and increasing financial inclusion are shaping the 
affordable housing finance sector. 
 
As a company committed to making homeownership accessible to underserved communities, 
we have reinforced our foundation by fostering trust, driving efficiencies and creating 
meaningful impact. Demand for affordable housing finance continues to accelerate across Tier 
2, Tier 3 and fast-growing micro markets. Rising disposable income driven by expanding job 
opportunities in various sectors are reshaping consumer aspiration in these regions. 
 
On that note, let me move towards the quarterly update. We are pleased to announce that the 
company delivered strong operational performance in the fourth quarter of financial year '25, 
driven by demand environment in affordable housing segment. We delivered an AUM growth 
of 35% year-on-year, reaching an AUM of Rs. 8,189 crores. In quarter 4 financial year '25, we 
disbursed Rs. 933 crores, registering a growth of 25% year-on-year, whereas in financial year 
'25, we disbursed Rs. 3,335 crores, registering a growth of 25% year-on-year. During the quarter, 
our branch network expanded to 266 branches in total and during the year, we added 43 new 
branches as per the plan. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
On profitability metrics, PAT for the quarter came in at Rs. 108 crores, registering a growth of 
39% year-on-year. It's the first time that we achieved PAT of more than Rs. 100 crores in a single 
quarter. Return on assets came in at 5.8% and return on equity further improved to 16.3%, this 
is the first quarter post listing, where we delivered the ROE above 16%. Our net worth now 
stands at Rs. 2,709 crores.  
We continue to maintain a guidance of:  
• 
Branch addition of 40 to 45 for the year  
• 
Margins of around 6%  
• 
Credit cost of around 40 to 50 bps 
• 
Loan growth of around 30% to 35% to reach AUM of Rs. 30,000 crores by March 
2030 
 
Lastly, as we remain committed towards sustainable finance, the Board has approved the ESG 
policy. Through the implementation of this policy, we seek to achieve a sustainable future for 
our stakeholders and future generations. 
 
Now I would like to hand over call to Mr. Ashish Gupta, our CFO, to take you through the 
financial metrics. Over to you, Ashish ji. 
Ashish Gupta: 
Thanks, Rupinder ji. Good morning, friends. Let me take you through the key financial numbers.  
AUM as on March '25 is Rs. 8,189 crores. Year-on-year growth in AUM is 35%, in line with 
our guidance. Quarter-on-quarter growth in AUM is 7%. Total income for quarter is up by 34% 
year-on-year, largely driven by 35% growth in AUM. Quarter-on-quarter, total income is up by 
8%.  
Our portfolio yield is stable at 14.9%. Disbursement yield for the year is 15% versus 14.9% in 
previous year. Our bucket cost of fund is down by 10 basis points in Q4 to 8.7%, driven by lower 
marginal cost of fund at 8.6% in Q4 and reset in few of our borrowing linked to repo rate. 
 
Share of NHB funding is stable at 15% year-on-year. We have undrawn sanction of Rs. 200 
crores to be drawn in Q1FY26. With this, our lending margins are up by 10 basis points to 6.2% 
and are consistently above 6%, in line with our guidance for medium term.  
On liquidity side, we are comfortably placed with liquidity of Rs. 1,480 crores, including 
undrawn sanction of about Rs. 900 crores. Our ALM is positive across all the buckets. 
 
Net income for the quarter is up by 33% year-on-year basis and 6% up on quarter-on-quarter 
basis. On interest rate risk side, we have been able to bring down the percentage of fixed rate 
portfolio funded by variable rate liabilities from about 45% last year to about 18% this year. We 
are committed to further reduce this in coming 12 to 18 month’s time. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Coming to opex, our year-on-year growth in opex is lower than growth in AUM, resulting in 
better cost ratios. Opex to AUM for the quarter is down by 10 basis points quarter-on-quarter 
and down by 20 bps year-on-year. 
 
On asset quality side, DPD 30 is at 3.1%, down by 60 basis points quarter-on-quarter. Stage 3 is 
at 1%, down by 20 bps quarter-on- quarter. With improvement in asset quality, credit cost for 
the quarter is 20 basis points and for the year, it is at 40 basis points, which is in line with our 
guidance. PCR for Stage 3 asset is stable at 25%. Our total ECL is Rs. 64 crores against the 
regulatory threshold of Rs. 37 crores. Adequate provisioning buffers are in place. 
 
If you look at our BT out rate, it is stable below 6%. On PAT, we have crossed the important 
milestone of Rs. 100 crores a quarter on the back of strong volumes, margins and credit cost. 
PAT for the quarter is Rs. 108 crores year-on-year up by 39%, quarter-on- quarter up by 12%. 
PAT for the year is Rs. 378 crores year-on-year up by 53%. 
 
RoA for the quarter is 5.8% and RoA for the full year is 5.6%. RoE for the full year is 15.1%. 
During the quarter, we have crossed the milestone of 16% ROE for the first-time post IPO and 
ended the quarter with RoE of 16.3% at a leverage of 2.9x. 
 
With this, I conclude, and now we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Varun from Kotak Securities. 
Varun: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I had a couple of questions. The first one is regard to the 
Karnataka portfolio. There appears to be a decline in the portfolio in 4Q. Is it because the e-
khata issue has not been settled yet? Or are there any other issues you're seeing? 
 
The second is with regard to collections, while overall collections are good and you have 
reported significant decline in stressed assets, are there any trends you're seeing in Karnataka, 
Tamil Nadu or MP, these particular states, whether the collections have improved, where they 
are up compared to last year or last quarter? 
 
And third, I had a data keeping question, but you've already given the breakup of fixed and 
floating loans on borrowing side. Just wanted to break up on the benchmark that they are linked 
to? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Thank you, Varun, for the questions. I'll go one by one.  
About Karnataka, we have portfolio of around 6.3%, there is a slight dip of some 20 bps, 30 bps. 
Obviously, these are the reasons which you know very well in the market. Thankfully, India 
Shelter distribution portfolio has been spread across country since the very formative years, so 
that there is no impact in any case. So yes, these are a few challenges which are obviously going 
to come when you're in the operational business. But otherwise, there's no major impact on that 
side. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
So I think we'll be able to cover, as the time keeps building up in the future also. So today, we 
are at around 6.3% of portfolio in Karnataka.  
Varun: 
Yes. Just that overall collections are looking fine, but are you seeing any issues in Karnataka or 
Tamil Nadu or MP, especially given that Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have this ordinance of bill 
coming into effect? 
Rupinder Singh: 
This Tamil Nadu piece came very recently. Even in Karnataka, if you see overall, there is a 
decent traction. Yes, they may have missed a little bit of target here and there because there's 
always challenges, which does happen when any shift happens in the operational activity. But 
accordingly, we keep preparing ourselves and growing around. So nothing to worry on that side. 
Like Karnataka, where we have a 6% of portfolio. Same in Tamil Nadu, we have around 6% of 
portfolio. So we doesn't think there is anything, which is challenging and worrisome for us 
around that side. 
Ashish Gupta: 
And coming to your question on this benchmark about the portfolio, our portfolio is linked to 
our PLR, which is variable rate. And coming to the liabilities, on liability side, 30% of our 
liabilities are linked to RBI repo rate or the T-Bill and then about 55% of the borrowings are 
linked to MCLR. Out of the total 55%, 20% is linked to 3 months and remaining 80% is linked 
to the 1 year or 6- month MCLR and remaining about 15% is fixed. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
Congrats on this quarter's numbers. Just three questions from my side. One is on the fee income 
part. So apart from the processing fee, if I look at the other fees and commission line item, that 
has grown quite substantially this year. So what is driving that? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So Raghav the processing fees that we get on our loan disbursement get amortized over the 
period of the loan and comes under the head of interest income. Coming to the rest of the fee 
and commission income, the larger portion of the income is coming by way of cross-sell on the 
insurance. And then part of the income is coming from foreclosure of loans and then and there's 
the routine servicing of the loan. So as you may be aware that during the Q1, we have got our 
corporate agency license. So as the license income has got stabilized now, so you are seeing 
some spike in the overall commission income. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. The second question is on assignment margin, so it appears that the assignment 
margin dipped this quarter on a quarter- on-quarter basis. Is that because you may have done 
more of HL assignment this quarter than non-HL -- or there's something else to it? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So as a matter of policy, we only do LAP direct assignment transactions. But the margins depend 
on various factors that what is the residual tenure of the loan that we have sold, what is the 
seasoning and what is the ROI of that underlying loan. So basis that the margin income comes 
up. So it completely depends on the underlying pool. But there is no change certainly in HL and 
LAP. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. And what's your expectation of reduction in funding costs on a full year basis in 
FY '26 versus '25? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So as we have said that about 30% of our total funding is linked to the repo rate and T-bill. For 
that, we will keep getting the rate benefit on an immediate basis. But for the rest of the larger 
portion of the borrowing, which is linked to MCLR, the benefit will keep coming in a staggering 
manner, and it will depend on how much the pass on that the bank will do on the MCLR cut. So 
if the 50 basis point rate cut has already happened, we have already got a 10 basis point cut. So 
maybe another 10 basis points may be there in 3 to 6 months kind of time and rest will be 
dependent on the cut in MCLR. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. When you say 30% linked to repo or T-bill, you are saying including assignment, 
right, the fee -- funding mix that you gave in the presentation? Or is it the on-book mix only? 
Ashish Gupta: 
Generally, it is similar on the on-book and the DA side. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, my question is on the new branch addition, and you also give out a metric on AUM per 
branch of your vintage up to 1 year, 1 to 3 years and all of that. So clearly, the new branches that 
you've been adding, the AUM per branch has picked up quite a bit over there, particularly in 4Q. 
Is this more of a function of the new branches that you've opened are more in Tier 1, 2 cities 
than in smaller cities? And also, so the reason I'm asking this is because the 1-year AUM per 
branch has sort of moved -- remained range bound in the past 6 quarters of numbers that you've 
given out, but the new branch addition seems to have much better AUM outlook. Can you help 
us understand that? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Yes. So as an experiment, what we did last year, most of our branches got opened in the first 
quarter itself. That I think if you see go back on the data side also, quarter 1, we tried to open 
the branch as per the plan that time. And by the time we covered 3 quarters, I think that has 
picked up. There's no strategy about opening branches in Tier 1. We still not very gung-ho about 
the Tier 1 market, typically when we talk about affordable housing the segments that we are 
getting around that side. It's only that we preponed the plan instead of staggering across the year, 
we did this experiment last year, and I think it worked a little bit and that's helpful on that side. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sure. Understood. So the new 40 to 45 branch addition guidance that you've given, that also 
you'll do in a similar manner going ahead? 
Rupinder Singh: 
No, this year, we are making some different changes. Every time you have to see some ways 
how it can be more effective. That's the internal strategy. But overall, this year, again, we're 
going to open around 43 to 45 branches. So a different way of setting it. So it's not like last year, 
but maybe we come up with a better idea this time. We'll probably convey as time progresses. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aman from PhillipCapital. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Aman: 
Yes. So sir, congrats on a good set of numbers. So one question is on the repayment rates. So if 
I look at your repayments rate, they have climbed up sequentially, right? And you also mentioned 
of some foreclosures. So could you give us a sense on as to why -- I mean, is it because of some 
competitive intensity that we are seeing in -- I mean, is it something also of seasonality? Some 
clarity on that would be really helpful. 
Ashish Gupta: 
While calculating the amortization rate, you might not have been considering the impact of co-
lending that we have done. So co-lending portfolio that we like originate for the banks, we don't 
consider this as a part of AUM. So we will have to factor in from the disbursement number, 
while computing the amortization rate. It is better than last year. 
Aman: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, secondly would be on the co-lending part of our book. So we are at 57% 
housing loans on a portfolio level and about 43% on the loan again property, right, LAP. And 
that is where we, I assume, do most of our DA business, direct assignment. Now isn't this a bit 
aggressive from a housing finance company standpoint? I mean, is that something of a risk that 
we see down the line, where an RBI might come down on you that, okay, you're being too 
aggressive in the LAP portfolio? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So if you look at our overall AUM, yes you are right that our housing loan portfolio is at 57%. 
But if you look at the on-balance sheet portfolio, so as you have rightly said that for direct 
assignment, we do it for LAP portfolio. So at the on-book balance sheet level, the proportion of 
housing loan is at about 67%. So we are well compliant with the RBI regulation on this particular 
PBC criteria. 
Aman: 
Sir, any plans on maybe running down this book a bit or maybe slowing down disbursements in 
the LAP portfolio? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Instead of slowing down LAP portfolio, we'd always insist of taking up our HL portfolio. So this 
57% eventually would tweak to respected level of some 60%, 61%. So that things are very well 
taken care of in full threshold form. So we're not pulling down LAP, but we definitely will take 
up our HL. We have a plan around that side. So as the quarter progress, you’ll see it progressing.  
Aman: 
And sir, one last question, if I may. So my last question would be on the competitive intensity, 
right? So we have seen a lot of your bigger players also getting into the affordable market, right? 
So how do you see that affecting you? Or maybe if you could just elaborate a bit more on what 
is our right to win in such competitive markets? I mean, Rajasthan being one of them. So just 
some clarity on that would be helpful? Thank you. 
Rupinder Singh: 
Well, we are a player of Tier 2, Tier 3 markets, basically, which is a deep down into geography. 
Maintaining our ticket size of around Rs. 10-11 lakhs and sourcing is through our direct team 
instead of depending upon third-party channels. And this is a quite operational expensive activity 
around that side. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
So to build this DNA, you require thousands of people, hundreds of branches and then focusing 
on this market. So large players do have a tendency to take the business to next level instantly if 
they do. So replicating this model becomes a little difficult. So the way we serve, you require to 
come to this level around that side. We are into business from last 15 years and so many players 
keep coming around, big and small, all kind of that. Everyone has to find their own forte 
accordingly.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Adityapal Jaggi from MSA Capital Partners. 
Adityapal Jaggi: 
Sir, great set of performance. Just wanted to quickly get a few data keeping questions. That is 
how much would be our 1+ DPD? And what would be our total gross write-off for FY25 and 
for this quarter and the collections of our earlier write-offs for this year and this quarter? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So if you look at our DPD 1, it is at about 7%, and we have done a write-off of about Rs. 8 crores 
this year. But however, we have parallelly recovered about Rs. 6 crores from the loans that we 
have written off in the previous years. So there is no material impact of write-offs in the credit 
cost this particular year. 
Adityapal Jaggi: 
Understood. And sir, so Andhra Pradesh and Telangana for the last 3 years have really performed 
well for us. So what is the strategy or what is working for us over there? And how do you think 
about this market, say, in the subsequent years? And another question on this strategy is that 
how are you thinking about state-wise AUM growth for FY26? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So it's not a one state specific focus we have. We are spread across the 15 states. Being a new 
geographies for us, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana compared to the other one like Rajasthan or 
Maharashtra or MP, I think being a small base, that looks good output in that sense. If you see 
in South, we are spread across 4 states, AP, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. Karnataka. 
Telangana, we are having some AUM of 6% and 4%. So with time, you will see the progress 
across there basically. It is not a state specific. Yes, there is a good productivity, which is coming 
from AP, Telangana also.  
Adityapal Jaggi: 
Understood. And sir, what would be a district penetration in states, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, 
Madhya Pradesh? And then what would be our market share in these geographies? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Look, we don't compare it in terms of what is my market share and all. Reason being mortgage 
finance is a humongous business, which is staggered into various ticket size, various forms in 
that sense. We play in a ticket size of Rs. 10 lakh to Rs. 11 lakh. There are competition, which 
are in affordable playing between the other set of ticket size simultaneously. So we see our 
continuous growth. And as we see compared to the last year, there's a continuous growth in 
Rajasthan and the rest of the states also. Rajasthan, we still have the highest AUM of 31%.  
Adityapal Jaggi: 
Got it. And sir, just last question. So our Stage 2 plus the GNPA does not match a 30-plus DPD. 
So intuitively, the 30-plus DPD should match our Stage 2 and GNPA. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Ashish Gupta: 
Yes, you are right. So there is some impact of the restructured loan that we have done during the 
COVID 1 and 2 schemes. So impact of the same is about 15 basis points to 20 basis points 
between the 30 plus Stage 2 plus Stage 3. 
Adityapal Jaggi: 
So that is the delta that is, I mean, that is the restructured book. 
Ashish Gupta: 
Yes, which is actually Stage 1 asset, but this is a conservative philosophy. We have considered 
slightly higher provision on that and consider that as a Stage 2 asset. But that book is doing fine 
now. 
Adityapal Jaggi: 
All right. All right. And sir, what would be a difference between unique customer collection? I 
-- you've given overall collection. What would be a unique customer collection. 
Ashish Gupta: 
So unique customer collection is at about 97% plus. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Capital. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Congrats on a good quarter and really appreciate the detailed presentation. My question was on 
GS3 coverage. So if you look at that number is closer to 25%. However, as we deepen our 
penetration in the existing and the newer states, do you see this 25% inching upward? Because 
if you look at some of the larger guys are having a much better PCR on GS3 ranging between 
50 to 60%, 65%. So do you see this 25% inching upward? And what is the credit cost that we 
are comfortable with? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So you need to differentiate between us and any other prime housing finance company. So while 
we underwrite the loan, we underwrite the loan only against the self-occupied residential 
property and average LTV of the portfolio is close to 52%. So if you go over the historical 
numbers, which are available for more than 12 years now, so the LGD that we have seen on our 
portfolio is close to 11%, 12%, including principal and interest. So the PCR of 25% that you are 
seeing on Stage 3 assets is actually 2x of what the actual provision is required. 
 
So basis on the management overlays and all that, we have been able to pull up this PCR to about 
25% that we feel is sufficient for this kind of business that we are doing. And on the overall 
credit cost, including the like growth on the Stage 1, Stage 2, Stage 3 asset, which is currently 
running at about 30%, 35% we are comfortable with about Rs. 40 to Rs. 45 paisa on the overall 
credit cost on the P&L. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. But sir, I mean, your LGD of 11% is -- I mean, seems much controlled than some of the 
peers. But the idea is that as we scale up and deepen our penetration, do you see this inching up 
or as a business model, you believe that this is what it should be closer to 25%. 
Ashish Gupta: 
So we have seen the last 5 to 7-year trend in the LGD, this remain broadly in the range of 10% 
to 12%. So in case the actual trend reflects some uptick, then probably we will increase our ECL 
provision as well. But in case not, then probably we will continue with the current numbers. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. And sir, have we -- in terms of customer profiles, have we sort of -- when we add newer 
branches, are we also able to see newer customer profiles being onboarded in our system in 
terms of underwriting them or in terms of filtering yes and no in those customer profiles? 
Rupinder Singh: 
We are largely catering the self-employed customer in these markets of Tier 2, Tier 3 and which 
includes all set of gamut on the customers, who are serving this vicinity. Obviously, we also 
have a list of negative profile, which we don't want to touch basically and that you can get as 
and when you want. So this is a matter of policy for us. So we are very clear this is the market 
which we have to serve it. If you see, we have not changed any large ticket size or things on that 
side. We continue to work between Rs. 5 to Rs. 30 lakh of ticket size and majorly into affordable 
mortgages. So it's nothing new that which has come up around that basically because the set of 
customers, who should have a collateral or property to offer in the same vicinity. So I think that 
gives a clear cut visualization of the questions that you are asking for. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Miten Lathia from Fractal Capital Investments. 
Miten Lathia: 
In the broader cohort that you mentioned sticking to Tier 2, Tier 3, maintaining a Rs. 10 lakh 
ticket size, direct sourcing, is that maintainable all the way to Rs. 30,000 crores of AUM? Or do 
you think along the way, we'll have to tweak this to get to that number? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So as the market is growing, your inflation is growing, the cost of construction is going. This 
Rs. 10 lakhs will obviously go up, but step by step. It's not an overnight change of shift or gear 
on that side. If you see 6 to 7 years back the ticket size used to Rs. 6 lakhs, Rs. 7 lakhs, today, it 
is Rs. 10 lakh. As we reach towards this another 4 to 5 years, you can see that this is going up. 
And by that time this may go up to Rs. 14 lakhs, Rs. 15 lakh of ticket size also. But yes, we want 
to continue to work in the affordable housing segment. Any new opportunity in terms of product 
opening, we always welcome into that piece. But it has to be very well taken care of risk 
adjustment business, not like just for the sake of doing it. So we'll be cautious, but yes, we'll be 
eager for going up there. 
Miten Lathia: 
So sorry to reemphasize, but up to Rs. 30,000, it will still be a direct sourcing model. You don't 
see a need to change that. 
Rupinder Singh: 
That will be our prime model. In case if you have to come with the new models, then definitely, 
we'll not be able to disturb the current one basically. We're not going to overload our current set 
of teams, who will be shifting from a direct sourcing model to some new models because of the 
expertise which this team has developed to with time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sonal from Asian Market Securities. 
Sonal: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So I have two questions. One is on this fee and commission 
income. So if I look at it as a percentage of assets or on disbursements, this number has inched 
up quite significantly. Now just a few questions here. If you could just help us with the breakup, 
how much is the insurance income in this fee and commission income? 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
And second is how many insurance companies have you tied up with? Do you also provide any 
insurance loan to the end customer? That is my first question. And second is with focus shifting 
to floating rate advances, how do you see yields moving from here? 
Ashish Gupta: 
Yes, Sonal. So if you look at the breakup of the total other income or the fee and commission 
income, so about 50% of the income is coming by way of cross-sell. And while giving the 
insurance, we also fund the customer loan in case we want to do that.   
And remaining about 20% of the income come by way of foreclosure charges on the loan and 
remaining 20% comes on the loan servicing fees in the form of bounce charges, cash handling 
charges, etc. And remaining 10% of the income comes from the co-lending fees that we are 
doing. So on the co-lending loans, we get upfront fees share on the processing fees that we 
charge from the customer. 
Sonal: 
Sure. And sir, just one more clarification here. So you said that 50% income is coming from 
cross-sell of insurance. So I mean, whatever loans we disbursed during 4Q. So if you could just 
indicate how many customers or borrowers have kind of opted for insurance and probably how 
many of them have we funded during the quarter? 
Ashish Gupta: 
Sure. So we do primarily 2 types of insurance. One is property insurance, wherein we see a good 
penetration rate wherein more than 90% of the customer go for the insurance. And another is 
credit life insurance, wherein we see a penetration of upward of 80%, wherein customer go for 
the credit life insurance for about 5 to 7 year basis their behavioral expectation of the loan. And 
coming back to your old question, so we are working with about 4 insurance companies for the 
life and the property insurance. 
Sonal: 
Got it. And sir, on the floating rate advances, I understand you'll be able to maintain your 6% 
plus spreads, but how do you see the yields moving from here? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So floating rate loan that we have said that is constituting about 45% of the portfolio. So on that 
portfolio, there is a structure that the loan is like semi-variable kind of structure wherein it is 
fixed for some initial 3 years period and then it is variable. So these loans are linked to our own 
PLR basis the cost of fund and the opex of the company. So as and when that will change in the 
future, probably we may pass on some benefit to the customer as well. 
Sonal: 
But sir, the initiation of the contract, could you just help me with the difference between what 
will be charged during the fixed rate period and what will be charged during when it becomes 
floating rate or variable rate. 
Ashish Gupta: 
So the rate is similar. It's not a teaser loan kind of product where the initial rate is slightly lower 
and the subsequent rate will be higher. It's a flat rate of product wherein customer rate remains 
fixed for initial 3 years. And this is the moment after 3 years, the customer rate might change in 
future. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jainis Chheda from Kemfin Family Office. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Jainis Chheda: 
Congrats on the good set of numbers. Sir, when you talk about this Rs. 30,000 crores AUM by 
March 30, what will be the ROA by then since on scale, do we expect a dip in the others? 
Ashish Gupta: 
Yes. So our ROA is currently is about 5.6% for the year, but our leverage is close to 2.9x. So as 
the leverage will increase from here, our ROA will moderate from there. So we expect that down 
the line, 2 years from here, we will be touching close to 4x kind of leverage. At that point of 
time, you will see some moderation in ROA close to 4.5% that you could expect. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Okay. And I'm assuming this Rs. 30,000 crores will not require any additional equity raise? 
Rupinder Singh: 
It would require eventually, I think, but I think it will take another 3 years to reach there. We're 
talking about Rs. 30,000 crores in 5 years of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit, an Individual Investor. 
Rohit: 
Yes. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I had just one question. What can be the 
trajectory of ROE going forward, sir, for the next two financial years, FY26 and FY27? That's 
my question. 
Ashish Gupta: 
So as we have said that -- so in the previous question that currently, our RoA is at about 5.6%. 
This is the low leverage of the company. So RoE is a function of ROA and the leverage. So as 
we will progress, our leverage will be increasing, and ROA will be moderating. But as we have 
ended the Q4 with about 16% plus ROE, you can expect a similar trajectory or the upward 
trajectory in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Renish Bhuva: from ICICI Securities. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Just two questions from my side. So one on this LAP portfolio, right? So of course, you've been 
growing this portfolio at almost 30%, 35% plus over the last 2 to 3 years. And given this 
ordinance in TN and Karnataka, do you foresee any disturbance in collection in LAP portfolio 
at least as of now? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think not exactly as of now. We are just taking stock of situation regularly on that side. So if 
you see current state of affair, we can't see instantly some kind of jittery on that side. But yes, 
we are cautious about if anything happens, we'll be first to come back to you on this. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. And sir, would you like to share the overlap of LAP portfolio with MFI customers? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think it's around 3.5%, 4%, but this is a very old customers we are talking about. We did do 
our scrub a quarter back or so and largely, when we see the delinquency ratio also, there's no 
very large spurt on that side. It's a range bound again. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. So 3.5% to 4% of LAP book or total book? 
Rupinder Singh: 
It is total book. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. It is of total book. Okay. Got it. And sir, secondly, in this next phase of growth, wherein 
we are sort of planning to reach Rs. 30.000-odd crores by March 30. And when we look at the 
geographical concentration or presence, we are still 30% plus in Rajasthan. So going ahead, 
which are the key states which will sort of drive the growth for us? And where do you see the 
share of Rajasthan settling maybe over next 2 to 3 years? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think with the progress of time, every state starts performing in that sense. And Rajasthan is 
still a flagship zone for us and delivering a wonderful numbers in that sense. Though they'll 
continue to maintain their momentum typically on the disbursement side, but that's definitely 
because of the impact of other states growing and they're settling down, there will be more 
growth coming from those states. I feel this will start settling down and another 4, 5 years, they 
will come less than 25%, if you talk about Rajasthan per se basically. If you ask the other states, 
which is coming around, I feel good scope in South, all 4 markets typically, right, as we see that. 
Consistency, you can see with -- both in Maharashtra and MP. And new things, green shoot you 
can see coming from other states like UP or Haryana.  
Renish Bhuva: 
But -- okay. So would you like to spell out any, let's say, 2, 3 markets, where we are focusing 
more incrementally? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think we should not discuss because of we are focusing in one market or the other. For us, all 
are being clear shot distinction. We chose the market, keeping in mind the objective of giving 
this affordable housing. Obviously, quarter-on-quarter we will be sharing the numbers. And 
because of that, when we focus it, if you see the India Shelter philosophy always is there, any 
branch which has to be opened, it should be very well controlled from the centralized team. So 
we have spread our distribution in such a way. And the system works in such a way that there 
should not be any distinction between the two markets because of the reasons that we feel that 
this is a good market, or the people are not good or something like that.  
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. And just a last bookkeeping question. Sir, what is the disbursement yield and incremental 
cost of fund? 
Ashish Gupta: 
Disbursement yield are currently at about 15% and our incremental cost of fund for Q4 was 
about 8.6%. So that was having some element of NHB funding as well. But on a stable state, 
you can say that our incremental cost of fund is also at about 8.7%, excluding NHB, which is 
similar to our average cost of fund. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. Got it. And maybe just the last question on the sourcing side. So sir, let's say, as on March, 
what percentage of disbursement is through branch sourcing and what percentage would be non-
branch sourcing? When I say non-branch it's basically Connector, DSA, digital marketing, 
etcetera. 
Rupinder Singh: 
So if you see entire thing, servicing of customers happens via the branch. The traction of digital 
is going up since we keep working the venues. But ultimately, all these leads and customers is 
been passed on to branches So branches are there to serve the customer. So digital sourcing is 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
picking up for us, where there are newer venues and still are in the experimental phase. So we 
have not commented much on the numbers around that side.  
Renish Bhuva: 
And DSA connector is practically zero for us as of now, right? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So from branch side, it is not. But yes, through digital, we have a certain aggregator, who are 
providing the lead that helps us out someway basically. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. 
Mona Khetan: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. I have 2, 3 clarifications. So firstly, what is the share 
of cash salary if at all we have any exposure there? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think the recent disbursement of cash salary is quite minimal. But overall, if you see among 
the salaried profile of 20% that we have, around 8%, 9% constitute cash salary But as of now, 
we are majorly focused on formal salary wherever we are doing in the smaller markets also. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. So 8%, 9% of the AUM? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Of the salaried profile 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. Of the 25% of salaried? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Yes, yes. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, just on the co-lending, so just wanted to understand this piece a 
little more. So the 20% of the book that comes at your end, is it yield dilutive? Or is it at the 
same yield? And also, on the opex, does the entire opex for the 100% of the loan come at the 
NBFC's end? Or how is it sort of distributed? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So in case of co-lending, we are doing like CLM-2, wherein the customer is getting the same 
yield as we are doing it on our on book loans. But having said this, we are booking only 20% of 
the loan portion, wherein we are getting slightly higher interest income. So -- but one side, there 
is a higher interest income. But correspondingly, on the expenses side, we are also getting the 
expenses to the extent of 100% of the share. So that is matching at the PAT level. So the PAT is 
similar, whether we do the co-lending or whether we not do the co-lending. It's one of the avenue 
of funding that we do. So at this point of time, co-lending is at about 4% of our total AUM. So 
that's how the position is. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. And so, the effective yield, I understand it's higher than the overall, but the effective yield, 
is it higher than your 14% or so of yield on the book? Or is it lower? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So we do only the LAP loan under co-lending product. So our average LAP yield is at about say 
like 15.5%. And the LAP yield to the co-lending loan also will be in the similar range of 15% to 
15.5%. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it. And just finally, in your loan mix, what percentage of loans will have above 80% kind of 
LTV? 
Ashish Gupta: 
We don't do 80% like above LTV. So there will not be any loan wherein the sanctioned LTV is 
above 80%. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. So it's almost nil or so at your end? 
Ashish Gupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. 
Chinmay Nema: 
I just wanted to follow up on the previous question related to leverage. You guided that leverage 
could go up to 4x in 2 years' time. I just wanted to understand if there can be any regulatory 
challenges in increasing the leverage. And also from a long-term perspective, how do you see 
leverage increasing? Or where do you see it peaking out, as the AUM grows? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So there is no regulatory challenge on the leverage side. Regulation allows you to maintain 15% 
CRAR. That effectively means leverage upward of 9x as such. But when we speak to the credit 
rating agencies, the bankers and all that, they are comfortable with the leverage up to 5x kind of 
number. So our brief thought process is that once we start touching 4x kind of leverage, then we 
start working on like equity raise and probably try to close the equity before touching the 5x 
kind of leverage. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Raghav Garg: from Ambit Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
Just two more questions. One is on attrition. How was it for you in FY25? Has it come down 
compared to last few years? Or is it still a problem? And what are you doing to control it? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So compared to last year, there is an improvement in attrition, but not to our level of satisfaction. 
That is one thing. Attrition is still a challenge on that side. Particularly for controlling this 
attrition, I think Board has been kind enough. They have just approved the next tranche of stock 
options, which is going to cover the large set of people. And to the extent, earlier it used to cover 
25% of the employees excluding frontline staff and now this will take to the next level. So this 
is something Board has come up, and we'll bring this as a traction for the people to run long with 
us. So we are just going to formalize it. And once it is done, we'll also convey you around that 
side. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. And I'm also trying to understand your branch expansion and hiring strategy. So 
when I look at FY24, right, these activities appear to have been spread out through the year. In 
FY25, you seem to have upfronted branch openings and hiring during the year in the first half. 
Can you share some thoughts on how you'll execute in FY26 and why you believe it's a better 
strategy? 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think since it hasn’t been executed yet I won't say better strategy or not. I simply said that there 
will be new experimentation, and we’ll come back to you once done. So, we are just in the 
process. As it completes, we'll definitely showcase ourselves how it works, like as what we did 
etc. But yes, that's what I can assure is we'll be again opening around 40 to 45 branches.  
Raghav Garg: 
Just one more follow-up to the previous question on attrition. So you said you plan to give 
ESOPs at the branch level. Is it an effective retention tool you think? Because I would assume 
generally salaries and something which is more tangible appeals more to the staff at the ground 
level than ESOPs, but happy to share your thoughts on this? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So looking at the best practices followed by stalwarts of the industry, I think this has been a good 
tool for retention typically for the quality resources in the system. I think that worked well in the 
past. That has a history towards it. So yes, retention is something which you can't ignore it, and 
you can't say simply that it can be used at one point of time. But these are the tools, which 
actually definitely pull the right set of people, the quality people, who look for a long term and 
can align with the vision of company. So this is an important piece. This is one of the important 
tool, what we feel confident about that should help us some way. But one side, the Board is also 
kind enough and other side, and as we receive feedback from the employees on the line, and we 
try to align together. I think let's see how it turns out but we are optimistic as of now.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rupinder Singh for the closing remarks. 
Rupinder Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking your valuable time for attending our earnings call. An audio 
recording and the transcript of this call will be uploaded on our website in due course. Looking 
forward to hosting you all in the next quarter. If you have any further questions or require 
additional information, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you so much, and have a nice 
day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
