 
 
 
 
Ref. No. DOMS/SE/25-26/18 
Date: May 26, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department 
 
 
Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Symbol - DOMS 
 
 
 
 
NSE Symbol - DOMS 
BSE Scrip Code - 544045 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call on the Audited (Standalone and Consolidated) 
Financial Results for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and other applicable regulations of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, (‘SEBI LODR 
Regulations’) please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor Conference Call on the Audited 
(Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, held on 
Tuesday, May 20, 2025, at 11:30 hours. 
 
The transcript of Investor Conference Call has also been uploaded on the website of the Company and 
can be accessed through the following link: 
 
https://domsindia.com/pdf/Investor_Relations/Investor_Presentation_and_Transcripts/Q4_FY25.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Mitesh Padia  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A58693 
 
Encl.: As above 
Mitesh 
Ashok Padia
Digitally signed by 
Mitesh Ashok Padia 
Date: 2025.05.26 
15:31:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“DOMS Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Results Conference Call” 
May 20, 2025 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - Please note that some portion of the concall may have an audio spoken in 
language other than English which has been translated in English language in this transcript primarily 
for ease of reading. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the Company’s website will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DOMS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the DOMS Industries Limited Q4 and FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  
The presentation which DOMS Industries Limited has uploaded on the stock exchange and their 
website and the discussion during this call contains or may contain certain forward-looking 
statements concerning DOMS Industries Limited business prospects and the profitability, which 
are subject to several risks and uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ from 
those in such forward-looking statements. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks, Shruti. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 FY '25 and FY 
'25 Results Conference Call of DOMS Industries. We have with us today senior management 
represented by Mr. Rahul Shah, Chief Financial Officer. Now I hand over the call to Rahul Bhai, 
for his initial comments on the quarterly as well as annual performance, and then we will open 
the floor for question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Shah: 
Thank you, Aniruddha. Thank you, Shruti. Good morning, everyone. It is our pleasure to 
welcome all the participants to the earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and the 
financial year ending March 31st, 2025. Joining me on this call is our team from Marathon 
Capital, our Investor Relations Advisor. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the 
investor presentation and the results release that we have uploaded on the exchanges and our 
company's website. 
 
Our financial year 2025 results, driven by steady sales momentum showcases our resilience and 
ability to thrive and navigate through challenging market conditions. Through our relentless 
focus on execution and operational excellence, we've achieved a revenue growth of nearly 25%. 
This growth momentum was driven by consistent performance across our core categories, 
successful new product launches and the integration of Uniclan, which collectively contributed 
to this performance. In recognition of this performance, we are pleased to share that the Board 
has recommended a dividend of INR 3.15 per share, subject to shareholders' approval.  
Coming to some notable updates at our subsidiaries. Pioneer stationery and Micro Wood 
continue to expand capacities to capitalize on growing demand for paper stationery products as 
well as packaging requirements of DOMS. Uniclan Healthcare, our subsidiary focused on baby 
hygiene segment too has delivered positive results, validating the effectiveness of our strategic 
initiatives. At SKIDO Industries, we launched our maiden range of DOMS branded school bags 
for the ongoing back-to-school season, and the initial response has been very encouraging.  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Our growth trajectory is fuelled by strategic expansion initiatives. The proposed acquisition of 
a majority stake in Super Treads Private Limited is aimed towards increasing our manufacturing 
capabilities and expanding our paper stationery infrastructure. This would enable us to reach 
consumers more effectively and enhance our competitiveness, especially in the Eastern markets 
of India. This investment aligns with our vision to deliver unique differentiated products at 
competitive prices, leveraging our growing brand reputation and extensive distribution network.  
Further, we continue to focus on expanding our manufacturing capabilities so that we can 
quickly and effectively cater to the increasing market demand for our products. Our capex 
strategy prioritizes such expansion initiatives. During the financial year 2025, at a consolidated 
level, the company has invested over INR 213 crores towards capital expenditure, including 
capital advances. These funds were primarily invested for the construction activities and 
purchase of plant and machineries. Further, our ongoing 44-acre expansion project construction 
is underway in full swing with anticipated possession of first building by Q3 FY'26 and 
beginning of commercial production slated in Q4 FY'26. 
 
On a consolidated basis, our working capital stood at around 60 days. This increase in working 
capital days is primarily on account of increase in debtors to keep pace with the demand coming 
from the market. Further, the impact of Uniclan acquisition has also resulted in higher trade 
receivables. However, we believe with growing operation as well as full integration of Uniclan 
for the full year, we will be able to maintain our working capital cycle at around 55 days. The 
Indian growth story continues to be domestic consumption driven and on back of this, we 
continue to prioritize our growth in the Indian markets with focused distribution network 
expansion. 
 
On exports front, we believe our distribution agreement with FILA will enable us to leverage 
their group network and infrastructure in their existing territories, helping us to smoothen our 
export business expansion and to navigate complex export environment. While we remain 
watchful of external uncertainties, we are optimistic about a gradual recovery in the domestic 
demand on the back of growing optimism around consumption-driven growth.  
Our strategic efforts lay a strong foundation for medium to long term success and moving 
forward, we'll continue to focus on our core strengths, which are broadening of our product 
portfolio, boosting our production capabilities and scaling our distribution network to drive 
sustainable and profitable growth. 
 
Now coming to the details of our financial performance for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2025. Consolidated revenues from operations for Q4 FY'25 grew by 26% to INR 508 crores 
as compared to INR 403 crores in Q4 FY'24. This sales growth was backed by growth in 
EBITDA from INR 75.9 crores in Q4 FY'24 to INR 88.3 crores in Q4 FY'25, growth of 16.2%. 
EBITDA margin for Q4 FY'25 stood at 17.3% as compared to 18.8% in Q4 FY'24, which is 
higher than our guided range of 16% to 17% as provided during our previous conversation. PAT 
for Q4 FY'25 grew by 9.3% to INR 51.3 crores as compared to INR 46.9 crores in Q4 FY'24. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
PAT margin for Q4 FY'25 stood at 10.1% as compared to 11.6% in Q4 FY’24. On a sequential 
basis, our PAT dipped quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to lower other income resulting from 
utilization of cash reserves for ongoing capital expenditure. Additionally, it was impacted by a 
INR 2.3 crores of additional amortization expense considered in Q4 FY'25 related to Uniclan's 
brand value post acquisition. This is a non-cash item, but there will be an impact on the 
profitability to the tune of around INR 4.5 crores annually for the next few years. We believe 
keeping other factors constant on account of these reasons, we'll be able to maintain PAT levels 
of around 10% in the forthcoming financial year.  
In terms of our performance for the financial year 2025, we are happy to share that our 
consolidated revenue from operations grew by 24.4%, in line with our guided range of 23% to 
25%. Revenues from operations stood at INR 1,912 crores as compared to INR 1,537 crores in 
FY'24.  EBITDA for FY'25 grew by 27.8% to INR 348.4 crores as compared to INR 272.7 crores 
in FY'24, resulting in expansion of EBITDA margin from 17.7% in FY'24 to 18.2% in FY'25. 
PAT for FY'25 grew by 33.7% to INR 213.5 crores as compared to INR 159.7 crores in FY'24. 
PAT margin for FY'25 rose to 11.2% as compared to 10.4% in FY'24. With this, I would now 
request to open the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Mehul Desai from JM Financial. You may proceed. 
Mehul Desai: 
Just one or two questions. Firstly, on the top line front, while we have grown 25%, if I look at 
organic growth, excluding Uniclan, it is around 14% in the core stationery business, which looks 
on a moderate side versus what we have seen in the first three quarters. So if you could explain 
what has led to this, especially in the Scholastic Stationery and Scholastic art material, given 
that there would be some shift of that sales to kits and combos. Your kits and combos has done 
pretty well. So if you could explain this, what has happened in these three categories. And from 
a FY'26 perspective, how do you see these 2 large segments on a steady-state basis growing for 
you? So that's the first question.  
Second question, if you can just give us one roundup on what kind of capacity additions, I mean, 
in which segments did the capacities got added in FY '25 and where were the capacity constraints 
which -- which will be addressed in FY '26?  
And third is on Uniclan. I think if Uniclan has done phenomenally well in this quarter also. I 
think while when we acquired, Uniclan's reach was 30,000 -- 30,000 outlets. What is the increase 
in reach for the Uniclan brand that we have seen. So if you could address these 3 questions, that 
would be helpful? 
Rahul Shah: 
Sure. We'll definitely like to. Mehul bhai, for your first question with respect to the performance 
of our core business, if you look at the growth of the core stationery business on a year-on-year 
basis, we have grown in this financial year by more than 17%, which is close to our targeted 
guidance of 18% to 20%.  
If I have to specifically speak about the Scholastic Stationery and Scholastic Art material 
division and combine it with the kids and combo pack, we would really draw your attention and 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
would like to suggest that you should probably see all these three categories together to see the 
growth in these three categories because kids and combo pack, if you see, has grown by over 
40%. And these combo packs are largely made from individual items in the Scholastic Stationery 
and Scholastic Art material. There's an increasing trend that we are seeing in the market where 
people are preferring combination packs rather than buying small or single individual items. So 
that's driven the sales of kits and combo packs. So if we see the overall gross sales of Scholastic 
Stationery, Scholastic Art and kits and combos together, in Q4 of FY'24, these three segments 
accounted for close to INR 325 crores and this year also, the sale has been similar or in line with 
that number. And if you see on a full year basis, which is like FY'24, the gross sales of these 
categories was around INR 1,261 crores, which grew to INR 1,360 crores on a full year basis, 
which is like a 7.75% increase. So this increase has been despite not adding any capacities -- 
significant capacities in these segments. It's purely come from increasing of efficiencies where 
volume on an overall basis have grown by about 3.5% and ASP has increased by another 3% - 
3.5%. So on an overall basis, when you put all these 3 segments, we've demonstrated about 8% 
-- close to 8% growth.  
Mehul bhai, on the next question with respect to capacity. So, during the last financial year, as 
we had informed you all that the company is actively looking at increasing its capacity in writing 
instrument segments, which includes pens, markers, highlighters and other products. So we've 
added capacities there. Also in our Paper Stationery segment, we've added significant capacities. 
Capacity at Pioneer Stationery almost grew by close to about 20% and that too before the back-
to-school season. So that's worked very well for the company. So during the entire financial 
year, like I said on the opening remarks, we had invested close to INR 213 crores out of these 
funds were primarily about INR 113 crores were invested towards the expansion of the 45 acres 
plant. In addition to that, we've invested close to INR 100 crores in our core business of 
stationery and about INR 10-odd crores increase at Uniclan. So that's where capacities have been 
added.  
And going forward in FY'26, we believe that we'll be -- the total capex planning that we've done 
is around INR 225 crores to INR 250 crores. This will be primarily for setting up the buildings 
at the 44-acre facility as well as land parcels that we've acquired recently adjacent to the current 
flagship unit. This will enhance our capacities for pencils, writing instruments, paper stationery, 
etc. The 44-acre first building is expected to be ready by the end of the current calendar year and 
by the last quarter of the financial year, we expect to start commercial production. So that's with 
respect to the capacity additions that have happened and that are planned.  
In terms of Uniclan - so Uniclan has definitely helped us to -- it's been a surprise for us as well, 
while we had earlier thought that seasonality impact would come in during the fourth quarter, 
where, in the last 45-odd days, sales typically go down. But due to the network integration with 
DOMS to some extent and also with respect to addition of capacities that happened at Uniclan, 
the performance has been positive. If you look at the Uniclan sales number for Q4 FY'25 Uniclan 
clocked revenues of INR 48.1 crores. The company's current run rate in terms of sales is around 
about INR 15 crores to INR17 odd crores per month, and we believe EBITDA margins to be 
about 8% to 9%. The company's current capacity. They've also commercialized their wet wipes 
-- own wet wipes manufacturing plant during this quarter towards the end of the quarter. So sales 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
from wet wipes also will be added -- significant sales would be added in the current financial 
year. 
Mehul Desai: 
And any color that you can give on what is the distribution reach now for Uniclan versus when 
you had acquired because you said network expansion is ahead? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Mehul bhai, the distribution reach has more or less been constant. It's not changed 
significantly because what we've been trying to do is integrate some of our channel partners in 
the areas of operations in which Uniclan focuses in order to strengthen their focus on the 
business. So you wouldn't see a significant increase in the reach. Uniclan today still has about 
70-plus stockist, but this includes the old stockist as well as the integrated stockist from the 
DOMS channel, close to 1,000-plus distributors and reaching about 35,000-plus retail outlets. 
Mehul Desai: 
Got it. That’s all from me. I will come back in the queue. Thank you Rahul bhai. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. You may 
proceed. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Yes. Hi, this is Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Rahul bhai, my question was again on the 
same. We have added, I think, capacities in the scholastic stationery within pencils where our 
capacity went up from 5.5 million pencils per day to 8.5 million. And even in office supplies, 
the pens capacity went up as well as in the pencils we have added. So something which is not 
reflecting in when it comes to quarterly sales growth. I think we have added in last quarter itself. 
So some highlight on that. And when it comes to, say, FY'26 within core stationery business, as 
you mentioned, 3.5% was the volume growth. What should we expect going ahead in FY'26 
from the core stationery business? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Priyank, sorry, but I think, like we said, the growth in capacities in pencil is something which 
is underway. It has not started in the previous quarter. So in fact, as we speak, the first phase of 
pencil capacity, which is the wood processing and seasoning, which is one of the most critical 
parts in pencil manufacturing is now complete and ready in line with what our targeted increase 
in capacities of pencil is going to be. Phase 2 and Phase 3, which is predominantly wood working 
and finishing of pencil, for that construction work is in full swing. Due to certain delays in 
construction due to monsoon and recent climatic changes where we had unexpected rains, the 
possession of those infrastructure is something which will come in the coming few months, and 
then we'll do the installation and production. So during the last financial year, there has been 
absolutely no increase in the capacity, whatever 3%-odd of volume growth that we've done in 
our pencil business is purely on basis of efficiency from the same capacity having more output 
coming in. So that's what we meant, when I said 3% business coming from scholastic pencils. 
So we've actually not added any significant capacities. That is something which is still a plan of 
action.  
If you see the growth in the last financial year, that has come majorly from the significant 
increase that has happened in office supplies, which is for pens, highlighters, markers where 
we've increased our capacity and paper stationery. So these two segments have resulted in 
majority of growth. Now if you compare from Q3 to Q4, like I said, there has not been any 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
significant capacity additions that have happened in this quarter. So the revenue has been more 
or less -- the growth has been more or less not as per like a 20% sort of a growth. It's been about 
7% to 9% growth. 
Priyank Chheda: 
That is clear now, Rahul ji. So now what I've understood is pencil. I think if you can clarify the 
capacity, we are expanding it from 5.5 million pencils per day to 8.5 million, and that would be 
the growth factor for FY'26 as the capacity goes on board, goes live. When it comes to other 
segments, be it art material, kits and combo, paper stationery or even office supplies after the 
growth that we have seen, what can be the organic volume growth that we should think of it 
when it comes to FY'26? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Priyank, I would really not want to say a number for the volume growth. Like I said, overall 
for the business, we are expecting close to 18% to 20% of revenue growth for the coming 
financial year at a consolidated level.  
In terms of pencil growth, yes, our plan is to increase the capacities from 5.5 million to 8 million, 
but that will come up in phased manner. Right now, our existing infrastructure and resources are 
being focused on growing our capacities in our writing instrument and paper stationery category, 
where we have seen very positive traction coming from the market and the trade overall. And I 
think that is honestly like a low-hanging fruit available to capitalize on this positive response. 
So right now, the focus has been more on these segments. But overall, all put together, we expect 
the company's growth in revenues to be around 18% to 20% in the coming financial year on a 
consolidated basis. 
Priyank Chheda: 
One last question on -- within exports, if you can quantify how much of that was to the FILA 
Group or the affiliated clients from the FILA Group within the exports for this year as well as 
for the last year? 
Rahul Shah: 
So in terms of FY'25, our exports to FILA was about INR 166.5 crores and exports to other 
third-party customers in other countries where we sell DOMS was about INR 108 crores. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Rahul bhai, this sales to FILA Group hasn't grown for the last 2 years. Any reason for this? Do 
we have a capacity constraint also over here? 
Rahul Shah: 
Absolutely. See, Priyank, if you look at what are the key items that we sell to FILA and FILA 
Group affiliates that have been majorly pencils, other scholastic stationery items. Yes. We sell 
majorly pencils, other scholastic item and scholastic art materials. These are the three key 
products, key categories from which sales to FILA and FILA Group companies happen. And in 
these categories, we've not seen any substantial significant increase in capacities. So once the 
pencil capacities increase, then I believe, again, you'll see a positive growth in the FILA 
business. It's more to do with the product mix. The key products which have driven our revenues 
over the last couple of years, not a lot of them are sold to FILA and FILA Group companies, for 
example, writing pens. And these are new categories for us where we would really want to 
prioritize on our sales in the domestic market rather than focusing on export. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. Thank you for answering all the questions. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Shah from UTI. You may proceed. 
Akash Shah: 
I just wanted to ask regarding paper stationery. So we have made an acquisition in this segment. 
So just actually, my question was we don't have the backward integration in this particular 
segment. I mean, I'm referring to the paper pulp manufacturing. So sir, any thoughts on how we 
are going to compete with the incumbents in this segment? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Akash, yes, we do not have backward integration to the level of paper pulp or we don't even 
make our own paper. There are very good companies in India with good capacities who make 
very good paper. We've partnered with them. Our relationship with them goes back a long way. 
And you should also remember that it's not only a relation with respect to paper, but with a lot 
of packaging material that we use, we work very closely with the paper and paperboard 
manufacturers. So we have strong relationship with them. And therefore, we do not see paper to 
be a challenge in the scheme of things or our expansion plan within the paper stationery segment. 
 
Currently, as we speak, while in around October, we had increased the capacity at Pioneer 
Stationery by about 20%, we are also in the process of purchasing a fourth fully automatic book 
machine line at Pioneer. It should be delivered at our plant in the coming month and should be 
ready for commercial production by June end. So there, we are adding capacity. Plus our recent 
acquisition of Super Treads Private Limited which is a company based in Eastern India in 
Siliguri, West Bengal, that will help us to increase our capacities by another 30%-odd. So 
overall, we believe we'll now have good infrastructure to capitalize on the positive traction that 
we are seeing in the paper stationery segment.  
I don't know if you've got a chance to look at the newly launched paper stationery books that 
we've come up. It's something for the first time sort of designs and layout that has been launched 
in India. It's been extremely loved by our consumers. The value addition in the product in terms 
of designing can be really seen if you like just pick the product and compare it with others. So 
we are very hopeful in this segment. We believe it to be one of the key contributors to growth in 
the coming financial year. 
Akash Shah: 
Sure, sir. And on pricing front, how would our pricing be versus competition? 
Rahul Shah: 
See, paper stationery where you know pricing, we are -- I would say we are rightly priced for 
the product that we are delivering, the quality that we are delivering and the specifications that 
we are giving to our consumers, we have rightly priced our products. And that is why we are 
seeing such significant growth in this segment. In paper, it really depends upon the GSM of 
paper, which are used in manufacturing of books. So while we are maintaining our standards 
and quality, we are rightly placed. There might be different players having -- offering higher, 
lower GSM papers and being differently priced. So it's really difficult to compare on a company-
to-company basis. It really depends on the quality that you are giving. 
Akash Shah: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrenik Bachhawat from Mahindra Manulife. 
You may proceed. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. So I just wanted to understand where do you see certain 
gaps in our portfolio versus the demand in the market, where we can look to buy smaller 
companies going ahead in the next 2, 3 years? Where do you see the portfolio gaps currently? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Shrenik, honestly, in terms of capacity gaps, if I have to talk, then there is obviously gaps at 
almost all categories that we are present in. The ideal scenario for us would have been that if we 
could have everything ready tomorrow and be able to add capacity across all our product 
categories, but that's staying in a wonderland sort of a thing. So there are gaps everywhere-- in 
all capacities.  
In terms of product portfolio, if you say, then there are a lot of product categories like we 
mentioned in the past that we would really want to enter, and we believe with our brand and 
network, we can do good in those segments, especially BTS, back-to-school segment. Where we 
consider compass boxes, tiffen boxes, school water bottles and all these segments. That's one 
category. Office supplies, except for writing instruments and markers highlighters, we do not 
have any presence. There are segments like files, folders, staplers, calculators, host of other 
things. So all these we see seem to be category gaps.  
How do we go about these companies is something whether it would be organic or inorganic can 
be evaluated on a case-to-case basis. We would want to expand our presence in these product 
lines, which are associated with the growing years of kids and children. We love to partner with 
technocrat people who have good understanding of manufacturing. And if there's anything 
interesting, we will keep evaluating them. But there's nothing planned as such, like this will 
happen through an organic route or this will happen through an inorganic route. It will be on a 
case-to-case basis. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Sure. And you already highlighted that 18% to 20% growth we expect in FY'26. Can you 
highlight what is the EBITDA margin range we expect in FY'26? And what is the capex plan 
for next 2 years? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Shrenik, in terms of EBITDA margin, we expect it to be between 16.5% to 17.5% and PAT 
margins to be around 10% in the current financial year FY'26. In terms of capex, it's about -- 
like I said, we are planning to invest between INR 225 crores to INR 250 crores. This will be 
primarily towards the construction activities at the 44-acre plant as well as the new land parcels 
that we've acquired adjacent to our current flagship plant in Umbergaon. In terms of capex, the 
year after, I believe it to be in a similar range because then the phase of plant and machinery 
installation will be going on in full swing. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Okay. Thank you so much. This is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. You may 
proceed. 
Arpit Shah: 
I just wanted to understand the guidance for FY'26 that you're guiding about 18% to 20% revenue 
growth. I just wanted to pick your brains on that. We still have two quarters of consolidation, 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
which is left on the Uniclan side. And if I just use that number for FY'26, about INR 200-crores-
odd, our organic growth is not looking very encouraging at least for FY'26.  
Are you under eyeing on numbers or how is it, because we also have capacities coming in quarter 
3 of this year from our new plant. How should we look at the revenue numbers from there on? 
And even on the PAT margin side, we're netting about 10%. That is majorly because of the 
Uniclan integration. But Uniclan integration is going on well, about INR 150 crores kind of a 
run rate quarterly. So how should we think about margins on that front? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Arpit, firstly, let me clarify, we expect in the 44-acre plant capacity addition, we'll get the 
possession of the building in the third quarter of the current financial year with commercial 
production starting in the fourth quarter. So in this year, we'll not have substantial revenue 
coming in from 44-acre plant.  
With respect to Uniclan, see, Arpit, if you look at what we've consolidated at Uniclan for the 6.5 
months that we've acquired this company, is about INR 112 crores of sales. And if you look at 
the Uniclan sales for the complete financial year, FY'25 was about INR 166 crores. This business 
has seasonality, like we've said. The first quarter is very weak because in summer, because of 
the climatic conditions, the propensity to urinate reduces significantly. So, the first quarter is 
weak. And then the business picks up from middle of the second quarter once the rains settle in 
throughout the country. So, what we believe is we've already consolidated two-third of Uniclan 
business, one-third is pending. So there wouldn't be much significant addition. Like you're 
saying, you cannot double it and say that there's significant that will come from Uniclan. So it 
will not be double, it will be just one-third additional. 
 
And in terms of core business, including now Uniclan, that's why we're saying that we are 
expecting close to 18% to 20% and we'd like to be always a little conservative. That's how we've 
been. If you see even for the previous year, we said that on a consol level, we'll do about 23% 
to 25%, and we came close to that towards the upward range only. Here also, it's prudent to be 
a little conservative. See, because what we've experienced during the last year is because of this 
change in climatic conditions that we are seeing with certain spells of rains coming in off-season 
also, construction activities are getting impacted a little. So, it's better to be that's why a little 
conservative.  
See, in terms of PAT margin, the reason for PAT margins to decline has been purely for two key 
reasons. One, our other income is decreasing. See, when we did the IPO, we had a lot of cash on 
the books, which were parked as fixed deposits and a lot of interest income, which was 
categorized in other income was realized by the company. So these fixed deposits are now 
coming down because we've started utilizing this cash for the expansion, for the purpose that 
we've taken -- raised this cash. So as we move forward, this cash would further come down. And 
hence, would our other income. So, like I said, our EBITDA margins are expected to remain in 
our guided range. But because of this reduction in other income, there will be impacts to the 
PAT. And plus, because of this Uniclan acquisition where we had to do a purchase price 
allocation where certain value was recognized towards the brand and other intangible assets, 
there will be an additional depreciation charge over and above for what we have generally for 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
our tangible assets, there will be an additional depreciation charge on an annual basis of close to 
INR 4.5 crores. So because of this, we believe the PAT margin -- but this is a non-cash item 
amortization. But because of that factor, the PAT margins would be around the range of 10%. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. Got it. Fair enough. So let's say, by FY'27, where we would not be, let's say, constrained 
by capacity. So, what kind of growth then will you all be building it for? Because FY'27 will be 
a big year when the capacity kicks in, at least from the new plant, because you're struggling with 
the pencil capacity, you're probably not struggling with the pen capacity, the scholastic and all 
of that. So once you're not constrained by capacity, what kind of growth you would be looking 
at? And just one last question, what kind of -- if you can just highlight or put a light on what is 
the new agreement with FILA with the promoters? What is it to do with -- is it a shareholder 
agreement or is it a distribution agreement? If you can just put a light on that? 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes. So, with respect to capacity, Arpit, the way we are seeing the business being built up and 
the momentum we see in the market, I think next few years, we will continue to be remained 
with capacity constraint. I think once we increase our capacity for pencils from 5.5 million to 8 
million, we are optimistic that we'll be able to achieve that growth in sales also very fast, and 
again, come to a position where we are constrained for capacity. And we've seen this historically 
also when we were increasing our capacities in pencil from 4 million to 5.5 million, we were 
like this will be now enough to serve the requirement, but markets always surprised us and 
touchwood and we expect the markets to continue to surprise us. So, capacity additions will be 
an ongoing process.  
What capacities for what products at what point of time. As management, we would want to be 
a little flexible with this because one of the key strengths and reasons for us to achieve significant 
compounded growth in the last 10-odd years has been our ability to adopt to market requirements 
very soon. So, we would really not want to get limited by saying something today which might 
probably result in lack of flexibility. So, we believe capacity addition will be an ongoing project 
at least for the next 5 to 7 years.  
With respect to the FILA agreement, the company, the Indian promoter shareholders and FILA 
entered into a shareholders' agreement and also FILA and the Indian promoter amongst 
themselves entered into an inter-se agreement. The essence of the shareholder agreement has 
been giving each other certain -- giving the promoter shareholders certain nomination and 
representation rights. There are certain reserved matters on which the promoter shareholder 
group has a say. And one of the key components of the shareholder agreement has been the 
decision between the promoter shareholder group and the company to give FILA an exclusive 
right to distribute DOMS products in the geographies where they are currently present. If you 
look at FILA, FILA is present in over 100 plus, 150-odd countries today and very strong in 
markets like U.S., Europe, Latin America. So these are all countries where they have a very 
strong network already established. They have infrastructure, which is already established. And 
what we started as a pilot where we started selling DOMS branded stationery in Italy, where 
FILA is the largest stationery company. There, what we saw was, while FILA continues to be 
the largest stationery company there, the second or the third category, especially which was 
taken by Chinese supplies, were slowly being able to -- DOMS was able to enter those segments 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
and do decent business. So that is the reason why we wanted to replicate a similar sort of a model 
in other regions where FILA has strong existing presence and infrastructure. So, in this way, we 
do not even cannibalize the existing business of FILA. At the same time, we are taking away 
business from other companies, especially the Chinese suppliers. And with the new capacities 
that will come up, especially, once the 44-acre full plant has started, so we'll be able to get access 
to these large developed markets. So, we believe this to be an exciting agreement with FILA. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. Just a follow-up on this. So, would they have an allocation in terms of what distribution 
-- what the exports could look like and the margins would be similar to what the company makes 
or it will be a bit higher since it's exports? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, see, from a margin perspective, we've always had a similar sort of a philosophy that we need 
to sell the right product at the right price, keeping margins similar across all our product 
categories. So, I wouldn't say there would be substantial increase in margins because of this 
export, and that too to a developed country. But yes, exports do have a slightly better realization. 
So there might be certain positive impacts to the margins, but not substantially. 
Arpit Shah: 
And what this number could grow up to, let's say -- so we were at INR 155 crores in FY'25. 
What this number could grow up to, let's say, in the next couple of years post this agreement? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, right now, we are at about INR 166 crores on a gross total sales perspective. So this potential 
is high. It still depends when capacities come in. Arpit, I will be very honest with you, while 
we've always wanted to expand our business association with FILA and FILA Group 
Companies, domestic market continued to be our focus and somehow whenever new capacities 
were added, domestic market was prioritized because we wanted to build our brand here. But 
this time, we believe that the capacity expansion is significant, so we'll be able to fulfil the 
demand of FILA and FILA Group Companies reasonably well. In terms of number, I really don't 
know or would want to put a number that how much we'd grow to, but let the capacities come 
in, then we'll have better visibility. 
Arpit Shah: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. You may proceed. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure. Thanks for taking my question. Rahul, my question is on your office supplies side. Sir, 
you've done very well on the office supply side. I mean, almost double the revenues there. So, 
wanted to better understand what has really driven that your strategy there? And then what's the 
outlook here with respect to pen, markers and everything else that's included within office 
supplies? That'll be my first question, sir? 
Rahul Shah: 
Jaiveer, like you said, office supply has done well because we've been able to add capacities 
there. During the last -- almost for the last 1.5 years, almost 6 quarters, we've continuously kept 
adding capacities in our office supply segment, which largely comes from pens. Also added and 
introduced recently a range of highlighters, markers, which we had in that. New product launches 
have also come in. So, as a result of this, overall, the office supply segment, because of capacity 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
additions and new product launches, has done very well. And this is something on expected 
lines. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
And sir, given that the market potential is quite large, I mean, what's your expectation of growing 
this segment over the next 2, 3 years? 
Rahul Shah: 
So like I said, right now, it seems to be, the response that we got from the market in this segment 
is very encouraging. And that is why right now, our current infrastructure, new infrastructure 
that we are getting, the resources that we have, we are prioritizing further investment in writing 
instruments, as well as paper stationery because we are confident that this business provides a 
good growth opportunity for the company. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
And sir, with respect to the current capacities that you have, how much of that would already be 
utilized on the pen side? And how much further are you adding? And when will that capacities 
come in? 
Rahul Shah: 
So Jaiveer, it's a process. Capacity addition, there are a lot of things that happened. You also 
visited the plant. You've seen a lot of -- how things are happening. But -- and I wouldn't really 
want to compare or say exactly when and how much it will happen because it will come in 
phased manner. And as and when it comes, we'll keep informing you’ll about it. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Surely. And sir, on the diaper business, that will be my last question. Given that over there as 
well, I think with DOMS' tie-up, you seem to have been now gotten the distribution right. The 
product also seems to be meeting a lot of product market fit. So what's your expectation of sort 
of scaling that business over the next 2, 3 years? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Jaiveer, I would really say that we still do not have -- we've not got the distribution or the 
channel right. It's still work in progress. There is a lot of work to be done. It's just that when you 
add something or change something, you see some significant changes in the short term. But to 
keep that momentum going, there's a lot of work that we still need to do in terms of channel, in 
terms of understanding this business, how it operates. What sort of pricing mechanism works 
more from a long-term growth perspective. So that's still work in progress. We've, like I 
mentioned in our previous call also, we are integrating till the extent possible our distribution or 
channel strength to the benefit of Uniclan. Where Uniclan already has an established network or 
a channel partner, there we are trying to put in the best practices in terms of sales, in terms of 
pricing to get things right. It will remain a work in progress for at least next couple of years.  
But like you said, this opportunity seems very good. The market size, the market potential seems 
very high. See, about 30 -- a significant portion of the revenues of Uniclan comes from e-
commerce sales. And these sales, when we analyze deeper, we come to know that this is 
happening on a pan-India basis. So it at least validates that the product is accepted at a pan-India 
level. So it's now carefully getting things right in terms of the network and pricing and reaching 
the best counter from where we believe sales can be generated. But it will remain work in 
progress, but we are excited about this opportunity. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. You may proceed. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have a question on our distribution reach. I think we have some 
4,750 distributors. And in the PPT, we have mentioned that the touch points are about 135,000. 
Now, if I compare this with our 3Q number, the distributor count was 5,600 and the touch point 
number was close to about 140,000. So any specific reason for contraction in the distribution 
reach? 
Rahul Shah: 
No. So basically, what happened, those numbers in the 3Q included Uniclan also, where there 
were 1,100 sort of distributors. So we basically corrected by presenting both reach differently. 
So there has not been any contraction in the distribution reach. But at the same time, there has 
not been any significant expansion also because right now, like I said, Jinesh, earlier also, we 
always focused on maximizing the throughput each store. Now we've reached a reasonable 
number of counter spaces, and we would want to first now maximize our throughput in these 
stores by adding the new products that we are launching, especially paper stationery and pens. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. And sir, secondly, I was just having a look at the balance sheet. The intangible asset 
number is at about INR 41 crores, and this figure was negligible in the last year. So what is the 
reason for rise in the intangible assets? And secondly, our receivable days have increased to 
about 26, presumably due to the high credit given for the hygiene business. And you mentioned 
that going ahead, perhaps our working capital cycle will come down from about 60 days to about 
55 days. So we are trying to restrict the credit in the hygiene business, is the growth not expected 
to suffer over there? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Jinesh, in terms of your first question with regards to the intangible assets, like I said initially 
on the call, post the acquisition of Uniclan, we were supposed to as per IndAS regulations, we 
were required to do a purchase price allocation. And we had time to do this until the end of 12 
months from the time we had acquired this company. So, that purchase price allocation happened 
during the end of this financial year FY'25, as a result of which we recognized intangible assets 
with respect to brand network, etc, to the tune of about INR 42 crores. And because of that, you 
see the intangible assets on the balance sheet increasing significantly as compared to the previous 
year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
On the receivables side, if you can just answer that part? 
Rahul Shah: 
So if you look at the receivables, like I mentioned in the opening remarks, there has been an 
increase in the working capital days, primarily on account of increase in debtors. And this 
increase in debtors is attributed both to the acquisition of Uniclan because we consolidated only 
two-third of Uniclan's full financial year sales, while the debtors were consolidated at the year-
end at the full level. And at the same time, I would also want to highlight that in order to meet 
the demand of the market and the size and scale of business, we've also extended at DOMS credit 
period to our channel partners. Jinesh, in our previous interactions, we always mentioned that 
paper stationery is one segment in the overall stationery space where the market is accustomed 
to credits. And now, with a higher focus on paper stationery we also had to increase the credit 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
which we give to our channel partners. As a result of these factors, the debtors have increased at 
the company level, consolidated level. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Sir, just one last question from my side. I know this was asked earlier, but I wanted 
some clarification on this. This 18% to 20% growth guidance, this is ex of Uniclan or including 
Uniclan? Because I was confused when it was asked earlier? 
Rahul Shah: 
No, it's including Uniclan at a consolidated level because now Uniclan is already consolidated 
in our numbers. So at a consolidated level, we believe to grow at 18% to 20% in the coming 
financial year. So that's including Uniclan. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. You may proceed. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Firstly, congratulations team for a strong set of numbers. Just 2 questions from my end. One is, 
of course, you mentioned 18% to 20% growth for FY'26. This is including all the capacity 
constraints that we have for this year. Our major capex comes in Q4 FY'26. So just wanted to 
understand what could be the real growth of the company from FY'27 and beyond if capacity is 
a real constraint, like you said that we are almost optimally utilized across the segment. So just 
a broader question for the next 3, 4 years, you could provide us a vision that what are our plans 
with the new 44-acre land? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Sneha, with respect to the growth for this year, like I said, the 18% to 20% growth will come 
from the existing infrastructure plus the additions that we've done in the existing infrastructure. 
So this does not account for any substantial revenue contribution coming in from the 44 acres. 
There has been capacity additions even at Pioneer, our subsidiary, plus this acquisition that we 
did will help us in augmenting our capacity in paper stationery. For writing instruments, there is  
infrastructure and resources are being ready. And so these things will drive the growth for the 
current financial year.  
Going forward, Sneha, how much growth will happen once the 44-acre capacity addition 
happens should be in a similar range as we are guiding now because you also need to keep in 
mind the base number is increasing year-on-year.  
And the expansion at 44 acres will also come on a phased manner. The total project is about 1.8 
million to 2 million square feet. In the first phase, we expect to get possession of 600,000, then 
it would be another 700,000, and then in the last phase, another 700,000. So therefore, the growth 
in capacities also will come in phased manner, and hence, the growth in revenues from the 44-
acre plant will also come in a phased manner. 
Sneha Talreja: 
And in the same way, what could be the margin trajectory, given that we are currently more than 
17%? Of course, I understand Uniclan is coming with lower base -- lower margins of about 8%, 
9%-odd, but still we are guiding a conservative 16.5% to 17.5% range. What happens with new 
land coming into play? Does our margin actually remain subdued for quite some time because 
of the new land and the new setup or is there any value addition that we can go about and take 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
the margins higher, and of course, with Uniclan's improvement also taking into place 
simultaneously? 
Rahul Shah: 
So see, what will happen with the margin is, Sneha, when we are in this growing phase, we 
always have to also add up to the fixed cost before the new capacity addition comes in 
commercial production. So those fixed costs then get started absorbed once the commercial 
production starts, like for example, I need my team to be ready before the commercial production 
starts. I need to have my plant head, the plant managers, all are on our payroll. We need to train 
them. So because of these things, the fixed costs typically increase before commercializing a 
plant. And now that every quarter, we'll be adding capacities from 44 acres plant. So this will be 
like a cycle only. And therefore, we believe that margins should remain in that range of 16.5% 
to 17.5%.  
Plus, Sneha, ESOP expense also, like I said, is something which has had an impact on our 
margins. That is also expected to continue because ESOP is like a 5-year plan. We've just given 
out ESOPs to the tune of 10% of the total options that we plan to give. So even those factors will 
come in.  
So looking at all these factors, I believe margins of 16.5% to 17.5% is something we'll be 
comfortable guiding for the coming year and later also. But we'll keep on evaluating. We'll see 
next year how things pan out. If there's any change in terms of guidance or something, we'll 
definitely communicate to you’ll. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. Lastly, if I may, SKIDO's response in the market? 
Rahul Shah: 
Good. You should also visit some stores and give us some first-hand information. But it's been 
good response. I happened to speak to a shopkeeper, and he said the first lot of bags that he 
received, he was able to sell about 50% in five, six days. But it's still early days. I really would 
appreciate if you’ll also could go to the market, pick up the bags, see the bags, give us your 
feedback, that's really important. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sure. Understood. Thanks, Rahul.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities. You may 
proceed. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Just wanted to understand a little more on the Super Treads acquisition that we've done. So we've 
acquired 51% for INR 6 crores of consideration. What is the revenue potential that we expect 
from this particular acquisition? And given that the company has been there for two decades 
now, so what is the current run rate that they have, revenue run rate? And given that the salience 
of this particular brand or the company is more in the Eastern India portion, so are we also trying 
to target like cross-selling of other products to that region? Because our revenue consideration 
coming from that region has been lower than North and West. So thoughts on that first? 
Rahul Shah: 
I'll just answer the last part of your question first. In terms of our geographic mix, East currently 
contributes to almost 18% of our gross product sales. While it seems to be lower than what North 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
and West do, but it's important to note that our sales mix on a geographic basis is very much 
balanced with respect to the population of these regions. In East, you see lower sales because 
the population on East of India is on an overall basis, is lower when compared to North and 
West. So it's not that East is not doing well and there would be any cross-selling opportunity. 
We are doing very well in East region, justifying the population and the requirement of the 
market.  
And with this acquisition, we believe we'll be able to do better because we'll be able to reach our 
consumer in a shorter time, and more importantly, effectively and efficiently because in paper 
stationery, if you see the logistics, the delivery logistic cost is very high. So by having operations 
in East of India, we'll be able to effectively reach our consumer for their paper stationery 
requirement in a better way. 
 
Giving you a background about Super Treads. Super Treads is basically -- has been in existence 
for almost over two decades, but it has been purely an OEM sort of a manufacturer. So Super 
Treads basically has been doing job work primarily for ITC for a very long period of time and 
other few brands. They never had their own sort of a brand. They have a very small brand, which 
they used only for the local market in Siliguri, but nothing significant in terms of sales network 
or anything that they had. So it's basically a job work OEM sort of a player. In terms of capacity, 
they have a capacity of processing about 300 metric tons of paper for different types of books 
that they can manufacture in the current infrastructure.  
And in terms of potential, this infrastructure can translate to monthly sales of about INR 2.5 
crores to INR 3 crores working at full optimal capacity per month. But right now, we will once 
the acquisition is complete, we will start by, first, getting the infrastructure changed in terms of 
the requirement of our current product portfolio. There might be a requirement to add some more 
machines and ancillaries which are required for the type of books that we manufacture. And post 
that, we believe that we can reach that potential in terms of revenue potential. And Eastern 
market does have that much opportunity. And Siliguri, as a region in East India, is strategically 
located because Northeast is also close. West Bengal, key markets are also close, so is Bihar and 
Odisha. So strategically also, they are in a good geography and can help us expand our paper 
stationery business in East India at a faster rate. 
Aradhana Jain: 
So I was wanting to know that the capex that we plan to do of around, say, INR 400 crores, INR 
450-odd crores for the next 2 years, is it fair to assume that the entire capex will be funded 
through internal funds or is there a scope of us to take external funding for the same? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, out of this capex, Aradhana, we already have some amount which we raised during the IPO, 
which is still unutilized, about INR 165-plus crores as on 31st March, which continues to remain 
unutilized from the IPO proceeds that we raised, so that would be used. And rest of all should 
be funded through internal accruals. And if required, our balance sheet today also supports 
raising some more debt funds if required. But right now, we don't see any significant requirement 
of raising debt. Internal accruals plus IPO proceeds should be good enough to fund the expansion 
for the next couple of years. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. Just last question from my end on the brands that we have, DOMS TOTS, Fixy Fix, 
Amariz, how has the performance been? Has DOMS TOTS picked up for us? Any thoughts on 
that? 
Rahul Shah: 
See, these are as it is not categories which  or I would say, product lines which are going to grow 
significantly or meet the requirements of our other scholastic material because it caters to a very 
niche market, very small range of kids, typically used by kids from the age group of 2 to 3, 3.5 
years. After that, they start using our regular crayons or regular finger paints. So you will never 
see this to grow in terms of sub-brand very significantly. But they are very important to fulfill 
our product portfolio.  
And TOTS, especially with TOTS, what happens is we are able to reach our consumers faster. 
Earlier, our products used to -- kids used to start using from 3 to 4 years, and now they are able 
to use it from 2 years. But it's otherwise not something which will grow substantially in terms 
of absolute revenue numbers.  
In terms of Amariz, if you see in the fine art product segment, if you see year-on-year, we've 
done a growth of over 50% and that has predominantly come from the increase in sale of the 
fine art products manufactured and sold by DOMS under the brand name of Amariz. So yes, that 
is doing reasonably well.  
Again, with respect to Fixy Fix, if you see our hobby and craft segment, that's also grown by 
almost close to 25%, where growth has predominantly come from the scholastic adhesives 
product lines, which are sold under the brand Fixy Fix. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. This was helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mosam Shah from Wealthguardian. You may 
proceed. 
Mosam Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of number. Just wanted to ask, as you mentioned about the pencil 
capacity of 5.5 million pencils per day and pens to be at 3 million pens per day. So I just wanted 
to ask, what is the capacity for paper, excluding the acquisition that we have done? So, also 
about the bags and wet wipes? 
Rahul Shah: 
Paper, our capacity today is a little upwards of 1,000 tons per month. And with the new machine 
that we are coming up, which will be installed at Pioneer very soon, this will increase by another 
15% to 17% and this excludes the new acquisition.  
And with respect to wet wipes, the capacity of wet wipe that we'll have is about 1.7 crores packs 
per annum. But it's, Mosam, important to note that Uniclan currently also generates some amount 
of sales from sale of wet wipes. They used to buy from outside and sell. It will now be something 
which they will make in-house and then sell. So it's not something which will add to the revenues 
completely. It's just some amount of that would replace the existing trading business that they 
used to do.  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
In terms of bags, our capacities right now are limited and bag capacity is driven more by stitching 
capacities. The bag manufacturing operations are located in Jalandhar, which is like a hub for 
sports good and bags where you also have the ability to increase the capacity with minimal sort 
of investment and infrastructure requirements is possible. So depending upon how the bag 
business and how the feedback that we get from the market, we'll decide on how do we want to 
increase our capacities for bags. But right now the capacities are limited. 
Mosam Shah: 
Okay. And what about the art section in the portfolio? 
Rahul Shah: 
So in terms of revenue? 
Mosam Shah: 
Yes, capacity-wise. 
Rahul Shah: 
So we've not added any material capacity to our scholastic art segment. There have been some 
capacity additions that have happened in the fine art segment. Right now, like I said, looking at 
the market demand and requirements, we've prioritized our capacity additions in writing 
instrument, paper stationery. This will be followed by increase in scholastic stationery. During 
the last year, we also increased our capacity for mathematical boxes significantly from about 
75,000 boxes a day to more than 100,000 boxes a day. So depending on the market requirements, 
Mosam, we are being flexible to get the pulse of the market and increase our capacities 
accordingly. So right now, the focus areas have been this.  
Going forward, writing instrument capacity additions will happen. There will be capacity 
additions for pens. There will be capacity additions for pencils for paper stationery. And then 
we'll probably look at capacity additions for scholastic art material. Fine art, capacity additions 
are something which are an ongoing process. 
Mosam Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth Services. 
You may proceed. 
Resha Mehta: 
Just a quick clarification. So the scholastic art stationery -- Scholastic stationery, Scholastic art 
materials and the kits and combos, these three segments have grown by only 4.5% in value terms 
in FY'25. So this low growth is purely due to the capacity constraint or is it also the market 
demand? 
Rahul Shah: 
So, Resha, see, if you look at a gross product sales perspective, the revenues. Probably what you 
all are doing is multiplying the category-wise sales we've stated with the revenue from 
operations. But if you look at the gross product sales, which is pre-discount schemes and other 
rebates, then these three segments put together have grown by about 8%, 7.7% to be precise. 
This growth has predominantly come about 3%-odd was volume growth and the rest is value 
growth. Like I said, we've not added any significant capacities in this segment. So whatever 
volume growth also we are seeing is purely because of improving efficiencies where we are able 
to manufacture more quantities in the same infrastructure. So yes, the growth in this segment 
has been limited because of lack of available capacities, additional capacities. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Resha Mehta: 
And would you say the incentives and the discounts have also kind of increased? 
Rahul Shah: 
So incentives and discounts have increased, but if you see, it's not something which has impacted 
our profitability. These have increased because now with a larger bouquet and portfolio of 
product, a lot of cross-product selling we do by introducing schemes and discounts where on a 
particular product, you give some new product in the market, to get feedback. So yes, on a 
absolute number basis, that has increased. Also, it is important to note that in Uniclan, where a 
majority of their business comes from e-commerce, and e-commerce typically have this entire 
thing where the gross sales first is higher and then you pay them incentive. So we started netting 
it out. So as a result of this, because of some additional schemes and discounts given by DOMS 
and also the impact of Uniclan consolidate, the absolute number of schemes and discounts you 
see has increased significantly, but something which is not impacting the profitability. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And the guidance for the consol revenues for the current financial year is 18% to 20%. 
But what would that be for the core stationery business, excluding hygiene? 
Rahul Shah: 
Some similar line, similar line. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. And lastly, just a macro question on the exports, right? So because of the uncertainty, 
especially in the U.S., how has been the demand for exports to the U.S. market for stationery 
overall? 
Rahul Shah: 
The demand has been pretty much similar. We've not seen, when the tariffs were raised and all, 
we have not seen any orders being cancelled from FILA. Because in U.S., we do sales only 
through the FILA network. So we've not seen any orders or anything cancelled. But yes, what 
we understand from them, there is some uncertainty because nobody expected this sort of a 
reaction even in U.S., but the things are getting stable now. Our shipments are as planned, there 
has been offtake. There has not been any cancellation of orders. And with increasing capacities 
from pencils coming in, we believe our sales to U.S. to increase going forward. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. And the outlook for the U.S. exports. So I mean while we have not seen any cancellations 
so far, but going forward, have your orders kind of reduced because of the uncertainty or 
something of that sort? 
Rahul Shah: 
No, absolutely not. Like I said, in U.S., our business is only through FILA. We sell to a FILA 
Group company there, manufacture goods under their brand and sell to them. And we've not 
seen any cancellations or anything from them. If you see last year also, our business to U.S. had 
grown by about 6%, which is in line with our growth of our Scholastic Stationery and Scholastic 
Art business. 
Resha Mehta: 
All right. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference call 
over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOMS Industries Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Rahul Shah: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of DOMS, I would like to thank you all once again for joining 
us on this call today. We hope we've been able to answer most of your queries. Please feel free 
to reach out to our Investor Relation teams for any further clarifications or queries that you all 
may have. Wish you all a good day. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
