 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE                                                                  Date: May 21, 2025 
 
To 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
To 
 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call 
held to discuss Financial Results for quarter and year ended 31st March, 
2025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts and 
investors held on 15th May, 2025 to discuss the audited financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended on 31st March, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours sincerely, 
For RITES Limited 
 
 
 
Ashok Mishra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F6411 
Ashok 
Mishra
Digitally signed 
by Ashok Mishra 
Date: 2025.05.21 
22:10:02 +05'30'

 
 
RITES Limited 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
 
Event Date / Time: 15/05/2025, 11:00 Hrs. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, I am Pelsia, moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
the conference call of RITES Limited to discuss its Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 results. 
 
We have with us today Shri Rahul Mithal, Chairman and Managing Director. Dr. Deepak 
Tripathi, Director Technical & Director Projects (Additional Charge), and Shri Krishna Gopal 
Agarwal, Director Finance and Chief Financial Officer. At this moment, all participants are in 
the listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question & answer session. At that time if you 
have a question please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. Please note this conference 
is being recorded. In the interest of time and fairness to all participants, you are requested to 
restrict yourself to one question per participant. Time permits, you may come back in the 
question queue. 
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Shri Rahul Mithal, Chairman and Managing Director, 
Rites Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So good morning, everyone. To begin with, let me give you the Safe Harbor statement. The 
presentation and press release, which we uploaded on our website yesterday and discussion 
during the call today, may have some forward-looking statements. These statements are 
considering the environment we see as of today and obviously carry a risk in terms of 
uncertainty because of which the actual results could be different, and we do not undertake 
to update those statements periodically. 
 
With that, let me give you a brief overview of the performance in quarter four and the FY 
overall. You see the performance in Q4 is in line with our two-pronged business focused 
strategy of improved execution and aggressive order inflow. If you recall, at the end of Q3, we 
had given a guidance that we'll make all out efforts in Q4 to try and peg back and come as 
closer to as possible to FY '24 and will try and get the revenue dip to below 10%, profits dip to 
below 20%. 
 
The operational efficiency and the focused approach in Q4 helped us achieve at the end, an 
overall FY dip in revenue of 8% and PAT dip in 14%. Further, the aggressive order inflow, we 
maintained the strike rate of more than one order a day, the strike rate of one export order a 
quarter. We got more than 150 plus orders totaling to INR 1,400 crores in Q4 and ending the 
FY with an all-time high order book of nearly INR 8,900 crores. 
 
So that in a nutshell is the performance of Q4 and FY in total. I leave the floor open for 
questions now. 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
 
Questions & Answers 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Now we'll begin the question & answer session. If you have a question please press 
* and 1 on your telephone keypad. In the interest of time and fairness to all participants, you 
are requested to restrict yourself to one question per participant. Time permits, you may 
come back in the question queue. We will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. 
 
The first question comes from Anand Bhaskaran from Ksema Wealth Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Anand Bhaskaran 
 
Yes. So, regarding your export book, as per the previous Q3, you mentioned that some of the 
orders like the supply of 10 locomotives to Mozambique and supply of 200 number of broad-
gauge coaches, that will be completed in 2029. But the realization will come in the next 
quarter of FY '26. Is that still on the plan? Or will it be still delayed? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
No, I didn't get your question. You see, let me again clarify. There are two orders. One is 10 
locomotives to Mozambique and 200 coaches to Bangladesh. What we have said in Q3 is that 
starting this FY, that is FY '26, the deliveries will start and aiming at least that from Q1 latest 
or beginning of Q2, both these deliveries, the locomotives and the coaches will start for the 
balance from the latter part of the FY and that's still on track. 
 
Anand Bhaskaran 
 
Okay. That's still on track. So, deliveries will happen, but you also mentioned the realization 
will start taking place within Q1 as well. 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. So, the way it works in export orders is that, number one, the realization takes place of 
revenue only when the actual bill of lading is made at the ports. So even if the product is ready, 
it is shipped and the date it is shipped, we get the revenue. So that is still on track. As I said, 
we are aiming maybe latest by end of Q1 or early Q2, the locomotives delivery will start out 
of the 10-part deliveries will start because there has to be a minimum number of quantity, 
which is also, then you get the berth in the ship. And the coaches we are aiming by latter part 
of the FY out of the 200 coaches; some basic initial lots of coaches will start deliveries. 
 
Anand Bhaskaran 
 
Okay. and you also mentioned the revenue guidance and the top line and bottom-line 
guidance selection also. But do you have a sense of what will be the revenue mix for the FY 
'26? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
You see, as we said at the end of Q3 and we maintained that also at the end of the FY, that 
having now completed the FY with the highest ever order book of nearing INR 8,900 crores, 
we are aspiring to reach the highest ever revenue in the coming FY and then we are aiming to 
get about 20% growth in the top line and commensurate growth in the bottom line. And that 
guidance which we are aiming for at the end of Q3, that gets substantiated. We are still on 
track on the same guidance in view of the continued order book inflow in Q4 as well as the 
operational efficiency, which we demonstrated in Q4.  
 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nemish Sundar 
 
Yes, sir. Congratulations on a very good set of numbers during the quarter. So some margin 
saw really impressive rise during this quarter, around 30%. So how would be this run rate 
going forward on a sustainable basis with exports kick in from FY 26? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes, morning. You see, the margins in Q4, I would not advise you to see them in isolation. The 
margins, if you see on an overall FY, give you the real picture. And in overall FY, the EBITDA 
margins are at about 23% and the PAT margins are at about 18%. And moving forward, as you 
see the split in our order book, more and more it is tending every passing quarter to have 
more orders on the competitive basis and as the higher margin orders start reaching their 
completion, moving forward, as I have been indicating in the previous quarters also, on an 
overall FY basis, we feel that the expected range of EBITDA margin would be about 20% odd 
and PAT margins would be about 15% to 16%. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question comes from Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis Securities Ltd. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Uttam Kumar Srimal 
 
Sir, currently, now our export order extends at INR 1,360 crores. So how much execution we 
see in FY '26? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So, the bulk of these two, the two orders which make the bulk of these INR 1,360 crores, one 
is the Mozambique order, as I said, sometime back, about 10 locomotives and 200 coaches, 
from Bangladesh. The locomotives delivery, we are aiming to start by, as I said, definitely by 
end of Q1 or early Q2. The coaches, the designs are getting finalized and prototypes. So, there 
are about 5 types of coaches. The prototypes manufacture will start, and we are aiming to 
start delivery by latter part of the year. 
 
So, let's see I mean, both the Bangladesh coaches and the Mozambique locomotive, both our 
clients want that irrespective of the contractual large delivery period, they wanted as early as 
possible. We are also keen. So, let's see how it pans out in these coming months. But we would 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
try and maximize the revenue out of these two orders in this FY. So, it will be too premature 
right now to peg a number. I can only say that out of the 10 locomotives, we will try and give 
maximum number of locomotives, try and achieve  at least about 70% - 80% of the order. And, 
coaches, as I said, the design, they're getting finalized. And as the delivery starts, the latter 
part of the FY, we see in the coming months how much we can expedite it. 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Shreyans Mehta 
 
So, my first question is on margin. So, as you said that this quarter, we have noticeably higher 
margin. So, is it sustainable in the long term or we can have the 20% margin as you guided for 
FY 26? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes, as I said, the margins viewed in a particular quarterQ4 may not give a real overall holistic 
picture. The margins which we have been preempting in my earlier guidance is also and as we 
see the order book that we have, the mix in the order book, as I said, most of these orders, 
both the export as well as domestic, are on very tough competitive margins. So, we are aiming 
and we would see that a realistic EBITDA margins on an overall FY basis would be in the range 
of about 20% odd and PAT margins would be over 15% to 16%. 
 
On a particular quarter due to a certain change in the mix of inflow, you would see some ups 
and downs in the margin. But on an overall FY in the coming FY 26, we would see, as I said, 
20% and 15% to 16%. 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Viraj Mithani from Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Viraj Mithani 
 
Sir, I just want to reconfirm. You are saying that we'll grow at 20% from this year and EBITDA 
margins would be in the range of 18% and PAT in the 15%. Is that correct? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. So just a correction, I said that we are aiming to grow in the top line of about 20%. The 
EBITDA margins would, we foresee will settle down somewhere around about 20% odd and 
PAT margins about 15% - 16% in the coming FY. 
 
Viraj Mithani 
 
Is it because of the more of a turnkey project you've taken? And then this is, well, now the 
honesty, the composition of the order book, the turnkey is higher than any other, you know, 
segment of business? 
 
Rahul Mithal 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
 
So, first of all, let me clarify. As I have said it repeated times earlier also, we are a pure 
consultancy company. We are not a construction company. What you see as INR 4,200 crores 
in the as a turnkey in the order book, that's not really a construction, I mean, not like an EPC 
construction company. Primarily our role is still as a consultant. Only thing the revenue passes 
through us. So, let's say, a consultancy fee of INR 4 rupees, instead of the order value being 
INR 4 , the order value is INR 104 or 100 plus 4. So that's the only difference. Our work, our 
content, our scope of work is exactly the same. So we are not deviating from our core strength 
of being a consultancy company. 
 
Having said that, the impact on margins is primarily due to a mix of factors. And one of the 
key factors is changing business dynamics, if you see compare our mix of order book every 
year in the last two to three years especially, the shift now is a majority on the competitive 
basis and on the nomination vis a vis the nomination basis. And even the orders which are on 
nomination basis, I wouldn't really call them nomination. They are primarily kind of single 
tender orders given to us, because of our capability and experience where it is based on a very 
tough negotiation, on deciding the rates, etc. 
 
So, with all those factors and the competition around, that's contributing by and large to the 
margin. So the erstwhile margins, which have been there three to four years back, are not 
possible to be achieved. And that was what makes us feel that we will be in the range of about 
20% in EBITDA and about 15% to 16% in PAT margins. 
 
Viraj Mithani 
 
And it's in connection to  the same question. we will maintain the same dividend policy? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. Dividend,  as you have been seeing, our dividend payout ratio in FY24 overall was 95.2%. 
In FY25, we maintained that level, at  about 95.4%. So with that, we are assuring that since 
because our business model, as we have been very firmly unequivocally saying in the last few 
one or two years, we are a low CapEx company. We are not going to give you any surprises. 
Our business model remains same. We are a consultancy company. So the dividend payout 
ratios will be appreciably in the same trend. 
 
Moderator 
 
Next question comes from Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Parimal Mithani 
 
Sir, second, the question relates to consultancy business. So, if you see over a period of time, 
as you highlighted earlier also, we are shifting more towards the competitive bidding 
landscape. Is it fair to assume that, sir? And we'll be able to achieve consultancy revenues of 
INR 1,200 crores odd, which we had a couple of years back in this landscape max, if you can 
highlight that. 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
Yes. So, as you correctly pointed out, the overall trend in all consultancy across all areas of 
infrastructure, 13 odd verticals are shifting and both domestic and international are shifting 
to competitive mode. And that's why, you see the growth in actual consultancy revenue, even 
if you see sequentially there has been a substantial growth, Y-o-Y if you see in quarter four, 
there has been a growth of 11%. And as these recent orders in the last two - three quarters 
which we have received, as they start generating revenue in the coming quarters, both in 
terms of fresh inflow of consultancy orders as well as revenue coming from execution of these 
orders received in the last FY, you will continue to see a growth in consultancy. 
 
So consultancy being our core bread and butter strength, we will continue to grow both in 
terms of order inflow, domestic and international, as well as revenue realization from the 
order book. 
 
Parimal Mithani 
 
And so follow-up to that question, can you highlight the update on the RITES and DME, JV in 
terms of assurance business? If you can show -- how it is going through, which we had. 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. So, as we have diversified in our QA business in the last 1 to 1.5 years, we are partnering 
with a number of QA entities, both domestic and international. And that is why if you see the 
QA business in front of a huge hit this year, the hit of QA business to our revenue and profit 
both combined have been the range of about INR 40 to 50 crores, which is a huge hit. And so, 
the ratio in this FY, this was the first FY where this diversification of taking on fresh clients has 
really borne through due to these various partnerships, both in the competitive mode. 
 
We started getting our first international QA order in Sri Lanka Railway and today, our 
diversified QA inspection vertical is taking on orders, has got a majority now of about 55% to 
60% of non-railway QA business also. So as the pie expands, the ratio also in diversification is 
expanding. And these partnerships, not only this, but other partnerships also that we've done 
in QA has helped us in this diversification. 
 
Moderator 
 
There is no response. We have a follow-up question from Anand Bhaskaran from Ksema 
Wealth Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Anand Bhaskaran 
 
So I just want to ask about what will be the revenue mix for the upcoming financial year? What 
do you think would be sure? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So, Anand, it would be safe to say the order book mix, as I mentioned, the export orders, we 
are definitely aiming to, maximize out of the INR 1,350 crore, we can get. The consultancy, 
which is a healthy INR 3,000 crore and even the turnkey, which is INR 4,200 crore, as I 
explained, these are primarily consultancy itself except the method of accountal. 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
So the primarily, the export will bounce back after a gap of nearly two years. This year, the 
export revenue was almost nil. Last year, it's about INR 100 crores. So these two years, if you 
have taken a hit, export you will see a bigger contribution in both in top line and bottom line. 
And consultancy and turnkey will continue to see a growth that has already seen sequential 
growth, healthy growth Q3 to Q4,  Y-o-y Q4 has shown about 11% growth in consultancy 
revenue. 
 
Anand Bhaskaran 
 
So you mentioned that, okay, consultancy & turnkey will relatively maintain the same amount 
of order book growth? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
 
We have a follow-up question from Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Shreyans Mehta 
 
Yes, sir. So my next question is on the export orders. So can you share the value of the export 
orders, where we are currently L1, but yet to be converted into the company's book? And also, 
any guidance on the new export orders inflow expected in the FY '26? And what revenue we 
are targeting from the export orders as we have nearly INR 1,300 crores as on date? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So as far as L1 is concerned, we will declare it the minute we are L1. We don't like to speculate 
with the works in progress. We are engaging in a number of bids for export. Only one old 
agreement, which is not included in our order book, which we signed about two years back 
with the National Railway of Zimbabwe, for wagons and locomotives, that is yet to be 
converted into an order because they are still waiting for a funding confirmation, which they 
are trying. 
 
So that's as far as the order book of export is concerned. In terms of realization, as I explained, 
the locomotives order of 10 locomotives to Mozambique, which is totaling about INR 300 
crores. The deliveries will start in the next few months, as I said, maybe, end of Q1 or beginning 
Q2. And, we aim to, let's see, as I said, maximize out of these in this coming FY. It's too early 
right now to predict an exact number. I can only say that we are trying to maximize out of all 
of these, the entire order. 
 
The coaches 200, which is again a huge order of about INR 900 crores. The designs are under 
final approval. There are five types of design with Bangladesh railway. And, we will aim to get 
the prototype manufactured and get it approved and start deliveries by latter part of the FY. 
So in the coming few months, in terms of exact numbers, more clarity will emerge. But it is 
safe to say that this is the first year after a gap of nearly two years where you see a substantial 
contribution of export revenue in both top and bottom line. 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
 
Shreyans Mehta 
 
Yes. Sir, Just you can quantify the export or new export orders, what we can expect in this 
financial year? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So again, that's speculative, right? As I said, we have maintained in the last five quarters 
successively the aspirational target that we had said, for one export order a quarter. We will 
try and continue to maintain that the exact details will be speculative at this stage. 
 
Moderator 
 
Next question comes from Gaurav Jagirdhar an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Gaurav Jagirdhar 
 
I have one question. Can you shed some light in the consultancy scenario, the present orders, 
what is the quantum and how does the future look like? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. You see, our biggest strength in consultancy is that, both domestic and international, we 
are tackling all areas of infrastructure except oil and natural gas. So if you see that give you a 
flavor of the type of orders which we got in the last few months in Q4, so whether it is rail 
infra orders, whether it is a study of new high speed corridors, the feasibility studies, the DPRs, 
whether it is study for sidings, you know, whether it's an oil company or whether it is a mineral 
company, whether it is DPRs for Jaipur Metro, whether it is orders for leasing of locomotives, 
whether it is the orders for operation and maintenance of the mini rail systems that we run 
for the various PSUs. 
 
So you see a mix of all these orders across whether it is building consultancy orders, third 
party highway, large number of highways, third party and safety and quality inspections. 
orders across states including Northeast. So whether it is bridges, tunnels, highways or all 
areas of infrastructure, we continue to get orders and maintaining this strike rate of more 
than one or literally more than one order a day. As I said, quarter four, we got 150 plus orders. 
We will continue to get orders in consultancy in the coming FY. 
 
Gaurav Jagirdhar 
 
That's really great. And what is this quantum, sir, quantum of international order? There is an 
absolute number and any specific countries we are targeting we have in mind? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So in international, we have today an export order book of about INR 1,350 crores and a 
consultancy order book of about INR 400 crores (including turnkey). You will see in this FY, 
and that's our focus, that's the next milestone which we are trying to achieve besides growth 
in export order book, definitely growth in the international consultancy order book. And 
whether it is the African Continent, whether it is the Southeast Asian countries, whether it is 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
Latin America, we are doing got a recent order of highway in Guyana, whether it is the, Middle 
East countries, we've got an order in Jordan. So we are targeting these geographies, and 
obviously aspiring to even go to some of the G7 countries to try and get international 
consultancy orders building up on our strength. 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Viraj Mithani from  Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Viraj Mithani 
 
My question is, since you have so many JVs with so many renowned companies in the world, 
can you give some color on what kind of orders or what kind of business we're getting from 
them? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
So, you see, Viraj, our basic strategy, whether for domestic or international consultancy, is 
depending on the kind of sector, you cannot have all possible resources within under the one 
-- under one roof. That is not cost viable. And the complexities of the consultancy in various 
sectors require some skills to be complemented. 
 
So all of these, number one, none of these are JVs. These are all MOUs, memorandums of 
understanding for partnership and collaboration of supplementing each other's skills, to take 
on opportunities. For example, we signed an MOU with Etihad Rail a few months back in UAE. 
And now we are, empaneled with them and we are getting some work. We started getting 
some work in Jordan. This collaboration and partnership, in supplementing either working for 
them or joining them and working together with them for a third-party opportunity. Both 
kinds of MOUs exist. 
 
Viraj Mithani 
 
You talked about,. MOU is regarding quality assurance business. So any color on that in terms 
of growth this year or number which would be back? So that's one of very good businesses 
for us. 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. We have grown and this sustained effort in this FY and this partnership has got us orders 
for, ISA of Vande Bharat, which was in partnership with another company. We got an order. 
We are now, as I said, diversified in so many areas of quality assurance inspection, whether it 
is the solar area, whether it is other infrastructure, whether it is the state government, 
whether it is vendor assessment for the GEM portal. So all these are initiatives which is helping 
us, these partnerships, these MOUs and supplementing with the skills of these partners has 
helped us grow. And we are confident that the way we have grown in this FY, we have 
feathered the hit by the QA business changed in dynamics. And by end of the coming FY, at 
least in terms, we are aiming to reach back the same levels of business in terms of QA. 
 
Moderator 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
Thank you. Next question comes from Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Parimal Mithani 
 
So I just wanted to know in terms of the REMCL business, so what is the way REMCL, I can tell 
us? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. So REMCL has been, as you're aware, doing two things. One is traction procurement, 
which has been growing in terms of because nearly 100% electrification and the growth in 
traffic. The second is the net zero initiative, where it is doing consultancy for Indian Railways, 
where it is playing a huge role. The growth in REMCL has been steady. There has been, it has 
been paying us a huge amount of dividend to both Indian Railways and RITES. So we got a 
good dividend for about INR 40 crores in this year. I see the growth continuing. And what we 
are now doing in the last few quarters and definitely you will see that coming forward in the 
coming FY, It's REMCL skill in renewables, which is collected and accumulated in the last 10 to 
11 years, it's already started doing consultancy work in the renewable sector and started 
getting orders. And those I see growing substantially in the coming FY. 
 
Moderator 
 
 
Next question comes from Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis Securities Ltd. Please go ahead.  
 
Uttam Kumar Srimal 
 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, what would be our CapEx guidance for FY 26 & 
FY 27? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
See, we are a very low CapEx company by our business model, and the CapEx would be very 
minimal. It would definitely not be exceeding about INR 50 to INR 75 crores odd. So, definitely 
well below INR 100 crores, I can say. Our resources are manpower, skilled manpower. So we 
don't really see it changing. As I've been reiterating, our business model is very clear. We won't 
come up with any surprises. We continue to grow in our consultancy field, both domestic and 
international. With that, I don't see any major shift in the trend of CapEx. In fact, it remained 
in the range of INR 450 odd crores. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question comes from Viraj Mithani from Jupiter Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Viraj Mithani 
 
Yes. Sorry, can you quantify, how this quality assurance business? What kind of contribution 
would be there in this serving FY? 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
Rahul Mithal 
 
In terms of contribution, it has come up in terms of our consultancy business, I can only say 
that it is part of the total consultancy revenue. And we were down in 2022, 2023, we took a 
hit of about 50% reduction. We have now come back to about 70%, 80% of the levels of quality 
assurance revenue, which we had. Margins and contribution in terms of bottom line are 
definitely much lesser. 
 
We have taken a hit of about INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores in both the top and bottom line 
in this FY, which by the coming FY, as I mentioned, we will try and reach back the same levels 
of top line in the QA business. Yes, margins being much lesser, the contributions from the 
bottom line in the quality assurance business will definitely take much more time to come 
back to those levels. And that can only be achieved as we go beyond the levels of top line on 
the erstwhile levels that we had in quality assurance. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Parimal Mithani 
 
Sir, regarding quality assurance, I'm sorry, once again, sir. I just wanted to know is the worth 
over in terms of the consultancy business? And from here on, we should see margins being 
stable there, sir? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Yes. Not only in the quality assurance business, which is a part of my consultancy revenue and 
the bottom line, as I said, 2024-25 was a good year of settling down at the levels of margin 
because this was the year where the huge shift took place in terms of the shift to a majority 
of the competitive orders, whether it is in quality assurance or all areas of consultancy. 
 
So what we see that moving forward, we will settle again as a repeat on overall margins of 
about 20% odd EBITDA and 15% - 16% PAT margin. And the consultancy margin, which 
contribute in this overall EBITDA and PAT margin, would also settle in the same range which 
we are seeing primarily if you analyze the three - four quarters of this FY to be able to settle it 
overall on 20% & 15% . 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from Anand Bhaskaran from Ksema Wealth Pvt Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Anand Bhaskaran 
 
Yes. I just want to know about the leasing side of the business. How is that going about? And 
what are the expectations for the future? 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
Yes. The good thing in leasing is that we are continuing to target new clients, new areas. It has 
seen in spite of this sector, again, this is an area which is also now opening up to competition. 
Erstwhile, we used to be the only player. Now we are still the dominant player, but it has now 
opened up a large number to smaller players coming in. So, if you compare growth Y-o-Y in 
the leasing revenue, you will see, however the competition being more, the margins and 
profits are more or less flat. So what we are definitely targeting is that after we have now 
reached a growth of about more than 20% in the number of locomotives that we have leased, 
which are owned by us and leased. 
 
We have also, got huge number of orders from clients who are owning their locomotives but 
giving us on to operate and maintain them. Moving forward, as I said, this is one of the recent 
sectors which is opening up to competition, but the expertise and the experience which we 
have in that, I see a sustained growth. We've been able to see a growth in that, at least in the 
top line and not allowing the bottom line to go beyond the current levels. 
 
Moderator 
 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand over the call to the management for 
their closing comments. 
 
Rahul Mithal 
 
Thank you. At the end, I would like to just pinpoint. You see, sometime back, we put some 
milestones for us. The first milestone was trying to become a one order a day company. We 
maintained that. We have maintained that in the last four quarters, and we will try and 
maintain that. 
 
The second milestone we put for ourselves was trying to get one export order a quarter. We 
have maintained that in the last five quarters, and we aspire to achieve and maintain that. We 
these two, we set ourselves a milestone to grow aggressively in our order book and we have 
ended the FY with the highest ever order book at INR 8,900 crores. In fact, the last entire FY, 
we got more than 500 orders totaling to INR 5,500 crores, which is nearly equivalent to the 
closing order book of 31st March 2024, which was INR 5,700 crores. 
 
The third milestone of breaking a record of the highest ever order book we have achieved. As 
we move forward, we have set ourselves to aspirational milestones of this FY trying to reach 
and break the record of highest ever revenue. We will see how it pans out. But definitely, this 
is some milestone which we are aspiring for. And moving forward in the coming FYs is also 
trying to break the record of being the highest ever profit. 
 
So we will not only maintain the three milestones that we have achieved, we'll try and 
maintain them in the coming quarters, but also aspire to achieve these two targets and 
milestones that we have set ourselves in the coming FYs. So thank you very much. And we, 
our entire team is committed, as I said, to maintain these milestones achieved and aspire to 
achieve these milestones which we have set for ourselves in the coming years, in the coming 
financial years, next year and the subsequent years. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 

 
Rites Limited 
15.05.2025 
Q4 FY '25 and FY '25 Results Conference call 
Thank you all for being a part of conference call. If you need any further information or 
clarification, please mail at investors@rites.com. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference for today. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you, and have a pleasant day. 
 
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level 
of accuracy. Statements in this transcript describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, 
expectations may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable securities laws and 
regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. Important factors that 
could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the 
Company operates, changes in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental 
factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
