 
  
July 07, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Stock Code: 532382 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051 
Stock Code: BALAJITELE 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call pertaining to the Financial Performance for the Fourth 
Quarter and Financial Year ended on March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find attached 
the transcript of the Conference call with Investors and Analysts held on Friday, July 04, 2025, to discuss 
operational and financial performance of the Company for the fourth quarter and financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025. 
 
Link to access the audio recording: 
https://www.balajitelefilms.com/pdf/otherdocuments/BTL_Q4%20FY25%20Earnings%20Call%20Audio.
mp3  
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at www.balajitelefilms.com 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
 
Tannu Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. ACS 30622 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Tannu 
Sharma
Digitally signed 
by Tannu Sharma 
Date: 2025.07.07 
12:51:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Balaji Telefilms Limited 
Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
                             
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY DWIVEDI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BALAJI TELEFILMS LIMITED 
 
MR. VIREN TRIVEDI – FINANCE CONTROLLER – 
BALAJI TELEFILMS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Balaji Telefilms Limited Q4 and FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Adfactors PR. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future 
performance of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Dwivedi, Group CEO and Group CFO of 
Balaji Telefilms Limited for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to extend a warm welcome to everyone to Balaji 
Telefilms Earnings Conference call for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2025. 
On call with me today are Mr. Viren Trivedi, our Finance Controller and Adfactors, our Investor 
Relationship Team. I hope you all would have had the chance to go through our financial results, 
press release and presentation published on the Stock Exchange and our website. I am very 
pleased to address you all today as the company stands at the cusp of a major turning point in its 
growth journey. Balaji Telefilms needs no introduction. 
 
It stands as a stalwart in the entertainment industry with a legacy of over three decades. Driven 
by creative geniuses, Balaji has delivered numerous super hit titles across all formats with a 
dominating presence especially in TV and now in movies. Over the years, our films has not only 
enthralled Indian audience but also captured the interest of viewers worldwide. 
 
Speaking of the key developments over recent past, it has been an eventful year for us, marked 
with several milestones. As you all might be aware, we recently successfully completed the 
amalgamation of our subsidiary companies into one entity. As a result, ALT and Marinating 
Films Pvt. Ltd. have been merged into Balaji Telefilms Ltd. Consequently, content production 
operations will be consolidated leading to better efficiency and utilization of pooled resources. 
 
We aim to reduce redundancy and cost and overall get better synergies as a whole, marking a 
new chapter in our growth trajectory. The merger will also result in significant tax benefits. More 
recently, in June 2025, we entered into a long-term creative collaboration with Netflix for a 
range of exciting projects across different formats of storytelling. 
 
This association of two industry giants will usher in new era of delivering distinctive, high-
quality entertainment across formats, genres, and audiences. We have, in the past, collaborated 
with Netflix wherein we worked with them on popular titles such as Kathal, Pagglait, Jaane Jaan, 
Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare. Earlier this year, we successfully completed a fundraiser 
activity to fuel our future business growth plans. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
We raised INR130.7 crores through these issues in which our promoters also participated. The 
proceeds from this are being utilized towards scaling up our movie distribution business, our 
digital platform and content business, and enhance our intellectual property portfolio. 
 
Our business at present can be structured into three broad categories -- digital, movies, and 
television. Digital, which comprises our entire gamut of online streaming channels, including all 
YouTube and other platforms which we partner with. Movies is our production house where we 
have and continue to offer blockbuster films. 
 
Television is, of course, our oldest line of business where we have dominated the prime time 
since years and delivered numerous popular shows. Starting with an update on our digital 
business, the pandemic expedited the shift to online digital platforms of content consumption, 
and we at Balaji have been well prepared for this paradigm shift. This quarter, we saw the highest 
ever subscription being sold, standing at 3.29 lakh subscriptions. 
 
This includes 1,73,000 renewals. I am thrilled to report that we have over 2 million active 
subscribers on the ALT platform. This strong growth in subscriber addition is on the back of our 
continuous efforts to improve and widen our content library, coupled with unique marketing 
strategy and user-friendly subscription plan. 
 
This quarter, we added 11 new shows, taking the total number of original live on the platform 
to 170. More importantly, the uptick in subscription and even renewal numbers which we saw 
reflect both strong acquisition and retention. Content engagement also improved further with the 
viewing minutes rising to 17.49 billion and total views growing to 1.79 billion. We believe that 
ALT Balaji today offers one of the most diverse content choices for its consumers. 
One of our unique advantages is that our TV and movie business and access to the wider content 
ecosystem, we have a leverage of producing great content at lower cost when compared to 
market rates. For example, we can harness talent from our movies and TV business to create a 
differentiated content offering as compared to the shows Balaji Telefilm produces on TV.  
Looking ahead, our digital strategy is well positioned to unlock significant value and drive future 
growth. We are transitioning from a pure SVOD model to a hybrid SVOD plus AVOD 
framework, enabling us to expand our B2C subscriber base while diversifying revenue streams. 
A key initiative on this front is the launch of Kutting, a new platform focused on short vertical 
episode-based content that caters to the evolving consumption habits.  
At the same time, we are strengthening our B2B partnership with multiple platforms, allowing 
us to reach newer demographics and geographies. Our strategy focus is on YouTube, particularly 
our content where we retain IP rights through a mix of repurposed material and exclusive new 
productions. Regional content remains a core pillar of our expansion with targeted programming 
for platforms like ETV and AHA to engage diverse language-specific audiences.  
Additionally, we are scaling our advertiser-funded program ASP, producing branded content on 
behalf of corporate clients, thereby adding another robust revenue system. With this multifaceted 
and forward-looking content strategy coupled with an expanding platform footprint, we are 
confident in achieving multi-fold top-line growth from our digital channels in the quarters ahead. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Coming to the TV business, production has returned closer to the pre-COVID level with almost 
133 hours of content produced this quarter. We had four TV shows running throughout the 
quarter. While overall demand for content remains strong, there is some softness in the rates 
from the broadcasters, which reflect the shift in consumer trends away from traditional TV. 
 
Having said that, hit shows continue to command premium, and as you are aware, Balaji has a 
strong record of creating hits. We have a healthy content pipeline from the coming quarters and 
TV remains a strong backbone from our other line of business. Finally, touching upon our movie 
business, we expect to see some rush by the producers to target the windows for release and feel 
the movie business will see some elements of fluidity for the next eight to 12 months. 
We are able to complete the sale of existing ready movies to digital platforms and cycle the 
capital well. We have a number of exciting projects, and we expect these to get released over 
the next 12 to 18 months, and hence believe it will be necessary to continue to follow a de-risk 
strategy using pre-sales and co-production agreements. In fact, we have been able to de-risk our 
film business by recovering about 85% to 90% of the production costs even before the movie is 
released. 
This de-risk model is designed to ensure greater revenue stability. Among our upcoming 
projects, some of the notable ones are Vrushabha, which is currently in post-production and is 
shaping up to be a significant release in our upcoming slate at Diwali. Bhoot Bangla, starring 
Akshay Kumar and directed by Priyadarshan, we have successfully completed the shoot in May 
2025 and is now moving into post-production phase. And finally, Vvan, a collaboration with 
TVF, starring Sidharth Malhotra, shooting which began at the end of June 2025.  
These projects, alongside others already in the pipeline, reflect the depth and diversity of our 
content slate. As seen in the previous fiscal, we continue to benefit from the healthy mix of pre-
sales and co-production agreements, which help de-risk our investment while allowing us to 
capitalize on the upside potential.  
Overall, our growth strategy going forward is centered around a focus on the movie business, 
strategically supported by the enduring strength of our TV operations. In the movie segment, we 
are building a robust pipeline that spans diverse genres and targets both domestic and 
international markets. On the television front, we will continue leveraging our established 
presence in primetime slots through a mix of new and existing shows.  
Our thrust towards digital includes initiatives mentioned earlier, such as hybrid model on Alt, 
utilizing our YouTube channel on new content and diversifying our content for a wider audience 
demography with the leading OTT platforms. Additionally, the amalgamation of ALT and 
MSVL with Balaji Telefilms is a key move aimed at consolidating content production operation, 
enhancing operational efficiency, and reinforcing our leadership position in the market. Now, 
coming to the financial performance of the quarter and full year. 
 
Revenue for the quarter stood at INR66.25 crores, vis-a-vis INR135.11 crores in the previous 
corresponding quarter. Loss before the tax is at INR10.7 crores. PAT for the quarter stood at 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 5 of 13 
 
INR94 crores, vis-a-vis with a loss of INR2.6 crores in quarter four, while PAT margin came in 
at 142%. EPS for the quarter is 9.07. 
 
Coming to the full year number, operational revenues for FY '25 stood at INR453 crores, with a 
INR625 crores in the previous fiscal year. Loss before tax for the year stood at INR10.2 crores. 
However, the PAT stood at INR84.6 crores vis-a-vis INR19.4 crores for previous year, while 
PAT margin was 18.67%. EPS for the year stands at 8.41. 
 
The group has a robust cash reserves at INR172 crores in bank and mutual funds, thus being 
adequately funded. Moreover, our order book for digital B2B business for the leading OTT 
platform is over INR300 crores. That is all from our side. We can now take any questions you 
may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Nimesh Pandya, an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
My question is, how will the strategic shift from a pure subscription video-on-demand to a hybrid 
SVOD plus AVOD means advertising with only one model for ALT impact subscriber 
acquisition, retention, and overall revenue collection? Just your view on this strategic shift. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So if you just go back two years before, when we were having a cash band of around INR125 to 
INR145 crores each year, that time our original proposition was original, exclusive, not available 
elsewhere, and binge viewing. So it was pure SVOD platform. Last two years, we have realized 
to kind of be dependent only on the SVOD model is actually a huge drag onto the financials. 
 
Hence, we wanted to de-risk this total dependence on SVOD and move to other revenue streams. 
Hence, SVOD model got little diluted with AVOD model. So it is shaping up well. Now, our 
app is supported by Ad-led as well as pure subscription-led model, that is both. And two, what 
we have started doing is we have started building digital strategy, which is YouTube for the 
shows which we have IP. And third is focusing on commissioned shows for the leading OTT 
platform for which we have over INR300 crores of order book as we speak. 
 
Three shows got delivered in the last fiscal, and out of which two have a very successful run at 
the JioHotstar and we are in talks for the second season too, that is Power of Paanch and Kull. 
So we see a paradigm shift in that sense, moving from what we call as TV model, which we 
seemingly look like a model which is on the decline, but there is a life ahead of TV also. But a 
gradual shift into an uptake for the digital content. 
 
And since we have been very successful in creating stories, we are the largest beneficiary of this 
uptake on the Indian content which gets played out on Netflix or Amazon or Sony or Hotstar. 
So we will spread across all this leading OTT platform. And what is happening also is the model 
of shows or the format of shows which historically has been 8 to 10 to 12 episodes. 
 
We are seeing for Indian content, now it is becoming a 50 episode or coming with a second 
season or 100 episode or coming with the second season. So this kind of storytelling formats is 
where Balaji excels, which is drama, long running episodes and that is where we see a huge 
interest from the leading OTT platform. So, that is the way it will be. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
So, it will not be, when we say digital, it does not mean only ALT. It will be having various 
things which will become a digital business. So, ALT will be a smaller piece in the overall digital 
strategy. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Okay, understood. Sir, I have another question. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
And currently, I will just say the cash burn which was close to INR120 crores to INR145 crores 
till say two years back. Now the cash burn is around INR35 lakhs each month. Though the P&L 
will also have a non-cash item and all those stuff. But our cash burn currently on the app itself 
is INR35 lakhs per month. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Right. Sir, I have another question. Like considering the transition which has happened, so what 
would be the key performance indicators to increase the subscriber base and the renewal rates 
also? We would like to have your view on this? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Yes, so the way it will be, see TV yield will continue to be under stress. So, I do not see TV 
yield improving in coming quarters or coming years. So, we are still down by over 25% to the 
pre-COVID level. So, TV will continue to be under stress in terms of margins. However, the 
shift will happen for the commissioned OTT platform for the leading channels like Netflix or 
Amazon. 
 
So, there is a huge upside into the business. That is where we have this INR300 crore of order 
book which we are talking about. Having said that, whether the margin which we used to get on 
TV say at 25%, 30% also, whether it will be there in digital business, it will not be in the same 
range. 
 
But more business is seemingly coming from this digital side. So, we should be, suppose if there 
is 300 quarter, our endeavor is to get at least 100 quarter revenue in each year at least. And that 
is the way to go. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kritik Shah, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kritik Shah: 
So, sir, I wanted to know whether what is the target IRR that you are actually targeting whenever 
you enter into pre-production or acquiring any movie after the release for the OTT platform? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, the way it is, we do not acquire films. So, we do not trade in motion pictures business or we 
do not trade in content. Typically, the whole thing is homegrown. We greenlit the concept. We 
kind of work on the concepts. We go ahead and kind of fund those movies. The way we do is, 
we totally de-risk it because the moment we think this movie has a potential, we kind of try to 
get the feel from the rights holder where we monetize and see their interest. 
 
And also, we get a fair indication of what will be the potential sales on these platforms. And 
once we see a commercial feasibility, we greenlit the show for the production. Otherwise, till 
such time, there is no visibility. There is no definitive agreement in place for the digital rights. 
We don't greenlit any of the movies. And we don't trade in content. So, it is not that fully made 
movie comes to us and we pay premium for those things. That we don't do it. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
So, on an IRR basis or a return on capital employed, so if you see movie typically gets distorted 
when you look at the financial statement because in one year, if you get two movies, then the 
revenue goes kind of substantially higher. And quarterly releases is still that none of the listed 
companies and also the unlisted ones have figured out how to do it each quarter because there 
are a handful of windows open for you to come on the theatrical side. But having said that, what 
we are trying to do is we clearly see over a period. 
 
So, if we just see Balaji Motion Pictures over a period of six years, we have generated 22% 
return. Taking all movies together, whether it is profitable movies or a loss making projects. 
Overall, we have generated 22% return on the capital. 
Moderator: 
Sir, the participant Kritik Shah has left us a call. The next question comes from the line of 
Mayuresh Rao from Invest4Edu. Please go ahead. 
Mayuresh Rao: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is how does the company plan to effectively 
deploy strong cash reserve of around INR172 crores to generate further growth and return 
beyond just scaling the movie business and IP creation as stated? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Yes. So, basically, when we did this fundraise, we clearly outlined the utilization for the segment 
itself in the fundraise document, which movie business will take another INR65 crores out of 
INR131 crores. Digital and music expansions and exploring more rights there, it will be around 
INR33 crores. 
And general corporate purposes we have kept aside for any opportunities or anything which we 
think we should be doing it. That is around INR32.5 crores. So, largely, the fund deployment 
will be into IP-led businesses, whether it is movie or digital. And on the motion picture side, we 
clearly see a trend where the sequels are outperforming box office numbers, if done it in a nicer 
way.  
So, I think we will continue to do that. We had Dream Girl 1, Dream Girl 2, we have Ragini, we 
have LSD, we have Crew, we have Shootout series, we have Once Upon a Time series, we have 
Dirty Pictures. So, most of this will also get used into this developing this IP and this format.  
And in three years, I think movie will be the main source of business, followed with digital and 
TV will become the third line of business. So, the pyramid will just turn upside down. 
Mayuresh Rao: 
Okay. And sir, could you throw some color on your Netflix deal sir and your current order 
pipeline? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, we announced Netflix deal on Ekta's birthday, 50th birthday. And there are still some 
definitive agreements pending under discussion, we will sign it out. But the basic thing is, it is 
not a one show deal, one movie deal or one format shows. It is a long term deal. It covers 3 
years, 5 years, 7 years type zone.  
And it is across the format, we will do direct to OTT movies, we will do reality based shows, 
we will do telenovela and we will also do binge viewing format shows. So, that way it is a long 
term and enduring relationship which we have entered into. Details will come in the following 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 8 of 13 
 
quarters, the moment we crystallize the numbers and the way to go ahead. But in principle, this 
relationship is sealed. 
Mayuresh Rao: 
Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mamta Shah from Fresh Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Mamta Shah: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is, sir, your revenue per 
hour seems relatively stable year-on-year. So, do you expect any meaningful improvement here 
because of the shift to digital and branded content? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, when you see year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, you will see a stability in the revenue per 
hour or revenue per episode. But what is to be noticed is, this is still down by 25% over pre-
COVID levels. So, to say this, though it has got stabilized, but we have not got even inflationary 
price rise to improve upon the yield on the television sides. 
I believe this trend will continue and we will not reach the level which we had before COVID 
in terms of realization per hour. So, TV business will continue to be volume led rather than 
revenue per episode. And what is happening on the commissioning side? Of course, because 
there is a huge upside, which is there on the digital content and we as a storytelling company, 
we are one of the biggest beneficiaries.  
So, whatever drop you see on the television side will be adequately and more than that, it will 
be compensated by the digital B2B business, which we will have. For which we have over 
INR300 crores of order book as we speak. 
Mamta Shah: 
Okay. And so, do you have any volume target for movies and digital content for the year? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, when you say volume, you said volume? 
Mamta Shah: 
Target for movies and digital. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, typically, we have always tried to do three to four movies in a year. We intend to do up to 
six movies in a year. That's our target in the year, year and a half we will be there. And we'll 
continue to build movie slates like that. 
Mamta Shah: 
Okay. So, yes. That's all I had. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
And every quarter we are adding INR50 crores of B2B digital content into our order book. But 
just to kind of convey this, that it takes a bit of time before the contract gets signed and then 
finally the show gets green lit to a production level. So, the longitude -- whereas TV is far more 
predictable. Every day you deliver an episode, you book a revenue. Whereas for digital business, 
the gestation period is a little longer than what you see on TV. 
Mamta Shah: 
Okay. So, can you throw light on the period for digital? Like how long it takes? 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, typically, if it is an eight episode or say 12 episode, it takes a year, year and a half from the 
discussion stage to completion of the shoot. And then when a digital channel finds the window, 
it gets released. But if it is a big budget movie called INR90 crores, INR100 crores, then it takes 
2 years, 2.5 years also to make. 
Mamta Shah: 
Okay. Yes, understood. Okay. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kritik Shah, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Kritik Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to know if you're entering into ultra-short new content, that is like YouTube shorts 
or reels? And another question would be like, are you going towards other regional languages 
like other Gujaratis, Tamil, Telugu? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, currently, what we are seeing on the regional side is we'll go into Tamil and Telugu to start 
with, because we see there is an interest there and the market is sizable for one more player to 
enter and take a cream of it. So, that's the way to go. We are only targeting Tamil and Telugu 
right now. 
And second is on the platform side, the micro drama or you call it reels or whatever you call it, 
it's Kutting, which is there. It's one of the features of the app itself. So, and it is showing a strong 
traction, it is showing some strong interest. And then we have just launched it. We have to see a 
quarter and then we'll probably go all out on that. 
Kritik Shah: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aanchal from Desvelado Advisory. Please 
go ahead. 
Aanchal: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Hello. Am I audible? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Yes, yes, yes, sir. We can hear you. 
Aanchal: 
So, in the financial year 2025, 30% of revenue came from movies and 11% from digital. Do you 
expect digital to reach 20%-25% over the next 2 years? And what are your key levers to get 
there? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, I will give you a horizon of 2.5 to 3 years where movie will be the key driver to the group, 
followed with digital and third segment will be television. So, the way we will see is the content 
business, whether it is TV or it is digital. Then we have motion pictures business. And then we 
have digital business, which is purely B2C, which we do on our own, whether it is on the 
YouTube side, on the Meta side, or we do through app. 
And there are some exciting innovations which we are working upon. And hopefully by 
September, when we do a September investor call, we will be able to present it to you. So, focus 
will be on motion pictures, IP-led business and digital. 
Aanchal: 
Okay, sir. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Historically, if you see TV, the prime time has always remained 7 to 11. The prime time has not 
increased. And there are four key broadcasts. So, basically, even if you do any math, you can't 
go beyond eight shows on this because no channel will give you more than two or one shows. 
So, you will end up with seven to eight shows or six to eight shows in a year. And the yield and 
the revenue per episode is there out with you, we have already disclosed. 
So, that's the number which I see television will continue to be. So, INR250 crores to INR350 
crores is the range in which TV business will operate. And that is where it is getting stagnated 
rather. Going forward, I think the drive will be more on digital side and motion picture side. 
Aanchal: 
Okay, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniket Redkar, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have two questions, first of all related to Balaji. So, sir, I 
just wanted to understand and provide the clarity on this with margin for the Balaji Television 
and the ALT Balaji separately. And how do you see these margins evolving in FY '26? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Okay. So, on the television side, I will clearly say on a INR238 crores of top line, we generated 
an EBITDA of around INR28 crores. On the motion picture side, INR177 crores top line and we 
generated an EBITDA of around INR6.67 crores. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
And on the digital side, we have a top line of INR51 crores and we were -- EBITDA was INR28 
crores negative because amortization impact also comes in, that is non-cash. On the digital side, 
we are burning INR35 lakhs per month, that's a cash burn rate for the last fiscal. 
Aniket Redkar: 
So, sir, that negative number which is there, that is in the ALT Balaji you are saying, the 
reduction in the losses? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Yes. That is largely coming out of all because of the earlier content amortization impact as we 
have already paid those things. So, it is not a cash burn in that sense, but it's the way you amortize 
your content cost over a period of 3 years. So, we have amortization, first year it is 65%, second 
year it is 30% and then it is the balance. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of the subscriber, end user, average revenue per user. Can you throw 
some light in terms of ALT Balaji's performance? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
I didn't get you. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Based on this ALT Balaji performance, , in terms of the paid subscriber, active users and ARPU 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, if you want to see, we have close to 3 lakh odd subscribers as we speak – active subscribers 
at any given, we add around close to 5,000 subscribers each day. The churn rate is around 45%. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. Okay. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Yes. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And what about content engagement compared to the last quarter? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Your voice actually is cracking. So, I'm not able to catch few of those words. 
Aniket Redkar: 
In terms of content engagement, can you just share the number, how it has been changed from 
last quarter? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, if you see over the last 3-year period, if you so to speak, so we should break it all into, before 
we were doing only SVOD-led business, whereas our content spend was huge and so was the 
marketing spend. And we were burning cash of around INR120 crores to INR145-odd cores 
each year. 
Since last 2 years, we took a conscious call that this model doesn't help us in the long-term. We 
scaled it down. We did cost rationalization. We changed the tech platform, everything. And now 
the cash burn has come to around INR35 lakhs per month. So, that was the first thing which we 
wanted to do so that on a consolidated level, at least the number looks better and this business 
doesn't drag this whole TV or motion pictures initiatives. 
Now, since we have stabilized this thing, the whole effort is towards scaling up in a gradual way 
and making it profitable when we close this year. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, in terms of this, I just wanted to understand …. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
App will continue to be -- ALT will continue to be a small piece in the overall digital strategy. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Whereas earlier, it was 100% we were focusing on ALT. Now, we have diversified and 
dependency on the ALT as a platform, we have reduced. 
Aniket Redkar: 
So, sir, what does the content pipeline look like for next 2 to 3 quarters? So, are we focusing 
on... 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
For television, we have just launched Bade Achhe Lagte Hain Phir se on Sony. We are launching 
Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi on Star Plus, rather Jio Hotstar right now. And then we also 
have other shows in discussion with Colors. It can be Naagin and it can be OneStop. And this is 
on the TV side. And the motion picture side, I just mentioned in my speech, we have Mohanlal 
movies which is coming up in Diwali. 
 
We have completed Akshay Kumar's production, which is directed by Priyadarshan. The third 
movie is on floor is Sidharth Malhotra's Vvan. And there are four more movies which should be 
greenlit before this year end. 
 
So, that's the pipeline which we are looking at. And on the digital side, for the leading OTT 
platform, we have an order book of over INR300 crores, which we -- as we speak. And on the 
content for the app platform, it will not be a huge drag onto the balance sheet. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
We will be putting it -- show will be costing INR2.5 lakh to INR3 lakh kind of shows. So, it's a 
small business right now app. And we are diversifying and we will do a cleaner version app. We 
will have a YouTube strategy with -- especially now since the Pakistani serials is very popular 
has -- we don't have access. There is a huge opportunity there. And we want to build Balaji's 
own channel for the YouTube. We just did last month and we have reached 10 lakh subscribers 
in a month. 
Aniket Redkar: 
So, sir, with this increasing competition in OTT space, how are we differentiating with the other 
competitors in the market? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, as I told you, ALT will continue to be a small piece into my overall strategy. I am basically 
a storyteller. We are a content production company. So, whether it is digital, whether it is 
traditional format of TV or it is motion pictures, I have to just create stories which resonate with 
the audience. So, for me, it doesn't matter which platform. Correct? 
 
So, what you see as a decline on the television side, you see a huge upside on the digital side. 
So, platform will evolve and I believe this TV as a business is not dying so soon. I tend to believe 
there will be some disruption. Somebody will try to kind of come big bang and launch this TV 
show. That has been historically done. It was recollected when Zee was there. 
 
Star came up with KBCs and Kyun Ki series and they became number one. They are still number 
one. Then in the brief period, there was Colors which was launched. They came with different 
strategies. They came with big properties and they dislodged Star. So, I think on a cyclical basis, 
somebody will try to revive this segment itself. 
 
However, as we speak, we are a little cautious. We are just thinking that this medium is 
continuing to be slowed business model and we are focusing on digital commissioning model. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. So, related to the digital, did the management considering this spinning of digital business 
separately as an independent business? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
No. So, currently we merge because there is obviously there is huge advantages in terms of what 
we will achieve due to this merger process. Once the business scales up and there is enough 
interest to unlock value to the investors and everybody, then we can look at that study. Currently, 
it is all in-house and we will continue to focus as a segment into the parent company. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And sir, as you know that more AI Tools and technology are coming up. So, are we using any 
kind of such technology or AI Tools in our content production? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Yes. So, we just launched Kalnagri, a totally AI-driven shows on to our platform. It is an in-
house AI team and we will continue to scale it up. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, one last question. Can you just give the guidance for FY '26 in terms of top 
line and profit margin? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
So, typically we do not give any forward-looking statement. So, bear with us. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. This is from my side. All the best. 

 
 
Balaji Telefilms Limited 
 
 
Call held on July 04, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We do have a follow-up question from Kritik Shah, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kritik Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to ask whether we are focusing on ad-led growth or subscriber-led growth. I am 
talking about both OTT as well as the other digital platforms? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
Sorry, can you just repeat? 
Kritik Shah: 
Sir, are we focusing on ad revenue growth or subscriber-led growth for digital platforms? 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
We will continue to deal with subscriber-led model with the ad-led model and syndication 
revenue. SVOD model is very expensive to kind of continue. So, unless we have more revenue 
streams to de-risk this model, this model is not viable. 
Kritik Shah: 
All right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sanjay Dwivedi for his closing comments. 
Sanjay Dwivedi: 
I wish to thank all of you for taking the time to join us today. We remain committed to deliver 
top-quality content across all our platforms and leverage our strength to make strides in our new 
growth avenues. Our consolidated entity now is a milestone making a new chapter of our growth. 
 
We continue to strive to generate sustainable value for all stakeholders. For any further queries, 
please feel free to get in touch with Adfactors, our Investor Relationship team. We would be 
happy to meet you at Balaji or on Zoom call and we will be more than happy to kind of get more 
engagement with you guys. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Balaji Telefilms Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
