 
 
17th May, 2025 
 
The National Stock Exchange of  
 
   Corporate Relationship Dept., 
India Limited,   
 
 
        
   Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
 
 
 
   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),         
   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 051.   
    
        
   Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Conference Call held on 13th May, 2025.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the conference call for investors and 
analysts held by Venky’s (India) Limited on Tuesday, 13th May, 2025 at 02.00 P.M. IST.  
 
Kindly take the said information on your record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
FOR VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
ROHAN BHAGWAT 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl:  As above 
Rohan Ajay 
Bhagwat
Digitally signed by 
Rohan Ajay Bhagwat 
Date: 2025.05.17 
12:31:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Venky's (India) Limited 
Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. N. K. TOSHNIWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, OIL 
SEED SEGMENT – VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
DR. VIJAY TIJARE – GENERAL MANAGER, POULTRY 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
DR. P. G. PEDGAONKAR – POULTRY SEGMENT – 
VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK KHOSLA – GENERAL MANAGER, AHP 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. J. K. HANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN BHAGWAT – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PROBAL SEN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Venky's (India) Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Probal Sen from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, Puja. I welcome all of you and appreciate the time taken to attend this Q4 FY '25 
and FY '25 results call of Venky's. With us, we have the distinguished management from the 
company, including Mr. J. K. Handa, who is the CFO; Mr. Rohan Bhagwat, the Company 
Secretary; and the leaders from the respective segments, Mr. N.K. Toshniwal from the Oil 
Seed segment; Dr. Vijay Tijare and Dr. P.G. Pedgaonkar from the Poultry segment; and Mr. 
Deepak Khosla from the AHP segment to handle the call from the management side. 
 
Without further ado, I'll hand over to the management for opening remarks, and then we can 
get into the Q&A. Sir, over to you. 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Thank you, Mr. Probal Sen. A very good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today for 
the conference call of Venky's (India) Limited. The company had published financial results 
for the quarter and year ended 31st March '25, along with the information for investors on 12th 
May. I hope you all have gone through the same. Today, we have with us the unit heads to 
answer all your queries in respect of their respective segments and the area of operations. 
 
Before we start discussing the company's performance, I would like to mention that some 
statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, please feel 
free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jiwan Handa, our CFO, to make the opening comments. 
Over to you, Mr. Handa. 
J. K. Handa: 
Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to all our shareholders and investors. I'm Jiwan 
Handa, CFO. We are meeting today to discuss on the Venky's earnings call for the quarter and 
year ended March '25. I hope you have gone through the audited results and also the detailed 
information to investors. 
 
For the quarter ended March '25, the Company’s financial performance was affected mainly 
due to the unexpected fall in the profit margins of the Poultry and Poultry Products segment. 
Sales turnover of this segment was on the expected lines. However, profit margins were 
affected, which was mainly due to Kumbh Mela, which was lasted for 30 to 45 days in the 
northern region, wherein major operation of the company is located.  
The Animal Health Products segment has registered satisfactory performance. Performance of 
Oil Seed segment has started showing improvement. For the year as a whole, the performance 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 3 of 19 
 
is somewhat satisfactory. But for the fourth quarter, the overall financial performance would 
have been better, far better as compared to March '24. As on 31st March '25, the cash and cash 
equivalent is INR16.75 crores against last year of INR18.83 crores. Company's debt position is 
of INR165.14 crores, whereas the last year, it was INR167.51 crores. 
 
With this briefing, our senior management team is available here to answer all your questions. 
You may go ahead with the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma Investments. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, can you tell us what was the average realization for broiler and DOC for this quarter vis-à-
vis what was it last quarter and the same quarter last year? 
Vijay Tijare: 
Yes. With regard to broiler bird realization, if we compare Q4 of '24-'25, the broiler bird 
realization was close to INR 78 per kg as against INR 87 of Q4 '24. With regard to chick 
realization, it was INR 39 for Q4 '25 as against INR 35 of Q4 '24. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Right. And sir, as far as right now, the summer has started and we have seen improvement in 
pricing. So can you tell us what is the trend right now? 
Vijay Tijare: 
With regard to the trend of Q1 or rather I can say for the month of April, which has recently -- 
I mean, we have completed April, the realization for broiler bird was not satisfactory because 
of various reasons. One of the reasons was there was a panic sale because of some mortality on 
heat waves also. So the realization overall reported for the month of April was to the tune of 
INR 80 to INR 81 and the chick realization was close to INR 38 for the month of April. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Right, sir. And sir, at these realizations, what is happening is that we are not making 
satisfactory margins or we are not making money. And this is in spite of lack of DOC in the 
market, at least over the last 6 to 8 months, which has led to lower production of both DOC 
and broiler birds. And even in that scenario, the industry leader like yourselves is not able to 
make satisfactory numbers. So under what scenario will we make money? 
Vijay Tijare: 
With regard to this question, we would like to analyse some past figures. We have seen that in 
past few years, there is a consistent growth of poultry with regard to overall placement as well 
as production. At the same time, the productivity of bird has reached to the extremely high 
level -- so the earlier results, which was evident on 40 days, we were getting 2.2 kg. Now at 
the age of 40 days, we are getting 2.5 kg. So there is increase in productivity, which is 
contributing to the tune of 8% to 10% in addition to the normal growth of industry of 7% to 
8% because of which sometimes there is an additional production on account of extremely 
high productivity. 
 
At the same time, we have some patches of consumption. So we have a Q2 and Q3 sometimes 
adding to the lower consumption. At the same time, production cannot be altered to a great 
extent matching to the consumption level. So when such things happen, definitely, the hit is 
taken by realization. So these are some of the facts with regard to poultry, and we are 
witnessing the same in terms of when we are analysing the results. As we rightly said that 
because of Kumbh Mela, when we hit the consumption, so production could not be altered to a 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 4 of 19 
 
great extent because already the cycle is in place. The breeders are in harm. So definitely, the 
production cannot be kept on a suspended level at that point of time. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Right. And sir, we saw antidumping duty on oils in October, November due to which the 
prices has gone up. But our profitability has only slightly improved Q-o-Q in Oil segment. 
Shouldn't we, as a company, should have seen much higher improvement in oil price -- oil 
profitability? 
J. K. Handa: 
No. Actually, what has happened, it has not been antidumping duty. The government, which 
was leaving the 0% duty on edible oils, they increased the rate because the farmers for the 
local oilseeds were not getting remunerative prices. In fact, the MSP prices have gone below 
almost 20% below than the government declared MSP prices. So there was a desperate by the 
government, and they started procurement of the seeds through NAFED. In fact, you can say 
that almost 25% of the total crop is being hoarded by NAFED as on today. 
 
And another thing that happened so that it is the first time in many years, the soya oil prices 
have gone down below palm oil prices because the soya imports have gone up and because 
biodiesel diversion in Indonesia, the palm oils have not come down as expected. Now I think 
last 1 month, the things have stabilized, everything is stabilized, and we are seeing the 
difference in the first month itself. Now we hope even better things to happen in the coming 
days. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, please tell us the per kg cost of maize and soya for Q4? 
Vijay Tijare: 
The cost of maize for quarter 4 '24-'25 was INR 24.50 per maize. And with regard to quarter 4 
'24, the maize price was INR 23.50. With regard to soya, soya price that I'm talking is the DOC 
price, '24-'25, soya price was INR 31.20 per kg for Q4 '25. And for Q4 '24, the soya price was 
INR 44.30 per kg. 
Keshav Garg: 
For full year, if you could tell us maize price, soya price, broiler realization, DOC realization 
for full year FY '25 year-on-year? 
Vijay Tijare: 
Sure. For FY '25, the maize price was INR 25.50, soya price for FY '25 was INR 37.90. With 
regard to broiler realization, it was ranging from INR 88 to INR 91. For '24 full year, maize 
price was INR 22.80, soya price was INR 47.55 and broiler bird price was INR 87 to INR 88 
per kg. 
Keshav Garg: 
And DOC? 
Vijay Tijare: 
DOC price, chick price for FY '25 was INR 38.54 and DOC price for FY '24 was INR 30.70. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now our main hit has come -- if we see the last few years, more than poultry, the hit that 
we have seen is coming from the Oil Seed division, wherein if we see then from a peak 
revenue of around INR 2,600 crores, it has less than half to INR 1,100 crores. And similarly, 
the EBITDA, PBIT has fallen from INR 134 crores to INR 219 crores over the past 3 years, 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 5 of 19 
 
which is the lowest since 2015. Sir, so -- and even though the Poultry segment has bounced 
back somewhat over the past 2 years, the soya profitability has kept on falling. 
 
Now sir, this is -- I assume due to the ethanol blending from maize, which produces a 
byproduct known as DDGS, which is a substitute for DOC, basically de-oiled cake from soya 
that we were selling to the feed industry. And since DDGS is far cheaper, so that is why the 
DOC prices have fallen. Now sir, since this trend is not going to reverse like ethanol blending 
from maize is expected to continue. So sir, then I mean, what are the plans for our Oil Seed 
division because this is not a one-off. DDGS is here to stay. 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes. You see regarding the profitability and turnover, one thing that it has been substantially 
the worst. Rates have come down almost by 30% to 35% of the commodity itself. Soya seed 
which has gone up to the INR 70 to INR 80 at one point of time, now it is around INR 42 to 
INR 45. So that value-wise, it has come down.  
Number two, what has happened in the commodity business, most of the profit comes because 
we are a cash-rich company, so most of the profit comes from the speculative business when 
we hoard the inventory or when we buy the goods in the season and process it in the off 
season, that's the time it gives a lot of profit, which because the prices have been very low last 
2 years, and there has been no reason to store the material. Hence, that segment has taken a hit, 
number one. 
 
Number two, because the MSP price has been ruling almost 20% below, the government 
intervention has been quite at times, which has then created instability in the markets. Number 
one, that soya DOC export prices have not gone up. Number two, they have imposed the oil 
duties. So the soya oil prices had come down first time in compared to the palm oil.  
Now these kind of all uncertainties overall, now things have stabilized. People have to accept 
DDGS also. And we have enough market for the soybean also because soybean has gotten a 
better availability of protein, better availability of digestibility. Hence, I think it will not be 
able to compete with the soya DOC, number one. 
 
Number two, as far as the DDGS market is concerned, see, though the government is trying to 
promote this ethanol from the corn, and they have given the special pricing to the ethanol 
manufactured by -- from the corn. But -- this was considered when the crude oil prices was at 
around $80. Now the prices have come down around $60. And if you go to some of the 
experts' opinion, probably it may come down to $55.  
In that scenario, the ethanol prices given by the government, we have our own reasons to see 
that can it be sustained in the longer run. So that's a very, very big question mark. And as 
everybody is aware that crude oil has fallen down drastically, and it is likely to go down 
further because of the OPEC decision. So DDGS has it got own limitation, whereas the soya 
has got a lot more potential. So we see that coming days are going to be good for this division. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now another big concern is that the tariff negotiation with U.S. and if they are able to arm 
twist us to open our imports of chicken leg piece, which is a waste product in U.S., and we 
have already lost the case in WTO. Sir, so now if that starts coming, the landed price of which 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 6 of 19 
 
would be INR 60, INR 70 kg. And sir, leg piece is very popular in India unlike U.S. So I mean, 
what will happen to us? 
Vijay Tijare: 
This is a hypothetical question because these are all with the probabilities what is going to 
happen and what will happen. So these are all hypothetical discussions. So with regard to 
current situation, I think we are better poised unless and until in actual reality, some picture 
comes in front of us. It's very difficult to comment on this. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, what was the volume growth in the broiler segment? In the soya segment, what was the 
volume growth? And for this year, what is the expected volume growth in each of our 3 
segments? 
J. K. Handa: 
Soybean, there has been a degrowth last year because we have undertaken continuous 
maintenance on our plant. The first half was not that good. So there was a degrowth in the 
soybean. For this year, we are expecting about 25% growth in the soybean. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay. Sir, and what about the broiler? 
Vijay Tijare: 
With regard to poultry, a lot depends on realization, but considering the overall placement and 
volume, we are expecting a growth of close to 5% to 10%, but still it depends on the 
realization. We are expecting better realization for FY '26. And if that goes too, then our 
expectation is close to 5% to 10% in overall growth. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, Animal Health? 
Deepak Khosla: 
It's Deepak Khosla here. For Animal Health, what we have seen very consistent performance 
over the year. And if you see the Q3 of '23-'24 versus '24-'25, there's a growth of around 20%, 
21% in the value-wise. And the April month also has been very good. So in AHP segment, 
we'll see the very stable performance in the coming months. Yes. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now if we see that our revenues are back to where they used to be in, let's say, 2019, but 
our receivable that time was INR 300 crores and now it is INR 550 crores. Sir, so basically -- 
and sir, most of this receivable is due to the parent company and parent company is debt-free. 
Sir, if parent company was deeply in debt, then it was understandable that the subsidiary is 
having to support the parent. But parent is debt free. And despite that, they are just like taking 
6, 6, 8, 8 months, 9, 9 months credit, which doesn't make any sense. So by when can 
shareholders expect something? Sir, because the promoters don't even attend the AGM, so then 
where do we go and where do we like get accountability? 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes. Mr. Garg, in regard to the outstanding related to the group company as well as the 
external customers, there is a small increase in the customer to the outside external customer 
also due to the business sluggishness and all. But as far as the group association, group 
outstanding is concerned, that has come down to the level of INR 171 crores during this year -- 
I mean, INR 165 crores. Last year, March '24, it was INR 665 crores, which has come down to 
the level of INR 500 crores.  

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 7 of 19 
 
So that means there is -- I mean, inflow of INR 165 crores outstanding level, which is further 
will reduce as we progress. thereafter. There are different reasons, different business which are 
inter-located, interlinked, but there is a decline in the outstanding level, even in the associate 
also because associate, not only the one product is being sold, there are multiple products, 
multiple companies are being sold to the -- from the group company, which are inter-related. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kiran who is from Table Tree Capital. 
Kiran: 
My questions are with respect to Poultry only. First question, sir, from a Poultry perspective, 
what states account for 80% of revenue? I mean, is it like Uttar Pradesh plus Punjab plus 
Haryana account for 80% or 70% of our revenue? Or is it Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and 
Haryana? I mean if I can just understand because from what we have done our market 
research, prices across states vary a lot, both for the broiler and day-old chicks.  
Maharashtra is very, very different and Madhya Pradesh very, very different than Uttar 
Pradesh. So it will really help all our shareholders to understand what states account for 70% 
of revenue. I'm not looking for a state-wide split. I'm just saying these 3 states or these 4 states 
account for 70% to 80% of revenue. 
J. K. Handa: 
As far as Venky's is concerned in regard to the Poultry, which is comprises of broiler chicks, 
layer chicks and ready birds, it is located from Jammu Kashmir to Bihar mainly and as well as 
Gujarat, if you add. So all these states are having the operation of broiler chicks, day-old 
chicks, layer chicks as well as the ready birds. UP is having an upcoming market within -- 
production is less, but there is a consumption.  
So we are placed in every -- almost in every state. Very recently, we started in the Jammu 
Kashmir where it was -- we were not having the presence. So we started. Venky's has started 
the operation of birds -- ready birds. Though we were there in the day-old chicks of broiler. 
But we are trying to be placed in every state wherever so that we can get the margins -- 
average rate realization of all the states wherever our presence is there. 
 
So we are having the pack production of broiler chicks, layer chicks, ready bird in all the states 
starting from Jammu Kashmir, Haryana, Punjab, HP, Rajasthan and UP and even Bihar also. 
So we are better placed in regard to the business. But if you say UP is a consumption center 
may not be a productivity center. Haryana is a productivity center may not be a consumption 
center. So different parameters are there, different consumption levels are there to understand 
the requirement. But our presence is at all places in terms of productivity, production as well 
as the marketing. 
Kiran: 
Sir, just a follow-up on that, sorry. We have from a Poultry division FY '25, INR 1,927 crores, 
right? So let's say, INR 2,000 crores roughly, right, INR 2,000 crores revenue from Poultry 
division from our facilities for Venky's India in the Poultry division, INR 2,000 crores. Now 
this INR 2,000 crores is entirely consumption driven, right? Nothing to do with productivity 
per se. So my simple question is, out of this INR 2,000 crores, what can I attribute or what 
state, what 3, 4 states can I attribute INR 1,500 crores revenue to? 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Vijay Tijare: 
See, our presence is in North India and West India. Roughly, if you want to break this 
turnover, close to 65% to 70% turnover comes from Northern India and balance 30% to 35% 
turnover comes from Western India. So this is a rough bifurcation of the total turnover. 
Kiran: 
And when you say Northern India, sir, Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana are those 3 major states and 
Uttar Pradesh consumption is lower, so I'll not consider that. Is that a fair assumption? 
Vijay Tijare: 
Uttar Pradesh also from our point of view, we are considering as a Northern India operation. 
Kiran: 
Okay. Okay, sir. So that was first question. Second question, sir, then is from a DOC 
perspective and the broiler perspective, again, this is market research at the end retailer or 
different market players who are providing market research services as well. They say, look, 
broiler prices are about INR 105 to INR 110 as of today, sir.  
Again, it's changing every day, INR 105 to INR 110 and DOC prices are anywhere between 
INR 38 to INR 40. Last month, they were about INR 45 -- DOC prices were at INR 45. Today, 
it is at INR 38 to INR 40. So when it is INR 45, sir, so April, you mentioned that April, we had 
about INR 38 of realization for DOC.  
And let's just talk about DOC only. So April, we said it is INR 38. The prices based on retail 
price were about INR 45. So that's the INR7 differential. Is that a fair assumption? Like for 
today, it is INR 38, so the realization for Venky's will be INR 31. Is that a fair rough 
calculation? 
Vijay Tijare: 
When we talk of realization, we talk of actual realization. When you are seeing any rate, those 
are the declared prices. And the declared prices declared on a different forum can be different. 
So when I talk of Venky's, this is the actual realization at the end of month. So we are talking 
on a realization basis because realization consists of a lot of things. And finally, whatever has 
been realized, that is the actual realization. So INR 38 for the month of April was actual 
realization, though the declared price might be INR 40 to INR 42 at a different platform. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. So just that clarity, sir. So today, I know it's not for month of May, but just today, 
let's say, it is INR 38 as some website publishes INR 38, then our realization might be INR 32 
or INR 33 or whatever. It is lesser than INR 38. Is that a fair assumption? 
Vijay Tijare: 
Right. Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Merisis Advisors. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, I see a sudden jump in the other expenses. So can you explain what is the reason behind it? 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes. Other expenses -- other miscellaneous expenditure in this year '24 '25 is INR 18.90 
crores, which was against previous year, it was INR 17.58 crores. So hardly there is an 
increase. It is 7% increase over the previous year. Now INR 18.90 crores, which is then the 
other miscellaneous expenditure is mainly on account of the godown expenses for feed. We are 
having the broiler -- contract broiler business division wherein almost 28 branches are located.  

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 9 of 19 
 
With each branch, we need to have a godown space for the storage of feed for -- so that the 
bird feed can be distributed to the birds and all. And similarly, the other expenditure is also 
included. There's a list of expenditure, which is included there in INR 18.90 crores. The same 
was in the previous year also. There is not a major change or major increase thereafter. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Because other expenses are degrowing. That's why -- it just came to my mind. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Nayan Agrawal who is from Agility Advisors. 
Nayan Agrawal: 
Sir, I wanted to know that even though the PAT has been increasing for the past 3 years, there 
has been a sales degrowth for around INR 1,000 crores. So what could be the reason for that? 
J. K. Handa: 
There is no reduction in the turnover to the extent of INR 1,000 crores. There is a reduction of 
turnover to the extent of INR 400 crores. In a few segments, we have increased the turnover to 
the extent of INR 171 crores on a yearly basis, wherein 1 segment, it was INR 600 crores less. 
So overall, there is a reduction of INR 400 crores to INR 450 crores turnover over the last 
year. There's no INR 1,000 crores reduction in any... 
Nayan Agrawal: 
Okay. And sir, the next question would be so like as we -- in the broiler segment, so you have 
said that the broiler has been formed after 8 years of R&D. So even after the specialized 
broiler and as you said that the feed conversion ratio is reducing. So why has the revenues in 
Poultry segment still flat? And why have we not gained any market share in Poultry segment? 
Vijay Tijare: 
There is a steady increase in the overall revenue of poultry. If you talk of Poultry segment for 
'24, we have reported INR 1,755 crores of poultry turnover against this year, we are reporting 
INR 1,927 crores of poultry turnover. So all put together, there is definitely an increase in 
overall turnover of poultry. As I said in my previous answer that a lot depends on the 
realization because when we are comparing -- I mean the overall turnover realization impacts a 
lot for adding or reducing the turnover. Last year's overall realization was to the extent of more 
or less same with regard to what it was in FY '24. Though the realization was flat, but still the 
turnover has increased to 10%. That indicates that there is overall growth in Poultry segment. 
Nayan Agrawal: 
Okay. And sir, the last question would be from the AHP segment. As you said that the new 
capex was from December '24. And the guidance you gave for revenues was approximately 
20%, that was INR 62 crores on that current revenue. So the capex to revenue ratio will still be 
1:1 or will it increase in FY '26? 
Deepak Khosla: 
In AHP segment, we have made some investment in the last financial year. And I told you the 
product started the production from April, May onward of the last financial year. The result of 
the product production and the new information what we have introduced have seen the effect 
from the September onwards. And January to March, the last quarter of '24-'25 and '23-'24 is a 
remarked improvement has been seen, yes. capex, I think related to capex, Mr. Handa can 
answer if anything. 
J. K. Handa: 
No, the capital expenditure is incurred. But in this year, if you see the AHP segment, the 
turnover is INR 339 crores against the previous turnover of INR 310 crores. So there is a 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 10 of 19 
 
growth of turnover to the extent of 9% over the last year, which is a reasonable number 
because it is not a full year's number. It is a part of the year's number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa. 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, my question is with respect to the strategic initiative of capex of INR 70 crores towards 
SPF expansion. How much of the current SPF capacity is utilized? And what is the expected 
ROI and payback for this project? 
J. K. Handa: 
So as far as the SPF capacity is concerned, we have a large capacity to the extent of 188 lakh 
bird placement capacity. But since it is a livestock business and bio-related, many issues are 
there. We are utilizing to the extent of 60%, 65% productivity out of that and the same 
production is being sold. There are a lot of chances and a lot of scope for the export business 
also. And this year, the export business is almost more than double.  
Last year, it was INR 7 crores something. This year, it is almost INR 20 crores. Export 
business is also there, and there are a lot of inquiries. So when we start the expansion in the 
SPF business, it takes almost 2 years to come back to the production. If we start today, it will 
take 2 years' time. So there is a long-term goal and capacity also enhanced to the level. So 
that's why the -- I mean, expansion is there going on to be there for INR 70 crores, which will 
take almost a year's time to complete. 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, are you supplying to any vaccine manufacturers? 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes, yes. Our product is mainly to be supplied to the vaccine manufacturer for human as well 
as the poultry. 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, could you -- would you be able to give any like potential for ready-to-cook spices that 
you're venturing into? An estimated revenue potential? 
N.K. Toshniwal: 
Yes, there is a good potential for ready-to-eat chicken products. And we are already supplying 
to the retail, then we are supplying to the various institutions and e-commerce. In addition to 
that, we are also supplying to various quick-service restaurant chains. Sir, your question is 
regarding to ready-to-eat chicken or ready-to-cook spices. 
Amit Agicha: 
Spices. 
N.K. Toshniwal: 
Spices... I'm sorry. The spices now we will be starting a production shortly, which will be in 
the next quarter. And we have prepared these products with the understanding that all the 
product -- these spices will require a minimum intervention at the cooking level, and you need 
to only add certain oil, some amount of oil and certain amount of water for cooking the 
products. And it will be -- the spices will have all the ingredients, which is normally required. 
And this will be all Indian -- mostly authentic Indian taste. So we feel that there is a good 
scope for local market as well as export for these products. 
Amit Agicha: 
Would it be possible for you to give any estimated revenue potential for at least FY '26 where 
you're going to start? 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 11 of 19 
 
N.K. Toshniwal: 
Right now, it is very difficult to assess because we'll be looking for the export market as in the 
initial stage. But once the production starts, we can definitely confirm after 1 or 2 quarters 
once the production starts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Khandelwal from Alpha Invesco. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. This year has been a lot better than the last one, I 
guess. I wanted to understand this SPF egg expansion as the previous participant also asked 
this question. So I'll refrain from repeating that. But you mentioned 180 lakh bird placement 
capacity. That is before the expansion, right? Like current capacity is that much? 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes. It is true that the total annual capacity for the plant is 188 lakh egg production. I'm taking 
the egg production. It is number of birds will be different. It is the egg production, 188 lakh 
capacity. Yes. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
And with the INR 70 crores expansion that we have planned, how much will we be adding to 
that? 
J. K. Handa: 
There are almost which we have planned is the total 6 houses, which we are going to build up 
for the placement of birds, which will be likely to be somewhere around 40,000 birds annually. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. And they'll produce close to 100 to 200 eggs per year? Or how does it work? 
J. K. Handa: 
It is more. It will be more if all the flocks are fully placed with the birds. If the birds are not 
placed due to biosecurity level, sometimes shed-red is also necessary. So many biosecurity 
reasons are there. But the potential is there with us, we can take out the production if the 
demand comes and all. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. All right. And for the birds, so the chicks we procure from our group company itself or 
do we have to go outside to procure these chicks? 
J. K. Handa: 
No, for SPF line, it's not a bird which you are procuring from in-house. It is a basic 
grandparent. 
Vijay Tijare: 
These are special lines. And usually, it's a research product. And I mean, whenever we are 
talking of any research product, we have some in-house research also and that produces the 
chicks and those chicks are placed as SPF birds. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. But that is taken up in the group companies, not the listed entity. 
Vijay Tijare: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: 
I have 3 questions. One is, if I look at the Poultry and Poultry Product segment, our EBIT for 
the year has been INR 100 crores. While if I look at last 5, 6 years trend, FY '17, '18, '19 and 
'21, we were somewhere around INR 180 crores to INR 280 crores of EBIT. What realization 
in broiler and DOC we need to cross that INR 200 crores of EBIT? And probably what kind of 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 12 of 19 
 
RM in terms of per kg that needs to be there basically to reach that INR 200 crores in the 
Poultry segment. That's my question. 
Vijay Tijare: 
Yes. With regard to the profitability pertaining to Poultry division, a lot depends on the 
ingredient price. If you recollect the profitability of the particular year which you quoted, if 
you go back to that particular year, you will find that the overall ingredient prices for the 
particular year was exceptionally low, and that has contributed a lot to the profitability.  
And from last 3, 4 years, there was definitely a crunch on the commodity segment and with 
regard to particularly soya and maize because of a lot of geopolitical as well as domestic 
equation, the prices of maize has strengthened a lot. So nowhere the price of maize has come 
down below INR 23, which earlier was quite less.  
Same was the case with soya. Fortunately, last year was good for soya. This year, with regard 
to April, also the soya prices have reported subdued and I mean, quite comfortable. If that 
continues, I mean, you never know that kind of performance can be repeated, but a lot depends 
on the ingredient prices. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. Okay. So my second question was the same, would you be able to guide like what kind 
of trend is expected for soya and maize prices for FY '26? 
J. K. Handa: 
Soya is going to be stable now the prices have come down drastically, almost by 25% to 30%. 
We expect that next coming years, it will be the stable prices. And maize, it lot depends on the 
ethanol policy and which you are likely to see that in the next couple of months, the crude oil 
prices will be coming down, and that will have a major impact on the corn prices that we have 
to see, but the ethanol can have a lot of impact on the pricing of corn. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And the third and last thing in the Oil Seed segment. I think one of the questions -- one 
of the answers you guys highlighted April was good. And if I look at the EBIT number, right, 
again for this segment has been close to bottom. So is it fair to say we are at the bottom of the 
cycle in the Oil Seed segment and the EBIT numbers, what we saw probably say, if not '22, but 
maybe say, FY '20, FY '21, like INR 60 crores, INR 70 crores of EBIT level is possible in this 
year? Or what could restrict the profitability in the Oil Seed segment for this year? 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes. Now the beginning has been good because more or less the soya market is stabilized. 
Now you see this is the commodity market. The profit comes from the 2 segments. One is the 
normal conversion charges from soybean -- that margin is very low. And profit stock 
valuation. When you buy the material in advance and then process at a later stage, you are able 
to take the advantage of the market. So that profit is significant in the commodity market.  
Right now, we do not see that kind of a situation happening because prices are more or less 
stable, and we do not see any kind of speculation happening at this pace if unless until some 
natural thing happens. So we can expect a good profitability definitely, but not the highest 
what we had achieved in the past. But profitability has been improving, and this is the bottom 
you can expect what has been this year. 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, if I look at our Poultry segment versus our competitor, ADF Exports, sir, they have grown 
their revenue at 20% Y-o-Y from 2020 to 2025. And they source their chick from [Aviagen 
0:45:14]. So is there an issue where Aviagen has become more aggressive in placing their 
chicks in the market? That's why we are losing our share to our competitors? 
Vijay Tijare: 
Yes. With regard to poultry and the comparison with our competitor, there are 2 basic 
prominent differences. One is that when you are talking of Venky's (India) Limited, it is 
having operation pertaining to 2 zones, that is West zone and North zone. With regard to the 
comparison, what you did, they are having a presence all over India.  
Secondly, when you are talking of Venky's, you can see the portfolio of Venky's. Venky's 
portfolio is completely well balanced. So we are not growing alone in poultry because we have 
total 3 to 4 segments in Venky's, out of which 1 is a poultry. And if you see the breakup of 
poultry vis-à-vis other segments of Venky's (India) Limited, poultry contributes close to 45% 
to 50%.  
So when you are talking of Venky's, we are talking of only 45% to 50% rest 55% to 50% 
comes from other divisions, that is soya as well as AHP. So we believe in balancing of the 
portfolio and Venky's portfolio is balanced, whereas the company which you are comparing, 
they are exclusively into poultry. I hope I have answered your question. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Right. Sir, but if I remove the geographical factor, sir, their revenue has grown up by 2x, more 
than 2x in the 5-year period, but our revenue has grown from INR 1,500 crores in 2020 to INR 
2,000 crores in 2025. So that is at a much lower growth rate than what the competitor has 
done. So overall, if I consider the chick placement that Venky's India has versus our 
competitor, sir, have we -- has our parent company lost market share. That's why we are facing 
a slower growth -- volume growth than what our competitors are? 
Vijay Tijare: 
As far as overall placement is concerned, when we talk of a breeder placement all over India 
basis, all over India basis, breeder placement of Vencobb vis-à-vis competitor that comes to 
80% to 85% is of Vencobb and close to 15% to 20% is of competitor, of which IV is one of the 
competitors. And they are placing it all over India, whereas as far as Venky's is concerned, as 
you rightly said that we are having placement only in 2 regions, that is West and Northern 
India. But if you are talking of overall growth, poultry is growing to the tune of 8% to 10% and 
we are matching that pace as far as overall growth of poultry is concerned, overall put 
together. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, in our Animal Health segment, sir, what would be the optimum revenue 
potential for this segment? And sir, can we expect this 20% growth to continue for the next 3, 
4 years? 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes, what happens is, last quarter of '24, '25 which I mentioned as compared to '23, '24. The 
last quarter is in the same direction and April has been very good. We are very optimistic on 
Animal Health performance in the coming years. The new plant is now fully commissioned 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 14 of 19 
 
and the capacity definitely has improved and all the regulatory clearances compliances has 
been there. It will be very consistent and a very respectable growth in the coming year, I can 
assure you. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, just what the revenue potential of this capacity and capacity utilization currently? 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes, yes, definitely, what happens with the new facility, what we have made, it is now at 
around 55% to 60% levels of capacity utilization. And we have started exploring some new 
product lines from that division. This will definitely add to the volumes. Yes, please. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, just a final question, sir, are there -- with the -- I think we commissioned one solid plant 
and one liquid plant. So is there any possibility of margin improvement in this segment going 
forward? 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes, definitely because the first year, it was a commissioning of the plant. Definitely, margin 
will be very stabilized and very positive. Yes. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Vaneet Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Vaneet Singh: 
Sir, my questions have been answered, but I would like to understand, we saw a significant fall 
in margins in the -- specifically in the Poultry segment in Q4 from about EBITDA from about 
INR38 crores to about INR 4 crores. So I mean, I would like to understand the impact of 
Kumbh in this. So I mean, can you quantify what kind of -- can you quantify how much fall in 
EBITDA can be directly attributed to lower consumption due to Kumbh in Q4? 
J. K. Handa: 
So during the Kumbh period, it is -- it was having the effect on almost all the segments in the 
different states. Thought the comp was there in the UP only, but transportation, logistics, 
movement of goods, movement of raw materials, movement of finished products has affected a 
lot. Due to that, a lot of realization has got affected, particularly in February and March, that 
has impacted the last quarter.  
Otherwise, there is no reason because the numbers are having a pack. We were having the 
production, the day-old chicks, broiler chicks, day-old chicks as well as the birds. But due to 
the prices were not behaving well the way it was, I mean, expected due to all these numbers, 
all these reasons, maybe of transportation, movement, freely movement of goods.  
And so all those things are affected ultimately, which has -- I mean, after Kumbh, those things 
are improved, though the 1 or 2 weeks was sluggish because the material was jammed kind of 
thing. But now April is also a very positive month. Even the current period is also a positive 
month, which due to the Kumbh, those things are already over. 
Vaneet Singh: 
Right. Sir, I mean, our EBITDA fell from about in the Poultry segment, INR 38 crores to about 
INR 4 crores. So I mean, had there been no Kumbh or a normal Q4? I mean, if we put aside 
the effects of Kumbh, would we be seeing about similar EBITDA as last year in the Poultry 
segment? 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Vijay Tijare: 
To some extent, yes. I mean it's very difficult to comment whether it would have compensated 
that INR 34 crores of the last previous quarter or not, but definitely, it would have been added 
what it is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Gada, who is an investor. 
Aniket Gada: 
First of all, I would like the revenue breakup for the Poultry segment for FY '25 and 
comparative figures for FY '24 for grown-up broilers, day-old chicks and processed chicken. 
J. K. Handa: 
As far as the volume is concerned, in the Poultry segment, we were having the broiler day-old 
chicks it is sold INR 10.77 crores against corresponding period of '23-'24, it was INR 10.78 
crores, chicks, day-old chicks. Similarly the layer chicks, the day-old chicks, it is sold INR 
4.38 crores in '24-'25. And in the last year, it is INR 4.32 crores in '23-'24. And same way, the 
broiler birds, it was INR 9.17 crores kg in '24-'25, whereas in the previous year, it was INR 
8.83 crores.  
And similarly, for the SPF egg, it was 91 lakhs in this year as well as the 91 lakhs in the 
previous year. So broiler hatching eggs, it was 9 lakhs sold in this year, whereas 23 lakhs was 
sold in the previous year. Layer hatching, it was sold 29 lakh this year, whereas the last year, it 
was 32 lakh eggs were sold. So these are the poultry numbers volume base last year versus this 
year. 
Aniket Gada: 
And I just wanted to ask like the ready-to-cook revenues are included in the processed chicken 
revenues or like it's different. 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes, yes. It is included in the poultry and poultry segment. 
Aniket Gada: 
So could you just quantify those numbers for me for ready-to-eat segment? 
J. K. Handa: 
For processed chicken, it is 110.27 lakh kg in this year '24-'25, whereas it was last year, it was 
61.37 lakh kg in '23-'24, but there is a product mix difference. It's the live bird sales in this 
year, whereas other than this product mix is different in the earlier year. 
Aniket Gada: 
And the revenue for the same, for processed chicken? 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
That will be published in the balance sheet. We don't have the numbers now. 
Aniket Gada: 
So I just wanted to ask in the ready-to-eat and ready-to-cook segment, we had some marketing 
spend budget that was for increase for the last 2 quarters, for Q3 and Q4. Could you just 
quantify the number? And for this year, what's the guidance for the marketing spend? 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
We don't have the numbers now. You can email us, we'll provide that. 
Aniket Gada: 
And I just wanted to know our marketing strategy for the ready-to-eat and ready-to-cook 
segment because right now, since the last 2 quarters, we have been aggressive in the quick 
commerce and e-commerce. Any growth in percentage terms you can quantify? And like how 
aggressive are we in that segment? And what numbers do we wish to have in the next 3 to 5 
years? 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 16 of 19 
 
P. G. Pedgaonkar: 
Actually, in processed food division, we have 3 sectors where we market. One sector is supply 
to the quick service restaurant chains. And this quick service restaurant supply is increasing on 
a regular basis. So that is one sector which we are supplying. Another sector is retail market, 
what we were marketing in a modern trade or regional modern trade or general trade. But last 
2 years, there is an emerging trend that e-commerce has increased substantially, and there is a 
lot of closedown of certain modern trade chains.  
And with that, and post-COVID also, we experienced that, that a lot of consumers are looking 
for the e-commerce chain for the supply of the products. So definitely, we have concentrated 
our efforts for marketing our products through e-commerce sector, and that sector is now 
improving on a regular basis. We expect the increase in our sales for this sector to more than 
25% to 30% in next year compared to this year. 
Aniket Gada: 
Okay. 25%, 30% of ready-to-eat and ready-to-cook for the retail segment, right? And as a 
brand because... 
P. G. Pedgaonkar: 
Retail this includes retail segment also for the quick service restaurant chain in both the 
sectors. But yes, it will be -- the growth will be this much. 
Aniket Gada: 
And the current pie in the total revenue would be for these 2 segments? 
P. G. Pedgaonkar: 
Percentage -- tell me again. 
Aniket Gada: 
The current percentage for the total revenue of poultry segment would be for these 2 
segments? Any particular number, not accurate, just approximate number would be fine. 
P. G. Pedgaonkar: 
Yes, it's around 10%. 
Aniket Gada: 
10% for the total poultry segment, right? Yes. So I just wanted to add on further. So if we have 
like 10% revenues from these 2 segments in the total poultry and considering the AHP 
business, which is contributing to around 10% of revenue, these 2 are the only businesses in 
our portfolio, which have -- we have total power of pricing power.  
So I just wanted to like get a feedback from the company, like how aggressive are we in these 
segments so that these segments can grow in the total revenue share so that our margins remain 
consistent and not fluctuate like -- and do not -- are not on a basis of the commodity prices or 
the average realization price of the board. So how are we looking at that? 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes. As in a few minutes before Dr. Pedgaonkar has mentioned, the Venky's is very well 
balanced placed with different portfolios, portfolios of poultry products, including processing 
and SPF, day-old chicks, then you have the Oil Seed division and then the Animal Health 
business. Animal Health business has been very consistent because the animal health product 
line is a little bit not much get those kind of shocks of the behaviour of the poultry commodity 
market. So it's very consistent.  
And with the expansion, which is definitely a direction towards the growth in this segment in 
the future, and definitely, this segment will become more and more significant into the 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 17 of 19 
 
contribution to the Venky's top line. That's what we see now. And it is already some new 
product innovations, some new introduction has been done, and we have already started 
exporting to some other countries. So this is going into the same direction. It's very consistent, 
very stable and very futuristic. 
Aniket Gada: 
And just a last bit of follow-up for this. Like could you just guide for the segment for the FY 
'26? I couldn't get the numbers previously. So just for the QSR and retail -- the AHP business, 
sorry, QSR and retail, you said 25% to 30%. What's the AHP business guidance for this year? 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes, we are at around INR 340 crores this financial year '24, when we close '24-'25. We are 
looking forward for the top line growth of 15% for the '25-'26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay Gupta, who is an investor. 
Vijay Gupta: 
Sir, my first question is on the land holding of the company. Can you throw some highlight on 
that? The total land owned by the company maybe as at the end of FY '25? 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
We'll get back to you, sir, on this question because this land is scattered at various locations. 
So we'll have to do an exercise for this to have a perfect number. We'll get back to you. 
Vijay Gupta: 
Sir, my previous participants have also asked this question. I'm just reiterating the same if you 
can just throw some numbers around this. Current production capacity of SPF eggs is 188 lakh 
eggs. Have I got that correct? 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes, yes. 
Vijay Gupta: 
How many placements do you believe were required for this 188 lakh eggs. Any rough idea? 
Because the expanded capacity is 40,000 bird placements. 
J. K. Handa: 
Yes, that is a capacity which is under construction or under expansion and all. But 188 lakh 
number which I have given as a capacity, that is I mean installed capacity kind of thing. It all 
depends on the, I mean, placement of birds depending on the biosecurity reason or other 
requirement of the market as well as. So all those things, and we'll have to give the shed-red 
also between 2 months to 3 months between the flocks. So those are many decisions which are 
related to this business.  
As we get the good orders, we may extend those things. Otherwise, the shed-red may be 
continued from 2 months to even 4 months also so that the biosecurity level be good for the 
productivity at all. Sir, while I understand this logic, only -- that is the reason I stated in the 
beginning, we can get some numbers to this. 188 lakh egg production would have a 
corresponding bird placement number, a rough number, correct?  
And 40,000 expansion as and when achieved would give a rough idea of what the total egg 
production could be. And hence, either the number on 188 lakh egg production bird placement 
is good enough for us to calculate or what is the expected egg production capacity out of the 
40,000 bird placement, either of these 2 numbers would be good enough. If you can just throw 
numbers on this. 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Vijay Tijare: 
Yes. As we recently have stated that a lot of factors depends because these are strict quality 
norms products. When we are talking of specific pathogen free egg, this is not the kind of 
commodity egg where in normal commodity egg per bird, we are getting 300 to 330 eggs. That 
is a normal commodity or a table egg which we are getting. But when we are talking of eggs, 
there are a lot of parameters which are strictly check on a quality basis. So this ranges from 
100 eggs to 150 to 200 eggs depending on the quality parameters per bird. 
 
So when he has mentioned you that he is getting 188 lakh, I mean this number cannot be 
exactly the same pertaining or relating to the total number of the birds. So it depends on a lot 
of quality parameters. Those quality parameters are being passed, then only that number can be 
correlated. But to answer your question, it can be 120 to 280 eggs per bird. It can be any 
number out of this because it is very difficult to estimate right now because a lot of quality 
parameters decides selection or rejection of egg. So selection or rejection of eggs, whatever the 
number he has stated 188 lakh, that is a completely selected number, which might be from x 
number of the birds or y number of the birds. 
Vijay Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my next question is the current cost of production from broiler and chicks. And 
do we see any gains there out of -- as compared to the average cost of production for FY '25? 
Or do we see an increase there? 
Vijay Tijare: 
As we have stated that the prices of soya is constant for FY '24 and FY '25. However, the 
prices of maize has increased by 10% compared to 24% in FY '25. So there is an increase in 
maize price. However, the soya price is constant. With regard to production cost of broiler 
hatching eggs, in addition to this, there are 2, 3 factors, which are -- one is overheads and 
others are compulsory, I mean, which are like electricity and other charges. That has been 
increased. So there is a marginal increase in overall production cost of hatching eggs. 
However, there is no much increase in cost of production of hatching eggs on account of 
ingredient prices. 
Vijay Gupta: 
And we expect the same trend to continue in FY '26 as well? 
Vijay Tijare: 
Yes, because the outlook for commodity with regard to soya, as mentioned by Toshniwal, is 
constant. However, maize is uncertain. If we consider that maize, the same price continues, 
then outlook for broiler hatching it production cost will remain the same. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma Investments. 
Viraj Mehta: 
No, my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will take this as our last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Thank you all for participating in this call. In case any queries have remained unanswered, 
please feel free to send us an email, and we will respond accordingly. Thank you. I think we 
can conclude the call. 

 
 
Venky's (India) Limited
 
 
May 13, 2025 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
