 
UNIPARTS INDIA LTD. 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Gripwel House, Block-5, LSC, C 6 & 7, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110 070, India | Tel: +91 11 26137979 |Fax: +91 11 26133195  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, B 208, A1 & A2, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.), India  
Tel: +91 120 4581400 | Fax: +91 120 4581499 
E-mail: info@unipartsgroup.com; website: www.unipartsgroup.com 
An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Company 
CIN : L74899DL1994PLC061753 
June 03, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543689 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: UNIPARTS 
 
Subject:  Regulation 30: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Audited Financial 
Results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of earnings call on the Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025, which was 
held on Wednesday, May 28, 2025. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.unipartsgroup.com/home/quarterly_financial_results.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uniparts India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jatin Mahajan 
Head Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
JATIN 
MAHAJAN
Digitally signed by JATIN MAHAJAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4415, 
pseudonym=57CE10F5C24ED1DE7B540
9CF4264DDDE, 
2.5.4.20=e3fc705527aaf20c69e82fd8ef3
a9a41d8839d36101b61ecac0711594d6
b71ad, postalCode=110055, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=D5B1DB751344DCAEA44
F0C205F807DA679A55E6357945C94BE
95083C41AC9235, cn=JATIN MAHAJAN 
Date: 2025.06.03 19:40:52 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Uniparts India Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAMJIT SONI – PROMOTER – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR AND VICE CHAIRMAN – UNIPARTS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MS. TANUSHREE BAGRODIA – DIRECTOR AND GROUP 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – UNIPARTS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT MAHESHWARI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – UNIPARTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Uniparts India Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the call over to Ms. Monali Jain from Go India Advisors for opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good evening, everyone and welcome to Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call of Uniparts 
India Limited. We have on the call Mr. Paramjit Soni, Promoter, Executive Director and Vice 
Chairman; Ms. Tanushree Bagrodia, Director and Group Chief Operating Officer; and Mr. Rohit 
Maheshwari, Group Chief Financial Officer. We must remind you that the discussion on today's 
call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that company faces. 
I will now request Mr. Soni to take us through the financials and the business update, subsequent 
to which we will open the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Thank you, Monali and good evening, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Call of Uniparts India Limited. As a trusted partner to leading OEMs, we maintain a 
strong presence across the evolving landscape of the global agriculture and construction 
equipment supply chains. As we enter FY2026, we do so with strategic clarity and a long-term 
perspective.  
The industry is navigating a period of significant transformation, perhaps the most notable in 
recent decades. Encouraging early signs of recovery were visible in our Q4 FY '25 performance 
and we are cautiously optimistic that momentum may gradually build in the second half of 
FY2026. 
Our forward strategy continues to build on three pillars. Deepening integration with our 
customers, driving operational efficiency and expanding our near-shoring footprint in a 
measured and effective manner. To give you a sense of the industry overview and the business 
performance, in Q4 FY '25, the off-highway industry experienced year-over-year decline, with 
the impact more pronounced in the agricultural sector than in construction.  
Our performance followed these broader trends. Construction industry sales declined in the low 
double-digit during the period from April 2024 to March 2025. Rising interest rates and 
economic uncertainties led to a more cautious approach to new projects and new equipment 
purchases, with the most significant impact observed in the North American markets.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
At Uniparts, this translated into requiring agility and a keen focus on inventory management and 
OEM production schedules. Driven by a strategy centered on fostering stronger customer ties, 
we achieved growth within the segment by expanding our engagement with the largest 
construction industry customer. 
The outlook for this segment is expected to remain flat in the near term. Despite that, we expect 
growth driven by new business awards across America and Europe. The global large agricultural 
equipment market was the most impacted sector in FY2025. Farmers in key regions, including 
North America and Europe continue to face increased input costs, fluctuating commodity prices 
and higher interest rates.  
This led to our customers reporting high double-digit year-on-year sales decline and inventory 
levels being reduced by the dealers. However, the pace of decline moderated in Q4, indicating 
an emergence from the bottom in FY2026. The pressures on farm income in some of the key 
Western markets are likely to persist in the near term, suggesting a continued cautious approach 
to new investment in equipment.  
While we expect the Americas to remain under pressure with continued high double-digit 
declines, Europe and Asia Pacific are projected to remain flat or see a contraction of up to 5%. 
Uniparts' performance in this segment was aligned with broader industry trends, with Q4 
showing signs of improvement. Industry headwinds notwithstanding, we established a new 
partnership with the European tractor OEM, which will add to the growth in the current fiscal. 
In the small agricultural segment, Indian tractor demand benefited from a strong monsoon and 
harvest, ending the fiscal largely flat in terms of unit sales. Globally, however, the segment 
declined in the double digits. Despite these headwinds, Uniparts outperformed the broader 
market, thanks to our strong positioning. 
Looking ahead, although global industry demand is expected to range between flat to a 5% 
decline, with the American market expected to decline by 5% to 10%, Uniparts is poised to grow 
in FY 2026, supported by sustained market share in India and continued expansion in Asia 
Pacific.  
Our aftermarket business, a crucial area for us, delivered robust results in FY 2025 as farmers 
focus on maintaining and upgrading their equipment. We continue to expand our footprint in 
North America and Europe, and we remain optimistic for further consolidating our position in 
FY 2026. 
Our engagement with customers remain strong, and the pipeline for new business across 3-point 
linkage and our PMP divisions continues to be healthy. We're also making steady progress on 
our geographic diversification strategy, helping us manage regional demand fluctuations more 
effectively. Our entry into Mexico is progressing as planned, offering a new opportunity for the 
company's growth. 
We are continuously enhancing our manufacturing processes and supply chain resilience to 
ensure that we have the most suited technologies to service our customers and can adapt to the 
changing market dynamic and potential disruptions with speed. Our focus on sustainability has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
only strengthened in FY 2025, with the addition of solar power and new water treatment 
technologies being implemented across our factories.  
This is an initiative that we are determined to continue along with our CSR initiatives that enable 
our teams to contribute to causes that they believe in. On the financial front, the company has 
reduced inventory year-on-year and continues to maintain a healthy position with net debt-free 
balance sheet. As of the end of FY 2025, group net cash stands at approximately INR194 crores. 
We expect to sustain free cash flow generation at levels consistent with FY 2025 on a quarterly 
basis. 
With that, I will now hand over to Rohit Maheshwari to take you through the financial 
performance for Q4 and the full-year FY2025. Rohit, over to you. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir and good evening, all. I would like to share the following financial and business 
highlights of the quarter ending 31 March 2025. Revenue from operations for Q4 was INR253 
crores, which is an increase of 21.43% quarter-on-quarter and decline of 12.8% year-on-year. 
EBITDA of Q4 at INR41.64 crores was 11.7% higher than Q3 FY '25 and lower by 19% year-
on-year. Operating cash flow generation for Q4 was INR30 crores.  
The net working capital comprising of big three elements of inventory, account receivable and 
account payable as number of days of TTM revenue from operations stood at 154 days as on 31 
March, 2025. Core working capital during the quarter reduced by approximately INR7 crores. 
Uniparts' balance sheet continued to be net debt free, with the group net cash position at 
approximately INR194 crores at the end of March 2025.  
Cash outflow towards capex commitment during the quarter has been approximately INR6.5 
crores. Total new business award value during the trailing 12 months have been approximately 
INR195 crores, that is annualized potential value of underlying projects. The company paid a 
dividend of INR33.85 crores in Q4. Dividend payment till date in FY2025 was INR64.31 crores, 
which was 73% of the PAT for the year. 
Inflationary pressure on operating cost remains in the midterm to be partially mitigated through 
operating efficiencies. Macro concerns over global economic slowdown, geopolitical 
uncertainties, evolving global trade tariff environment, impact of persistent inflation, as well as 
elevated interest rate continues to remain key monitorables. 
With this summary, I would like to hand over the conference back to the moderator for question-
and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, my question is related to the new business of approximately INR200 crores, was mainly on 
the construction side of the business. So, my question is whether the business is from existing 
clients, or you have added more relationships in various geographies of the world? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Hi Rushabh, this is Tanushree Bagrodia. And thank you for your question and thank you for 
your participation as well. Rushabh, the new business that we've got is across our segments. It's 
across construction, large ag, small ag. In fact, in the last few calls, we've been saying that large 
ag is a segment where we've been wanting to sort of dig deeper and get more business.  
So going forward, the new business that comes in is coming from large ag. Going forward, the 
new business that is also coming is coming from geographic diversification. We continue to live 
up to what we've been speaking about. We've actually got new business in Asia Pacific. And I 
think even in the small ag business, we've got new business.  
The INR200 crores of past business that we've been talking about has also come from across 
sectors and industry segments that we cater to and geographies. And of course, aftermarket 
remains a key part of our entire strategy where in FY '25, we actually grew 20% year-on-year, 
and we continue to see new business growth in this segment as well. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So since we are on the previous calls, I had one question that in the previous calls, you said that 
you were trying to expand horizontally with your clients. So, have we been successful in doing 
that? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Absolutely, Rushabh. I think our strategy remains, that we enter customer horizontally, grow 
with them and horizontal growth is that we supply to various divisions that they may have, 
various geographies that they may have. And in that light, we have won new business with the 
customers in the construction space. We've won business in the small ag space, and we have 
added new customers as well. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So, my next question is, I just wanted to know that as you said that the construction side of the 
market is still soft, but you are adding or rather horizontally expanding in that side of the market 
itself, so in various geographies also. So, just wanted your thoughts about the process. How have 
you been adding? Like what additions you have made in the past 3 years? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Rushabh, if you see, we've spoken about this in our earlier calls, right, that in the last 3 years, 
we've actually expanded significantly with Caterpillar, which is the largest construction 
equipment manufacturer in the world. We've also mentioned that we won one new business 
where the business has actually done better than when we were even looking at the numbers 
when the business was awarded.  
And I think what that has basically led to is it's given confidence to the customer on how we can 
support them. And hence, we've been able to grow with Caterpillar. I think we've also been 
candid in sharing that with customers such as Bobcat, for example, we are growing when it's -- 
again, we've spoken about this in the past.  
Bobcat decided that they were moving to Mexico. And we are also setting up in Mexico to be 
able to service and bring our near-shoring model to Mexico to be able to service some of these 
customers. And I think all of these activities, along with the fact that we -- the customers do 
recognize us for our engineering capabilities and the distribution model that we have, they've 
led to business growth with them.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
And the last aspect also is that we've been focusing on diversifying geographically, and that's 
the third element how we've grown over the years. In fact, that's also led to us winning some 
new business in Europe for FY '26. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My last question is, in the previous calls, you mentioned that above 70 horsepower, your market 
share is about 8% to 9%. Over the 5 years, it could be 20%, 25% of the market share. Completely 
with you on this goal of yours. So, just wanted to know what steps are you taking to achieve this 
goal in the next couple of years? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Rushabh, this has been something that we've been fairly focused on. The teams have been 
working closely with customers to see where we can partner with them. And on this front, we've 
won one order with a large European OEM, right, which is contributing significantly to the new 
business that we are looking fairly excited to execute in FY '26.  
Similarly, with some of our other customers, we've been speaking and we are hopeful of getting 
similar amounts of business. But overall, in the large ag space for FY '26, we are seeing a good 
growth coming from new business. And I think it would only be fair to say that the efforts 
continue on this front. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
First, just a clarification. You said INR200 crores of new business. So, I think in the past, we 
talked about annual pipeline of new business. 
Moderator: 
Viraj, I do apologize to interrupt you there, but your audio is not clear. 
Viraj: 
Yes. First, just a clarification. I think in the past, we used to talk about annual new business wins 
in the pipeline, which we won would be roughly around INR300 crores. So, this INR200 crores 
is on top of it or... 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Viraj, sorry, your voice is not clear still. It's very muffled. So, it's difficult to understand you. 
Viraj: 
Is it better now? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. Little better, I think. 
Viraj: 
Yes. So, question is more on the clarification. In the past, we used to talk about annual -- the  
new business, which we won on the annual, potential to be roughly around INR300 crores. So 
the INR200 crores business win we talked about is just a repetition of that, or it's incremental to 
the business win? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Viraj, we talk about business that we are realizing over the last trailing 12 months, right? So 
this is -- so this includes new additions that we keep doing. And when we are talking about those 
new additions, we are talking about INR200 crores of new business coming through. 
Viraj: 
Okay. So in last 12 months, what will be the contribution from new business win? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So like we say that in the last 12 months, the new business would be roughly about INR195 
crores on an annualized basis. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Second question is post the tariff announcement in U.S., given that we have a dual-
sourcing model, so if you could just give some perspective where does that put us in terms of, 
say, so how does that -- so how are customers looking at us in terms of overall position? What 
are they seeing? Any color you can give? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Sure. That's an interesting question, Viraj. I think before we get into tariffs, I think let's look at 
what the customers have been doing over the last many years, right? I think a number of our 
customers have been doubling down on their India teams and on their India sourcing. Pre-tariffs, 
a number of our large customers have reiterated in various forums that they would like to 
increase and double in some cases, their sourcing from India.  
Post-tariffs, I think that stance still remains. I think this is systemically something customers are 
wanting to do, which is to derisk the supply chain. I think as the tariffs have come in, the tariffs 
have come in, in two buckets. One is what got announced in March '25, which was the tariffs on 
the steel and aluminium products imported into the U.S. And the second one was that got 
announced in April, which was a reciprocal tariff.  
We have worked very closely with our customers on this since then. And we have reached a 
position where we have an agreement with most of our customers today on how this is going to 
be -- on how this is going to impact them and us. And I think we are looking at being a P&L 
neutral from a tariff perspective. 
Viraj: 
But given the -- so if I talk about 3PL or PMP, in 3PL, we have players operating out of -- major 
players operating out of Europe, while in PMP, you have competition both from China and other 
regions. So from a relative position point of view, where does -- post-tariffs, where is Uniparts 
placed? And in that perspective, what is the communication we are getting from our customers? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
I'm glad you asked this question. I was hoping that this would be your follow-up. So, I think -- 
see, it places Uniparts fairly uniquely, right? Because today, in our PMP business, we actually 
have dual shoring. We can manufacture in the U.S. for customers. I think given the tariffs, given 
the benefit that India has, we do have opportunities that have open doors.  
And coupled with that is the fact that we do supply to them from locally. So, there is nearshoring. 
And I think all of these put together gives us opportunities to be able to increase business with 
our customers. But bear in mind that while in the aftermarket, this can be more immediate with 
the OEMs. 
While this opportunity is there, there are approvals and processes that need to be completed, and 
they would need to be completed for us to be able to see the reality of these opportunities in our 
P&L. 
Viraj: 
So, how will pricing and margin really work in this kind of a scenario? So, our approach will be 
more focused on a blended margin rather than where it's manufactured or what channel delivery 
it is? How are we approaching this? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Rushabh I don't think our approach has changed. We are looking at the best cost 
manufacturing solution from our customer perspective. So, if it means that the best cost country 
post-tariffs is the U.S., we will manufacture in the U.S. for our customer. India still has an 
advantage over China in terms of tariffs. And I think that story for us remains strong.  
And I think given that we are now moving into Mexico to be able to supply to their Mexican 
production, to that extent, that business is anyways delinked from the U.S. So, I think the 
approach that we have doesn't change. I think it only strengthens or reiterates the strength of our 
business model, which is that we've always wanted to offer a best cost opportunity of 
manufacturing to our customer and the dual shoring and the near-shoring benefits that we bring 
to the customer. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Just one last question. So, I understand the environment is quite weak in terms of the end 
industry is going through a tough phase. But in terms of the cost take-outs or initiatives in terms 
of further leaning the overall cost structure internally at Uniparts, can you give some perspective 
what kind of a cost take-out or cost savings we have been able to get either in terms of where is 
the breakeven point now for us, say, vis-a-vis 3 years or 4 years back?  
So, it kind of helps us also get a perspective when the cycle turns, we might also see parallelly 
to that degree, the gains on the efforts we have been making. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Rushabh, if you -- sorry, so Viraj if you actually look at it, right, our gross margin levels 
haven't really changed year-on-year. FY '24 to FY '25, our gross margin levels remain fairly 
stable, except for a few decimal of percentage points. And if you then look at our fixed costs, 
you will actually see that our cost control has been fairly, fairly strong.  
This is a journey that we started and we've only built on, right? So, throughout the year, we've 
been focusing on increasing efficiencies and containing costs where we could. And that is why 
despite a 15% drop in the top line that we are seeing, we've been able to hold our EBITDA 
percentages and we've been able to still have a healthy PAT percentage.  
So, I think we are going to continue on that journey. And that's the commitment that we, as a 
management team and as an organization have to all our stakeholders. 
Viraj: 
Okay. I will come back in queue. Thank you for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
First of all, again, question on tariffs. So, you said that it will be P&L neutral. So, are the 
negotiations with the customers are over and you are not facing any margin pressure in the short 
term? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. So, Sunil, with most of our customers, we've reached an agreement. What will happen is 
that there will be some working capital impact because of the tariff, because we will pay and 
then collect subsequently from the customers, but it will be P&L neutral. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. And the second question is how much is the share of large agri in our total sales? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
The large ag is roughly about in the high-teens for us as a percentage of total business. It is about 
16%, 17%. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. And any new development on fabrication or hydraulic side, so we can expand our TAM? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
I think, Sunil, we've maintained that these are 2 areas along with the PTOs that we will continue 
to focus on. On the fabrication side, we have our own facility that does, what I'd call, small to 
medium-sized fabrications where we are picking up some traction with OEMs. And we are 
hoping that the efforts that we are continuing to make in the aftermarket channels will also yield 
results.  
It's been slower than what we would have expected. But I think that's on the small and the 
medium-sized fabrication. And as we continue to evaluate and look at opportunities as 
something fructifies, we will inform the stakeholders. But we do continue to work on these 
opportunities. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. And anything related to acquisitions, which you had alluded in the earlier quarter calls? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Sunil, that's what I was referring to, that on the acquisition space, the power take-offs, 
hydraulics and fabrication, remain three product platforms that we are interested in. We continue 
to work on that. We continue to evaluate opportunities. But acquisitions are fluid. Opportunities 
come and they take time to evaluate, understand, etcetera. So as and when something happens 
and something is more concrete, which we can share, we will let the stakeholders know. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Parth Lahoti from Equitree Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Parth Lahoti: 
So, my first question is, could you provide more detail on inorganic growth plans or potential 
acquisitions mentioned as a future growth driver? Are any specific markets or technologies being 
targeted? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Hi Parth, ever since our IPO, we've maintained that there are three -- so currently, we supply 3-
point linkage and precision machined parts. These are two verticals that we have. Since IPO, we 
have been saying that hydraulics, power take-off and fabrication are three platforms that we 
would like to enter into, and inorganic growth or acquisitions could be one way to get into these. 
We continue to evaluate opportunities, like I said.  
But like I said, we spend time and effort on these, but acquisitions are fluid by the very nature 
that they are. So as and when there is something more concrete, the company and the 
management will inform the stakeholders. 
Parth Lahoti: 
And my second question is what progress has been made in expanding the company's offering 
in synergistic verticals like PTOs, hydraulic cylinders and fabrication? How do you see this 
contributing to revenue mix over the next 2 years to 3 years? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, on the fabrication side, Parth, on the small and the mid-fabrication, we have -- we set up our 
own facility, which is, where with some of our OEM customers, we are beginning to get traction. 
It should start adding revenue in the next, let's say, 10 months to 15 months' time horizon.  
Some small -- some revenue has actually already started coming in also from the aftermarket. 
But the big bang that we are looking at is a little away. And on hydraulics, we don't have anything 
internally. Like I said, there, we will look at inorganic. And as and when that happens, we will 
let you know. So that's where we stand. 
Parth Lahoti: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, for FY '26, what kind of growth can we expect in our top line? And can we expect the 
margins also to improve from a low of 14%, which I believe post listing were the lowest margins 
that we ever did last quarter? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes, Madhur, that's the we've been making effort in winning new business because we've 
maintained and that's where growth is going to come from. So, in FY '26, we are looking at the 
mid-teens of top line growth as we stand today. And of course, as the top line comes in, the 
operating deleverage also starts to turn itself around and the margins should improve. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Great, ma'am. And madam, what kind of capex do you have for this year and the next year? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So typically, our capex in the last 2 years to 3 years has been in the range of, let's say, about 
INR30 crores to INR40 crores. And this capex really goes towards investing in capabilities or 
balancing equipment that we may want to or need, right? And that is what we are going to 
continue with.  
We've stated in the past that we'd like to keep our capex at 2.5% of our top line. And I think we 
continue with that, unless it is a very compelling reason to need to invest. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Great ma’am. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital Single 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
This is Nitin Shakdher from the Green Capital Single Family Office. So, my question is more as 
an investor rather than an analyst. Now over the last 8 to 12 quarters, there is a declining trend. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Nitin, I'm sorry to interrupt. Could you come closer to the microphone? Your voice is a little 
feeble. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay. Sorry. So, my question was more as an investor rather than an analyst. Is it clear now, the 
voice? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay. So, there is a sort of a declining trend over the last 8, 12 quarters, which all of us are aware 
of. Earlier on, the EBITDA margins used to be 21%, PAT margins used to be 14%. So, are you 
seeing any green shoots, any recovery, any countercyclical trends that are emerging for this year? 
Just wanted to get a sense of what the management feels about arresting the declining trend? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Sure, Nitin. Let me give you a little bit of perspective on that, right? And I think in the opening 
remarks, Paramjit alluded to -- actually, he described where the industry was in FY '25. And let 
me tell you what we are seeing in FY '26 segment by segment. The largest impact that we saw 
as an industry was in the large ag space, where the industry was down in double high-digits. 
In the North American markets, we still think this is where the industry is going to be in FY '26, 
but Europe obviously looks better. Asia Pacific doesn't have large ag. And in this particular 
space, we actually have won a good order from a large European OEM, which then gives us that 
much more strength over and above what the market does. 
I think the real green shoots that we are seeing are in the small ag industry. So, the small ag 
industry declined in FY '25 by -- in the high-teens or close to 20%. And this in America also is 
projected, if you listen to what our -- or if we listen to what our customers are saying because 
we hear from them, and we see what the end industry is doing.  
So there, we are seeing Americas will likely to be in the negative 5% to 10% range, and the rest 
of the world will be flat to 5%. Now, small ag is where we have quite a stronghold. India is 
actually in terms of the number of units, the largest producer of small tractors, right? And there, 
we are very, very strong. We will grow in India.  
We have won business in Asia Pacific. So, as Asia Pacific is growing, that growth will come to 
us. And we continue to maintain a strong position in America. So, that's on the small ag business. 
The construction industry in FY '25, again, we saw a dip, which was at about, again, in the high-
teens. And there, we actually performed better because we continue to grow with customers.  
And in FY '26, that industry is globally projected to be flat to a negative 5%. In this particular 
case, again, we have won new business, both in the U.S. and in Europe. So, we remain very 
optimistic and excited to execute these new orders. The aftermarket as a segment is a largely 
Europe and U.S. for us. And that as a segment has been growing for us and we will continue to 
grow in FY '26.  
So, yes, we've seen green shoots. Large ag still sees trouble and the new business that we've won 
should help us grow in the mid-teens, as I said earlier. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
So, that includes Mexico is what you also hinted on that you are going through customers there 
within the business of the customer and then that Mexico initiative is on track? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. Mexico, our Mexico entry remains on track. In our earlier calls, we had said that Jan '26 is 
when we will start operations, and we are absolutely on track to commence that as of today. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay. So, my last question is, is there any thought on sort of infusing more young blood and 
some succession, which leads to more innovation and identifying new trends? Just some 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
thoughts on the management. I mean, you were also brought in by the management with that 
thought, I'm assuming. So, just some innovation trends what people are thinking of Uniparts? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Nitin, that's a very, very interesting question, and I'm laughing because I consider myself to 
be still very young, yes. And -- but I think -- no, you're right. I think there is a thought that we 
do have of seeing how we can bring new talent and younger talent into the workforce. In fact, if 
you actually see, some of our colleagues in our U.S. business are very, very young. They're 
youngsters.  
And I think when we are now talking about recruitment even in India, we are looking at taking 
in younger blood. But having said that, I think one thing that I'd like to caution is, we would like 
to energize our team, but with youth as well as the right experience to take us to the next level 
that we need to get to. So, we'll need to strike that balance. That's the effort.  
So, we've just hired a new CHRO who comes with a great pedigree. He is relatively on the 
younger side, has a lot of hunger, a great addition to our senior leadership team. So, I think that's 
the trajectory that we are going to be on. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay. Great. Just wanted to complement on management on key things. One is maintaining the 
healthy cash position and the prudent cash management, which obviously is leading to a high 
dividend payout ratio. That's one. And second is I'm very impressed with your financial 
information page on the website. It's very clear, concise and structured and congratulations to 
Investor Relations and the Company Secretary for that. So that's all from our end and all the 
best. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Thank you. Much appreciated. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nikunj Doshi from Bay Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikunj Doshi: 
I'm sorry if this was answered earlier. I just joined a bit late. So, just wanted to understand since 
we are talking of mid-teens and higher teen kind of growth for the current year, so can we expect 
quarter-on-quarter growth, or it will be a lumpy H2 kind of a scenario? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, I think -- Nikunj, thank you for the question. Nikunj, if you look at our quarter 4 results, our 
quarter 4 result is better than quarter 3. In our conference call on quarter 3, we had already 
alluded to the fact that the bottom is potentially behind us. I'd like to say that largely that looks 
true, except for the large ag segment. The quarter 4 has been better.  
Quarter 1 for us should be similar to quarter 4. But I think what we are expecting and what we 
hear from customers, we speak to our large customers; John Deere, Caterpillar, Bobcat, Kubota. 
And what we hear from them is that second half of the year is where they are really going to see 
meaningful differences coming up and really calendar year '26.  
So yes, we expect quarter 1 to be in line with quarter 4, but the second half of the year is going 
to really see the green shoots of recovery taking shape. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Nikunj Doshi: 
And this Trump administration is going to decide on tariffs, say, in July. So, are you seeing any 
pre-order or pre-buying happening in this quarter because of that or inventory build-up in U.S. 
because of that or are you witnessing any of such phenomenon? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Nikunj, given our near-shoring model, we have been carrying inventory, which is the pre-tariff 
scenario, right? So that, in any case, gives us an edge. And like I was mentioning, we have 
reached an agreement with all our customers. So, even our customers also realize that the sooner 
we understand where both of us stand, it's better for normalcy of business because you can't keep 
buying for the entire year.  
At some point in time, we will need to come to a point where it will be BAU. So, the previous 
inventory that we hold helps us or has helped us, and we've reached tariff agreements with most 
of our customers. 
Nikunj Doshi: 
Okay. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nishant Chowhan from Geojit. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
Okay. Firstly, ma'am, what would be the tariffs that we currently would be bearing for our 
exports to U.S.? And what would be the revised tariffs post the recent change that has happened? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Nishant, there were two tariffs that were levied. The first tariff, which was on steel and steel 
imports was 25%. And the other one, which was levied in April was 10%, which is a reciprocal 
tariff. These are that -- and then this was increased to 26%. And then till the 9th of July, this was 
all put in abeyance saying, we will all pay reciprocal tariffs of 10%. So right now, these are the 
tariffs that are levied on us.  
How the situation changes is not something that we know as of now. But we continue to work 
closely with our customers to ensure that we can reach agreements at the earliest with them on 
how to ensure business is seamless for them and for us. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
Right. And what were the tariffs that were levied on us before the entire change that happened? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
I'm not aware in 2025 if there were any other tariffs that were levied on Indian products. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
No, like, for our exports to U.S., did we pay any kind of -- for duty or tariffs that were levied or 
there was nothing? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Those were normal customs duty that we paid, Nishant. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
Yes, that's the percentage that I want to know? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, we can get back to you with that data. I don't have that data on the top of my head on what 
were the basic customs duty and the other customs duty that we were paying. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
Okay. No problem, ma'am. And secondly, I mean, I was just referring to one of your key 
customers, John Deere's recent guidance that they have given, wherein they speak about the FY 
'25 outlook to be down 30% for large ag and maybe 10% to 15% for small. So given in that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
backdrop, I mean, what gives us the confidence that our revenues will still be able to post a high 
-- mid-to-high teen kind of growth in FY '26? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Nishant, the way we monitor our business and the way we work with customers is with a 
complete understanding that existing business is not where our growth is really going to come 
from. Our growth really comes from new businesses. And that's where the focus has been, right. 
Now if you look at -- even when you look at John Deere's large ag business, they're very 
categorical in saying that the impact in the Americas is going to be far more prominent than in 
Europe.  
And to counter that, we've actually got new business in Europe with a large tractor OEM. So, I 
think our business strategy really is to keep winning new business and keep adding new business 
so that we continue to grow. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
Okay. And is there any kind of order book number that we share or that we could probably -- 
you can share with us? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
I think, Nishant, we've been saying since our quarter 3 call that we believe that the bottom is -- 
the bottom of the cycle is over. We are seeing an uptrend coming. Quarter 4 results demonstrate 
that. We are saying that Q1 will be in line with Q4 and that for the full year of FY '26, we are 
looking at mid-teen of top line growth. 
Nishant Chowhan: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Miten Lathia from Fractal Capital 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Miten Lathia: 
Just to clarify on the tariffs bit, so right now, we do have a 10% tariff, right? So, for quarter 1 
that we are in right now, is there likely to be any impact on the P&L or the balance sheet positive 
or negative? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Hi Miten, as I was mentioning, post-tariffs, we will be P&L neutral for FY '26. 
Miten Lathia: 
No, specifically for quarter 1, I'm asking because this thing has come all of a sudden, right? So, 
we would have been holding inventory in the U.S., which today for any new product brought in 
would be subjected to tariffs. And hence, in the normal course, we should be beneficiaries of 
holding inventory, right? So that is one aspect.  
The other is I don't know how much of an ongoing rolling inventory that you would have to 
bring into the U.S. where the customer would have already locked in a price and hence, would 
not pay you for these tariffs, and that could have had a negative impact. So, I was asking about 
the sum total of both the positive and the negative. Where would we stand in quarter 1? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Miten, I think from a cash flow point of view, yes, there will be a slight increase in the 
working capital because there will be a delay in when we pay and when we collect. From a P&L 
standpoint, we will be neutral because whatever we pay and whatever agreements we've reached 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
with our customers, we will be in a position where the P&L is not going to get negatively 
impacted.  
So, if we are holding inventory, which is pre-tariff, then we also continue to hold inventory, 
which is post-tariff. So that will counter itself, but that will show more in working capital rather 
than on the P&L. 
Miten Lathia: 
Right. So, there won't be a gain there, right? So, the customer is not paying for any material. 
How would you know that you're holding that material? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Miten, your voice is not clear. You'll have to come closer to your speaker, please. 
Miten Lathia: 
No, I was just double clarifying that there won't be a gain either, right? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
We will be P&L neutral. 
Miten Lathia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Dhruv from Pegasus Growth. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Ma'am, I had a question. You mentioned about the new business that you've got over the last 12 
months rolling period of around INR190 crores, if I'm not wrong. And if I look at that and I look 
at the fact that the overall revenues declined by INR175 crores, would I be right in assuming 
that the legacy business has basically fallen by around INR360-odd crores last year? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, I think, Rahul hi, I think that's a fact of the market, right? So, I think if you look at how our 
end industries have performed, we have seen agriculture -- large agriculture industry down by -
- in the high-20s, close to the 30%. Small ag, close to 20% down, construction close to 18% 
down, right? And in all of that, we have actually -- our top line has degrown only by 14% to 
15%.  
So, that actually tells you that, yes, we followed trends with the legacy business and then 
whatever new business we've got has been able to stem the degrowth. 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Right. Okay. And so, if we have to look at your expectations for FY '26, you mentioned you'll 
be looking at mid-teens or high-teens growth. If I had to do the same math for next year, and 
you said you have INR200 crores of additional business, fresh business, which is probably 
flowing this year as well, so are we looking at actual growth from the legacy business in the 
coming year? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. Legacy business this year is growing, and it will grow in single digits, but the growth really 
will come from the new business. 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Great. I had one more question, and I hope I can jump in with that. So, I think we are as exporters 
or rather we are always very, very used to a depreciating currency, which is the rupee. And 
historically, we've always had that gain coming through every year, which we kind of -- probably 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
it passes through the balance sheet to the P&L. There's some margin expansion, maybe not, I 
don't know.  
Now, I just want to know what would be the scenario, What would be the case in case of a 
situation where the rupee actually appreciates to, say, INR81, INR82 next year? Would you go 
and renegotiate the dollar price up with your customers? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Rahul, that's the nature of our business, right? I think how we handle our prices with our 
customers is a fair amount of transparency. So, why you say that the rupee is a depreciating 
currency and it's a fact. I think what also happens is that there is an inflation that happens against 
it.  
So, our conversations with customers are saying if there is the rupee depreciating, there is the 
inflation, there is a net off. And that's how we look at life with customers. In case there is the 
rupee depreciating and then there is inflation, I think that's the discussion to have with customers.  
Given that we have long-standing relationships, customers know that we are transparent in the 
way we've always discussed these prices. Customers are also reasonable in understanding and 
approaching discussions when the rupee sort of goes up, when the rupee and the inflation cannot 
offset one another. 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Good. So basically, what you're saying is that the conversation will go back to the rupee now 
appreciating and because of which some of the costs reducing, the net of which would result in 
x percent increase in the dollar price? That's how it would go, right? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Sorry, I couldn't hear you clearly, Rahul. Can you come again? 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Yes. So, I'm just saying that the -- so the conversation with the client going forward, just assume 
the rupee appreciates so say, INR81, INR82, would be that you would go ahead and say, okay, 
fine, there is an appreciation in the currency because of which -- and at the same time, our costs 
have reduced because of that.  
So, the net impact of that would result in the dollar price of my product going up. That's how we 
would basically negotiate with the customer? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Rahul -- so I think let's look at it from the perspective that where we have agreements with 
customers, right, where they understand that in case the dollar is -- or the rupee is not 
depreciating and is appreciating, there will be a point at which we will need to sit across the table 
and understand what needs to come through to us because ultimately. 
If there is alerts that we have beyond a certain point that we can bear, it will only go against our 
investments for them because we do invest in capabilities, engineering, etc., for them. So, I think 
that happens. Customers are reasonable. Customers are not working with us for the first few 
years, right? We've been working with them for many, many years, and we've dealt with these 
cycles before.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
So, I think that's the conversation to have, things. When the rupee depreciated and the inflation, 
net of was not good, we had a certain understanding, and we looked at life in a certain way. 
Today, yardsticks have changed. This is the reality. And what we can mutually reasonably agree 
as doing business together. 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Correct. Okay. Just one last one, if I can. When we talk of a 25% tariff on our products in the 
U.S., would it not make the local producers competitive enough to basically kind of undercut us 
at some point in time? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Very, very interesting question, Rahul, and thank you for asking it. I think this is super 
interesting, and one would have actually thought that would be the case. But if you look at the 
steel prices, the base price, the input material costs, unfortunately, we can't compare the steel 
prices in India with the steel prices in the U.S.  
And if you see, steel prices in India went down in Q1 of calendar '25, and they stabilized over, 
let's say, April and May. And steel prices in the U.S. kept going up in the first quarter, and now 
they have started coming down slightly. But the delta between the India steel price and the U.S. 
steel price still remains. 
Labor remains to be expensive in the U.S. compared to India. But net-net, what we are saying is 
that maybe some of these costs could be netted off with freight and with the tariffs, right? Where 
we see this math play out for us, we are actually in a very strong position because then we can 
manufacture in our U.S. subsidiary and supply. But otherwise, India still remains the best cost 
country. 
Rahul Dhruv: 
Perfect. Thank you ma’am. Thanks for answering our questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sujal Jain from Wallfort PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sujal Jain: 
I had a question. In the event that industry conditions remain weak and we fall short of our mid-
teen growth guidance, ending up closer to high-single digit or low-double digit, what is the 
potential margin expansion from current cycle low levels? Like what levers do we have in place 
to drive margin recovery in such a scenario? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, I think, Sujal, if you look at our -- again, I'll go back to the point that our gross margins 
remain intact, right? Our gross margins have not been disturbed year-on-year. I think what is 
really playing against is the operating deleverage. We've really been able to control that through 
FY '25, which was -- which is from where we are seeing we are recovering.  
So, any recovery from here should be a positive to our EBITDA margins. And I think that's what 
we are hoping for. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Chandramouli Jagannathan, an Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Chandramouli Jagannathan: I have a little bit of a hypothetical question. Assuming the industry, which you are catering, 
agri and the construction as a whole, in a financial '23 year, let's say, INR100 crores, where 
Uniparts clocked the top line of about INR1,350 crores. And now the industry may be around 
INR70 crores or INR80 crores from its peak INR100 crores.  
My question here is, assuming that the industry goes back to INR100 crores, maybe not this year 
or financial year '27 or '28, will the Uniparts' top line can touch INR1,800 crores, INR2,000 
crores since you're talking about the new additions, added products and new order wins and 
things like that? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Mr. Chandramouli, I think I first want to give you a perspective of what's happened '24 to 
'25. '24 to '25, as I was mentioning, across all the industry segments that we are in, in majority 
of them, we've performed better than the industry and then we've actually grown 20% in our 
aftermarket industry.  
So, the business that we are running is to be able to grow despite the market and to be able to 
diversify. And the way to diversify other than the aftermarket is also geographic diversification. 
Again, in FY '26, the attempt is like we are saying the industry is not out of full pain, especially 
the large ag industry. And there, again, the attempt is to continue winning new business so that 
we can grow, and that's how we are saying that we will grow in double digits. 
I think from here, we've -- and in the past, if you've followed us, we've always said that barring 
these downturns that happen, which are a nature of our business, we typically tend to grow in 
the mid-teens. And if we continue to grow in the mid-teens and then there is the inorganic growth 
opportunity, yes, we definitely can reach the numbers that you're talking about.  
But it goes -- but I think I'm not giving a guidance. So, forgive me, I'm not going to say that's 
the guidance that I'm giving for the next 3 years to 5 years. I'm just trying to answer your 
hypothetical by saying, is that possible? Yes. But I think the more concrete answer to your 
question is that we have performed better than the industry in FY '25. That's the attempt in FY 
'26. And for the organic business, that is what we are going to continue to do. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Ma'am, like for the past 2 years to 3 years, we've been saying that our new order has been in the 
INR200 crores to INR300 crores range. And we have said that when this scales up, it can be a 
10x opportunity as the addressable market increases. But that hasn't happened yet. So why is 
that? And when can we expect some hard results for these new order wins that we are getting 
because these are not converting from pilot stage to a supply to the OEM stage? 
And second question would be on the aftermarket side, what was the revenue percentage that 
we got in FY '25? And what is the new order wins or new product approvals can we expect over 
the next 12 months? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Madhur, aftermarket was 20% of our total revenue in FY '25, and that's the growth that has 
happened. I think your -- sorry, if you could repeat the first part of the question? I forgot that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. So, it was more regarding the new order wins that we have highlighted. So, if I go through 
your past -- since Uniparts has been listed, it has been constantly in the INR200 crores to INR300 
crores range. And we have mentioned that when these opportunities scales up, it could be a 10x 
opportunity and increase our addressable market.  
But what we are seeing for the past 2 years to 3 years, these new orders are not converting post 
the pilot stage. They are just getting -- you are just getting the repeat pilot orders again and again. 
So, when can we expect an actual scale up of these orders going forward? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So, Madhur, I think let me explain this or let me sort of look at life realistically and give a view 
and help you -- or help you get a viewpoint into the business. So, I think while the number of 
around INR200 crores gives the impression that there has been no new business added and things 
are getting delayed, that may be true across segments and there, that may be true in certain parts.  
But see, for example, in the construction business space, we actually won new business where 
we did better than what we were anticipating when the business was awarded. The industry saw 
a downturn and hence, the legacy business fell. That business continued to do well, but then 
another segment, the large ag has not taken off.  
So, in that case, yes, there are pilots or there are even samples approved or in certain cases, we 
even have ready-to-supply material, but we are holding on to that because the customers' intake 
has reduced or their projects have been deferred, right. So, I think for the -- as long as the industry 
is in the downturn, that unfortunately remains something that we will need to bear with.  
But to be able to counter that is where we are saying can we regionally diversify so that if one 
part of the globe is seeing weakness, can we make it up by supplying to other parts of the globe? 
And that's where we've always said that Asia Pacific, Japan are opportunities for us to grow in, 
and that's where the focus has been to grow the business.  
So, I think that's where we are very confident that business will grow. We are seeing new wins 
in Asia Pacific, and that the growth opportunity, which is significantly larger than INR200 crores 
remains. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take the last question from the 
line of Praneeth an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Praneeth: 
So, I was wondering about the offtake of new products. I understand we were able to get more 
business and there is a structural decline in our primary segments, segments such as like PTO, 
hydraulics, fabrication. I understand you gave some commentary about how they're still muted. 
But can you give me some more idea on how these sales are going to progress?  
Are we going to use our existing distribution channels with existing customers to sell these 
products or are we planning on developing new distribution channels to provide these products 
and grow our market that way because we are diversifying in terms of our geography and 
product, right? So, how can we think about the new products and diversification in terms of 
product diversification beyond geographical diversification? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uniparts India Limited 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Pranit, the diversification that we are looking in the areas of fabrication, PTOs or hydraulics is 
to service the same customers and get a higher wallet share per vehicle with them, right? We 
know what we supply to them. We know what the adjacencies are and where we can actually 
get more business.  
So, to that extent, the products may be new, but the customers remain the same. The customers 
remain the same. Our distribution channels will remain the same. I think it's just about deepening 
our relationships with the customers' supply chain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Thank you, Tanushree. So dear all, we continue -- as we close this, we continue to focus on our 
core strengths and build stronger business franchise by strategically partnering with our 
customers on their journey and success. Our focus and efforts are aligned towards achieving the 
targeted growth in coming years. 
With this, I would like to thank all of you for taking time out today for joining today's call. Thank 
you very much. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
