 
 
EL/SEC/2025-26/ 17 
 
May 12, 2025 
 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda  
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
"Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Script Code: 543533 
 
Symbol: EMUDHRA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on Wednesday, May 07, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Third Amendment) 
Regulations, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, May 07, 2025, post announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter 
and financial year ended as on March 31, 2025.  
 
The audio recording of the Earnings call, along with the transcript, has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website https://emudhra.com/investors.jsp.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For eMudhra Limited 
 
 
 
 
Johnson Xavier 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A28304 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
eMudhra Limited 
eMudhra Digital Campus, 12-Pl-A & 12-Pl-B, Hi-Tech Defence and Aerospace Park (IT sector), Jala Hobli, B.K. Palya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka 562149 I Phone: +91 80 4848 4001 I Email: corporate@emudhra.comIWeb:www.emudhra.com 
CIN - L72900KA2008PLC060368 
JOHNSO
N  XAVIER
Digitally signed 
by JOHNSON  
XAVIER 
Date: 2025.05.12 
12:22:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“eMudhra Limited Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENKATRAMAN SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
MR. RITESH RAJ PARIYANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
MR. KAUSHIK SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT - PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, EMUDHRA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ARVIND SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE VICE  
PRESIDENT - INTERNATIONAL SALES AND STRATEGY, 
EMUDHRA LIMITED 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to eMudhra Limited Q4 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” and “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and I thank each and every one of you for joining us on 
eMudhra investor call for the full year FY’25. 
 
FY’25 was a healthy growth year for eMudhra. Its total income increasing by 38.9% YoY to 
INR 527.8 crores. Adjusted EBITDA grew 15.7% to INR 141.3 crores at a margin of 26.8% and 
the adjusted PAT grew 17.3% to INR 94.6 crore with 17.9% margins. 
 
The adjustments in tour set and non- recurring expenses in the profit and loss account including 
INR 8.9 crores for ESOP and finder’s fee cost. 
 
We further incurred INR 8.75 crores towards buyback of digital signature certificate as well as 
regulatory change in Indian Trust Service business with effect from July 15, 2024. 
Over the last few years we have diversified internationally across geography and our 
international business now contributes 62% of the total revenue and our partner led model has 
strengthened significantly accounting for 68% of trust Services business and 46% for the 
enterprise solutions business revenue. 
Then our acquisition of Ikon, TWO95 and SendrCrypt contributed nearly 28% revenues helping 
us to expand our market preference and product scope in the US market. The acquisitive growth 
for the year was about 18.8%. Again balanced 20% organic growth was driven mainly by our 
solutions business where the growth was about 27% given that our Trust Service business was 
relatively flat. We have continued to scale across markets and sectors with high quality customer 
wins. This includes a PKI role out for citizen service platform in India, large scale eSignature 
deployments in the Philippines and middle-east and the adoption of Certificate Management 
Platform, by a global gaming company in the US. In Kenya, our CLM platform was chosen by 
a key IT infrastructure operator, and our managed Services are deployed by the cloud security 
division of a leading ERP vendor in North America. These wins reflect the scalability in global 
readiness of our solutions supported by the leadership hires and the new offices across North 
America and Southeast Asia. 
So, from a product perspective, our focus has been to make our technology more intelligent, 
more secured and more easy to use. For instance, emSigner large banks, our HR team send and 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
sign official documents digitally like a job offer or a loan agreement without printing anything. 
Now with our planned new Gen AI features emSigner can even read a document, extract 
intelligence, point out possible risks, detect deepfake and carry out instructions like send this for 
approval just by voice or text. Today’s enterprises operate across hybrid clouds, remote usage 
and countless Apps making it impossible to manually track who should access what. This is a 
massive cyber-security issue for any organization managing security at the application and the 
data layer. Secured pass, centralize identity and access policies, learn normal behavior and 
instantly flags anomalies. With a roadmap for built-in behavioral analytics and visual access 
trust it will show user direct applications connections, and it will alert you the moment anything 
deviates from the norm.  
And then our other products Certinext, which manages digital certificates. These are like online 
digital identity for servers, websites, and devices. It now fixes potential issues such as certificate 
outages. They are automatically renewing and provisioning the certificates before they affect 
users. Importantly we are enhancing the platform with new algorithms in post quantum 
cryptography and new protocols in device and IOT identity management to prepare for 
tomorrow’s cyber challenges. 
All of this comes together to support what is called Zero Trust Security model which basically 
means do not trust anyone or anything unless verified. A concept that has become essential in 
today’s digital world. These developments along with updated product videos are uploaded as a 
part of the Investor Presentation.  
For FY’26 we anticipate continued momentum, supported by certain regulatory and compliance 
mandates. Our priority includes expanding into Europe, strengthening the SMB reseller network 
in India for emSigner and deepening automation and AI capabilities in both our eSignature and 
cyber-security offerings. 
From the guidance perspective, we have an enterprise solution order book of INR 190 crores, 
going the historical trend assuming relatively modest growth in other lines of business and 
looking at the macro-economic environment with slightly elevated levels of uncertainties, we 
are targeting a revenue growth of 25% to 30% assuming both organic and inorganic growth. 
On the bottom-line side, we are targeting to maintain the current levels of EBITDA and PAT 
margins even after accounting for the one-off expenses such as ESOP, provisioning, notional 
interest and stock repurchase that are likely to continue in FY’26. 
With this now I hand over to Mr. Ritesh Pariyani - CFO to make his remarks regarding the 
financials.  
Ritesh Pariyani: 
Thank you Chairman. Good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to share the highlights of our 
Quarter 4 and full year Financial Year 2025 performance.  

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Our total income for Q4 FY2025 was INR 1,492.6 million marking a 44.8% YoY growth. Gross 
profit for the Quarter grew 8.7% YoY to INR 781.8 million with a margin of 52.4%. EBITDA 
for the quarter was INR 371.6 million registering a 2.4% YoY growth with a margin of 24.9%. 
Profit after tax for the quarter was INR 243.4 million reflecting a 14.8% YoY growth with a 
margin of 16.3%. 
Now turning to the full year FY 2025 performance: 
Total income for FY 2025 reached INR 5,278.4 million representing a 38.9% YoY growth. The 
Enterprise Solution segment generated revenue of INR 4,135.3 million while the Trust Service 
revenue stood at INR 1,058.5 million. EBITDA for FY 2025 was INR 1,323.8 million registering 
a 13.7% YoY with a margin of 25.1%. PAT for the year stood at INR 872.3 million, growing 
14.3% YoY with a margin of 16.5%. 
That concludes my remark. Thank you and we may now open the floor for the question and 
answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Surbhi from Bellwether Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surbhi: 
Yes. Congratulations on great set of numbers Just wanted to understand our India business 
Enterprise growth has been very strong this quarter. Could you give some flavor on this kind of 
growth and what has led to this kind of numbers in terms of say were these government projects, 
were these more enterprise-led projects. Something on the flavor of how India business has 
grown in this quarter. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Both government business and BFSI. In government business generally in the last quarter, lot of 
tender and all those things got finalized because they have to exhaust the budget so generally the 
last quarter always is improved from the government business. In BFSI also if you see, we have 
got number of customers where the combination of eSignature, eStamping and emSigner use-
cases have continuously improved and remote signing has also continuously improved. So, both 
BFSI and government put together, this has led to a good growth in last quarter in the India 
business. 
Surbhi: 
Okay sir. Sir, our receivables has gone up significantly as on March’25. Would it be fair to say 
that this is because of some government business going up, just wanted to understand that. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: In terms of amount, it has gone up but if you see in terms of number of days it is almost remaining 
at 94-95 days globally. So, in terms of number of days it has not gone up significantly but little 
bit amount going up may be because of the government, some large contracts where the 
receivables are there, that’s why if you see even the cash flow from operation is almost more 
than the PBT. So whatever PBT generated, everything is received. So that is why it is not 
increased anything like that in terms of number of days. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Surbhi: 
Got it. And sir on the new initiative, which is the form of encryption, wanted to understand are 
we integrated these capabilities into our product’s stack and even on the Post Quantum 
Cryptography side, are we at the POC stage or have these capabilities been integrated. Just 
wanted to get some sense on that. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Post Quantum Cryptography is already integrated so that wherever the customer wants we are 
also pitching for that. But in that there is continuous upgradations of new algorithms and all that 
which we will be continuously doing but the basic what is necessary has already been integrated 
and the product has been completed. Then, coming to the Mobile PKI, the Mobile PKI is also 
completed are we have even shown the demonstration to our Controller of Certifying Authorities 
and all that. In India they need to pass the regulation for that which may take some time but, in 
the meanwhile, we have taken the Mobile PKI to Indonesia and other countries also. Then 
coming to fully homomorphic encryption, there also it is completed at a reasonable level but still 
some work needs to be done which I think may be next three to four months or six months it will 
be fully evolve. On that I will ask Kaushik to answer on this fully homomorphic encryption. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
A lot of work has been done so I think we have also outlined in the last call that some 
performance related improvements need to be made which recently we are working on because 
we are seeing more attraction for the other two products both in the India and the other 
geographies which is why we are spending more time there but in another three-four months 
new homomorphic encryption product will also be integrated. 
Surbhi: 
Yes. So, what are the plans on the investment side, we are seating on INR 188 crores of cash 
broadly, would it be more towards acquisition, would it be more towards building inherent 
capabilities on the product side itself. Any sense on how do we plan to use the cash? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: It will be both. We are continuously evaluating. So, if suitable acquisition comes in and again 
also in our presentation, we have said 7% to 9% R&D will be invested on product development 
so there are also three-four areas where we are developing and strengthening the product which 
I outlined briefly in my opening remarks. So, it will be a combination of both. 
Surbhi: 
And just one last question what was the Services revenue this quarter and if you could break it 
between Ikon and TWO95. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Service revenue total is around between INR 35 crore to INR 40 crore roughly or around INR 
36 crore, so, because we are doing the integrated Services it is very difficult to break up. Usually 
what has happened is one side Ikon, one side TWO95 and our own Services are also there to the 
same customer we are also selling our own products, so completely it cannot be bifurcated like 
that even if it bifurcated, we cannot give correct sense of what it is. 
Surbhi: 
Okay sir, out of INR 147 crores roughly INR 35 crores to INR 40 crores is total Services 
revenue? 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Congratulations on great revenue number. I wanted to ask what is about the margin. I am noticing 
that both in the international enterprise business for the last three quarters our margins have 
dropped in the low 20s as opposed to late 30s or early 40s as they used to be. So, what happened 
in international segment for the margins to come down, is this a temporary shift or is this now 
the new normal. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: If you see the composition of the international revenue particularly USA originally only Ikon 
was in the Service business. Now TWO95 is also in the Service business so the proportion of 
Service business in the USA business has gone up so that is one reason it is reducing. And the 
second major reason is the number of senior people appointed. Earlier only one of our person 
was there now we have appointed two senior people from DigiCert and two junior people from 
DigiCert. These are all adding to the salary cost but it will not add to the gross margin level. 
Gross margin level, it is more to do with the proportion of Service business in overall business 
in the USA. Particularly in the Middle East business the margin has remained the same, it has 
not declined. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it sir. Sir, in the earlier question where you said that the Services revenue is approximately 
INR 35 crores to INR 40 crores but the base of this INR 35 cores to INR 40 crores this will be 
mostly from the international enterprise number or is this also coming from the India Enterprise.  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: It is mostly international enterprise because in India we are not actively marketing Software 
Services. It is mostly the international only. In India predominantly we are focusing on the 
product and Trust Services which is the digital signature. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Sir you mentioned INR 35 crore to INR 40 crore for this quarter would it be possible to 
get this number for the last quarter and the quarter before that? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Immediately I do not have; it may be roughly INR 1 core or INR 2 crore less or something like 
that. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Okay. So, Services revenue is being more or less stable around this number. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. Service revenue of overall year if you take yearly, it will be around INR 140 crore to INR 
150 crore. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Perfect and the Trust business also again there has been somewhat of a margin decline, 
and I remember a few quarters back the conversation around how the go-to market strategy is 
changing. Is that the reason for the decrease in margin or is there something else. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. Earlier we were invoicing for the net amount for example if we sell to a partner, we were 
selling at INR 300, INR 400 so the entire thing is a margin. Today because the Controller of 
Certifying Authorities has made a rule that we have to only bill the end customer and we can 
only pay the commission to the partners, so we are billing the end customer, paying 40%-50% 
commission to the partners. So that is why the gross margin has reduced there but the top line 
has increased. But the overall top line has not much increased compared to last year as we said 
in the earlier quarter conference calls the volumes have declined by 40% to 50% because of the 
change in the income tax rule and more number of certifying authorities coming in and all that. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Perfect. Understood and lastly you mentioned I think that India business has done 
particularly well because of government orders and BFSI. Again, is this is a Quarter 4 trend or 
is this now going to be a trend that we should start seeing in the next year also because I 
remember few quarters back again that there were some stress in the India Enterprise business 
and we were thinking of moving away from the India Enterprise business a little bit, not focusing 
on it as much essentially. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No, India Enterprise we never wanted to move away, only hardware. What we were doing earlier 
we were bundling the hardware because how the bundling the hardware the receivables and other 
things are high and also on the hardware the profit margins were lower. So today what we are 
doing we are only trying to sell our software, and unless the customer may compel us to bundle 
the hardware. We do not generally bundle the hardware; we allow them to directly purchase 
from the market. So that is why gross margin on the Indian Enterprise business has improved. 
Earlier it was 66% 1-1.5 year back and now it has become 80% to 85%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirayu Baheti, an Individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Chirayu Baheti: 
I could see that from the past years the Return on Equity of the company is reducing gradually. 
I can imagine because of a lot of acquisitions we are doing but any plans that we could see this 
bottoming out and increase in the upcoming years 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Return on equity mainly because the QIP was done, then again under the IndAS what happens 
is the stock options though actually it is all fully diluted and issued to a trust in 2016 itself, but 
based on the IndAS methodology it is getting added to the equity only at the time of exercise by 
the people. So, last two years if you see one because of the QIP and the other because of the 
exercising of the stock option, the base equity has increased and that has led to the return on 
equity reduction or stagnation. But from next year onwards, at this juncture we are not thinking 
of any further issue at this time because already INR 184 crores – INR 185 crores cash balance 
is there. Also, the stock option exercising also will not be so much as what it was in the past so 
with the result the return on equity may improve from the coming years 
Chirayu Baheti: 
Thank you, and the receivable day is? Any plans to reduce it because earlier it was much lower? 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No, it was not lower. If you see from 94 days it has become 96 days, only two days higher and 
out of that also if you take lot of things are less than 30 days. These are all orders which have 
come in the last month that is why it is there. So, that will get streamlined over time. There is 
nothing to be concerned about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinath V from Bellwether Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Srinath V: 
Hi sir, just wanted to go to slide 12 in our deck where we have placed a roadmap for our identity 
and data security business. If you could explain the roadmap the new products on all three 
division, three product categories. Where are we in these products? What is the use case? When 
will the build-out happen? That that would be really interesting sir. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: I will ask Kaushik to do that because it is more technical. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Each product at a time. So, first if you see securepass, it was earlier called eMAS. We had 
basically started as multi-factor authentication which essentially meant digital signatures, 
biometric in various other forms. Then we introduced a single sign-on. So, to give you an 
example, if you are logging into one application you should not have to type your password 
again and again. Then we rolled out self-ledged identity access management where through a 
centralized sort of view you are able to control which users get access to which application and 
what kind of permission they have, can they approve, can they only view, can they edit and all 
those things. Now this whole paradigm is shifting to a new concept called converged identity 
where it is not only identity access management but also manage privileged access. And because 
environments have also become slightly more complex, where large enterprises are on-prem, 
plus cloud like AWS, Azure, plus they use third-party SaaS platforms like Salesforce; the same 
user what kind of controls he exercises in various different applications, across all of these 
environments and how do you get a centralized view, this is almost not only becoming a 
cybersecurity issue but also a compliance nightmare. So, that is where our roadmap is also 
heading. While we have existing capabilities, how do we integrate capabilities of converged 
identity is where securepass is heading. So, for any large enterprise it is a single pane of glass 
through which you get a view of your users who have elevated permissions; what they can do 
with it and how they kind of authenticate, whether it is through passwords or OTP or biometric 
or facial or in sensitive cases even digital signature certificates. It is becoming a much more 
comprehensive platform for mid-market upwards kind of enterprises to manage their access in a 
centralized manner. So, that is product number one. 
Product number two I will cover Certinext and emCA. emCA has been around for a while. 
Basically, around issuance of digital signature certificates in line with global compliances and 
global standards continuously the world is changing. For instance, post quantum cryptography 
and even within that there are newer sets of algorithms coming. Even in the IoT and for instance 
the electric vehicle world there are newer standard protocols emerging. Constantly we are 
enhancing. We have not only integrated the existing work on post quantum cryptography but 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
enhancing the platform to meet various new emergence of algorithms, protocols, standards, as 
far as some of the new age industries go like IoT, electric vehicle. Even, for instance, next year 
I think there is a huge trend around humanoids. So, how do you really control their security, are 
also discussions that are happening. And we will probably be prepared to meet that. 
On the certificate lifecycle management, which is Certinext, there are some important trends 
going on globally. One is the fact that about a month or so back the browsers which is Apple, 
Google, Mozilla passed a ballot saying in 2-3 year the certificate that are currently issued for 
365 days will expire in 47 days. Which means it is going to be manually quite impossible to 
manage the rollout of certificates for websites. So, if you go to a bank website there is a 
certificate, every 47 days you have to keep renewing it. So, there is a huge push towards 
automation which is where Certinext will play a role, in terms of automatically discovering, 
renewing, and provisioning the certificates. So, that is kind of the world of Certinext and emCA. 
Third is more around data privacy which is becoming big, because India is obviously on the 
verge of ruling out this DPDP act. As a consequence, we have so far addressed the data 
protection aspect which is around data encryption. So, any kind of firstly identifiable information 
like name, email, mobile, how do you encrypt but because DPDP is likely to be enforced with 
penal provisions. You have to now also have the capability to discover, classify sensitive assets 
before you are able to protect them. That is where we are heading towards building out those 
capabilities, so it becomes a comprehensive data privacy stack; not only doing data protection, 
but also, discovery and classification. So, with this what will happen is, there's a unified view of 
not only user identity through securepass, but also device identity through Certinext and emCA, 
and also the ability to protect any kind of firstly identifiable information that you kind of capture 
as a consequence of your interactions with your digital footprint that any large or mid-market 
enterprise would have. 
On top of this we are layering in-generative AI capabilities, which has also been outlined on a 
slide. How do we build domain specific intelligence around cybersecurity, for instance for 
banking, and allow the users to have gen AI based capability, saying that can you discover the 
certificate, can you rotate it? How do we identify anomalous behaviors in the way you 
authenticate and so on. So, there are number of use cases that we are working on. This is really 
the kind of view that we are taking, that user and device identity will converge. And in that 
convergence, data privacy will play a very important role. And we have to obviously, as a unique 
selling proposition, layer in-generative AI capabilities. 
Srinath V: 
In the data privacy stack what are the products we have today? And the other two stacks I have 
a reasonable understanding but, in this stack, how will the product evolution take place? 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Today, we have only key management. And as a consequence, ability to encrypt data. So far 
there has been built as an extension of Certinext, but now we see this taking shape as a separate 
product stack in itself. So, the orange on the on the Slide #12 which is discovery, classification, 
consent management, which are all basically from the data privacy standpoint. And then as a 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
consequence, once you let say classify something as sensitive, how do you encrypt which if left 
with whatever capabilities we have already built 
Srinath V: 
One more question on the US market. Wanted to understand how the scale up in private PKI 
opportunity is playing out in the US? Have you been able to cross a proof-of-concept stage? 
How close are we to scale up? What has been the broader feedback from prospective customers? 
Any broad light you could share that would be great.  
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
We have crossed POC is in quite a few customers Some of them have actively started using the 
products, started to scale up with us both for emSigner, as well as, I think the question was 
specifically on private PKI, on the private PKI side as well. There is an increasing demand for 
private PKI across a number of sectors and our team is kind of actively working towards it right 
so to answer your question we have crossed POC's in quite a few cases. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Also, our product revenue itself from the US last year was maybe around $8-$9 million or at 
least $8 million which predominantly emSigner, which was cross sold and also based on the 
POC what was sold and all that. 
Srinath V: 
One last question sir. We report this partner and direct contribution. Our partner contribution has 
significantly inched up over Q4. Is this largely indicating our deeper engagements with system 
integrators or is this coming out of a different channel? I was curious to know why this number 
has seen such a change. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Okay. Last year we made a strategy to get into many types of partnership. One is the system 
integration partner and also the reseller partners. So actively we have put an inside sales team 
here who is chasing several partners, enrolling lot of partners, and then continuously motivating 
the partners. And we made a partner first approach, by which some commission acceleration and 
so many things we have done. So, because of that the larger number of leads have started coming 
from partners. That is where now in one of the slides it is a three-pronged strategy. One is the 
partner acceleration and globally how do we enroll more and more partners. The other is, in the 
India market how do we go to the SMB and the retail with the emSigner? And the third is how 
to create more and more global pull and all that through brand building and all this. So, because 
of these initiatives these are all little accelerating. 
Srinath V: 
Thank you sir and just wanted to make a comment given the kind of products stack and 
everything you have built; I think at some point of time we should definitely aim to grow more 
than 25% whenever we do get an opportunity. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: We will always try our best to then leave the rest to God.  
Srinath V: 
That is the spirit sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Maheshwari from AKSA Capital, please go ahead. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Thanks, and congratulations for a very good set of numbers. I just had one clarification. On slide 
30 when you mentioned 1,133 customers, they are all out of solutions and services, am I right? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. They are not the DSC customers because the DSC and the eSign customers are in crores 
then. So mainly solution customers. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
While I am looking at the growth, what I have plotted from an annual report and looking at 
revenue per customer, it seems to be more or less in the same range of roughly about between 
30 to 40 lakhs and was trying to understand whether is it possible to upsell, cross-sell; because 
you have been doing that across your product stacks to several other customers. However, that 
is not necessarily reflecting in revenue per customer as a number. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
It does not work that way, because even in our last year presentation, we highlighted that there 
is a land and expand strategy. So, when a customer starts new with us is obviously a smaller 
value that they start with and over time kind of scale. I would request you to look at the existing 
versus new composition. Existing customers have brought in 78%. So, if you look at the net 
retention by value it is significantly north of maybe 100%-110%, which is kind of a healthy 
number. Average value probably is not the best representation of the deal values that products 
get sold even that there is a land and expand kind of strategy that we follow. 
 Rishi Maheshwari: 
May I then understand what is the attrition in terms of the customers? If suppose this year this 
is 1,133, how many customers have been continuing from the past and how many are the new 
customers? 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Our retention by count also is closer to some 91%- 92%. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
That solves my purpose and additionally I wish to just understand on a broader level while we 
are looking at a lot of issues internationally, I know that you are not necessarily alluded to IT 
services businesses which are more affected by such expense; however, in in terms of alliance, 
it is not too far away when the spending or discretionary nature of spending of some of your 
services comes across. Are you not facing any such issues at this point in time? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: The cyber security is a need of the hour. Almost, everybody wants to protect more and more. 
And also digital transformation, the emSigner product it saves a lot of money to them. So, that 
way we are in an niche area in which up to now we are not seeing much of a reduction in 
discretionary spending and all that. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Have you seen any form of cancellations of the orders that you had already bagged in and it has 
either seeing a delaying or a cancellation of any form? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No, as of now we are not seeing anything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Mishra from Creaegis, please go ahead. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Siddharth Mishra: 
First question is on international expansion. We mentioned that the FY’26 focus is going to be 
expanding into European Union. If you can highlight that little bit more in detail the geographies 
that we plan to target, maybe acquisition there, possibly in the services side or in the product 
side. I think in the past we have highlighted that we preferred entering into new geographies 
with partners, maybe not hiring of full-time employees there, so has that approach changed? A 
little bit more detail on the European expansion, that would be helpful. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: European expansion, we started about 2-3 years back. Then we transferred one person from here 
but, without any base in Europe it has been extremely difficult to get much business in Europe. 
In America also, we faced the same problem. Then we created the base by acquiring some two 
small service companies. With that base, today we have grown very well and almost out of our 
revenue 38%-40% comes from North America. So, similarly in Europe some acquisition or some 
strategic tie-up may be needed so that it will give a head start, and from that head start we may 
be able to grow. That is what we are thinking.  
From that perspective we have appointed a very senior person from the European geography 
itself, Mr. Carmine Auletta as the MD of our European company. He was in the similar business 
in another company called InfoCert which is also a big company in Europe based out of Italy. 
So, he can bring new leads and also, he may be able to bring some quality acquisition candidates 
and all that. So, all these possibilities are there. That is our intention as far as Europe is 
concerned. 
 
Other geography expansion, almost other geography we are present. Middle East we are very 
well present, then in Africa reasonable presence is there. Even South America reasonable 
presence is there. We are now able to sell in Colombia, Chile, Peru. If you come to Asia Pacific, 
we are able to sell in Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines. So, that way here and all reasonable 
presence is there. Australia and New Zealand, here we are not trying as of now. But we felt 
Europe is a good geography to be there. So, that is where we will try for this year that some 
acquisition or strategic tie-up of possibility we will try. 
Siddharth Mishra: 
Thank you so much and I think most other questions have been either answered or are present 
in the presentation. Just one question on the CAPEX number. I think the data center spending 
what we highlighted is probably done or maybe if you want to highlight what are the components 
there in the CAPEX and can we expect that to come down in FY’26? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Data center was part of the original IPO. So, those data centers are already done. So, there were 
three data centers one in Chennai, one in Bangalore and one in Amsterdam. Amsterdam also 
was done already but now that given the US business is really growing up and then giving a 
good size of business and then if we have a local data center it would be preferable for the US 
customers, which also some customers have told us. That is why instead of again re-spending 
we are shifting the Amsterdam data center equipment to the US to Salt Lake City and also in 
New Jersey. With that US data center itself we can work. In Europe later on, if necessary, based 
on the expansion we can set up. As of now we have no plans for that. With that there will be no 

 
eMudhra Limited 
May 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
more data center spending. All the CAPEX for this year is predominantly on the product 
development what Kaushik explained, the 3 or 4 major product areas that is 7%-9% CAPEX 
what he has outlined in the presentation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan for closing comments. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: As there are no further question, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We 
remain focused on delivering consistent performance and innovative solutions that enable secure 
digital transformation for our clients across the globe. For any additional information or queries 
kindly get in touch with our investor relations advisors, Churchgate Partners. Thank you once 
again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of eMudhra Limited that conclude this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. 
Notes: 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of 
the proceedings. 
                                                2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference 
                                                3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of eMudhra Limited 
 
