 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN: L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 8th Floor, City Bay, CTS NO. 14 (P), 17 Boat Club Road, Pune-411 001, Maharashtra, India  
Tel.: + 91 20 6742 9200 / 6742 9201  
 Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com Email id: vinod.patil@koltepatil.com 
 
To,  
The Assistant Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, ‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
To,  
The General Manager,  
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: 31 May 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on 26 May 2025. 
 
ISIN: Equity: INE094I01018 and Debt: INE094I07049, INE094I07064 and INE094I07072. 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ 
        BSE Code and Scrip Code - Equity: 9624 and 532924 
        BSE Security Code and Security Name – Debt: 1. 974771 and KPDLZC33;  
  2. 975276 and KPDL221223; 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
  3. 976030 and 0KPDL34.        
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 47(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript of “Q4 & FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” held on 26 May 2025 at 03.30 PM (IST). 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
VINOD 
EKNATH PATIL
Digitally signed by 
VINOD EKNATH PATIL 
Date: 2025.05.31 
16:12:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited  
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Smit Shah from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Smit Shah: 
Thank you, Manav. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the Q4 and FY '25 Results Conference Call of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited. 
We have with us Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO, and Ms. Dipti Rajput, Vice 
President, Investor Relations. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain 
risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the 
Q4 and FY '25 results presentation that has been shared with you earlier. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO, to begin the 
proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone 
present on this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Operating and 
Financial Performance of the company for the 4th Quarter and full year-ended 
31st March 2025.  
I would now like to share my views on the real estate environment, followed 
by an overview of key developments during the period under review. Dipti will 
then take you through the key financial highlights. Following this, we will open 
the forum for Q&A. 
India continues to stand out as one of the fastest growing economies globally 
with FY25 GDP estimated at about 6.5%. Despite the global trade and policy 
scenario remains uncertain, India’s growth is expected to remain strong 
supported by firm domestic demand, accommodative monetary policy and 
progressive regulatory environment.  
Also, the Union Budget FY26, focussed on inclusive growth, macro-economic 
stability, and consumption boost. Rationalized tax rates will benefit middle-
income individuals and coupled with lower interest rates, could support 
demand in the housing segment. We expect the residential demand to sustain 
across mid-income and premium. 
Coming to the performance for the period under review, I am happy to share 
that FY25 has been a strong year for the Company, with milestones achieved 
on various operational and financial metrics including Collections, 
Realizations, and Total Income.   
In FY25, we achieved highest ever collections of Rs. 2,432 crore marking a 
growth of 18% YoY. This was achieved on account of improved efficiency in 
construction milestones and steady sales. As a results, operating cash flows 
stood at Rs. 880 crore for FY25. Sales remained at around Rs. 2,800 crore, 
impacted due to deferment in planned project launches owing to regulatory and 
procedural delays. In FY25, we launched projects with a total GDV of 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
approximately Rs. 4,000 crore. New launches contributed ~42% to overall 
sales, reaffirming the optimistic demand scenario and acceptance of our brand. 
We reported highest ever annual realization of Rs. 7,758 per sq. foot marking 
a growth of 8% YoY. This was achieved on the back of a disciplined pricing 
strategy and the successful implementation of rational price hikes across 
projects. Our flagship Life Republic township continued to perform well and 
contributed ~1.9 mm. sq. ft. to volumes. This reflects sustained homebuyer 
confidence in our offerings and execution.  
In Q4 FY25, we recorded sales value of Rs. 631 crore supported mainly by 
sustenance inventory across our portfolio. Collections during the quarter 
reached a new high of Rs. 704 crore, reflecting a 19% YOY growth. 
Realizations for the quarter rose 9% YoY to Rs. 7,904 per sq. ft., led by firm 
momentum in Life Republic and our 24K projects. 
On the business development front, enhancing our future growth pipeline, in 
FY25, we added a project in Wadgaon (Pune) with the GDV potential of Rs. 
4,000 crore and a potential saleable area of ~5 million square feet.  
Overall, ongoing infrastructure development, evolving consumer preferences, 
expanding economic opportunities, and improved affordability, are creating 
new demand corridors and strengthening the residential demand base. We are 
consciously working toward strengthening our presence in the existing market 
and evaluating new locations to widen our footprint within the three 
geographies we operate in.  
Moving on to the financial performance, we reported highest ever annual total 
income of Rs. 1,764 crore marking a growth of 27% YoY. This was driven by 
disciplined execution and timely project completion. Profitability has also been 
improving – FY25 EBITDA at Rs. 227 crore grew 252% YoY and PAT at Rs. 
107 crore improved from negative Rs. 69 crore in FY24. Higher revenue base, 
improved realizations, and cost efficiencies have contributed to improved 
margins. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
    
As we move forward, our focus continues to remain on growing sustainably 
and consistently delivering high quality outcomes across all key performance 
indicators. In our pursuit of redefining living, we are committed to customer 
satisfaction across segments and geographies. As one of the leading real estate 
developers with a strong presence in Pune and growing footprint in MMR and 
having created a solid foundation for multi-year growth, Kolte-Patil is well-
positioned to capitalize on the opportunities and deliver long-term value. 
With this, I now hand over the call to Dipti to share financial highlights.  
Dipti Rajput: 
Thank you, Atul. Good afternoon, everyone. I’d now like to take you through 
our financial performance for the quarter and full year ended 31st March 2025. 
Under CCM-based accounting, our Q4 FY25 total income grew 37% YoY to 
Rs. 723 crore from Rs. 528 crore in Q4 FY24. For the full year ended March 
2025, we recorded milestone total income of Rs. 1,764 crore, compared to Rs. 
1,395 crore in FY24, marking a growth of 27% YoY. 
Reported profits have also been improving. Q4FY25 EBITDA of Rs. 112 crore 
improved significantly as compared to EBITDA loss of Rs. 8.7 crore in Q4 
FY24. For the full year FY25, EBITDA at Rs. 227 crore increased by 252% 
YoY from Rs. 65 crore in FY24.  
Q4FY24 Net profit after tax (post-minority interest) stood at Rs. 65 crore as 
compared to a loss of Rs. 27 crore in Q4 FY24. For the full year FY25, Net 
profit after tax (post-minority interest) stood at Rs. 107 crore as compared to a 
loss of Rs. 69 crore in FY24.    
As you're aware, revenue and profit recognition are closely linked to the 
progress of project completion, in line with statutory accounting norms. With 
steady construction momentum, we have continued to witness strong 
collections, underscoring both execution efficiency and sustained demand for 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
our offerings. A key indicator of real estate business health is operating cash 
flow, which stood at Rs. 239 crore for the quarter and Rs. 880 crore for the full 
year ended March 2025. As on year end, our net debt stood at negative Rs. 5 
crore. These figures reflect our ongoing commitment to financial discipline, 
ensuring robust liquidity and operational resilience while pursuing growth. 
Thank you, and I now request the moderator to open the line for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ma'am. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask question may press * & 1 on their touchtone 
telephone, if youo wish to withdraw yourself from question queue you may 
pree *& 2, participant are requested to use handsets while asking a questions. 
Ladies and gentlemen please restrict your self to only 2 question per 
participant, if you have a follow up question we request you to rejoin the queue.  
We will take our first question from the line of Gautam Rajesh from Everflow 
Partners. Please go ahead.. Gautam are you there 
Gautam Rajesh: 
My question was, can you give the guidance for pre-sales and launches for the 
next year and how it's going to pan out throughout the year?  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Gautam. We are very much on track of our long-term guidance. 
However, given the situation, we will revisit going forward the strategy, and it 
may take a quarter or two quarters to provide you the guidance for the year. 
However, on the long-term trajectory, we still remain very much on track.  
Gautam Rajesh: 
Anything regarding the projects, any updates on that over the next year and the 
new launches that we have?  
Atul Bohra: 
So, during the financial year, we have launched the project with the GDV 
potential of Rs. 4,000 crores. Given the situation that a couple of projects are 
deferred on account of a few of the delays in the approvals cycle, this also will 
provide you once we take a close look on the upcoming status on those projects.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Gautam Rajesh: 
So, regarding the new launches and pre-sales, you can only give us any update 
in maybe a quarter or two. You can't give any other light at present.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead.  
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Thanks for the opportunity and many congratulations for giving a very strong 
operating performance. My question is that at the beginning of the year, we 
had guided for Rs. 3,500 crore and as you said that a couple of projects were 
delayed because of approval. So, can you quantify, I mean, can you name those 
projects which can be launched in the H1 after getting the approval? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, given the fact that there were general election and state election during 
the year, and couple of projects are more specific by which we have observed 
few deferment in the launches, and as I already mentioned that we will keep a 
close eye on those and we will update once we see some progress on those.  
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And what is the status of this open offer as of now?  
Atul Bohra: 
So, this transaction is very much under regulatory approval process as of now. 
So, all the details are already shared through stock exchanges filing. And once, 
as and when it is progressing, from time to time we are updating through 
exchange filings.  
Dhananjay Mishra:       Okay, Thank you  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from the line of 
Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyah: This is a question on more on the history of the company, okay, and how. If we 
look at last 4 years, the realization of Life Republic has gone up from Rs. 5,000 
to Rs. 6,800 per square feet. And it has been consistently around 40% of sales 
in a year. But still our operating margins are way below 20% for 5th year in a 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
row, whereas when the cycle was bad from FY '13 to '20, the margins used to 
be near 25%.  
 
First question is, why is it so? And the second question is, what are you doing 
to improve the margins in the business? Means, is there at our end something 
what we need to do on the cost side to improve our margins? And where are 
we lacking?  
 
Because it's very difficult to understand when realizations keep on going up 
quarter after quarter, and what we are recognizing today in FY25 is what we 
sold in FY22 or FY23, you see where at that point of time also the realizations 
were continuously increasing. And Life Republic should have been a much 
higher margin product because of the land cost which are much lower. Can you 
give me your thoughts? And what are you doing to get the margins back?  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Himanshu. As you have seen that as compared to FY24, where we 
had EBITDA of almost Rs. 65 crores, this year we have seen almost Rs. 227 
crore with Y-o-Y increase of 252%, as well as the PAT margin from negative 
Rs. 69 crores to Rs. 107 crore.  
 
So, there is already a lot of improvement and as you rightly mentioned that 
since the APR trajectory also in last 4-5 years, we have seen a good amount of 
traction in rise of APR specifically with the last year as well, the highest ever 
realization for this financial year with Rs. 7,758 per square feet, which has 
increased 8%.  
 
We see with all these things is really supporting well to the margin side. And 
going forward, there will be margin improvement on the positive side. At the 
same time, the overall volume, as you see this year as well the total income, 
which is one of the highest ever income Rs. 1,764 crore as compared to last 
year's Rs. 1,395 crore. So, we see that this momentum is already built, and we 
will see something better in the coming financial year as well.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: Is there scope to reduce cost further?  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Atul Bohra: 
Sir, we are doing that exercise as an internal exercise as well. However, it's 
really not that there to comment as of now.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So, two questions from my side. First is on how would you read the market 
right now considering last year we had almost Rs. 3,800 crore worth of 
launches as in FY24. And from those launches, we had a contribution of 
roughly Rs. 1,800 crores. This time also we had like almost all launches of Rs. 
4,000 crores, but contribution is roughly Rs. 1,100 crores. So, is it just because 
of the timing of these launches? Hence, we are seeing this lower contribution 
or in general, you see some weakness in your home market? That's my first 
question.  
 
And second question is on the timelines part of the approvals. Where do you 
think is the industry still lagging in terms of getting the approvals? And any 
progress or anything you are seeing that can fasten up these approvals in 
coming quarters or this will continue to remain at this steady pace? So, those 
are my two questions thank you. 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, So, coming to your first question, more specifically on the demand 
scenario, we have seen in the last couple of months, most of the walk-ins and 
the conversion numbers seems to be in a very positive mode, specifically in 
Pune and Mumbai region where we have seen uplift demand in the premium 
houses. At the same time, MIG keep continuing sustained story. At the same 
time, you know, there are quite a good initiatives of interest rate reductions and 
few of the recent budget announcements we see the demand will sustain. 
 
Coming to the second question, where the approval challenges and these 
scenarios, we have seen obviously last year there are few of the national and 
state level elections, and might be those are the couple of reasons. But however, 
we see that okay, this scenario is improving and improved a lot. So, going 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
forward, I don't see. But obviously, approvals are always a dependent factor. 
So, it always have certain quarter-to-quarter slippages.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thanks for opportunity. So, two questions from my side. So, while we do 
understand that the deal is on, at the same time, there is no clarity on approvals. 
But if you could, you know, some broad understanding or broad thoughts on 
the launches of Mumbai and at the same time launches of Pune ex LR, some 
broad numbers, A. And secondly on the P&L, just wanted to understand, this 
quarter has been very robust. So, how should one look at FY26 and FY27 from 
that perspective?  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you Shreyans So, in terms of Pune launches, if I give you a broader 
perspective, last year as well we have launched Life Republic itself. We have 
launched a project to the tune of Rs. 2,000 crores and in the rest of the Pune 
market we have launched more than Rs. 1,600-1,700 crores worth of inventory.  
 
At the same time, in Mumbai, we have launched our project in Navi Mumbai. 
And given the fact, there are a couple of upcoming launches in Mumbai as well 
as in Pune. However, as I already mentioned that we are keeping a close eye 
on the approval procedures. And as and when we see progressive development, 
we will keep updating you.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure, And sir, secondly on the P&L.  
Atul Bohra: 
So, on the margin front, I already explained to you, I guess. If you want, I can 
repeat it. On the EBITDA front, we have at 13%, that's Rs. 227 crores, which 
is improved by 252%. And we see this momentum will continue. As you have 
seen that there is a quite improvement in APR and going forward, all those 
projects will get recognized, the margin will gradually increase. 
Shreyans Mehta:         Got it, sure sir. that’s it from my side, Thank you and all the best. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you, We have our next question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, just one, first question is on the long-term guidance. So, can you just, I 
know things are a little bit hazy right now for FY26. But long term, where do 
you want KPDL to be? I mean, if you have some clarity on that, you can give 
some clarity on that.  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Biplab. As far as I have already said that on the long-term guidance, 
we are very much on track. We are closely working on those guidance. 
However, given the fact we are still revisiting the strategy, and maybe it will 
take certain time to guide you further.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, my question was what was the long-term strategy that you mentioned? 
Atul Bohra: 
No, for the long-term we have already guided on Rs. 13,500 crore and that is 
still on track. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, Okay! My second question is on the, you know, now Blackstone and 
there is a promoter. And there is a Blackstone who would be jointly controlling 
the company. So, how do you envision promoters and Blackstone's role, 
involvement in company’s strategic direction and day-to-day operations? If 
you could give some insight on that, that would be really helpful.  
Atul Bohra: 
So, this transaction is very much under approval and regulatory procedure. I 
think it is very early to comment. Even though we have shared all the details 
through regulatory filings, however, once strategically it moves and come to 
some conclusion, I think that is the right time where we can give you more 
comment on those.  
Biplab Debbarma:       Okay sir, Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, We have our next question from the line of Prolin Nandu from 
Edelweiss Public Alternatives. Please go ahead.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Prolin Nandu: 
Hi Sir, Two questions from my side. While these are repetitive, want some 
clarity first on launches, right? So, one of the reasons why we probably were 
not able to meet our guidance, right, of FY '25 was delays in the Mumbai 
launches. Now, I wanted to understand whether that was the only reason, and 
was this something to do with the macro and general election, or was it 
something very specific to our project? And going by your previous answers, 
is it fair to understand that these problems should no longer be there in FY26? 
That's my first question on launches, sir. I will ask the next question once you 
answer this.  
Atul Bohra: 
So, as I said that we are keeping a close eye on most of our sanctions and 
approval procedures. Even though today we still have a strong pipeline for the 
launches which will be in line with our long-term guidance to meet those long-
term guidance. However, I really want to not comment much unless and until 
those approvals get progressed at advanced stage. At that time, we will keep 
guiding you on specific timelines. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Okay, understood sir. The second question is on margins, right? Now, in the 
previous call, what you have mentioned is that, the reason why our reported 
margins were lower in, let's say, FY24 and FY25 was some of the projects were 
taken during the post-COVID era and there was cost inflation. And one should 
see the recent projects being reflected in numbers because the way accounting 
is done sometime in FY26, right? So, that guidance still holds true of, let's say, 
mid-to-high teens margins in first two quarters and then nearing the 20% by 
the end of FY26, that's what you had guided for in the previous call, does that 
still hold true? 
Atul Bohra: 
I have already stated that we have seen a good amount of improvement in 
EBITDA and PAT numbers, and we foresee that in the coming time, this 
number will definitely be better. 
Prolin Nandu:               Thank you so much for your time. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Siddharth Agarwal 
from Prudent Partners. Please go ahead.  
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Good afternoon sir, My first question is, could you please give us some 
estimate of our fixed corporate annual expenses for the year, which has nothing 
to do with project operational cost?  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Siddharth. I think it remains more or less steady as compared to 
even FY24 versus FY25, the other expenses which goes roughly around in the 
trajectory of Rs. 150 crore.  
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you. And sir, the second question is, could you give us some 
estimate of our delivery or value or area-wise which is scheduled for position 
in FY26 or FY27 as per our commitments to our clients?  
Atul Bohra: 
So, Siddharth, as I already mentioned that for next year's guidance and is it in 
terms of presales or maybe delivery, it's too early to comment.  
Siddharth Agarwal: 
Sorry, but sir, this is delivery will be as per projects which were launched, and 
you already know what is delivering for the company this year, right? It’s not 
the guidance.  
Atul Bohra: 
Correct.  
Siddharth Agarwal: 
What is scheduled is there could be slippages, but what is as per the project's 
timeline scheduled for delivery this particular year? 
Atul Bohra: 
So, this year we have delivered and handed over almost 2,600-2,700 of units. 
Next year we estimate those to go around 3,500 units plus.  
Siddharth Agarwal:    Okay, thank you sir! 
Moderator: 
Thank you! We have our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from 
Quest Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Bharat Sheth: 
See, Atul, my first question is related that in initial or opening remark, there is 
a delay in the approval due to regulatory changes and some of other Bombay-
based builder also as developer commented on. So, if you can share some what 
changes happen on the regulatory guideline which has caused the whole delay? 
And what stage we are in this regulatory compliance? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think this is, as you have already mentioned, that this is more of an industry 
related issue, not a company specific. 
Bharat Sheth: 
I understand, but if you can give some more color, what change in regulatory 
approval has happened?  
Atul Bohra: 
No, this is improving.  
Bharat Sheth: 
No, no. What are the changes that regulator has brought which has delayed the 
whole approval process?  
Atul Bohra: 
So, there are few environmental committee aspects or maybe there are few 
notifications or regulatory changes. These are not something as specific as 
such. There are multiple factors which are in the entire approval chain. So, it 
is hard to comment like any specific reason for that.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Thank you for the chance. So, sir, if I remember correctly, I think in the last 
few con calls, we had talked about the finance cost being a certain number 
close to Rs. 100 crores odd. However, it was significantly lower. So, can you 
explain what is the reasoning for the same and just for us to understand what 
happened? Like this year we have recorded around Rs. 42 crores. This quarter 
was only Rs. 6 crores, and earlier it was around Rs. 12-15 crores a quarter. So, 
can you explain this and also how do you see this number for the next financial 
year? And then I have another question which I will ask after this question.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Atul Bohra: 
Thanks, Rohit. So, finance cost, which is for FY ‘25 for Rs. 42 crores, and 
might be your question is, how it is as compared to last year. It's rationalized 
to be based on how much is directly apportioned to the project. So, few of the 
finance costs which directly charged to the WIP, which is correlating to a 
particular project, and that's how actually there is a little bit of a lower finance 
cost in this financial year because it has largely been capitalized basis on the 
use of the capital.  
Rohit: 
So, what is the expectation for this financial year, FY ‘26?  
Atul Bohra: 
It should be in the same range of around the same or maybe 20%-30% on the 
higher side.  
Rohit: 
And sir, in terms of launches for this financial year, you said that you still don't 
have clarity because of certain regulatory changes. But wherever we are 
already launched and wherever there are certain changes happening, what kind 
of sales are you seeing and how do you see the sustenance sales for this year 
in the launches and the projects that have already launched? So, any thoughts 
on that?  
Atul Bohra: 
So, for this financial year, I don't mention that regulatory delays. I mentioned 
that we are in a process of revisiting on our strategy and we will guide the 
market about what will be the launches in the upcoming years. 
Rohit: 
And when is that expected, sir? By when? 
Atul Bohra: 
So, given the situation as of now, we expect that a quarter-to-quarter where we 
are going through few changes and might be strategically we have to go 
through most of these issues, and we will keep guiding the market once we are 
ready with this information. 
Moderator: 
We will move to our next question from the line of Vikas Sharda from NT 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Vikas Sharda: 
Hi, good afternoon. I have one question on the business development side. So, 
in the previous call, you were quite confident to touch the guidance of Rs. 8,000 
crore of business development. And you mentioned that some of the deals were 
quite close to completion. Could you update on the status of those? And just a 
follow-up question to that, are these business development deals put on hold?  
Atul Bohra: 
Thanks, Vikas. So, business development is one of our very important 
initiatives. And last year we have concluded a transaction with a GDV potential 
of Rs. 4,000 crore and a total potential of 5 million square feet in Pune. At the 
same time, there are few deals, you know, it's very early to comment. But yes, 
which are moving in a quite positive direction. And we will keep updating once 
we conclude on those transactions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from the line of Piyush 
Kumar from Magnus Hathaway Investments. Please go ahead.  
Piyush Kumar: 
Thank you so much for taking my question. So, sir, my question is regarding 
the growth and realization for the Life Republic Township project.  
Atul Bohra: 
So, for the financial year, we have average price realization growth of almost 
7% at Life Republic project. And the volume is 1.9 million square feet at Life 
Republic project, which is very much in line with the last financial year. 
Piyush Kumar: 
Thank you so much, sir. And sir, my second question is that we gave a pre-
sales guidance of Rs. 13,500 crore for three years. So, are we moving in the 
lines on that same direction, sir?  
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, I have already mentioned that, that is very much on track. Even though 
we will keep updating you once we go through a few of, you know, revisiting 
our strategy. So, that may take some time, and we will guide you further in 
case if there will be any change.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown 
Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Rahil Shah: 
Hello, Good evening. Firstly, for FY26, have you given any presales guidance 
along with collections? And this Rs. 13,500 crores number which you 
mentioned, what is this with regards to the long-term guidance? If you can 
clarify that again? Thank you.  
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, so Rs. 13,500 crores is the long-term guidance of FY25 to FY27. For this, 
specifically for FY26 guidance, I have already mentioned that we may take a 
quarter to revert on the specific guidance for the financial year. However, the 
long-term guidance is still very much on track.  
Rahil Shah: 
No, what is it about? The guidance? The figures for which like particular...  
Atul Bohra: 
Presale guidance.  
Rahil Shah: 
Presale guidance. okay, got it, thank you & all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, We have our next question from the line of Mehul Panjwani from 
40 Cents Capital. Please go ahead.  
Mehul Panjwani: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir, I have two questions. First question is about 
what is the percentage of GDV value for the entire company which we can 
attribute to Life Republic? And you can answer that and then I will ask my 
second question.  
Atul Bohra: 
For FY25, out of the total GDV presale number, it contributed 45%.  
Mehul Panjwani: 
45%. And what was that number for FY24, sir?  
Atul Bohra: 
I think it is very much in line with that only. 45% if I am not wrong to be 
precise. Last year it was also 45%.  
Mehul Panjwani: 
And sir, my second question is, the real estate environment was quite robust 
last year in FY24. In fact, I mean, to the best of my knowledge, there is a bit 
slowdown from FY24 to FY25. So, I would like to know what was the reason 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
that we went into red last year and now we have jumped back to a certain 
positive. Can you elaborate a little bit on this?  
Atul Bohra: 
There are multiple factors, you know, the project which get realized during the 
last financial year and the price APR of those project versus the cost. And at 
the same time, the quantum of realization for the last financial year compared 
to this financial year was also less. So, there is a natural impact of certain fixed 
overhead cost which go through P&L, charged through P&L. At the same time, 
during the financial year, it is supported with a better APR and controlled cost 
and improved on the efficiency in terms of getting the project completion on 
time.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from 
BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: I have two questions. First is, we had hired a lot of new employees at 
management and mid-level for BD and the quality side of the execution. Are 
you seeing any increment on customer satisfaction? So, what I was asking was 
we had hired a lot of people at the management or mid-level for business 
development and the quality side of the execution. Are we seeing any 
improvement on customer satisfaction at the handover stage or still it will take 
some more quarters before any improvement? And what progress have we 
made on standardization of operating parameters for construction, quality 
check, etc, and also at the handover stage? So, some thoughts on what were the 
priorities for last year. Where are we on the journey?  
Atul Bohra: 
Thanks, Himanshu. This is the foremost priority for the company, customer 
centricity. And this is an ongoing process. We are rebuilding it for improvising 
in the upcoming year as well. At the same time, constantly from last couple of 
years and going forward as well, almost around 2,500 to 4,000 units handover 
happened. And we are getting quite experienced people. The team is 
implementing tech-enabled solutions to handle all this scale going forward. But 
yes, in a nutshell, we have started this journey and improvement is quite 

 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
visible. At the same time, there will be much more improvement in the coming 
days as well.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: Secondly, we did this Wadgaon deal. What approvals have we got? And do we 
need any payment is remaining for that land deal? And is there any approval 
also pending to complete the transaction? And have we applied for building 
approvals for environmental or whatever approvals we need to do on that 
project? 
Atul Bohra: 
So, Himanshu, Wadgaon deal is a joint venture, joint development deal, 
wherein the deal is at a land stage, and we have started the process of approval. 
Even though some primary approvals we have got, few NOCs we have 
received, but still there are multiple approvals and multiple agencies are 
involved into it. But as I have to tell you or comment you on the Wadgaon 
approval procedure is already started and it is progressing well as per the plan 
activities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today, 
and I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged, and if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach Dipti 
Rajput at KPDL. Look forward to interacting with you for the next quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
