 
                                                                                                                              
 
Date: June 03, 2025 
 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot 
No. C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: PARKHOTELS  
ISIN No.: INE988S01028 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 544111  
ISIN No.: INE988S01028 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on the audited 
financial results of the Company for the fourth quarter (Q4) and financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025 
 
Respected Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference 
call held with the Investors and Analysts on Wednesday, May 28, 2025, with respect to the audited 
financial results of the Company for the fourth quarter (Q4) and financial year ended on March 31, 
2025. 
 
The 
transcript 
of 
the 
call 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.theparkhotels.com/investor-relations/financial-information.html.  
  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
Shalini Keshan 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
Membership No.: ACS-014897  
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
SHALINI 
KESHAN
Digitally signed 
by SHALINI 
KESHAN 
Date: 2025.06.03 
17:57:21 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited 
(ASPHL) 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 28, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference call of 
Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh of CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Apeejay Surrendra Park 
Hotel's Q4 & FY25 earnings conference call. We have with us Ms. Priya Paul – 
Chairperson; Mr. Vijay Dewan – Managing Director; Mr. Atul Khosla – SVP 
Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Mr. Rabindra Basu – 
Director, Investor Relations. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
Management followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. I would now like to 
invite Ms. Priya Paul to make her opening remarks. Thank you and over to you 
ma'am. 
Priya Paul: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the management team at Apeejay 
Surrendra Park Hotels, I would like to welcome you all to our earnings conference 
call. 
FY25 has truly been a defining year in our journey and this performance is a direct 
outcome of the passion and perseverance demonstrated by our outstanding 
teams across the country. Their commitment continues to drive our success and 
strengthen our leadership position in the upper-upscale segment of India's 
hospitality landscape. 
This year also marked a key inflection point in our luxury strategy with the 
successful launches of high-end properties, The Lotus Palace Chettinad, and Ran 
Bass The Palace at Patiala, which have further elevated our brand positioning in 
the upscale luxury segment. Both hotels have already won numerous awards and 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
accolades. In parallel, our teams have done a commendable job in advancing and 
securing new high-end projects, such as Juhu Mumbai and Kochi. There are other 
developments that are going to set to enhance our presence in strategic markets 
and contribute meaningfully in the near term. 
Our premium hospitality vision also extends beyond hotels to F&B, with Flurys 
now operating 102 outlets across formats. This growth reaffirms Flurys position 
as a beloved and scalable brand in India's evolving F&B landscape. The F&B 
landscape continues to be a strong differentiator for us, with signature 
restaurants and bars across our properties continuing to attract robust 
customers. We continue to invest in curating experiences and creating new 
concepts that reinforce The Park Hotel's positioning as a culinary destination.  
The hospitality industry is really well placed to benefit from growth in both 
domestic and international travel. And we at The Park Hotels and at Zone Hotels 
are strongly positioned across the country to capitalize on this momentum. 
Government initiatives are playing a crucial role in fostering sectoral growth with 
investments in infrastructure, airport expansion and tourism-led policies paving 
the way for long-term industry expansion.  
All our greenfield projects at Pune, Vishakhapatnam, Kolkata, Navi Mumbai are 
progressing well and are at advanced stages of permissions, etc. You will be 
hearing more of this in the near future as we harness the growth opportunities in 
India. 
With a portfolio of exceptional brands and a strong commitment to innovative 
hospitality services, we continue to maintain a distinct competitive edge. Our 
focus remains on sustainable growth through our clear position as a boutique 
luxury provider in the upper-upscale segment. Our vision of leadership through 
differentiation continues to be our guiding principle, setting us apart and 
reinforcing our unique value proposition across India. 
I am delighted that our Board has approved a maiden dividend of 50%, a 
reflection of our performance and our commitment to sharing our success with 
our partners. 
With this, I would like to hand over to Vijay Dewan – our Managing Director, who 
will take you through the detailed operational and financial highlights of Q4 FY25. 
Thank you. 
Vijay Dewan: 
Thank you, Ms. Paul. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all 
of you. We are absolutely delighted to have you with us on this earnings call. On 
behalf of my entire leadership team, I want to extend our sincere thanks for your 
unwavering support and belief in our journey ahead. Your confidence has 
powered our momentum and today we are excited to share not just results, but 
real progress. We are deeply committed to creating long-term value and build a 
business that makes us all proud. 
FY25 has been a standout year for Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels in terms of 
growth, progress, and success, made possible for the commitment and 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
dedication of our team. It gives me great pleasure to share that we close the year 
on a strong note, backed by consistent performance across both our hospitality 
and F&B verticals. Over the year, we deepened our presence in our key business 
markets, sustained leadership in occupancy and RevPAR, and advanced several 
growth initiatives across owned and asset-light portfolio. 
We have executed several key initiatives during the year laying a strong 
foundation for future growth. We opened two palace properties, The Lotus Palace 
Chettinad and Ran Bass, The Palace at Patiala, both of which marked our entry 
into the heritage luxury segment and have been received very positively by our 
guests. We also undertook widespread renovations across our portfolio, 
including the refurbishment of nearly 100 rooms and the successful relaunch of 
our four F&B venues. These efforts are already contributing to ARR upliftment 
and enhanced guest satisfaction.  
The Lotus Palace Chettinad recorded an ARR of 14,699 for the year and Ran Bass, 
The Palace Patiala recorded an occupancy of 42% with an ARR of 24,000 in Q4. 
The ARR at Ran Bass is likely to further go up as the hotel matures and stabilizes. 
Ran Bass, The Palace, effective February of 2025, is now a member of Relais & 
Chateaux, world's leading collection of 580 luxury hotels and fine dining 
restaurants. Membership, marketing, branding under Relais & Chateaux, as you 
know, means luxury positioning and luxury pricing. Both The Palace Hotels, as 
they stabilize in this year, will lead to higher ARR at the ASPHL level. 
Q4 FY25 has been the best-ever for us with revenue registering a strong double-
digit growth of 16.3% on a Y-to-Y basis and an operating EBITDA rising by 21% 
on a Y-to-Y basis. PAT grew by 44.1% reflecting strong demand trends across 
both business and leisure segments. We continue to retain our occupancy 
leadership, achieving India's highest occupancy of 92%, and maintain our 
position as a market leader in the upper-upscale segment. Our flagship properties 
in Calcutta achieved 100% occupancy, while Navi Mumbai and Chennai recorded 
strong momentum at 95% and 93%, respectively. New Delhi, Hyderabad, and 
Bangalore also performed well, each recording occupancy in the range of 91%. 
This consistent performance reflects our sharp focus on guest experience, 
operational excellence, and brand strength, reinforcing our leadership in RevPAR 
in the upper-upscale segment. Both ARR and RevPAR increased by 13% in Q4 on 
a year-to-year basis, reflecting strong growth across our portfolios. 
Growth in our Hotel business remains our primary goal and this will remain so. 
We have recently signed a binding MoU for the acquisition of 60 service 
apartments under Zillion Hotels and Resorts at Juhu in Mumbai. This has an 
acquisition cost of Rs. 209 crore for 90% of the stake. We expect to close this 
transaction by the end of July during the course of the year and we plan to 
convert these 60 service apartments into an 80-room hotel with a rooftop bar. 
This hotel is expected to open in July 2026 and will be positioned in the ultra-
luxury boutique hotel segment. Mumbai is India's strongest market in terms of 
ARR and opening of this hotel will add a minimum of Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 30 crore 
in the bottom-line in the full year of operation of the Company.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
We have also signed an MoU to acquire Malabar House at Fort Kochi, 17 rooms, 
and Purity Hotel, 14 rooms at Lake Vembanad. The Malabar House is also a Relais 
& Chateaux hotel with a high ARR. These transactions are expected to close by 
July this year. Since these are running hotels, they will immediately add to our 
revenue and EBITDA and the total cost for this acquisition is Rs. 60 crore payable 
in a structured deal of Rs. 22 crore in FY'26 and Rs. 38 crore in FY'27. In addition 
to these acquisitions, we plan to add another 206 keys on the asset light side of 
the model during the course of the year. The overall target on the asset light side 
of the model remains at 500 keys every year. 
As on March 31st, 2025, we have now 35 hotels with a total of 2,394 keys and our 
growth momentum continues in line with our multi-brand strategy. Our 
development pipeline remains robust and over the next five years, we aim to 
more than double our total key count to 5,403 keys, including 880 keys across 
our own projects in Pune, EM Bypass-Calcutta, Vizag, Navi Mumbai, and Jaipur. 
These projects are progressing as planned with permissions and preparatory 
work well underway. We expect to launch sales of 100 service apartments at 
Kolkata ahead of the festive season with expected annual cash generation of Rs. 
100 crore every year over the next three years. These developments are being 
executed on our in-house land banks enabling high capital efficiency and strong 
projected IRRs of 30% to 40%. Supported by healthy cash flows and apartment 
monetization, we expect to remain net cash positive throughout the development 
cycle, a key part of our business strategy. 
I am happy to inform that we have also received a credit rating upgrade of A+ 
Stable from ICRA earlier this year, further validating our disciplined capital 
management approach. 
Flurys, our iconic bakery and confectionery brand, crossed the 100-store 
milestone this year and currently operates 103 outlets with a growing presence 
across formats. During FY'25, we opened 25 new outlets, including launches in 
Mumbai, Indore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Bhubaneswar, and Siliguri. We are on track 
to reach 200 stores by 2027, the centenary year of Flurys, supported by a new 
central production facility planned in the NCR region designed to propel growth 
in the whole of North India. Moving forward, we plan to open more cafes which 
would be more profitable to our business. We continue to target industry-leading 
margins in Flurys and have set an annual target, a benchmark target actually of 
Rs. 1 crore for mature cafes and restaurants under the Flurys format. 
Coming back to our current financial performance on a full year basis, that is 
FY25. Consolidated net revenues grew by 9.1% Y-on-Y to Rs. 653 crore 
compared to Rs. 592 crore in FY24. EBITDA for the year stood at Rs. 226 crore, 
up from Rs. 205 crore in FY24. Profit before tax rose significantly to Rs. 148 crore 
marking a 67.1% Y-on-Y increase, while PAT stood at Rs. 84 crore, highest so far 
for our Company compared to Rs. 69 crore in the previous year. These results 
show the strength of our business model, robust customer demand, and a 
consistent focus on operational excellence. 
I would also like to once again highlight that the Board has approved the first ever 
dividend of 50% a milestone event in the company's history. This reflects the 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
strength of our balance sheet and the strong growth momentum which we have 
achieved and underscores our commitment to sharing our success. 
Finally, our long-term strategy continues to be guided by the 3G framework of 
Growth, Governance and Green. Sustainability remains embedded in our 
expansion plans with a focus on water conservation, carbon efficiency, and 
responsible waste management. I am pleased to announce that four of our hotels 
are now IGBC Green Certified. 
As we are in FY26, we do so with optimism and strong momentum. The business 
fundamentals remain solid, and our development pipeline is progressing well, 
and our strategic roadmap is supported by prudent capital structure and a 
disciplined execution. As I have highlighted in the previous call, we believe that 
the hospitality sector is entering a long-term super cycle and would unfold over 
the next decade. Additionally, segments like spiritual tourism, weddings, MICE, 
wildlife tourism will play a key role in the sector's expansion plan. In the last 
earning call, we have given guidance of sustained double-digit growth, and we 
delivered. For this year 25-26, we are now confident to deliver high-teen growth, 
both in terms of revenue as well in terms of EBITDA margin. 
Once again, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, our 
customers, our team members, well-wishers, friends, and business partners for 
their continued trust and belief in us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question comes from 
the line of Huseain Bharuchwala with Carnelian Capital.   
H. Bharuchwala: 
We acquired an asset in Mumbai, so just wanted to understand what's the 
rationale of acquiring an asset in Mumbai, - because we were never positioned in 
Mumbai and now entering into Mumbai market, so what is the long-term vision? 
What was the purpose of acquisition? Also, we were debt free, we almost turned 
debt free and now with this acquisition, how we see our balance sheet shaping 
up? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, the balance sheet, as you know, is firstly very, very strong. The Company is 
currently net cash positive. And we have at the moment mutual fund deposits of 
roughly Rs. 60 crore or so, Rs. 54 crore were there at the end of March and now 
they are ahead of Rs. 60 crore as of now. And I expect this to be at the Rs. 70 
crore mark by the end of June. Very critically, we have to understand that every 
year we are producing an EBITDA margin of over Rs. 200 crore. So, this should 
be relatively helping us in remaining positive. Yes, there may be some short-term 
requirement of funds which may happen during the course of the process.  
Bombay has been the missing link in our growth plan because it has always been 
our objective to be present in all metro cities of the country. And once we are 
there in Mumbai, it will create a much stronger network in terms of corporate 
business as well as in terms of leisure business. It will propel further; all the 
corporate transactions will further propel our ARR and our overall growth. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
H. Bharuchwala: 
So, is it an existing or running hotel which is currently there? What I understand 
is it's an old hotel which we have to revamp and restart. So, won't it take much 
time than we anticipate? What is your thought process on that? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So firstly, to explain this in detail, these are 60 service apartments which will be 
converted into roughly about 80 hotel rooms and it will be positioned not as 
service apartments but as an ultra-luxury boutique hotel in Juhu. So, what is 
going to happen as far as this transaction is concerned, we are supposed to pay 
only Rs. 160 crore during the course of the year for acquiring 76% of the stake. 
The balance Rs. 44 - Rs. 45 crore is actually going to be paid in the following year 
after about a year. So, the deal is being structured a Rs. 161 crore now and about 
Rs. 45 crore at the end of a year. What will happen is that with this structuring, it 
will help us in managing our cash flow. What is again very important is that this 
is an existing structure and we plan to upgrade this, renovate this, and it will take 
roughly about a year. So, we should be able to launch this hotel, as I mentioned 
in my remarks by July of next year and it'll definitely add about Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 
30 crore to our EBITDA in a full stabilized year of operation. Very critically here is 
that we have acquired this property and it has 60,000 square feet of built-up area 
in the prime location of Juhu. So, the acquisition cost is roughly below Rs. 40,000 
a square foot. In this area, it is important to note that most of the properties are 
selling north of 60,000. 60,000 is the minimum. In fact, good properties in this 
area are in the range of 80,000 to 1,00,000 square feet. And we have actually got 
a fantastic deal in the acquisition of Zillion Hotels and Resort. 
H. Bharuchwala: 
Okay, got it. And I just wanted to add one more point, so can you guide on the 
growth plans for next year, what type of rooms and hotels that we will add, what 
would be the keys that will be added for the next year, and how do you see the 
growth next year? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So firstly, I am going to only talk about the deals which are fully finalized. So, in 
the next year, as far as the openings are concerned, actually it's going to be, in 
terms of our own property, is going to be this property in Mumbai, which is going 
to open. But during the course of this year, in terms of our own property, we have 
two hotels opening, The Malabar Hotel in Fort Kochi and The Purity Hotel in 
Vembanad Lake which is 31 rooms together and it also has a houseboat. Both 
these properties, firstly the Malabar House, is part of the Relais & Chateaux 
collection of hotels and both the properties are high ARR projects and they are 
going to significantly help in further resetting our ARR at the level. During the 
course of this year on the asset-light side model, we have so far signed deals for 
206 keys, which should open in a phased-wise manner during the course of the 
year, with openings at Gangtok, Patna, Katra and another property in Kolkata, as 
well as Darjeeling. So, on the asset light side model, 206 rooms are going to open. 
And on the ownership side, we are going to have 31 rooms of Malabar House 
and Purity. And in addition to this, we have a nine-room lease acquisition at Casa 
Antonio, Goa, which is also expected to open by H2 of this year. So, a total of 246 
keys will open this year. And as I said, 70-80 rooms for the Juhu property and we 
remain committed to adding 500 rooms to our asset light model every year.  
Also, in terms of our development plans, they are all in place. Firstly, the work is 
about to start before the festive season this year at our property in Kolkata, which 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
has 250 rooms and about 70 service apartments. This, as we have explained 
earlier, is a 6 lakh square feet development of 3 lakh square feet for hotel and 3 
lakh square feet for the development of service apartments. And these service 
apartments are going to be sold in the market. And the selling process of these 
service apartments actually begins during this year and on a year-to-year basis, 
the sale of the apartments is going to bring in Rs. 100 crore of cash flow to our 
balance sheet. And this is also a very, very significant part of our growth plan.  
In terms of Pune, we are at the environmental clearance stage and once we get 
the clearance, hopefully by the end of this month, the construction work is about 
to start. And similarly at Visakhapatnam which is a 100-room expansion plan. We 
are at the CRZ permission stage, which is virtually being granted except for one 
or two queries. That also is expected by the end of this month. And there also we 
are ready to start construction and deliver the project on time.  
Similarly, I am very happy to report that there has been additional FSI now 
available for our property in Navi Mumbai. And instead of doing actually adding 
another 80 rooms, now we plan to add 180 rooms and with the kind of demand 
emerging in the Navi Mumbai area, we plan to make Navi Mumbai as a 250-room 
hotel going forward over the next four years. 
H. Bharuchwala: 
Got it sir, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund.  
Naitik Mutha: 
I just wanted to understand the service apartments in Kolkata that we are going 
to sell. Is there going to be any effect on our P&L for the same? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Service apartments, it is not going to impact the P&L at this stage, because when 
we sell the apartments, - firstly they are sold in stages in terms of the 
development of the apartments. This is a 6 lakh square feet development. 3 lakhs, 
as I explained, is kept for the development of the service apartments. Now service 
apartments in Calcutta or the rate in the area of EM Bypass is roughly around Rs. 
20,000 a square foot. And this on a three-year basis gives us a total revenue of 
Rs. 600 crore. EM Bypass Development of Service Apartments is a joint 
development agreement with the Ambuja Neotia Group on a 55%-45% revenue 
sharing basis, 55% accruing to us and 45% to the Ambuja Neotia Group with 
complete cost being born by the Ambuja Neotia Group. So, if you do overall math 
of this business, the sale of the apartments would be roughly Rs. 600 crore. So 
roughly Rs. 300 crore coming to us and roughly about Rs. 300 crore going to the 
Ambuja Group. The Rs. 300 crore which we get is going to be coming over a 
period of three years with Rs. 100 crore cash flow coming in each financial year. 
They will be booked once the service apartments are handed over to the buyers, 
then only they will be booked into the profit and loss statement, as per RERA 
guidelines. At the handover stage, it will impact the P&L, it will shoot up the P&L 
position. But as far as the cash flow is concerned, we would be getting Rs. 100 
crore every year.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Atul Khosla: 
And in FY29, we expect to add Rs. 200 plus crore due to the sale of the apartment 
in the profit. 300 minus about 80 for the sale of a land, 50% cost of the sale of a 
land. So expected addition to the profit will be about Rs. 200 plus crore in FY29. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Got it. My next question is, if you could give me the EBITDA margins actually 
made in Flurys for this year? 
Vijay Dewan: 
The Flurys business revenues during the quarter 4 grew by 34% and on a YTD 
basis Flurys’ business grew by 37%. And we have recorded an EBITDA margin 
of 12% in the Flurys business for this year. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Understood. And this will be without considering rent. So, rent would be below 
this 12%. 
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes, it will be below this. Absolutely, you are right. So Flurys' business is being 
currently operated, let me explain to you. We have 103 outlets with a very recent 
opening in the last few days in Gangtok. Actually, we were at 102 outlets as 
mentioned earlier. So, what happens is that out of the 100 outlets we have, about 
51% are in three outlets. 51% are in the kiosk format at the moment. And 10% is 
in the restaurant format. And the balance 39% is in the cafe format. Going 
forward, we plan to, as we understand this business better and this is the fastest 
business in the country, growing by about 19% to 20% on an annualized basis 
and we have understood this now that the cafe business is more profitable. So, 
we are going to be changing the mix of this business from higher kiosks to cafes 
as we go forward. And we will make all efforts to see that it becomes further 
profitable. The F&B business as we are seeing on an all-India basis, these margins 
which we are producing for this business remain industry leading margins. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Right. Is it possible to give the Pre-Ind AS margin number for full year for Flurys? 
Atul Khosla: 
Post rental the margin should be around 8% to 9%. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Go it. My next question is if you could give the number for management 
contracts, and the revenue that we have made for the full year 2025? 
Atul Khosla: 
Management contract for the year is Rs. 15 crore. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So important thing about the management side of the business, as Mr. Khosla 
mentioned, the business has grown from Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 15 crore. There has 
been a fantastic increase of 24% in this business. And this business is very crucial 
to us because it should have a flow through of about 70%. So far, we have 
achieved 64%-65% of flow through. So, as we move forward, this business will 
continue to grow at this rate or even a faster rate. And we will be further 
enhancing the flow through from this business. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Right. My last question is regarding the acquisition we did in Juhu. So, if you 
could give us the expected ARR, occupancy and revenue potential that we are 
expecting from this property, that would be very helpful. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
Vijay Dewan: 
So firstly, let's look at the Mumbai market. It is really short in supply in terms of 
rooms. For your information, the Mumbai market has only 16,100 rooms 
compared to Delhi which is also running short on supply. Delhi has about 16,200 
rooms. What is very important to note is that over the next five years in Mumbai, 
only 1,800 rooms are going to be coming into the city of Mumbai as per the last 
report of Hotelivate and also supported by the HTL industry report. So, Bombay 
is actually going to have very, very limited supply. And more importantly, there 
is virtually no supply coming in into this area of Juhu. No supply is expected in 
the Juhu area over the next five years. Bombay operates in various micro markets 
and Juhu ARRs at the moment are in the range of 20,000 to 25,000. So one year 
down the line, we also expect and with no supply coming in and particularly the 
1,800 rooms are coming outside the Juhu area, we expect our ARRs to be in a 
similar range of 20% to 25%. And Park's biggest advantage is that it never falters 
in terms of its occupancy. We have always achieved for all our hotels consistently 
over the last 10 years, over 90% occupancy and with this huge demand supply 
imbalance and specifically in the Juhu area, we expect very high occupancy and 
very high ARRs. That is why we are confident of delivering Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 34 
crore in terms of the EBITDA margin.  
We are also very strong in managing nightclubs and bars and this hotel is going 
to have a fantastic rooftop bar, and this bar is going to be overlooking from the 
rooftop. One could see the sea, it's going to make a very big difference to the top-
line of this hotel. And one of our biggest strengths of ours is in running nightclubs 
and bars, apart from having India's leading occupancy. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Thanks. So is there any kind of number in terms of revenue that we are looking 
at? I understand that Rs. 25 crore-Rs. 30 crore in terms of bottom line would be 
expecting this new acquisition would add to us? 
Vijay Dewan: 
 So, Bombay, very clearly because of higher ARR, I am expecting that the margin 
in this would be around the 45% mark. So roughly about Rs. 70 crore to Rs. 80 
crore should be the top-line which we have planned and consistently growing 
there on. 
Naitik Mutha: 
And sir, if I look at your next year's sort of guidance, double digit revenue 
guidance, most of it, is it safe to assume, most of it is going to come from ARR 
growth only? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, firstly in the last quarter, I specifically made this guidance that we will achieve 
double digit growth. And we have actually exceeded expectations by giving us 
16% growth on the topline in Q4. We expect not only double-digit growth, as I 
mentioned, it's going to be high teen double-digit growth, both on the revenue 
side as well as on the EBITDA side, and we are very, very confident about it.  
But let me also give a slight amount of caution that it is going to be at a YTD basis 
we will achieve this high teen growth. There is a certain amount of pressure which 
is in Q1 of this year, but for reasons which are related to geopolitical tensions in 
the month of April. And our successful war against Pakistan in May and we are 
proud that we could defeat them. But that has had some sort of an impact on the 
growth. But the most important thing is that despite some sort of disruption in 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
the North, we continue to be at the double-digit mark. So, at the moment, at the 
end of May, I am happy to report that our growth rate continues to be 12% at the 
moment. And we expect further improvement in our business in the month of 
June. So there has been a little bit of pressure in the month of May, but that is 
because of geopolitical reasons, but everything is back in line, and we expect 
good results in the quarter. But I am very confident to deliver on a YTD basis, 
high teen double digit growth, which will come from the hotel side as well as the 
growth in our Flurys business. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Got it, that’s very helpful.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital.  
Archana Gude: 
Congratulations to the management team for a very good set of Q4 and FY25 
earnings. So, I have two questions. Firstly, on the topline, you spoke about maybe 
the higher teens growth for FY26. With these kinds of numbers, what kind of 
sustainable operating margins we should consider for FY26 given that on YOY 
the margins are slightly subdued for FY25. But since the new hotels what we open 
in FY25 should have higher RevPAR than the last year and that should reflect in 
the better operating margins for FY26? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Firstly, thank you, Archana, for this great question and thank you for being with 
us over the year. The important part is that firstly, you mentioned that there has 
been a slight reduction in our EBITDA margin by roughly about a percent. But 
don't forget that this always happens when you launch new properties and you 
launch so many outlets of bakery and confectionery and cafes. So, these two 
launches are very premium luxury segment launches, which will pay high 
dividends as we go along, as these properties mature and stabilize. So there have 
been launch costs, there have been advertising costs. So, for that reason, 
primarily, we can say that there has been a slight reduction in the operating 
margin. But as we go forward, I am very confident that not only will we deliver 
high teen growth on the revenue side as well as on the EBITDA side, but we will 
be working to improving our margins from at least 100 to 200 basis point, setting 
aside the 1% dip which we have had in Q4. 
Archana Gude: 
Right, sir. On this Flurys, a very robust guidance of adding 50 new outlets in FY 
26 and taking the number to 150 plus and that is very, encouraging. Just on the 
margin side, - 12% what we achieved in FY25. I am sure, with this focus of shifting 
the more number to cafes from kiosks that will add to your margin expansion. 
Plus, how do we envisage this number, 12% taking to 15% let us say 2 to 3 years 
down the line? Because I think that's a very big lever for us as a Company in terms 
of earnings growth as well as the Company's value creation for the shareholders. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that our first objective as we have 
understood, of course, and as we plan, our first objective is to see how we get to 
at least Rs. 1 crore per store. Currently, if we look at the overall average, we are 
roughly about Rs. 65 lakhs per store. And why is it Rs. 65 lakhs per store, - it's 
because of the mix of the stores we have. So, if we were to take this first towards 
more cafes and more restaurants, but primarily more cafes, we would be hitting 
that target. So that will take us to a faster revenue growth model. In terms, and 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
also the margins as we have seen, because of high revenues in the cafes, actually 
the costs are well distributed. And as a result of this, the margins are going to 
improve. So, firstly the shift from kiosk to cafe is going to help in terms of 
improving the revenue and with the improvement of the revenue, the 
improvement of the margin.  
And second is of course, as we stabilize and as we mature, we will be constantly 
working to improve the efficiencies. This business also has a certain amount of 
wastages, which are a lot of effort is now underway to reduce any kind of wastage 
and reduction in wastages will also lead to improvement of margin. 
Archana Gude: 
Right sir, well said. And lastly, if I can ask on a book-keeping question on the 
CAPEX. So, with this new acquisition plan for this FY26 and the capital 
expenditure for Flurys and the existing hotels, what kind of CAPEX amount we 
should consider for FY26? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Around roughly about Rs. 300 crore, but Atul will share with you the greater 
details of this. 
Atul Khosla: 
See in case of Zillion we are putting a CAPEX of Rs. 166 crore which is the first 
tranche. The normal CAPEX is around Rs. 40 crore and Flurys is about Rs. 25 
crore. So, about Rs. 65 crore for this, so Rs. 65 crore and Rs. 160 crore is about 
225 and another Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 100 crore will be on the project so around Rs. 
300 crore-Rs. 320 crore that is the normal spend which is spent for the CAPEX 
this year. And out of which we have a mutual fund balance of at present about 
Rs. 65 crore. And plus, last year EBITDA was 225 and this year even if we put 
some high teen growth also, so it will be, I don't want to place a number on that, 
but it will be about two high teen to around growth over the last year. So, you 
will see that it's fully covered in terms of financing. But we will be taking, keeping 
as a matter of precaution, we will be keeping a line of credit available. 
Archana Gude: 
Sure, that was helpful. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Limited.  
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sir, firstly thanks for clarifying the war related impact in May. Anything, you know, 
with this recent virus led news, any cancellation, or any impact we are witnessing 
around that front? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Could you repeat the question? 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sir, I was saying that initially, as the last participant asked, you clarified the impact 
of war led, whatever you did talk about that growth in May is a little slower than 
it was earlier expected. Any impact you're saying in terms of, this virus led news, 
which is going that, the new variant, a couple of new variants of COVID, any kind 
of a cancellation or any impact we are seeing on that front? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So far it has not impacted. It's not impacted the airline business, and it has not 
impacted our business. But let me again tell you that as far as our hotel Company 
is concerned, we have gone through a crisis in both '21 and '22 and during the 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
COVID period also. Our objective was to give the best performance, and we had 
India's highest occupancy of 67% in year one of COVID and 72% in year two of 
COVID. So even if things were not to be at the best, we would deliver the best 
results. But at the moment there is no impact, and we hope that it'll have 
absolutely no impact because this is a variant and it's not an alarming situation. 
It's not being declared as an alarming virus so far. Yes, this will keep coming back. 
It came back in between also and it did not impact our business. I do not expect, 
or I cannot predict this on the whole, but as of now, I am not seeing that it's going 
to have an impact. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sure, sir. My second question is you did clarify on this Juhu Hotel. I think maybe 
I missed it, but you did talk about that the bottom-line is going to be north of 20% 
for this hotel during the normalized operation. So, which means roughly, the 
acquisition is at single digit EV/EBITDA on a full year basis once it's fully 
operational. Is that understanding, correct? And just to follow up to that, our 
portfolio is pretty diversified across market and now we are entering heavily into 
Mumbai also. So why do we think we should be available in all markets than just 
focusing on a couple of our core markets where we have more advantage? I am 
just trying to understand why we are trying to be more and more diversified. 
Atul Khosla: 
In terms of as you said, we expect about Rs. 25 crore of the EBITDA in case of 
Zillion. So Rs. 25 crore EBITDA roughly and what you are saying in terms of 
multiples is correct of being at single digit of about 8 to 9 is the multiple of the 
acquisition. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, the acquisition is being looked at both from the multiple point of view as well 
as we had to enter the city of Mumbai. So as far as the multiple is concerned, it 
is well in place. Actually, there is a good opportunity. I feel that once we have 
positioned it in the ultra-luxury segment and with virtually no supply coming in 
the Juhu area, there is no reason why this hotel will not give us roughly about Rs. 
30 crore in terms of EBITDA. And that will fully justify our entry. And then don't 
forget that once you have entered the city of Mumbai and we have this entire 
metro city presence across all the six major metros, these are the key growth 
markets in the country. And this hotel at Juhu is also going to help the corporate 
tie-ups and it will also help in terms of increasing ARRs further for the growth. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Just one final book-keeping question, - you did explain that Rs. 300 crore would 
be the CAPEX for FY26, is it possible to give us some rough idea about FY27 and 
FY28 also and how much would be maybe maintenance versus expansion 
CAPEX?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, on an overall basis, I think over the next five years, the CAPEX plan is roughly 
in the range of around Rs. 1,700 crore to Rs. 1,800 crore depending upon existing 
and future acquisitions, but Atul will give you the breakups in greater detail. 
Atul Khosla: 
So, we expect about 850 keys to be added at the rate of a Rs. 1.2 crore per annum 
So roughly about Rs. 1,100 crore with the construction cost you can see. These 
are for the Pune I am assuming; Pune 200 rooms, Mumbai 250 rooms, Vizag 100 
rooms, EM Bypass 250 room, and Jaipur 150 room. So, these are the CAPEX. Out 
of which, we will have from sale of proceeds of, cash flow proceeds of EM Bypass 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
– Rs. 300 crore come back. So, we have about Rs. 800 crore as the Greenfield 
project cost. In addition to this, we have Zillion about Rs. 210 is the total cost, 
plus renovation about Rs. 50 crore so 250 to 260 is the Zillion cost for Mumbai 
and Kochi is another 60, so another 310 gets added. So plus, we have an 
operation CAPEX of 40 crore per annum which is about 200 and Flurys addition 
we expect in five years 200, so overall CAPEX comes to about Rs. 1,600 core.  
We expect an EBITDA on an average basis if I take is about Rs. 250 crore for five 
years which will cover about Rs. 1,250 crore. Now Rs. 300 crore will be financed 
through some lines of credit or the internal surpluses. I have not assumed further 
growth in EBITDA but in addition to this an important point is that as Pune gets 
operational and in Financial Year '27-'28 and EM Bypass post next year, FY29, 
Vizag FY28-'29 it will be again 6 months of operations. These hotels will have a 
revenue with an  expected total revenue of about Rs. 500 crore in addition to the 
revenue, plus Pune will do Rs. 100 crore, EM Bypass is expected to do Rs. 125 
crore plus. Navi Mumbai if it gets in FY30 it should also do Rs. 125 crore plus 
revenue. Vizag will do about Rs. 75 crore revenue. And Jaipur another Rs. 80 
crore revenue. Since this addition on a year-on-year basis, this Rs. 520 crore to 
Rs. 550 crore will also add another 45% of EBITDA margin because all- these new 
additions in the market are in the prime locations and as per the industry experts 
like the HTL expectation is ARRs in all these areas at present due to demand 
supply drag and the repositioning of the markets is about 10k plus is the ARR 
average. So I don't expect that we will remain net-debt surplus only. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Okay, thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from line of Vaibhav Muley from Yes Securities.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. I had a few questions on your broad 
strategy. So, we have recently acquired some of the smaller properties in leisure 
segment including two properties in Kochi and one in Goa. So, I just wanted to 
understand the rationale behind this given our major presence is into metro and 
Tier-one cities and we have limited presence into leisure. So why have we gone 
for a smaller scale properties where the operating leverage benefits are also 
limited and going forward are we expecting to do such smaller acquisitions in the 
future and that too on the leisure side? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So presently we are well positioned in the metro city as well as in the business 
cities across India. So, the missing link for us was being present in leisure 
destinations. Currently, we are operating hotels in the leisure destinations also, 
but under the asset light side of the model. Roughly in Goa itself, we have about 
120 odd keys on the asset light side of the model. And this is a 100-year-old Casa 
Antonio which we are going to take under lease, is a 100-year-old Portuguese 
Villa which has nine keys and it's going to be very unique and very special. It is in 
Anjuna beach and very close to Purple Martini, one of the famous bars in Goa. 
So, this will be our first presence in Goa on the lease side of the model.  
And there is again very high potential in the leisure markets in India. Leisure 
business has a higher demand supply mismatch at the moment in India over the 
next five years. If you were to look at the overall demand-supply mismatch in the 
country, demand is expected to grow at 10.6% and supply is expected to grow 
at about 8%. But the critical thing is to see how this is in the top eight cities as 
well as in the leisure destinations. So, the leisure destinations has a higher 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
demand-supply mismatch of about 400 basis point. So, we feel it is the right time 
to enter the leisure markets.  
Also, we have got these two properties which are in Cochin. Firstly, it further 
strengthens our position in the South. It creates a fantastic circuit for us in the 
South, being presence in Hyderabad, Bangalore, as well as being present in 
Chennai and Coimbatore. So, it really strengthens our position as a brand in the 
South, both in the leisure now as well as the business segment. So, the overall 
idea is to have hotels across not only in the business destination, but overall 
strategy is to have a pan India presence. So, it's also part of that overall strategy. 
So, we want to, we are a leading player in the business segment at the moment, 
but we also want to become a strong and very differentiated player in the leisure 
segment in these destinations as we move forward. That's also part of our 
strategy. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Great sir, just a follow up on this, what kind of ARRs do you expect for your 
Cochin properties and Goa property and the margins that these properties are 
expected to generate?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, margins in leisure destinations because these are going to be; -  firstly, the 
Malabar House if you were to look at it, it's a fantastic property in Fort Kochi and 
the first thing is that it is a Relais & Chateaux Hotel. And Relais & Chateaux Hotels 
always, in terms of ARR, enjoy a premium than any other hotel in the city where 
they are. So, this hotel has been doing ARRs in the range of 20,000. And in fact, 
the Purity Hotel, which has 14 rooms, is in fact even better positioned in the 
Vembanad lake. So as we get control and our management takes over, I am 
expecting firstly to retain these ARRs and then push them up further. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Got it. And lastly, on your management contract side, you have already given 
guidance for 206 keys to be added in FY26, but which is lower than your annual 
guidance of 500 keys to be added each year. So how do you plan to fill this gap, 
or should we expect a higher number of additions in FY27? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, it's a good question. We have just entered '25-'26. And these are the current 
deals which we have, which are fully, and these are signed HMAs, that is Hotel 
Management Agreement. There are many hotels which are in the pipeline. There 
are hotels in the North, there are more hotels in the pipeline in Goa, there are 
hotels in South India as well, there are hotels which are under negotiation. So, 
the target to deliver to our shareholders and investors remains 500 and we are 
very confident that we should be able to deliver numbers in and around that. So, 
500 is the YTD target. Currently 206 are guaranteed to open as we sit in Quarter 
1. There is no reason why more hotels are not going to be ready and taken over 
- some will get de-flagged from other brands, and we will take over, and there's 
no reason that we should not be able to do close to 500. 500 is the overall mark. 
So, the strategy at the moment over the next 4 to 5 years is that currently we 
have about 999 keys, so let's says 1,000 keys at the moment in the asset-light side 
of the model. We plan to take it to 3,000 keys over the next five years. So, there's 
a full effort, there's a full development team which is working on this. And their 
target is to deliver 500 and 600 rooms during the course of the year. 200 is signed 
and done deals as of now. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Perfect sir. Thank you so much for answering the question and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Anuj Kashyap with A3 Capital.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. What is the average time taken by 
a Flurys cafe to mature? And what is the sales growth of a mature cafe? Could 
you share that number please? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, the average time, we actually are very prudent. We are also very firstly 
focused in terms of the selection of the outlets. We are very careful as to where 
we are opening the outlets, what kind of rentals we are ready to pay in terms of 
the locations, the locations are hand-picked, - like we have opened in Colaba at 
The Sea Palace Hotel, which is a prime location. Then we have opened, say in 
BKC in the Crescenzo building, which is also a prime location. Likewise, we have 
opened in Malad in the Inorbit Mall. And similarly, we open now at the airports in 
both T1 and T2. So, in T2, we are present at the moment in Food Court, which is 
a very big outlet of ours. And then we have just opened in T1, in the T1 arrival 
Food Court. And if you are from Bombay and if you are arriving at T1, and if you 
go to the T1, it is one of the most fantastic outlets again we have opened in 
Mumbai. So, the selection of the outlet is very important. These outlets do 
stabilize in 3 to 4 months' time only. Some outlets take about six months to 
stabilize. The only thing is that when we are launching an outlet, yes, there are 
additional promotional costs, advertising costs; but they do stabilize roughly in 
about 4 to 6 month’s time. 
Anuj Kashyap: 
And what is the sales growth number of a mature store? 
Vijay Dewan: 
I will give you those details. So, Mumbai is the market which we have just entered. 
But in Calcutta, where we are having 67 outlets, we are having the same store 
growth of roughly in the range of 9% to 11%. So, on an average of about 10% 
we have achieved, which is very significant. And this is consistent, post-COVID 
we are seeing 9 to 11% consistence in same store growth. The reason is - its 
largely dependent on the kind of products we have and the kind of service and 
the kind of design. So there have been branding changes, packaging changes, 
and design changes as we are going along, and all this is helping in same store’s 
growth.  
Also, there is a lot of focus which we are now having not only on the 
confectionary section, but also on the cafe, i.e the coffee side of the business. We 
have launched Flurys tea  under our own brand, and we have also launched 
Flurys Coffee. I would request you, urge you to try out our new Flurys brand of 
coffee. It will really surprise you in terms of the aroma, the taste, and the energy 
which it will sort of give you. So, it's absolutely fantastic. The beans are very 
carefully selected, particularly the Flurys coffee, gold beans are really special. The 
coffee and tea business is now 19% of our business in the city of Bombay. And 
that is making a difference. I would be able to give you same store growth 
numbers for Mumbai since we just entered just less than a year ago or a year and 
a half ago. We will be able to share with you possibly in the next earnings call. 
But in Calcutta where the outlets have matured, the earnings growth, the same 
store growth is in the range of 9% to 11%. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Anuj Kashyap: 
Thank you. Just for your information, I have tried Flurys tea, I have not tried the 
coffee yet. Congratulations and best of luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Kaswan with RRR Investments.  
Dhiraj Kaswan: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. My first question would be that as we 
are seeing on the global scenario and the Indian scenario also that most of the 
biggest hotel brands in the world like Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt, all of these are 
like the main growth driver for them is the loyalty program that they offer. Like 
you go anywhere in the world, one will find a Marriott or Hilton. So, most of the 
clients like to stay at their hotels for the reward points. And even in the Indian 
scenario, there's ITC, there's Indian hotels, which offers loyalty points. So, I 
wanted to understand that how are our loyalty programs of the Park performing. 
Like how much of our bookings happen from our loyal clients from our own 
website? If you have a number for that? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So the Park also has a loyalty program and in this loyalty program we are very 
close to two lakh members at the moment. It's called the Park Preferred Program. 
So actually, to be precise, we have at the moment 1,95,000 members. And this is 
very-very critical to us and the market mix, so it is divided into three categories 
or three tiers of memberships we have. 
Dhiraj Kaswan: 
Yes, I understand it's the gold, diamond, and other black memberships. I wanted 
to understand how much of our bookings happened from our loyalty program. 
Like there are third party websites where most of the bookings happen in India. 
But I want to know what our mix of bookings is. Like 60%, 80% of the bookings 
happen from our website? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, so the booking breakdown is firstly like this. 3% of our business is actually 
coming through our brand website at the moment. That is for the year which has 
gone by and roughly about 49% of our business is coming through online travel 
agents and the balance is through our own sources. 
Dhiraj Kaswan: 
Okay, that's great. And I want to understand that we are majorly focusing on Tier-
1 cities, but if we see that in the past year also, most of the hotel deals that are 
happening in the country are happening in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities where most 
people are moving towards traveling in new areas. So, like what is our strategy 
for that? Like we are not very aggressive about it. We are mostly doing heavy 
CAPEX in the metro cities for expanding the keys. But the regional play is getting 
a lot of momentum right now. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, you are absolutely right that India today is very strongly emerging in 
hospitality business, is strongly emerging in Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns. So, most of 
our asset light expansion is taking place in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. We have two 
brands at the moment in that category, Zone by The Park and Zone Connect by 
The Park. And the Zone brand of ours is a strong social catalyst brand which is 
made for young contemporary Indians, who want to stay in contemporary 
boutique hotels at an affordable price. So, we have seen and also it is a brand 
which understands the contemporary global customer. It is always well 
connected. It is vibrant, energetic, and it is always buzzing. It is a place which is 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
to be seen. So, we have this brand which is there for Tier-2 and Tier-3. And as we 
get the right opportunity, we will invest in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. So, this is a 
social catalyst brand which is for the design conscious and the value conscious 
customers. It's beautifully designed. It's designed largely in-house with the 
contribution of our chairperson. And of course we have Project Orange 
supporting the design work from London. 
Dhiraj Kaswan: 
Okay. Another question would be that when the IPO was released, we used most 
of our debt from the IPO money and right now we are mostly a debt free 
Company only and the debt-to-equity ratio is way too low. So, my question is 
why are we not leveraging ourselves right now? Like most of the companies in 
the hotel space right now are like taking more and more debt for higher ARR 
projects and expanding very aggressively. But we are taking a more slow stance 
in debt. We have a very strong balance sheet on our books. The equity portion is 
high, but we are not taking a lot of debt to expand more. 
Vijay Dewan: 
Firstly, I will ask Atul to give you a detailed answer on this. My own take is that 
we have to, of course, get the property at the right price and we have to be 
conscious of giving the right return to our shareholders. Property prices are at 
the highest and at the moment and we have to be very careful in the selection of 
the property. Ideally for our hotel to do exceptionally well in terms of its EBITDA 
numbers, it's very important that the cost of acquisition of the land should not 
exceed in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities more than 20%. And typically, in metro cities 
around maybe 25% to 30%. So, we are looking for support here from the 
Government to give us infrastructure status, give us increased FSI when we are 
able to bring in investments. But the project, according to me, has to be first 
viable. And the cost of the land has to be within the parameters of setting out 
there. The moment we will get a good deal, we will certainly be investing. 
Atul Khosla: 
So, I would further like to add on this that we are evaluating opportunities 
constantly. We have repaid all our debt post IPO. So, at present, we can leverage 
it, but we have projects on hand and as we explained to you, we have about Rs. 
1,500 crore of CAPEX, including the recent acquisition. So that much Rs. 15 crore 
to Rs. 16 crore of acquisitions and project financing, which will be rooted through 
internal accruals as well as some line of credit which will be Rs. 200 crore of it 
roughly a line of credit, but we are in a growing phase with EBITDA of roughly 
Rs. 250 crore per annum. So that is self-financing fund.  
Second is, the new projects as they kick in from FY28, FY29 and FY30 they will 
add in about Rs. 525 crore of topline with further addition of about 45% of EBITDA 
which also gives us further cash flow. So, at present that is another thing.  
Third thing is we have set up an internal target, if required, will be evaluating the 
opportunity for growth like we had done in Zillion, but we would like to be within 
a debt by EBITDA of 2 which is a viable and a bankable opportunity, like let's say 
Zillion, if we said it's like 8 to 9 forward EBITDA multiple. So that kind of 
opportunity we are looking. If we get an opportunity, we will be leveraging, but 
with a debt by EBITDA or ratio of up to 2. And I think with sufficient EBITDA 
margins of Rs. 250 crore plus, we do have sufficient ground for acquisitions. So 
that is here, we will grow. But the opportunity has to be there in the growing 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
market, you have to be very sure. We will not go overboard in terms of acquisition 
costs; we are very conscious of that factor. 
Dhiraj Kaswan: 
Yes, exactly that. We have a strong income statement, strong balance sheet - we 
are covering most of our interest expense, we have a lot of room to get into more 
opportunities as it will be arising. So, I think you will be working towards that. All 
the best for the future and thanks for answering the question. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Vaibhav Mule from Yes Securities.  
Vaibhav Mule: 
I just had a follow up on Flurys. Can you just again share the average revenue 
rate and how many of your current out of 103 stores that you have, how many 
are doing more than one crore near one crore revenue as of now? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So roughly at the moment more than one crore is just about four stores. The rest 
are in the average range of 50 lakhs plus. That's how the breakup is at the 
moment, but there is one store which we have which is at Park Street in Calcutta, 
this store first is from where Flurys started in 1927, this store does revenues of 
about Rs. 12 crore in a year. 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Okay, understood. So how many of the current portfolio do you expect over next 
one year to cross or get near the one crore mark? 
Vijay Dewan: 
See, at the moment, we have only a limited number of cafes. A large number of 
stores are in the kiosk format. So, it is the cafe format which can be looked at and 
pushed upward. So, it will be about 20 odd of them we are working on, and we 
expect to convert them moving up from 50 lakhs to 60 lakhs to how to make them 
go up to about a crore. 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Got it. And any kiosks that you have shut down or any cafes that have shut down 
underperforming ones in the last year? 
Vijay Dewan: 
I follow a very stringent policy. If we fail fast, we need to kill fast. But so far, we 
have been able to shut about three of our stores. And we constantly keep 
evaluating it. And as and when we feel that a store is not performing, we definitely 
take a quick decision and make an exit out of it. 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Got it and the guidance remains for 300 stores by 2027, right? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, for 2027 it is our centenary year. We plan to add 50 stores every year, so our 
guidance for '27 is 200 stores. 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Okay and by when are you planning to get to 300? 50 stores each will continue 
for the next 4-5 years? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, it will continue as we keep moving forward. The challenge of course is that 
being an Indian brand to bring it at level with any international competitor. So, if 
you were to look at Starbucks, they tend to open much more stores. So, we need 
to beat them at the game. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q4 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Right. And revenue targets for FY27 if you have any? 
Vijay Dewan: 
For Flurys, currently the target is around Rs. 90 crore. But budgeting, the result 
of course is very at variance with the, budgets are always aggressive. So, but I 
expect somewhere between Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 90 crore for sure for Flurys 
business. 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Perfect sir. 
Vijay Dewan: 
The team may actually surprise us by giving us even Rs. 100 crore. We were 
always pushing for that but let's see. 
Vaibhav Mule: 
Great sir, understood. Thank you so much for answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, from my side, I'd like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing 
interest in our brand and in our Company, Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels. I hope 
we have been able to answer all your questions. And should you need any further 
clarification, or would you like to know more about our company, absolutely be 
free to reach out to us or to Rabindra Basu – our Director in Investor Relations or 
to CDR India and we are all open for that. And thank you so much for taking time 
to join the call and see you all at the next quarter. 
Priya Paul: 
Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. 
While the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors. Efforts have been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy, and any figures that may have been inadvertently mentioned have 
been reviewed and corrected as necessary. 
 
