 
restaurant brands asia limited 
 (Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office: 2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, Plot No. D-8., Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093 
CIN : L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.:  Investor/ Analyst Call Transcript  
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Investor/ Analyst call held on May 19, 2025 at 05:30 p.m. IST w.r.t. the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2025. 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking.in 
 
You are requested to take note of the same and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
(Formerly Known as Burger King India Limited)  
 
 
 
 
Shweta Mayekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A23786) 
Encl.: As above 
SHWETA SUNIL 
MAYEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA SUNIL MAYEKAR 
Date: 2025.05.21 16:47:48 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Restaurant Brands Asia Limited Q4 & FY ‘2025 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
 
MR. GAURAV AJJAN – HEAD, CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MR. KAPIL GROVER – GROUP CHIEF MARKETING 
OFFICER 
 
MR. SANDEEP DEY – BRAND PRESIDENT, INDONESIA 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVEEN TRIVEDI – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICE LIMITED 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Restaurant Brands Asia Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Service Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Service Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Yes, thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal, I am Naveen Trivedi, 
would like to welcome you all to the Restaurant Brands Asia's 4Q FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
 
From the management, today we have Mr. Rajeev Varman – Whole-Time Director and Group 
CEO; Mr. Sumit Zaveri – Group CFO and Chief Business Officer; Mr. Gaurav Ajjan – Head 
Corporate Development and IR; Mr. Kapil Grover – Group CMO; Mr. Sandeep Dey – Brand 
President, Indonesia; and Ms. Cicily Thomas – Brand President, India. 
 
I would now hand over the call to the Management for the Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining the call. We will make this call very quick so 
that you have enough time for Q&A. I just will take a couple of minutes to walk you through the 
priorities of Burger King business here in India and then what are our priorities for the business 
in Indonesia. 
 
So, as we have been speaking in the last few calls, our priorities did not change, and they kind 
of continue in the steadfast in our way to get more traffic into our restaurants. So, the first pillar 
that we talk about every time is about traffic, traffic, traffic. And this year that we just ended 
was no different than the previous year, as we continue to drive more traffic into our restaurants. 
And that has been one of the key focuses is to get more people into the restaurant. And as we 
are seeing, more and more people are coming back into the restaurants to actually experience 
the brand within the four walls.  
 
So, we saw dine-in traffic growth of about 9%, this is on top of our value campaign that we have 
started. So, the previous year we had done a value campaign on the Rs. 99 combo or the meal, 
Crispy Veg Meal. And then this last year we did a two for Rs. 79 and two for Rs. 99 Crispy Veg 
and Crispy Chicken. So, the first campaign which is Rs. 99 value combo, we drove about 5.2% 
traffic into our restaurants in dine-in. And then this last year, with the two-for campaign, we 
drove another 9% on top of the 5.2%. So, that continues to work well. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
We also continue to build our Cafe pillar. In fact, today we have 90% of our restaurants at cafes, 
that's up from where we were in the previous year at 77%. So, we have pretty much put cafe into 
every restaurant that we wanted to put Cafe. So that's continuing to build that pillar as well. The 
third pillar that you will see that we have been actually doing for the last couple of years, but 
you will see an additional focus, a rigorous focus in this coming year is on the innovation. And 
we will continue to build that pillar as well for the next few years driving through value, driving 
through our Cafe business, and then driving for innovation. 
 
The second pillar which is a Digital First Brand, this is a pillar where we continue to digitize 
both consumer facing as well as employee facing all processes into digitization. So, 90% of our 
restaurants now have self-ordering kiosks and table ordering. So, literally everywhere that this 
was possible to do, we have completed doing that, and all future restaurants will continue to 
have self-ordering kiosks. So that's a very speedy implementation of the self-ordering kiosks.  
 
Also, the app business that we started a few years ago, now this will be the third year in the 
running we have started building on it. The number of transactions that we are doing on the app 
is 3x what we were doing in the previous year. So that one has moved really well, and we really 
believe that this is a strong business for us in the future. So that's the second item in the Digital 
First Brand. 
 
And then last time I told you about profitability focus, that is to be fully focused on profitability 
on delivery business, that we have moved that profitability by 1% in this year over FY '24, and 
we continue to kind of drive that piece this year as well and you will see those initiatives come 
through this year.  
 
The second piece that we wanted to and we have communicated to you in the past is about 
efficiency and our P&L efficiency driving more EBITDA out of our restaurants. We have done 
that as well. So if you just take the restaurants that we have opened last couple of years, which 
really do not have history behind them or basically new restaurants and look at all the restaurants, 
we have prior to that which is FY '23 and before, we moved the profitability of those restaurants 
by 1.7% on our P&L.  
 
So, these focus, focus on delivery profitability, running a profitable delivery business, more 
profitable delivery business, and then also trying bringing an efficiencies on our P&L, these will 
continue as well. So, growing traffic in the restaurant through the value leadership, Cafe and 
innovation, Digital First Brand, through digital SOKs and table ordering, QR code ordering, and 
then through our app that we are building up, and then profitability focus on profitability within 
the restaurant which is a four walls efficiency that we bring into a P&L, and our delivery 
profitability.  
 
So just coming to the Indonesia business, and Sandeep will talk more about that business. By 
the way, right after my two minutes, I am going to transfer it over to Sumit Zaveri who will walk 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
you through all the numbers. I am not sharing a lot of numbers because he's going to share those 
numbers with you. 
 
Now, on the Indonesia business, we spoke about three things, right, three buckets that we had. 
One was to bring in sales, right, to grow back sales post the geopolitical headwinds, and bring 
more business back into our restaurants. We have seen some good recent, if you look at our 
business from November till April, we have pushed up our dine-in ADS by 10%, so things are 
changing there. And it's not just the Burger King business, if you look at the competition over 
there, the market in general is now turning, I think the bottom is over and everyone's on the 
climb back to what numbers they used to have pre-geopolitical issues there.  
 
So good green shoots. Very early time. There's a long road ahead, so I don’t want people to jump 
to conclusions, but we have now seen a turnaround as we saw this dine-in ADS come back into 
our business. 
 
The second piece that we keep talking about is rationalizing our restaurant portfolio there. We 
continue to do that. We had closed 24 restaurants previous, now we have closed another eight. 
So, there's a total of 36 restaurants that we have rationalized. And maybe this year we will look 
at a few more that are on a pipeline to potentially close. If we are not able to get some good deals 
on leases and so forth on those, we will look at rationalizing those as well. So that was the second 
bucket wherein we are rationalizing cleaning up the portfolio. 
 
And the last piece is really the corporate overheads. You have not seen a lot on the P&L in this 
today's upload that you saw for FY '25 and you have seen very little in FY '24 as well, because 
even though we have rationalized the G&A and brought down the overheads, there have been 
closing costs of restaurants as well as severances that have kind of addressed on the P&L for 
those years. But the run rate, just to give an example of we were over Rs. 65 crores in G&A, as 
we have taken over the business, today we have brought that down to a run rate of Rs. 40 crores, 
so about Rs. 25 crores reduction. And then we are further looking at another Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 
5 crores of reduction in this coming year.  
 
So that rationalization bringing down optimizing our overheads, optimizing our restaurant base, 
which is to close down non-performing restaurants, and then revitalizing and getting sales into 
our restaurants, for which we have seen some initial good results, that's basically the same plan 
that you and I outlined to you last time. We will continue to work that plan as we move forward. 
 
With that said, I am going to turn it over to Sumit Zaveri, who is going to walk us through the 
numbers. Over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thank you, Raj. So, I will just kind of talk you through the highlights of our financial 
performance for the quarter and for the full year. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
From the percentage of growth, we ended the year at a total store count of 513. For the full year, 
we grew by 58 stores. For the quarter, it was at three stores, because a substantial part of our 
growth we achieved towards the end of December itself. So that's why this is a small incremental 
growth of three stores in the quarter fourth.  
 
As far as revenue is concerned, good growth led by SSSG of 5.1%. For the quarter, we achieved 
revenue of Rs. 489 crores for the full year and 11.5% year-on-year growth. And if you really 
look at it in terms of translation of that into company-level EBITDA, we achieved Rs. 26.6 crores 
of company-level EBITDA, higher from Rs. 10.6 crores that we had done in the same quarter 
last year. So, there is almost like a 2.5x growth in company-level EBITDA over last year. 
 
I would really like to touch upon one more line which we have been talking about as one of the 
levers of our efficiency translation is gross margins. If you look at it from the quarter perspective 
or your perspective, our gross margins was in the region of 67.7%, 67.8%. If you look at the 
trajectory that we have been taking consistently on Slide No. 10, you will realize that we have 
been growing at that pace on a year-on-year basis 0.5% to 0.7% year-on-year basis over the last 
three years consistently.  
 
If we go back and when Gaurav talks about it, you will realize that we would continue the same 
trajectory as far as gross margin improvement is concerned. Even going forward, over the next 
three to four years, to our target to get closer to 69% to 70% over the next few years. So that's a 
strong margin improvement trajectory that you will see us continue to deliver as we go along in 
over next few years. 
 
Coming quickly on to the full year numbers, just a highlight as far as full year is concerned. We 
got to a revenue of Rs. 1,968 crores for the full year, a very similar growth to what we achieved 
in quarter four, 11.8% year-on-year growth and a positive full year SSSG of 1.1%, led by a 
strong traffic growth that Raj was talking about in early part when he was talking about our 
overall performance. With company-level EBITDA showing a 32% growth over previous year 
to Rs. 99.4 crores for the entire year. 
 
Quickly looking at Indonesia part of the business. I will just kind of talk broad numbers here 
again. As far as BK is concerned, we have been talking about rationalizing the portfolio, which 
we have kind of done. On a full year basis, we came down by eight stores, in quarter four stores 
ended the year on Burger King at 143 stores with an ADS of 18.5 million. And as far as Popeyes 
is concerned, 25 stores with an ADS of 14.1 million, total revenue of 269.3 billion for the full 
year. 
 
We are really kind of wanting to take you through, and you will see in subsequent slides as well. 
But Burger King, we did report a positive 2% SSSG for the full year. When Sandeep talks about 
it from the recent trends, you will be happy to see that the overall SSSG is now starting to see 
positive at 5% overall and 10% on dine-in basis as well. But Sandeep will take you through 
those. But we are starting to see signs of recovery, I would not say that we kind of something 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
called out of the challenges that we have been facing in Indonesia, but we continue to make 
improvements as far as Indonesia business is concerned. 
 
So, just since I have already spoken about the broad numbers, I am not taking you through the 
financial performance slides that are already available in Slide 13 to 15, rather hand it over to 
Kapil to take you through the marketing initiative. 
Kapil Grover: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you, Sumit. Let me outline the marketing strategy that 
helped us deliver a very strong quarter. First and foremost, there’s always a consistent value 
strategy across three pillars of price point, digital app coupons, and a shareable value meals 
platform. These platforms of two for Rs. 79 and Rs. 99, the crazy app deals available on the app 
led by 99 Meals, which is growing every quarter, and the thematic shareable meal bundle helped 
us deliver great value to our guests across different occasions and across different price points. 
 
Moving to Slide No. 18. As Raj mentioned, a menu innovation continues to be driven by 
consumer insight and need gaps. Last year, we had innovations across burgers, the relaunch of 
a Mutton Whopper in the junior size, which makes it more affordable for our guests. A new Iced 
Latte and Americano that strengthens our cafe menu, and the Pizza Puff, which is a guest 
favorite. 
 
Just to continue on the innovation conversation, I just wanted to share with the group that we 
recently launched a new range of Korean products on our menu, with the Korean Paneer Burger, 
Chicken Burger, Fried Chicken, Wings, and Fries. This is obviously inspired by a massive trend 
that we are all seeing on Korean culture, Korean music, drama. So we took out a leaf from the 
authentic Korean cuisine, and we innovated on the process. We dunked our patties and chicken 
snacks in this delicious Korean sauce to give a very authentic, very high quality Korean flavor 
in every bite. The burgers were launched with a premium Brioche Bun, we upgraded the product 
there as well. And we are getting fantastic reviews from Food Bloggers, Journalists, and Korean 
fans across the board. I will certainly have more to share on this in the next quarter call. 
 
Moving on to BK Cafe. Our 100% Arabica bean-to-cup, great-quality coffee at a very affordable 
price. We now have 464 BK Cafes as of last quarter across the country, which is about 90% of 
our store base. We have clearly seen one of the fastest cafe expansion in Burger King system 
and in India in the recent years. And we continue to now build awareness. As Raj mentioned, 
the expansion part is done. We now are focusing on building awareness through social media, 
including the recent AI-based Coffee Fortunes activation done on New Year. We have got a 
great response. We have over 6,000 people participating and actually playing the whole program 
for reading their fortunes. 
 
Now, I am on Slide No. 21. We continue our journey to build known diner sales via BK app. As 
I mentioned earlier, it's a way to give more value to the consumer through coupons and bill 
frequency. But it also is laying the foundation for our CRM scale-up in the future. Our 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
acquisitions continue to grow at a very healthy pace with app installs growing by over 28% over 
last year. We also saw a 2.5x growth in our app user base, and a 3x growth in orders via BK app. 
 
That's all from my side. I will now hand over to Sandeep to share the Indonesia business update. 
Sandeep Dey: 
Thank you, Kapil. And a very good evening to all of you. Yes, there were geopolitical 
challenges, there were external challenges, but then we have always focused on things which are 
within our control. We stayed laser-sharp focused on controlling cost. As Raj mentioned, we 
kept on driving efficiencies, and at the same time, focused on getting back traffic into our 
restaurants. 
 
Burger King as a brand here in this market, we have a competitive advantage of having a twin 
engine, twin engine of burgers and chicken. And we continue to work on our strategic pillars of 
retaining our leadership in burgers and also continue to work on building credibility in chicken 
by offering great taste, by offering innovation and strong value proposition to our guests across 
the menu layers and across the channels. And as a result, yes, early days, green shoots, we are 
seeing some great positive momentum in our business. 
 
Now, that takes me to my next slide. Now, this is a bit of an eye chart, but I want you to focus 
on two things. First, we are delivering almost about 1 million higher sales for the last five, six 
months. And secondly, as we speak of a normalized business period, which is the main month, 
without having any impact of seasonality, we have reached almost 98% of the pre-boycott level 
sales of October 2023. So that's the good news. And we are confident of maintaining this 
momentum. 
 
As far as Popeyes is concerned, we will continue to play to our chicken destination strength 
because we know that we not only win on taste, but we as a brand have the maximum variety of 
menu as far as chicken offerings are concerned. We have Fried Chicken, we have Grilled 
Chicken, we have multiple flavors in Wings and Boneless Popcorns. We also have Fried Chicken 
Sandwich, Grilled Chicken Sandwich. So, we win on taste, and we win on variety. 
 
The one thing which we have done recently is actually we have elevated our services by 
providing guests a very casual dine-in experience through table ordering, through table 
servicing, through serving the food in a particular sequence, serving the food in cutleries and so 
on and so forth. It's currently in a test phase and we are gathering all the learnings and then 
subsequently we will scale it up across the restaurant. 
 
So that's broadly from the Indonesia side, and I hand it over to Gaurav to share the overall 
outlook. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. This is Raj here. I will hand it over to Gaurav in a minute. Guys, sorry, we uploaded the 
results a little late. We will try to do that much sooner next time. But I just wanted to highlight, 
if you have not seen the results or not yet downloaded the deck, just the highlights for India. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Again, just reiterating this, as of 31st March 2025, the year that ended, we added 58 restaurants 
year-over-year to reach 513 restaurants on that date. Additionally, 11.8% year-over-year 
increase in revenues at Rs. 1,968 crores of sales, that's 11.8% increase in year-over-year. 
Average daily sales, SSSG, as we call it, the same store sales increase was 1.1% for the entire 
year and 5.1% for the quarter four. Our gross margin, which ended last year at 67%, went from 
67% to 67.7%, that's a 0.7% improvement year-over-year. 
 
Our four-wall EBITDA or restaurant-level EBITDA went to Rs. 206 crores, Rs. 206.8, so almost 
Rs. 207 crores, that's up 21.2% year-over-year. And the final number I am going to share with 
you is the company EBITDA number, which last year was about Rs. 76 crores. That went up to 
Rs. 99.4 crores, and that's a 32% year-over-year increase in our company-level EBITDA.  
 
So, I just wanted to reiterate those because some of you might be just downloading the deck. 
Over to you, Gaurav. 
Gaurav Ajjan: 
Thanks, Raj. Good evening, everyone. Once again, sorry for the slight delay in uploading the 
results and investor presentation. We will make sure that from next quarter onwards, there is a 
sufficient time gap. 
 
I am there on Slide No. 28 titled, The Way Forward India Operations. So, our restaurant count 
at the end of financial year '25 stood at 513. If you recall, our previous guidance was reaching 
700 restaurants by FY '27, we have revised that to a more longer-term guidance. We are looking 
to open 60 to 80 new restaurants every year for the next four years. This will take us to about 
800 restaurants by FY '29. 
 
On the gross profit margin side, the gross profit margin for FY '25 was 67.7%. As Sumit 
mentioned on Slide No. 10, that we have increased the gross profit margin every single year that 
we have been there in the country. And we want to continue on this journey of increasing our 
margins. We are targeting an annual increase of 0.5% to 0.7% over the next four years. And this 
will take us closer to a number of about 70% by FY '29. 
 
With that, I would request the moderator to please open up the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi. Good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations for decent performance in a very challenging 
time. So, my first question is that, if I go back in time, since FY '22 we have added almost 250 
to 270 stores. And stores which are older than two years are almost now 80% of the total store 
count. So, despite that, our ADS has remained in that range of 115 to 120. So why this 
dichotomy? And on top of that, you have also added almost 400 cafes, which has an additional 
8,000 ADS. So, we are not seeing the increase in ADS despite stores maturing added in FY' '22, 
'23, '24. So, some thoughts on that. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Desai, for your question. Actually, if you take away the last two years that 
we have built about 60, 70 restaurants each, that's 140 out of 513, so the ratio is much smaller. 
But anyway, coming to your question. This last two years as you have seen, especially the last 
year, that the industry has run a negative SSSG. In that environment to kind of hold on to our 
previous year's sales, that was in itself a very big challenge. And we have done that. What's 
happening is we are seeing a more and more increase in traffic coming into our restaurant. So, 
we are driving that as our initiative to bring more people into the restaurant and experience the 
brand over there, very successfully as well, right? 
 
And then we have also on the other hand, had this whole goal of optimizing delivery profitability, 
right? So, what we have done is, in the past there was a lot of discounts either coming from the 
aggregators or from the brands itself. And that drove a lot of traffic, but without a lot of profit. 
And the last two years, and especially this last year, we have started to focus on profitable sales. 
So, we have increased the profitability of that business by 1%. We continue to do that over this 
next year. So, the objective of there is not to just bring in the ADS over there, but also to bring 
in a profitable ADS over there. And we will continue to kind of walk through that path. 
 
The final piece is the Cafe. So, the cafe just came in, right? So, it's brand new. It's got, if you 
look at the restaurant we opened two years ago, right, the FY '23, they have gone up in ADS by 
Rs. 2,000. If you look at the ones we opened in FY '24, they have gone up by Rs. 1,000. So, I 
think in this current year, right, so they are moving up about Rs. 1,000 per year. And the newer 
restaurants that just opened, they have, of course, a long way to go. But as we are seeing, these 
are moving about Rs. 1,000 at least. You will see that as our base becomes bigger, which is now 
that we are at 500 restaurants, we add more and more restaurants in the future. It will be a smaller 
percentage of the total base. 
 
Also, one of the strategies that we have changed with development is, we used to open a whole 
bunch of restaurants in Q3. We are now kind of spreading it out and we will have openings in 
Q1, Q2, Q3, that will bring in a few more quarters of sales into those restaurants sooner than 
later. So, you should see, and we will see that kind of moving in the right direction and the ADS 
moving in the right direction. But that ADS movement is a big pillar for us, a big opportunity 
for us. And we are completely focused, as I said, on the three pillars, to drive that with those 
three pillars, one is to continue driving value, to continue driving our business through our cafes, 
and then finally through innovation. So, those will continue in addition to our digital that Kapil 
was outlining. I hope that answers your question. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Yes. That's helpful, Raj. And also, one more question on the same line is that, we have done 
phenomenally well on driving traffic in our stores, right? So, in order for us to go to the next 
level of ADS, do we intend to move the APC values higher? What is the path towards that? What 
are the actions that we are taking on that front to increase our APC? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes, we have a very good strategic plan, you will see in the coming summer and beyond, to kind 
of address the business as you outlined it. But the traffic is the heartline of the business, we want 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
to continue bringing in more traffic. The traffic in most of the businesses in the industry have 
not reached pre-COVID levels yet. So, there is a lot of opportunity. Those people still exist, and 
they still want to experience the brand. So, the traffic will continue to be one of the big pillars 
for us to drive more people into our restaurants and bring them in. But yes, we have innovation, 
and you will see some of that coming in the summer and beyond. We shall address exactly what 
you said. Thank you. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And one last question on Indonesia. I think before this geopolitical tensions when we 
were kind of climbing back, the idea was that around 21 million, 22 million will do the breakeven 
for the Indonesia business. And since then we have reduced a lot of cost. So, two questions. One, 
has our breakeven point come down? And since now we are near to that number, at least in May, 
and if that trajectory continues, do we see this year cash breakeven in Indonesia? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So, thank you again, Mr. Desai. That's a good question you asked. Again, we are positive 
for the first time in a given quarter. Q4, in Indonesia for Burger King business was positive 2%, 
right? So that's why I said. And then by the way, April and May has been also strong, so it is 
coming back. Has it come back to the level we want? No, by far, right? But it is starting to turn 
that way, we have started to see.  
 
And most of the traffic that is coming in, most of the sales that is coming in is at the restaurant, 
it's not through delivery. We are doing the same thing in delivery over there. We are optimizing 
delivery to make sure delivery business is profitable over there. So, we are more focusing on 
bringing people back in the restaurant. And similar to India, in Indonesia also we see a lot of 
traffic coming back in the restaurant, as I said. In this last November through April, if you take 
this entire period, we pushed up the ADS of our dine-in business by 10%. So yes, we are moving 
in that direction. 
 
Also, if you look at the closures, we have done the overheads that we have reduced, yes, they 
have brought down the breakeven point, and we are kind of working towards that. And when we 
reach that, we will be the first ones to kind of let you guys know. But yes, we are marching 
towards hitting those numbers and making sure that we stop-off the losses there. Good tailwinds 
now in the last quarter and a little more, so we hope that these tailwinds will continue, and people 
will come back. We have done a U&A which has got some very good information that we 
learned about how the people are coming back. And we will use that study to kind of start driving 
that business back into required pre-geopolitical headwind sales. So, we are working on it, Mr. 
Desai. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Great. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and good set of numbers. Sir, could you throw 
some color on the Indian demand scenario, right? And not just for Burger King, in general as 
well, because outside of QSR we have moderated the management team really committing that 
is a turnaround and demand etc. If you look within QSR, we have seen a range of results, right? 
You have one player who is reporting double-digit numbers of the last two quarters, you have a 
couple of district players who have reported flat numbers, and you have shown about 5%. So, 
what is the sense, is there enough indicators or evidence that there is a turnaround in SSSG in 
the QSR sector that you are seeing? Or is it company specific actions that you are taking that is 
driving some of these, and hence, it's still a wait-and-watch? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Thank you for your question, Mr. Chatterjee. See, I will tell you, you have to have a 
balanced strategy which also starts from value. And strategy cannot be done overnight, right? 
You cannot suddenly implement something and then recognize the sales through it. So, this is a 
long-term strategy that we have worked from inception 2014. And we continue to kind of drive 
that strategy when the market gets a little weak. If you have a strong value proposition that 
people know of, they keep coming back. So, we continue to drive that whole portion of the 
business.  
 
But also, it is just not just that value strategy, there are several pillars that I outlined, 
understanding the Cafe business and rolling that out in a speedy fashion. I mean, we took a little 
over two years to roll out the entire Cafe business, we think it's going to be a strong long-run 
strategy for us, right? So, that's another tool that we have put in our arsenal that continues to. 
You will find that we have been doing innovations. Kapil has been rolling out products for a 
while now, whether it was the Boneless Chicken or the High Fries, or the Chicken Nuggets and 
so forth. So, we have been doing this. But we have not been advertising or bringing it in the 
forefront because we are focused on other stuff like value.  
 
Now, you will find as we move forward that there will be a 360-degrees approach to innovation. 
You saw the Korean campaign just this last month, and that was a 360-degree campaign that 
worked very well for the marketing and the operations team, that very well for the businesses. 
So, I think, if you ask me this question, I will just say reflect on the last two years. And I said, 
in did FY '24 we did a positive traffic of 5.2%. And on top of that 5.2%, we did another positive 
9% in this last year on a dine-in business, right? So, the focus is about building that business out.  
 
So, if you ask me, yes, doing a 5% and then a 9%, that's a 14% two-years’ traffic increase on 
your portfolio. Are we looking at next year? Yes, our plan is to continue that route, and continue 
to build that traffic in the business. And then we have put in these new levers, whether it's the 
Cafe, all the cafes are done, whether it's the innovation piece that you will start seeing in there. 
But it's the digital piece where the couple who's talking about the coupons and the other ways 
that we kind of drive up our business. 
 
So, you will see all these three things playing in and there will be other stuff that you will roll 
out and we will talk about in quarter three and quarter four. But a lot of things are in place, and 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
we are just steadfast on the same pillars. That's why we do not come on every call and give you 
new pillars, it's the same pillars, it's just more work and more hard work to continue driving 
those pillars. 
 
I hope that answers your question. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Thank you, sir. I will interpret it as that, it's primarily strategies that you have executed over the 
last two years that is driving the growth, and you have not seen any demand uptake in the wider 
market. That's how I will interpret that. 
 
My second question is on your cost control, right, and it's specifically for the India business. 
Now, while I know that there are several levers that you can use to expand your store margins, 
what I interestingly saw is that, in Q4 2025, the latest quarter, if I add up all your store costs 
across the stores, it comes to about Rs. 280 crores. And I am simply doing a revenue minus the 
store EBITDA of your business, so that's Rs. 280 crores. If I do the same math two quarters 
back, revenue minus disclosed store EBITDA, it's still Rs. 280 crores. But in the same period, 
you have added about 50 to 55 stores, right? So, you have added 50 stores over two quarters, but 
the total cost is flat.  
 
So, which one is it? Is it option A that when new stores open up, there is a lag for when the total 
normalized per store cost actually comes into your P&L, and hence, we will see those 
incrementally coming for those 50 stores you have added? Or is it option B where you have 
basically those costs are fully ramped up, but you have reduced certain specific cost line items? 
Rajeev Varman: 
The answer to this is non-linear. There are so many things we are doing, you are welcome to 
come join Gaurav separately, he will be very happy to walk you through this. See, there are a lot 
of initiatives that we are doing which are partially done, some of them only in certain markets 
yet, whether it's reducing the utility cost that we are working on that has been partially rolled 
out, whether it is about these SOKs, which just got done by finally in all the restaurants. But 
there are several initiatives that we are putting in. There are DCs that we are opening on an 
annual basis that brings down the cost in certain markets. 
 
So, it is a lot of small simple things that we do that continues to drive costs overall, right? But 
those initiatives are not completely rolled out in all markets as we can quickly do that. So, as 
they get rolled out, you will find the cost coming down. The new restaurants when they open, it 
takes about two years for a restaurant to reach the average kind of top line ADS. So, they start 
off at lower kind of ADSs and then kind of climb up to the average. Those that are above average 
kind of sites, they kind of start off at their two-year low and then go up to much higher ADSs. 
So, you will see that there are multiple factors that work, whether it's our initiatives, whether it's 
the DCs we are opening which are driving our costs on the gross margin side, whether it's the 
volume of the restaurants we are opening, and so forth. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
So, Gaurav will take this down, he has made a note for himself, please reach out to him and he 
will take the time to kind of walk you through this. It will take some time to explain how it's 
done. Yes? 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Sure, sir. Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes. Thanks a lot Raj and team. And roughly going those numbers in such a one-time market 
scenario is commendable. I have a couple of questions, first is on the India business. Now you 
did speak about the areas we have worked to improve our ADS and SSSG, and why we were not 
able to improve our ADS despite all the effort because of the significant growth that we have 
seen in the store addition. So, if you can just share some thoughts on how we see the future in 
the next probably three, four quarters?  
 
In this quarter, we have seen a big improvement already. So, I mean, in terms of your SSSG, 
should we expect positive momentum to continue? And if you do the mid-single-digit kind of 
SSSG, then what is the room we have in terms of ADS and margin improvement from here? I 
am actually looking at comparing you with Westlife and despite you having much lower ADS, 
actually the margin gap is not such big. So that is why I am asking this question. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Ali, thank you for your question. I hope you are doing well. Look, Ali, I mean, I outlined our 
traffic over the last two years. That is no different, we continue to drive in that direction. We 
spoke about having laser-focused on our last annual report on profitability, we continue to focus 
on that. Look, I do not want to make a forward-looking statement on what Gaurav gave you the 
two items on a forward basis, but I will share this with you. We have had a very strong April, 
and save a few days when we had this issue with the war, we have actually had a decent May as 
well. So, we continue on the track. 
 
We want to completely focus on our pillars, which is driving traffic into our restaurants and 
continuing to focus on both delivery and restaurant-level profitability. And we have done that 
for the last two years. We have shown it. Quarter-after-quarter, we have come and shown you 
our numbers and we keep showing you positive numbers, improvements year-over-year. We do 
not think we will be able to show you anything different. We will continue in that march in a 
forward way. That's all I can share with you. I do not want to make any forward-looking 
statements other than that. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. Understood. This is very useful. Just one quick follow-up without giving me any forward-
looking statements. Just from a potential point of view, that if you are able to do mid-single-digit 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
SSSG, do you have further room to improve your margin from both SSSG point of view and 
efficiency point of view? Or only it will be SSSG-led margin improvement? 
Rajeev Varman: 
No, Ali, you are absolutely right. If the top line goes even up by Rs. 10,000 over the next little 
while, you will find the leverage all through the P&L, completely all the way to company-
EBITDA. See, the restaurant-level EBITDA is leveraged by several line items. The company-
level EBITDA is leveraged by one-item, which is the overhead, which kind of is, in the long run, 
is believed to be more than anything but fixed, right? Slight inflationary increases on an annual 
basis. So, you will find those leverages coming all the way down to the company-level EBITDA. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is very useful. Second and last question is on Indonesia. So while it's certainly 
commendable in terms of the reduction in the losses at the company level, but when I see your 
presentation Slide No. 14, the improvement has more come because of the corporate G&A 
coming down, whereas the restaurant-level pre-IndAS margins, in fact, on a Y-o-Y basis from 
positive has become negative. So, if you can throw some light in terms of what has happened 
here, despite having a 2% SSSG? And I mean, you have made this clear that you will be very 
strict on curbing the losses in Indonesia, otherwise you will probably move out of it. So, I mean, 
your thoughts on that. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Ali, thanks. Again, good observation. We have had some inflation in beef prices over there, 
and also some currency depletion over there. So, you have seen those two things happen 
simultaneously, literally in the same quarter. So, you did see some impact of that. However, the 
pricing has been taken. It's not just us, it's uniform across the market. The industry has taken 
pricing to cover the inflation, and you will find that kind of washout over the next couple of 
quarters and kind of fall in track.  
 
Look, I think by reducing the overheads, you have now reduce, as I was telling to Mr. Chatterjee 
earlier, you have reduced the breakeven kind of ADS, and I think we are now seeing positive 
sales coming in. Look here, no amount of cost saving is going to help that business unless sales 
come back to where it used to be. And we are working on that, and obviously as a company we 
are astute on all options available to us to make sure the shareholders and the investors get the 
best bang for the buck on that decision. So, we will keep all those options open as we have just 
mentioned, but we are working very hard right now to kind of capitalize on this increase in sales. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So, is this like a two or three quarter time period in which we should see the improvement 
significantly coming through? Or is it something which will take a little longer? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Let's wait another quarter, let's see where it goes. We will have a chat post that, yes? 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes, thank you. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on excellent execution. Sir my 
first question is with regards to the CAPEX per store now. Given you have driven multiple cost 
initiatives, what would be the average store cost for us in India and then Indonesia? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Indonesia, we are not building any restaurants right now, so we do not have any 
maintenance cost. But Sumit will share with you our cost here in India. And of course, we are 
putting in a cafe now, we have putting in a self-ordering kiosk in all our new restaurants, right? 
So, when the restaurant comes in now, they come in with self-ordering kiosk, they come in with 
the cafe already built in there. So, would you, Sumit, if you can take that question? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
We have been kind of sharing these numbers on quarter basis. We still continue to spend roughly 
around Rs. 2.7 odd crores to set up a restaurant in India. And this is average cost of, obviously, 
not led by the format there. Depending on which format you concentrate on, the cost spend will 
be. But on an average, if you look at it across even from the perspective of balance sheet across 
gross block, store counts, you will realize that we have been spending around Rs. 2.7 crores.  
 
This is a number that is now consistent for almost three, four years, I would say. And I think 
able to kind of maintain this cost at these levels, in spite of the really adding cafes as part of our 
stores, or this year adding kiosks as part of the store, is because we have also brought in a lot of 
efficiencies on our CAPEX cost line. So, we have literally been able to offset the inflation impact 
on the CAPEX side, as well as add more into our stores, but still remain at an overall cost of Rs. 
2.7 crores per store. So that's literally where we stand, Gaurav.  
 
As far as CAPEX portion India is concerned, we will continue to improve on this cost line going 
forward as well. We are working on several initiatives. I will not go into detailing our initiatives 
there. But we do believe that we should be able to further optimize these costs as we go along. 
As we keep achieving some of the milestones that we are working on, maybe going forward or 
in subsequent calls, we will start calling out the consumption on the CAPEX side that we are 
working on as well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Sumit, just one follow-up. So, given that there is a guidance of 60 to 80 restaurants that 
will be needed to open in a year, and I am assuming there will be some refurbishment or some 
IT related CAPEX. So, what would be CAPEX guidance for at least ’26-’27, if you can 
highlight? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So, on the CAPEX side, with respect to new stores, 60 to 80 restaurants that we are talking about, 
roughly Rs. 2.7 crores plus the deposit that we placed. So roughly including that will be around 
Rs. 3-odd crores. The large incremental CAPEX that we had and which was initiative-led, more 
or less a cycle of those initiative-led CAPEXes have now come to an end because we are working 
on cafes over the last two years. And then last year we also added the digital investments on the 
physical asset side in each of the stores. So those have now literally kind of come to an end. And 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
as we kind of went in to touch that a little bit of refurbishment required, we have kind of done 
that. So, beyond the new store CAPEX and maybe incremental CAPEX on the digital side to the 
tune of around maybe anywhere between Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 15 crores, we do not expect 
anything more on the CAPEX side over and beyond the new store CAPEX, at least in the coming 
financial year. 
 
The incremental investment of CAPEX cycle literally has now, I would say, we have literally 
completed that across the entire portfolio. And we do not have any initiative that we would have 
on the CAPEX side, rather now we would start looking towards how do we optimize all these 
investments that we have done on the CAPEX side as well as the digital side. How do we really 
start optimizing on the business side and what our concentration would be there. Which is what, 
honestly, what Kapil in his presentation was also talking about or the initial slides what Raj 
spoke about, that our concentration now is going to be really optimizing the return on some of 
the other investments that we have done over last couple of years is what you will see us doing 
into this upcoming part of the financial year. And without really delving deep into overall 
strategy, you will see this literally evolving as we kind of go in into this year. Honestly, the way 
we look at it is, Korean was the first step into where we kind of start to establish our these 
credentials and you will see our strategy on a firstly evolving on the product as well as on the 
digital side over the next quarter or next few quarters. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Thanks for a detailed answer, Sumit. And just last question from my end is, you have really 
shown how you have improved the gross margins over the couple of years, despite continuing 
on this value platform. So, assuming that given that you will be targeting the 70% gross margin, 
should we build incremental improvement on the EBITDA margin as well leverage? Or would 
it be largely to assume that in 40 bps, 50 bps improvement that you are targeting in the gross 
margin would reflect to the EBITDA margin front? Thank you, that’s all from me. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes, Gaurav gave you and I will repeat that, our intention is to move that gross margin number 
to about close to 69% to 70% over the next few years, over the next three years, right? So that's 
the intention we will get it to that point, and that money really rolls down all the way to the store-
level EBITDA, and actually, to be honest with you, all the way down to company-level EBITDA. 
So that's the intention with that number that line item. But there are additional line items that we 
are working on, whether it's utilities, whether it is rents that we are working on or total labor, 
now the SOKs are there, self-ordering kiosks are there in the restaurant. So, all these things kind 
of work hand in hand. 
 
So, when you look at our P&L improvement, a 32% increase in company-level EBITDA year-
over-year, it's coming from very small single initiative, it's not one big arrow, it's a lot of hard 
work. And I think this business really, I call it a business of pennies, and seconds, and grams, 
and degrees, it's for a reason. It's a lot of small things that you work hard on and it all contributes 
towards the EBITDA level. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you, Rajeev. Thank you. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Rajeev Varman: 
You are welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Mehra: 
Yes. Hi team. Sir, my question is, when we look at the India business' older cohorts, maybe 2022 
cohort or 2023 cohort, what would be the kind of restaurant-level EBITDA margins these cohorts 
would be netting? I am asking this in the context of the general time it would take for a store to 
mature, so it could be reflective of steady-state profitability at the system level. So just maybe if 
you could share some insights on this. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Mr. Mehra, I would advise that you spend some time with Gaurav, to kind of go into the 
very extensive answer that he will give you, because it's not linear again. See, number one is, we 
do not have mature stores, we have stores that were opened in 2014, which continue to grow. 
And you probably have stores in the industry that were opened 25 years ago, which are still 
growing. So, this is kind of a business that continues to grow in many parts of the world. I mean, 
I have been running this business for a very long time. So, it's not that we will mature and then 
come to a stagnation. There's always an inflationary increase, but there's also increase in traffic 
from new traffic coming in, new initiatives like we put the Cafe and so forth. So, that's the first 
part of the answer.  
 
The cohorts are doing better. I will just give you a very simple example. We do not share cohort-
level kind of gross margin and EBITDA-level information. But I gave you a small example just 
to let you know how the Cafe business, we just started three years ago, right? How the cafes that 
we first opened are up Rs. 2,000 over two years, and the cafes that were opened last year are up 
Rs. 1,000. So, they are growing at about Rs. 1,000 on the cafe side of the business. I am not 
promising that that would be the trend for the next five years, but that's what we have seen in the 
last two years, and that's all we can share with you what we have seen. But yes, the cohorts that 
are more, I would say, more mature, if you will, that will probably be a better way of defining 
it, are more mature than the younger restaurants and newer restaurants are doing higher ADSs. 
And if you do higher ADSs and if your rent is decent, you do gross margin and you do a 
restaurant-level profitability which is much higher. 
 
But feel free to spend time with Gaurav, without kind of sharing any detailed insight, just some 
information that we got to keep for competitive reasons to ourselves. But he will show you how 
we work that platform out, he will help you understand it better. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Mr. Mehra, just to add to what Raj was saying and since we keep getting this question 
consistently on vintage, just want to highlight two data points from our presentation. One is, if 
you look at the year-on-year growth on restaurant EBITDA Slide 10, we saw 9.7% growing up 
to 10.5% which is the entire portfolio. At the same time, initial slides which Raj referred to, 
which is Slide 4 if you see, we did try to kind of reflect that the older restaurants grow at a faster 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
pace or a better pace in terms of EBITDA and we have reflected that the restaurants that opened 
in FY '23 on an annual basis grew at a pace of 1.7% on an EBITDA over previous years. 
 
So, to your question, really while we are seeing the EBITDA, seeing the positive SSSG growth, 
we are also seeing a better improvement in the restaurants that were opened prior to FY '23. So, 
I am just, without delving into what the profitability is, just to still kind of give you a reflection 
of what's happening in our portfolio. And we are just highlighting these two data points which 
form part of our presentation on Slide 4 and Slide 10, Mr. Mehra. 
Atul Mehra: 
Got it, got it. Just one other question was on Indonesia front, while it's encouraging that we are 
seeing financial growth returning. In terms of kind of strategy level, what are in terms of 
deliverables from Indonesia for the company's financial year? And I ask that from the context 
that we have a large India business which is doing very well, when do we kind of take a call 
which is more strategic on Indonesia in the sense of divestment or just doubling down on efforts 
in India completely? I am not adding any kind of rest of the world distractions. So, when do we 
really take that call which is a more strategic long-term call on Indonesia in terms of any timeline 
or any thought process that you could share with us would be helpful? Thank you. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Without again making any forward-looking statements, which is what it would be if I did make 
it. Look here, we are looking at this very closely, right from all points of view, we want to do 
the best thing for our business over there in terms of our investors and our promoters, 
stakeholders, myself included in there. We want to do the right thing over there. It's seen some 
green shoots, that does not mean that we have closed other options, we are looking at all options. 
And we will make a good call very quickly. I was telling this earlier on in the last call that we 
are looking at the next two, three quarters very crucially and very closely, and we will do the 
right thing for the investors in that kind of timeframe. 
Atul Mehra: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Last question, please, from whoever. Thanks, operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody: 
Yes. So this is a quick bookkeeping one to start off and then you get on the operations front. So 
India store addition guidance you gave us 800 by FY '29. If I remember this correctly, we were 
supposed to add 700 by December '26, so has the agreement been amended with Restaurant 
Brands International? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. We spoke about this I think a couple of quarters ago that, because of COVID we had 
rearranged an agreement with our franchisor. So, this guidance that you are seeing is reflective 
of that agreement that we changed with them. 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Rishi Mody: 
All right. I think on the operations front, on the India front just wanted to understand, we changed 
the strategy on the convenience channel, we are focusing more on profitability. So now I think 
we have done a bit on that, so just trying to understand now how are we going to ramp up the 
convenience channel? Plus, also are we facing any issues with, say, rider availability or rider 
pricing? Just wanted to get your view on that. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So yes, profitability, but profitability is the third pillar, the first pillar was about driving 
sales and driving traffic. And what we have seen in the last two years is that while we optimize 
our delivery business to make sure that it's only driving profitable traffic and so forth. We have 
seen a return of traffic back into the dine-in business, which is a strong point that we kind of 
hang our hats on moving forward, is a very strong dine-in business that's building slowly. And 
we have got all the tools, I think Kapil spoke about the app business that is driving a significant 
amount of people into our business, which is going to help them in CRM in the future and kind 
of continue to build on that traffic. That's a healthy traffic when 30% of your business is known 
on your app. So we will continue driving that piece of the traffic. 
 
So for us, my primary goal is, and by the way, when you have a goal it does not mean you are 
not doing the other stuff. The primary goal is to make sure that more and more business drive 
into our four walls, into our restaurant, dine-in business. We want to focus on building that strong 
over the next five years. And we want to make sure that our delivery business grows, but grows 
profitably. It grows with a healthy margin, very similar to our dine-in business. So that's two 
really broad goals that we are working on. In addition to P&L optimization, making sure we are 
bringing efficiencies on there, innovation on the side, digitization, all that will continue. But 
these will be primary goals as to bring traffic back into our restaurants; and secondly, to drive 
delivery business on a profitable basis. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay, got it. And a final question on the Indonesia piece, right? So you mentioned that Indonesia 
restaurant EBITDA margins declined between the beef inflation and some currency impact, but 
I am just trying to understand, because our gross margins have expanded in Indonesia, if I am 
not wrong, by about 180 bps on a Y-o-Y basis of Q4. But our EBITDA, the restaurant level 
EBITDA margin has declined by about 300 bps. So just trying to tie the two up, like, I mean, 
our restaurant OPEX has also increased in the last couple of quarters on a Y-o-Y basis, restaurant 
OPEX, post taking off. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Yes, Mr. Mody, yes, absolutely, your observation is correct. What we have been doing over the 
last, I would say, over the last couple of quarters in order to kind of support the recovery of 
revenues in Indonesia, we have also parallelly been spending a little more on the marketing side 
as compared to what you would have seen in last year. Because last year we were literally at the 
middle of the geopolitical scenario that we were facing. But since the time the geopolitical 
scenario started to get ease up, the new government which we were talking about last year as 
well, as that was kind of getting ease up, we are working towards getting the sales back, which 

 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
May 19, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
is also the reflection that you are seeing in our ADS growth over the last, almost from mid-
November to the first quartile of May. 
 
So, there is that element of spends that we have in Indonesia in order to recover some part of 
those sales. It will settle down, rightly this will literally kind of settle down back to the 5% 
marketing investments that we otherwise would put in the market similar to what we have in 
India. It's just that some of these investments were kind of front-ended in order to get the sales 
back to the pre-COVID levels. 
Rishi Mody: 
Sir, what was in terms of percentage of sales in the last two quarters A&P spends, like you said 
it will settle down 500 bps, so how much extra was it? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
It was around 8% if I remember the numbers from the last two quarters ad spend that we did. 
But yes, you will see that slowly settling down, and you will see that settling down over the next 
couple of quarters as well as we continue to bring sales back as far as -- 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thanks guys, really appreciate it. Back to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So thank you everyone again for joining in. I will just reiterate the few main performance 
KPIs that we delivered last year. Again, we are at 513 restaurants as of 31 March, 2025, with 58 
new restaurants year-over-year. Our revenues grew by 11.8% which is Rs. 1,967.8 million, 
SSSG was up 1.1% for the whole year, 5.1% for the last quarter. Gross margin moved up from 
67% to 67.7%, it's up 0.7%. Our restaurant-level EBITDA was up 21.2%, which is Rs. 206 
crores. And then finally, our company-level EBITDA was Rs. 99.4 crores, which is up 32% over 
the last year. 
 
So, with that said, thank you so much for your interest in the call today. Appreciate it. Have a 
wonderful evening. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Service Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability) 
 
