April 25, 2025 
Ref. No: HDFC Life/CA/2025-26/11 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East), 
Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001 
NSE Symbol: HDFCLIFE 
BSE Security Code: 540777 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call for the year ended March 31, 2025 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings 
conference call with analysts and investors held on Thursday, April 17, 2025, to discuss the 
financial performance of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2025. 
The 
said 
transcript 
has 
been 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.hdfclife.com/aboutus/investor-relations. 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
Thanking you, 
For HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
Narendra Gangan 
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & 
Company Secretary 
Narendra 
Gangan
Digitally signed by 
Narendra Gangan 
Date: 2025.04.25 
17:30:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 12M FY25 
Earnings Conference Call 
April 17, 2025 

HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
Page 2 of 22 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Earnings Conference Call for the 
year ended March 31, 2025. 
Our Results, along with the investor presentation, press release, and regulatory disclosures have 
been made available on our Website and the Stock Exchanges. 
Joining me on this call are Niraj Shah – Executive Director and CFO; Vineet Arora – Chief 
Business Officer, Distribution, Data and Technology; Eshwari Murugan – our Appointed 
Actuary; and Kunal Jain – Head, Investor Relations and Business Planning. 
I am pleased to share that the Board of Directors at their meeting today have approved the 
appointment of Vineet as a Whole-Time Director effective May 1st, 2025. I request you to join 
me in congratulating him in his expanded role as a fellow board member. 
Section 1 on Macroeconomic Context: 
India has continued to demonstrate resilience amid global volatility, supported by steady 
domestic demand, improving rural sentiment, and a strong services sector. While near-term risks 
such as geopolitical tensions and tariff wars loom large, India's stable macroeconomic 
foundation offers a buffer. We remain watchful of how these factors may influence household 
savings and overall demand for long-term financial products.  
Recent GDP forecast suggests a moderation in growth for FY26 and increased turmoil in global 
trade flows, leading to potential uncertainty in the near term. While we do not see any immediate 
signs of a material slowdown in insurance demand, we remain  watchful and will continue to 
evaluate developments as they unfold quarter-by-quarter. In this environment, softening interest 
rate cycle and volatile equity markets might lend support to traditional savings product offerings. 
Also, the revised tax thresholds announced in the union budget could provide a measured boost 
to both discretionary consumption and long-term financial savings. 
Moving on to Section 2 on Business Performance: 
FY25 was a year where we deepened our reach, continued sharpening our value propositions, 
and demonstrated the resilience of our business model. Moreover, aligning with our stated 
aspirations, we have nearly doubled all key metrics between FY'21 and FY'25. As we step into 
our 25th year of operations, our focus remains clear to build a future-ready life insurer that grows 
sustainably, serves responsibly, and innovates purposefully.  
We are happy to report an 18% growth in individual APE for FY'25 in line with our stated growth 
aspirations for the year. This growth was broad-based, driven in equal measure by an increase 
of 9% in policies written and an increase of 9% in average ticket size. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
The life insurance sector too demonstrated steady momentum during the year, outperforming 
several other segments within the Nifty 50, a reflection of its inherent resilience and growing 
role as a trusted pillar of long-term financial planning. Within this context and based on available 
11-month industry data, we outperformed both the private and overall sector. Our overall 
industry market share expanded by 70 basis points to 11.1% and by 30 basis points to 15.7% 
within the private sector. Notably, our policy count grew faster than the overall and private 
sector.  
Almost three-fourths of our new customers onboarded in FY'25 as first-time buyers from HDFC 
Life, reflecting our expanding reach across tier one, two, and three markets. In total, we insured 
about 50 million lives in FY'25. 
Moving on to the next Section 3 on “Product Mix”: 
The composition of our individual APE was ULIPs at 39%, non-PAR savings at 32%, 
participating products at 19%, and term and annuities at 5% each. ULIP demand remains strong 
despite market volatility in quarter four, while participating products saw strong traction led by 
the launch of Click 2 Achieve PAR. Non-PAR savings also posted robust growth of 25% for the 
year. We expect traditional products to perform well in FY'26, aided by lower interest rates and 
equity market uncertainty.  
Retail protection continued to show growth momentum with APE growth of 25%. Credit protect 
growth remained muted due to subdued disbursement trends, particularly in the MFI space. 
Despite that, we retained our market leadership in this segment with a well-diversified partner 
base. The rider attachment rates improved further across retail and group products. Annuities 
grew faster than the industry in 11M FY'25 and combined with protection, these segments 
contributed 41% of our total new business premium. Retail sum assured grew by 18% year-on-
year and by 32% on a two year CAGR basis.  
We continue to outpace the industry on this metric over a two-year horizon and maintain our 
leadership in overall sum assured. We remain on the forefront of product innovation. With 
industry first launches like Click 2 Achieve PAR Advantage and Sanchay Aajeevan Guaranteed 
Advantage or SAGA in the pension space. SAGA combines dual guarantees, joint life benefits, 
liquidity options and tax advantages with a simplified issuance process. Retirement remains a 
core focus aligning with our brand promise of “Sar Utha Ke Jiyo”. We see this segment as a 
long-term structural opportunity driven by increasing life expectancy, changing socioeconomic 
dynamics and rising awareness around  retirement planning.  
We are committed to innovation while maintaining a disciplined approach to risk management. 
This includes appropriate product pricing, prudent underwriting practices, and effective hedging 
mechanisms, all of which underpin our ability to deliver sustainable, customer-centric solutions 
across market cycles. This balanced approach has enabled us to navigate regulatory changes, 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
macroeconomic volatility and evolving customer expectations while continuing to grow faster 
than industry, also maintaining consistency and quality of business underwritten. 
Moving on to Section 4 on Financial and Operating Metrics: 
The value of new business for FY'25 stood at Rs. 3,962 crores reflecting a 13% growth. New 
business margins for the year were at 25.6%. We have successfully managed to contain the 
impact of the new surrender charge regulations as well as continued preference for unit-linked 
products.  
Embedded value rose to Rs. 55,423 crores with an operating return on embedded value of 16.7%. 
We raised Rs. 2,000 crores of sub-debt in two tranches during the year, thus improving solvency 
by 20%. We closed the year with a solvency ratio of 194%. Profit after tax rose by 15% to Rs. 
1,802 crores driven by strong growth in back book profits of 18%. The board has recommended 
a final dividend of Rs. 2.10 per share in line with our payout policy, aggregating to a payout of 
Rs. 452 crores.  
We have consistently delivered positive and range-bound operating variance over the past nine 
years, excluding the COVID year, thus underscoring prudent risk management, disciplined 
execution, and strong fundamentals.  
Renewal collections grew by 13% year-on-year. Persistency metrics strengthened further with 
13th and 61st month at 87% and 63% respectively. We saw a steady improvement in 13-month 
persistency across customer cohorts and geographies despite the expansion of our footprint into 
newer segments and markets. 61st-month persistency rose by over 1,000 basis points aided by 
the positive impact of the long-term savings products that were introduced around FY20. 
Moving on to the next Section 5 on Distribution Highlights: 
All channels registered double-digit growth.  
Our counter-share within HDFC Bank has remained steady at about 65%. Our priority is to 
enhance the profitability of HDFC Bank channel through a multi-pronged approach, 
encompassing product mix optimization, heightened focus on cross-selling and up-selling 
initiatives, strategic leveraging of the bank's digital resources, and a commitment to superior 
customer service. 
Our agency channel recorded a healthy growth of 15%. Term business within agency channel 
registered an outstanding growth of over 50% versus last year. We also ranked #1 in the private 
sector in terms of total agent count as of February 2025, with close to 30,000 new agents added 
during the year. We continue to invest in building the agency franchise, adding over 200 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
branches in the last 24 months, of which 117 branches were added in FY25. Our pan India branch 
count now stands at over 650.  
We successfully onboarded around 40 new partners during the year including prominent names 
such as Sundaram Finance, Aditya Birla Finance, Home First Finance, Northern Arc, Repco 
Home Finance, Manappuram, Mirae Asset Sharekhan, and Peerless amongst others. Our focus 
remains broad-basing our distribution footprint and finding newer and more efficient ways to 
reach and serve our customers. 
Next, focusing on Customer Experience: 
Our endeavor is to enhance customer experience through intuitive digital platforms with over 
90% of service requests now handled via self-serve. Turnaround times have shown steady 
improvement and key experience metrics such as customer satisfaction scores and first-time 
resolution have shown continued gains. We proactively refine our practices and processes, often 
going beyond regulatory expectations. This is to ensure transparency, ease, and trust. In parallel, 
we continue to strengthen right-selling practices through focused training and tools and 
processes so that customers receive solutions aligned to their needs.  
To stay ahead on customer experience, we have invested in data analytics and innovation labs 
to proactively identify early indicators across the value chain. Given the diversity of our 
customer segments, we remain focused on staying relevant across both physical and digital touch 
points. In line with this, we are undergoing a technology transformation aimed at building real-
time seamless service capabilities, moving us closer to Insta service delivery. 
Next on Project INSPIRE: 
It is our technology transformation initiative and is progressing steadily with incremental tech 
assets being rolled out through the course of the year. While the coexistence of legacy and new 
systems might lead to a temporary rise in costs, this transition is designed to unlock meaningful 
efficiencies, elevate customer experience and strengthen our path forward towards long-term 
digital leadership. 
Next on Subsidiaries: 
HDFC Pension continues to maintain its market leadership position in the private pension fund 
management space with a market share of 43% and assets under management exceeding Rs. 
1.15 lakh crore. Its consistent outperformance and rapid scale-up further reinforce our presence 
in the retirement solution space, a segment we believe holds long-term structural opportunity.  
HDFC International also retained its strong credit rating with a ‘BBB’ insurer financial strength 
rating from S&P global ratings and a ‘B++’ rating from AM BEST. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Other Updates: 
We were recognized as a “Great Place to Work” and amongst top 50 companies in India for 
building a culture of innovation. 
On the Strategic Outlook: 
As we enter our 25th year of existence, our aspiration remains against the backdrop of a stable 
regulatory regime to consistently outpace sector topline growth, deliver VNB growth in line with 
APE growth, and double key metrics every four to four and a half years.  
FY'25 was characterized by front end delivery on topline and VNB with a 31% growth in topline 
and a 17% growth in VNB in the first half, followed by a relatively softer second half. As we 
step into FY'26, this base effect is likely to result in a moderate first half with growth momentum 
expected to pick up in the second half, leading to a more balanced full year outcome. While the 
evolving product mix might be margin-accretive, we remain focused on investing in distribution 
and technology with a three to four year perspective to strengthen long-term capabilities. This 
strategic choice might result in margins to remain range-bound in the short term, but we believe 
it positions us well for sustainable quality growth. 
To Sum Up: 
As with any evolving industry in the BFSI space, regulatory change is an inherent feature and 
we believe that disciplined strategy, ability to reimagine business models coupled with execution 
strength enable us to adapt and emerge stronger. Our track record of navigating a dynamic 
regulatory and macroeconomic environment reflects our institutional resilience and agility. 
Looking forward, we expect to operate in a more stable policy regime, offering greater clarity 
for long-term planning and sustainable growth.  
Behind our numbers lie the focused efforts of over 37,000 employees, 2.4 lakh financial 
consultants and thousands of partner staff, all united by a shared mission to provide financial 
protection to every Indian household. We remain confident in our ability to deliver consistent, 
high-quality growth as we continue to build for the long term. 
For a detailed overview of our results, please refer to our investor presentation. We are now open 
to any questions from participants. 
Moderator: 
We will take our first question from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.  
Avinash Singh: 
Hi. Good evening. A couple of questions. First one is more of a data question. In the EV walk, 
if you can just provide the breakup further of operating assumptions and variances between the 
two and within that, key category like the expenses, persistency, and mortality. So that will be 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
the first.  
The second one is more on the growth side. Of course, needless to say that you have ended this 
year well, particularly on the retail side. In the past, if I look at the medium term, typically, the 
industry and even you have grown on the back of some white space in the product or 
distribution field, whether it is retail protection at some point, Sanchay Plus, or banca getting 
opened up or some kind of external event. Now, in this backdrop, at this point, we see  
particularly the white space in the product and distribution space is almost absent, at least. And 
we cannot bank on kind of externalities. In this backdrop, what kind of growth do you see on  
the retail side, particularly the next year? And what channel or product you see that, okay that 
could be more supportive of that growth. So that’s the second  question.  And thirdly, if at all  
any discussion around industry, around any sort of regulation, cap, anything coming on the 
 bank as well as partners? Thanks. 
Eshwari Murugan: 
On impact of operating variance and assumption change. Most of the operating variance is 
coming from persistency and expense, mortality is close to zero and we have a small non material 
impact of the assumption changes based on the review of the experience during the year. 
Avinash Singh: 
So variances and assumption changes both are positive? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Yes. Both are positive. 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes, Avinash, in terms of the questions in terms of what is likely to support growth, what 
happened in this quarter and what's likely to happen going forward as well. We have seen a few 
shifts. Unit linked has continued to be elevated, but we continue to attach more levels of 
protection to that. That is absolutely helping. Also, the persistency levels have become stronger 
in unit linked in this period. Participating products have done extremely well in this quarter, has 
grown upwards of 40% odd in this period. We have spoken about a new product launch in the 
previous quarter that started to take off in this quarter. And on a run rate basis, the product mix 
on participating products has moved to early to mid-20s. We expect some of that to continue in 
FY26 as we continue to see more and more volatility in the equity environment. We can see 
some sort of moderation on unit linked products in the next 12 months. We will wait and see. 
But we do expect that on a base case. As far as non-PAR products are concerned, that's been 
fairly steady in the early 30s. That continues to be the case as we speak, and we expect that to 
continue going forward as well as the interest rate environment becomes more conducive. While 
that's not been the issue for us in the past across various interest rate environments, the non-PAR 
mix has been in the early to mid-30s. So a conducive rate environment will definitely help 
generate more demand in this segment. So we do expect that to pan out in this manner in the 
next 12 months. Protection, grown at about 25% in the last couple of years. We expect that to 
continue growing faster than the overall company growth next year as well. So that's broadly 
our thought process in terms of how products would support growth as we go forward. New 
launches from time to time have helped us in this year and we expect that journey to continue 
next year as well. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Avinash Singh: 
Is there confidence of maintaining the current growth levels of FY25 in retail for FY26? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
See, time and again, we are asked this question, but time and again, we have demonstrated that 
every year we do grow faster. And this year also, whether it is for the year, in the sense, the 11-
month data, or if you look at the quarter, in fact, for the quarter we did exceptionally well, 
wherein both in terms of our overall industry, market share and in the private space was even 
higher than what it was for the 11 months. So growing faster than the sector, is something that 
has become part and parcel.  
And, I just want to take your point about white spaces. In fact, if you look at slide 18 of our 
presentation, we have all the product innovations. Sanchay Plus was ahead of its time and also 
because possibly acceptance and understanding of the product took a fair bit of time. Now, 
whatever products we launch, usually, there is shorter lead time to market. Also due to some of 
the use and file regulations, especially on unit linked and term, our window of being a market 
leader in that particular product segments has reduced since there is much shorter adoption 
window. But are we innovating in the white spaces that you talked about? Absolutely, and if I 
were to take Sanchay Aajeevan, the SAGA product, there is no other product that exists today 
to best of my knowledge in that avatar and just in case you're not very familiar with that product, 
what that product gives you is an accumulation vehicle, under a pension umbrella, but also gives 
you a floor on annuity and a fairly attractive floor today of what might be several years hence. 
Plus, we give you the option to exit and go and buy someone else's annuity if you want to. So it 
gives you the comfort, but not the obligation to do it. That is certainly a white space. And we 
have many more such innovations in the pipeline.  
On your point on regulations, I just want to mention a couple of things. On mis-selling, we keep 
talking with both our regulator and the government. It is topical. But if I were to look at banca 
mis-sale, it is not any worse than or it's actually a shade better than some of the other channels, 
even at an industry level. But at the same time, we respect the sentiment that comes through and 
there are many things that we have operationalized. For example, at HDFC Bank, in the first 
year of complaint for vulnerable segments such as where an annual income is fairly low, say 5 
lakh and below annual income or senior citizens is involved, we would just handle those 
complaints very differently. And that's clearly beginning to show and yield significant rewards. 
And many other things to make insurance sale a lot more holistic at the bank and us having an 
extra pair of eyes even within the organization to look at complaints. Second part is on caps on 
bancassurance. The understanding we are getting is that bancassurance is an extremely important 
channel to get to the objective of insurance for all by 2047. In fact, if we see the IRDAI annual 
report, penetration levels have actually gone down rather than increasing. So bancassurance 
having at least between 6x to 10x more branches than the sector, it'll be a shame to let go of 
those touch points. So throwing the baby out with the bathwater, what we understand is not the 
intention of the government. And as long as we pay attention to things like claim settlement, 
complaints resolution, and so on, I think it is very much an important channel. At the same time, 
we will continue to grow our other channels also. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good evening. I had a question on individual protection. If barring some rounding off, there 
seems to be some slowdown in individual protection in Q4. So can you help understand what's 
going on over there? And also QoQ, I don't see any big shift in a product mix, but margins have 
improved considerably. So is that largely to do with fixed cost absorption? And again, coming 
back to the growth question, given the last few years have been good and last year was obviously 
also supported by good growth in ULIP. But incrementally with markets being choppy, short-
term rates still being a little bit on the higher side, that may prevent non-PAR from actually 
picking up considerably. So in that context, how should we think about individual APE growth? 
And finally, how is the competitive intensity playing out given the new surrender value 
regulations are now in place? 
Niraj Shah: 
First on retail protection, For the year it's grown at 25%. It had similar growth last year as well. 
So it's been fairly steady, both in terms of volume as well as value.  
Yes, so Q4 also grew at 19%, which is fairly healthy. We don't really see any change in trend 
there really. 19% is a fairly healthy growth in the overall context of how we are operating. And 
that is something that we expect going forward as well to continue to grow faster than the overall 
company growth. That's on protection, no change in trends that we see. In fact, a couple of new 
product launches have actually helped get us to more customer segments. Some of them are at 
the higher age, some of them are self-employed and some of them are at higher sum assured 
levels as well. So, these product launches is something that will help sustain growth and 
momentum in that overall protection segment as well.  
To your question on margins, while overall walk for the year is there in the investor deck, your 
specific question is on the quarter. So basically a couple of things have happened there. One is 
there is a negative of the surrender value regulations. That is we had spoken about it last time as 
well. That's a negative 30 basis points. The 40 basis points expansion is largely on account of 
inherent product margins that have improved from same time last year to this period. We had 
spoken about lag in repricing and we managed to basically do two-three things. We managed to 
increase the level of protection in the unit linked products, persistency levels have improved and 
longer-term products are being sold. As a consequence of that, inherent product margins have 
improved in this period. So that's really the reason for expansion in Y-o-Y margins for the quarter 
from 26.1% to 26.5%.  
Your other questions in terms of the markets being choppy for non-PAR again, we did have this 
question from Avinash as well. So if you look at a non-PAR mix for the last four to five years, 
ever since we launched this category six years back, after the first couple of quarters in which 
the mix was elevated, it has been in the early to mid-30s for the last four and half years, if I can 
recall. And we have seen various interest rate environments in that period. Flattish environment 
for a fair bit of time that continues as we speak. It's probably likely to be different in the next 12 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
months, given the commentary from the RBI in terms of initiatives for rate cuts to support 
growth. So that will only be conducive for the non-PAR product segment, as I mentioned. Even 
in the current flattish environment, we managed to maintain non-PAR at 30% plus. So we don't 
expect anything differently on that if at all it will only aid further demand for this product as we 
go forward.  
Last question on the surrender value. Have you seen any change in competitive intensity? We 
have seen a mix of behavior across the sector. I mean large listed players have continued to be 
fairly calibrated. We haven't seen any change from them pre or post surrender value regulations. 
Amongst the large unlisted players we have seen different kind of approaches. Some levels of 
aggression continues. Some folks have moderated that, given their focus on profitability. So we 
will see how that will develop, but that's more to do with overall objectives, we believe, rather 
than a response to surrender value changes. I think we have spoken about sharing the burden 
with the distribution, we have done that. We have taken a hit of 30 basis points. We have 
obviously adjusted some of our distribution commercials to support the rest of the burden. 
Customer proposition has remained largely unchanged for us. We have seen some adjustment in 
customer proposition in some parts of the industry, depending on which player we are talking 
about. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And one small data point, Madhukar, is on your first question on individual protection in Q4. If 
I were to look at quarter-on-quarter, sequentially it has grown by 26%. So it's more a factor of 
what happened last year but sequentially it has grown very handsomely. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
First question is on the investments that you spoke about, highlighting that despite product mix 
shift towards higher margin product next year, you expect margins to be range bound. So can 
you quantify the investments that you are likely to make next year in terms of let's say a 
percentage of APE and in which area we are making these investments? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I will give you the areas. Key focus areas are – one is our agency channel, both tied and variable. 
This would be a combination of branches, training, people, the right hierarchy, right pay scales 
based on nuances of geographies, technology to enable both our employees in the agency 
channel and our agents to win and so on. So it's an entire gamut. We are in the process of 
reimagining our agency channel. So that's one space.  
Technology, we talked about project INSPIRE and all that we want to do. And as you know, 
there will always be once you're down a big transformation project, there will always be further 
ask from business, or how do we embed AI at this stage itself into many parts of what we do. So 
that will also require some additional funds to be allocated.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Vineet Arora: 
So largely in terms of expanding our distribution, improving our quality of people on the ground 
especially in agency channels, and investments in technology, which gives us the edge over rest 
of the market in long-term sustainable business. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Any quantification possible as proportion of APE or any range broad range? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
See Nidhesh, what we saying is that we will be range bound on margins. Anything over and 
above that, we will invest into business. If unfortunately we don't get that much of an upside, 
because say hypothetically unit linked continues to remain elevated, then we will gun towards 
keeping it range bound. If we are helped by a more favorable product mix versus some of the 
other competing products, non-PAR products start looking attractive because of an interest rate 
comparison, then we will be likely to get that uplift, which we will just keep ploughing back into 
these two, broadly these two buckets. So it will be fairly dynamic and an iterative process. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, understand and just two data keeping questions. One is if you can share of HDFC Bank in 
overall APE and retail protection ticket size for FY25? 
Niraj Shah: 
Retail protection ticket size is about INR 40,000.  
Vineet Arora: 
HDFC Bank in our APE will be about 47%  
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
But that's on APE basis, on an NBP basis, it's about 40%. 
Vineet Arora: 
Yes. It's 40% on an individual premium basis. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Dhaval from DSP. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just one clarification to a comment in the opening remarks 
around medium term growth. So we mentioned that APE growth and VNB growth to be about 
double in four and a half years, which implies about 16.5%-17% kind of growth. I was just 
thinking through are there enough buffers in the business to navigate assuming there are some 
you know regulatory changes or I mean how do you think about this growth estimate, any color 
around that and similarly on margin at the end of the fourth year, I understand that near term 
there will be some investments, but at the end of the fourth year just directionally how do you 
think about margins any comment around that would be useful? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So Dhaval, if you look at slide 4 of our investor presentation, if you look at individual APE on 
the top left-hand side, you see that over cohort of 4 years, in period FY21 to FY25, we have 
closed to double, 1.9x. Similarly, FY17 to 21, we have closed to double. Renewal premium has 
doubled, annuity has doubled, protection has more than doubled at 2.3x, AUM has close to 
doubled, our embedded value has more than doubled. We have fast forwarded it to FY25 
numbers. So over a cohort of 4 years or 4-4.5 years, we remain committed to chasing that 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
number. You said 16%, 17%? Yes, absolutely. But if you ask me this quarter, next quarter, or 
immediate when there's global volatility, we will still grow faster than the sector, no doubt about 
it, but it's difficult to pin a number amidst that much of volatility. But definitely over cohorts of 
four years, yes. And same thing for margins as well. Over a four-year period, all things being 
equal on the regulatory outlook, margin should start moving a little bit upward. And once our 
investments are made to the extent that we want to, our tech transformation is out of the way, 
then yes, it should slightly move up. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of the Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening. So, Vibha, in your opening commentary, you mentioned about product 
optimization at HDFC Bank. So, if you can elaborate on that in terms of what are the strategies 
around that and while your counter-share has remained constant, are you seeing any VNB 
accretion at the bank or you expect to see going ahead? Second question is your agency growth 
has been quite strong for the past few quarters, especially fourth quarter. So how should one 
think of that broken up between productivity improvement and how much of it is led by the new 
agents which have been added let us say in the last 12 to 24 months? And lastly on the persistency 
side, your ULIP persistency in the early buckets have improved gradually over the past few 
quarters and years? So I just wanted to understand in terms of what are the levers that are really 
driving this? 
Vineet Arora: 
In the HDFC Bank product mix, the initiative that we are taking now and we have started doing 
that since the last few months is to improve our mix of ULIP and some of the initiatives that we 
mentioned earlier about adding more sum assured into ULIP, more protection into ULIP or going 
for more longer term ULIP products are the initiatives that we have been taking. So that even if 
our ULIP remains at a slightly elevated level, we could still make it more profitable. I think those 
are few changes and a few more are going to be taken into the next year as we go along by adding 
more riders and protection. That is something that we expect will help us improve the margins 
in the HDFC Bank channel.  
Coming to the agency channel, the growth has been largely from the sustained agents and 
efficiencies. The expansion to new branches and the new FLS and the new agents that we would 
have got from these branches, would have given us about 5% of this business. There is a segment 
of  BAU agents getting hired in the existing branches and that is something that we have been 
doing. I am not considering that as inorganic, but the inorganic portion would be about 5% of 
the business. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
On the last question on persistency on unit linked, we have done a lot of things, big and small 
on that. Right from early warning indicators wherein we believe this is likely to result in poorer 
persistency, we will probably probe further right at the beginning when underwriting that policy 
and then taking it onto our books, as well as ensure that SI/ECS mandates are enabled and de-
tagging does not happen. There is an extra hand holding to explain to the customer, especially 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
when there is a fair bit of volatility and there is an intention to surrender. Also keeping a watch 
when a customer possibly asks repeatedly for what their fund value is and so on. Use of data 
analytics has also helped us to ascertain propensity to surrender and likelihood. I think that is 
where we have taken some tough calls, where a particular profile of the customer is not suitable 
for unit linked product and especially amidst a very volatile environment. 
Niraj Shah: 
So, we will continue these efforts and continue to monitor, Vibha spoke about softening market, 
the surrenders are actually lower in such markets. And typically we do see in an environment 
where the markets are doing extremely well, we do see some higher levels of surrender. So that 
is something that we do track on a regular basis. Stepping into the next 12-odd months, given 
the equity volatility and the elevated ULIPs that we have written in the past 12 months to 18 
months, we will definitely keep a very close eye on customer behavior in terms of how they 
respond to the volatile equity environment. But some of the building blocks, Vineet and Vibha 
spoke about, we will obviously continue to work on this. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have just one 
question on the outlook we have for a four-year cohort and how we can grow. Towards that, I 
have a question for the protection book. This is obviously the overall protection book. This book 
has stayed at about 17.6-17.7 Bn APE for past three years and I understand it is the group 
protection which has declined while we have done much better on the individual protection. But 
towards our 16%-17% topline growth outlook for the next couple of years and particularly given 
ULIPs is going to be volatile next year, what is our view on the group protection bit and how 
much can this 17 billion business scale up possibly in FY26 apart from just the retail portion of 
protection? 
Vineet Arora: 
So our view on group protection; this year we saw the disbursement in the MFI segment getting 
impacted and we do expect maybe the next one or two quarters to remain muted on the MFI and 
then it should pick up. So group protection should start coming back in the second half of the 
year. On the retail protection, there are two ways to grow the retail protection. One is obviously 
through the retail products by itself, which is term products and the various versions of it. And 
the other is by increasing the sum assured on the investment plans or by attaching more riders 
on the investment plan. And so these are the multiple methods for us to do this and we are trying 
to work on all of them. Some show success in different channels in different pockets. But I think 
largely we are quite confident that the protection growth will continue. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, in the group protection bit, I understand the MFI portfolio, but even on your employer-
employee, the GTI bit, that also, what is our outlook? I mean, I understand there was a price war 
or a competitive intensity this year, but how is things around it?  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Niraj Shah: 
So, Shreya, just to complete, Vineet was talking about, one of the segments on the credit life 
side, the other two segments are doing reasonably well. We expect that to continue in the next 
year as well. Housing is reasonably stable, other loans are doing quite well. So that is likely to 
continue into next year as MFI stabilizes. Group term, we have been fairly clear in our approach. 
These are 12-months renewable contracts. So we basically enter into arrangements which are 
feasible from our perspective. And we will continue to be fairly calibrated in our approach on 
that. So we don't really have any targets that we run with on this business. We try and renew the 
policies that we have written if they are feasible and our approach on new business is very similar 
as well. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Also, I want to add here, while we are looking at overall company, we have had pockets of major 
green shoots in protection. For example, in my opening comments, I mentioned about in agency 
channel wherein protection has grown by over 50%. Within that, if I were to look at my variable 
agency channel, protection mix is touching about 14%. On the other hand, if you look at 
bancassurance, it's around 4%. So, even 4 % in bancassurance going up to 6% on 50% of our 
business can mean a fairly meaningful uplift on protection except that as you know the ticket 
size is much smaller and so it will take a little bit longer to show up as a percentage of overall 
APE but growth certainly as long as we continue to punch above company level growth slowly 
but surely and most importantly with the right pricing. And on our terms, we should be able to 
grow retail protection brick-by-brick. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. And just one follow up over here. The reinsurance terms and conditions continue to be 
stable. There is no movement on that side, right, for any of our portfolio protection book? 
Niraj Shah: 
Not in the recent past, but like we managed our pricing, the reinsurers would do the same. And 
as we get deeper into India, the experience will be different from how the protection journey 
started in the top 10 cities. So all of that will have to be factored in, not just by us, but by the 
reinsurer as well. That will be a BAU activity that will happen from time-to-time, but nothing in 
the recent past. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. 
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the margin bit. You have done very well with the ability to improve 
inherent margins like you pointed out. But just wanted to understand what other levers are 
remaining to further improve it from here? So, you talked about HDFC Bank and you know what 
you're doing there, but are there other channels, other products where you can still improve 
inherent margins? That's the first bit.  
Secondly, on project INSPIRE, now it has been, you have been at this project for nearly one year 
now. Just wanted to understand, do you have a sense of, what could be the savings from a margin 
perspective from this project? If you could quantify some opportunity. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Lastly, on agency, you have made significant investments in agency and you are currently again 
undertaking a transformation project there. I want you to understand how does all of this get 
impacted if open architecture comes in agency because they're having some talks in the industry. 
So just wanted to understand how you are thinking about that?  
Vibha Padalkar: 
I will take the first question on margins. Supratim, obviously, I can't share everything that we 
are doing on margins, but we do have quite a few levers and we will do it judiciously because 
it's always a toggle between your topline, quality of business and the actual margins itself - all 
three are important. So just margin for the sake of margins is not that difficult. Similarly, topline 
for the sake of topline is not difficult either. It's delivering all these three in tandem which is 
what is a lot more involved process. But as we have demonstrated time and again, there are many 
aspects, but the most important aspect here is pricing discipline. And that's something we try not 
to be swayed on. And I've talked about this almost on every call, whether it is on term pricing, 
if you see on any of the online platforms, you'll see almost a 40% cheaper term for similar kind 
of a product and similar kind of a customer profile, perhaps with lesser underwriting. Now all 
of that will come and bite us down the line which it often does on margin. So that temptation is 
something that we want to reduce. I don't think we can always eliminate but reduce quite 
substantially. That's one. Second is again pricing discipline on interest rate guaranteed products, 
especially the likes of annuity. You'll find annuity rates in the market at a higher than the 
underlying products that one can lock into - so negative spread. That again is not going to be 
margin accretive. Also, on the interest rate, as the movements happen we have a method and 
implementation rigor immediately in terms of new policies that are being sold, say on a non-par 
product. So that becomes very critical in us being able to deliver the margins. Cost control, of 
course, is a given. So we have many initiatives running so that our cost of servicing a policy 
steadily goes down. We have had positive operating variance on our operating assumptions in 
our embedded value walk for as long as I can remember. So that becomes very important that 
maintenance cost continues to go down and thereby giving us the fuel to be able to not increase 
acquisition costs very substantially because then there is a funding by the maintenance cost 
structure. So that and then other things I think are talked about earlier on riders or longer term 
policies and so on. So a combination of all of these things is important.  
We are possibly to the best of my knowledge, the only company that has channel CEOs that 
have not just sales targets, but they have topline, bottom-line targets and quality of business and 
largely run their channels as if they're a standalone company. Only thing missing is the corporate 
avatar, but otherwise they run their own. This is two pronged wherein there's ownership on what 
kind of business is being sourced, as well as nimbleness and reaction to market conditions. As 
you grow as a large company, delay in reactions will mean loss of business opportunity. So that 
has also worked very well. We are into this process now in the third year, and that has also 
helped big time in each of the channels being very close to company level margins and there's 
no subsidy or a perpetual subsidy between one channel and other one.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Vineet Arora: 
Yes, so on INSPIRE. We started about a year back and this is a long-term project, so we will 
continue for some more time. The objective of getting into this kind of a program is twofold.  
One is obviously to create a strategic moat for ourselves, when we work with partners, agents, 
corporate partners, etc., the integrations will be so seamless that the experience for their 
customers will be fantastic. That's one clear reason. Second is, like you said, there could be some 
cost efficiencies coming in because a lot of things could become more automated and seamless 
and we can handle more capacity, more volumes with maybe the same number of people and 
the same number of employees. The third one, which we also see playing out and the important 
part is the entire science around how can we work with our existing customer a lot more and 
how can we work with our partners to get more new business coming in. And the new business 
would depend on how much seamlessly we are able to work on the data and make it more 
intelligent for them to happen. So it could be converting a new policy or it could be even 
recommending the right ticket size for the right customer or adding the right level of protection 
on that new business. So all these are smart data decisions which could happen now with a lot 
of data coming into one place and getting more organized. So there are multiple benefits. 
Difficult to quantify as a percentage. But there are multiple benefits starting from saying that we 
should expect better retention of partners, we should expect better topline, and we should also 
expect some more efficiencies to happen. 
Supratim Datta: 
And on the open architecture for agents? 
Vineet Arora: 
So, like I said better retention of partners, I also meant agents there, because the moment we 
have a much better experience for the agents, for his customers, lot more seamless integration 
and helping him generate new business, new leads etc. – if we can do that through technology. 
This really helps us to bring that moat. On the open architecture of agents, it is not about whether 
an agent will go and work with multiple brands and divide his business, but is about being a 
company which is able to give the best of the services and products. We do expect to remain the 
most preferred company with every agent. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my question is that the two new product launches that is 
Click2Achieve Par and SAGA, just want to understand, on overall basis these two products are 
margin accretive for the company as a whole? Point number one, because we believe that par 
products seem to have a little lower margins compared to non-par and given in the fourth quarter 
par did much better compared to non-par, just wanted to understand will these two new products 
add more to the margins or par will eat into ULIP. That's point number one.  
And then second, just wanted to understand that can these two products in a way cannibalize any 
other product. For example, SAGA is a product which could have an implication on your regular 
pay deferred annuities because that is kind of also an accumulation and then you promise 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
annuity. So just wanted to understand how you see these two products to play out in near future? 
And the second thing is on ULIP rider attachment, which you also alluded that in HDFC Bank 
that might lead to better margin kicker. So just wanted to understand at the company level, what 
is the attachment rate now in ULIPs with higher sum assured and then at HDFC bank, what is 
the difference? And so what is the scope still available to improve the overall margin?  
Niraj Shah: 
Yes, thanks Sanketh. So a couple of things. One is in par, like you rightly said, the margins might 
be slightly lower than non-par at the base level. But if the products are more longer term, then 
the margin delta is not as much as it has been in the past and that's something that we are seeing 
now. Second, the delta between unit linked and par margins is also now coming down 
dramatically with two things. One is higher levels of sum assured and second is in terms of 
improving persistency.  
So what we have tried to do over the last couple of years is to try and get more and more product 
mix agnostic while it's never possible to be completely agnostic but we are trying to see if we 
can have more flexibility in the way we operate and we demonstrated that in the last couple of 
years with unit linked being significantly elevated compared to the past with minimal dilution 
in terms of margins. So that is something that we will continue to do as we go forward with 
higher levels of protection attached to unit linked as well as improving persistency over the 
medium to long term. That is one.  
Participating products definitely are improving as well in persistency over the last 3 to 4 years. 
And that also leads to better outcome for the customer as well as for the company. As the agency 
business starts scaling up, which it has been, that gives us fixed cost leverage, agents are able to 
have more and more conversations around longer-term products as we have seen in the product 
mix. And that is something that also helps in that journey from a perspective of margins.  
On your question on SAGA. So we don't see any cannibalization really. In some sense, it opens 
up a new segment. So you're right, there is a deferred annuity product that we have. That's also 
a non-par product. This is a pension non-par product. So as such, the economics remain the same. 
It does help in opening up a new customer segment. To just give you a very broad example, just 
a data point, for deferred annuity average customer age is about 55-57 years. In SAGA, the age 
could potentially go down to low 40s or early 50s. So it opens up a new segment of customers 
who are willing to basically save regularly for the next few years and need income only many 
years down the line. And are able to actually put in money on a regular basis rather than on a 
one-time basis. So that's something that we have started to see more and more of with this very 
efficient product design. And we don't expect it to cannibalize. But as such, even if it does, it 
doesn't really matter because it falls in the same category while allowing us access to a new 
customer segment. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And the attachment differential between the company and the HDFC Bank on ULIP? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Niraj Shah: 
Sorry, we are not getting into that kind of detail, but like Vineet mentioned, the endeavor is to 
obviously try and make the category a lot more meaningful for the customer as well as for us as 
a company. The efforts are not restricted to HDFC Bank, it applies to the entire organization 
across channels, across all banking partners, we would make that same attempt to try and 
increase the rider penetration. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. And maybe the last one. The tech transformation what we are trying to do. So the full 
benefit of it is how far away? Is it 12 months or 24 months way? I understand it's an ongoing 
project, but because you are doing it on full-fledged basis right now. So meaningful impact 
should get reflected. So just wanted to understand whether it’s 12 months away or 24 months 
away for our company to gain in terms of productivity, margins, etc.? 
Niraj Shah: 
So I will just give you a very basic answer in terms of how are we actually looking at making 
this kind of investment. Vineet and Vibha spoke about it from a business lens. What we try and 
do is to basically do a very simple cost benefit analysis. Let's say we do not have any of these 
investments, how would our BAU technology expense span out over the next five years? And 
how much incremental expense are we going to incur because of this? And are there any benefits 
that we are seeing out of it in terms of ability to cross-sell more or in terms of manage risk better 
to improve margins and productivity? When we started this exercise about a couple of years 
back we spoke about nine streams. Collectively, these nine streams, all of them are CBA positive 
which basically tell us that through the entire CAPEX period as it moves from CAPEX to 
operating expenses, each of these will realize a positive value for the company. That's how we 
approached it because it's difficult to take a call on a one-year basis, but if you were to play it 
out over a 3 to 5 year period, then all of them make sense to us from an investment perspective. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Nitin Jain from FairView. 
Nitin Jain: 
Yes, I have just one question. So can you explain what has gone behind subdued outlook for the 
first half of FY26?  
Vibha Padalkar: 
It's not so much subdued as much as we are calling out the base effect. So, in first half of FY25, 
we had a fairly robust growth of almost 30%. And it's that base effect we are calling out.  
And then, of course, subdued part is in the sense that whatever is happening macro-
economically; in terms of the volatility that we are seeing, possible consumption slow down and 
also what the RBI governor recently did in terms of downward movement of GDP estimates. 
Niraj Shah: 
I will just add it. It was a story in two halves for FY25, we expect the same to happen in FY26 
as well. It is just that the dimensions could be different. I think APE growth is likely to be more 
back ended. VNB growth may not be as back ended as APE growth given the base effect. So 
that is how we expect it to be, but we will see. And I think, like Vibha mentioned in the call, that 
the environment is very volatile. So, while we have an outlook on the basis of which we are 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
going to plan our resources for the year. But we will have to be a lot more dynamic in terms of 
how we make some of these investments, as well as the outlook can change as we progress 
through the year, depending on how the overall environment is shaping up. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And so, we are continuing to invest. We are also saying that we should grow faster than whatever 
the sector grows. So, if we get it completely wrong or if the outlook changes for the better very 
dramatically, then of course we will still be pegging ourselves to the sector. 
Nitin Jain: 
And if I can, just add one more to this thing. So, you mentioned that the margins will be range 
bound. So, would it be possible to quantify that, quantify the range, I mean, approximately?  
Niraj Shah: 
We like to retain that flexibility to be able to operate because like we saw in the early part of the 
previous year, we absolutely took all the growth that we could, even though the product mix was 
dilutive to margins because that does help us engage more deeply with customers over a period 
of time. We will continue the same approach while we expect the macro environment to be 
different in FY26 both on equity and interest rates. That will move product mix in a different 
direction, we understand or we believe from FY25. But as such, a narrow band is what we'd like 
to stay within. We don't really have a target that we are chasing in terms of where we want to 
land or be at the end of the year. VNB growth is what we will be basically looking for and that 
will basically depend on where the topline and where the margins could land based on product 
mix. So, it's going to be more focused on driving VNB growth. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Aditi Joshi from J.P. Morgan.  
Aditi Joshi: 
I have one question, if you look at our operating ROEV in the last two years that has broadly 
been on the downward trend. So, going forward, what will be our efforts in order to make 
recovery in that? And just one more if I can. One of your competitors said that they have raised 
some capital to support the solvency, in anticipations and order to have some cushions in case 
anything worse comes off the RBC capital regime. But I think in the past we have communicated 
that RBC in general will be leading to the release of capital. So just wanted to have a double 
confirmation. Do you still think that RBC will still lead to a release of capital?  
Niraj Shah: 
If you look at Slide #6 of our investor deck, you will basically find that EVOP has actually 
compounded at about 19% odd for the last 5 years and 18% for the last 9 years. So that's 
something that we look at. The EVOP has a little bit of a denominator effect as well because 
embedded value has grown faster than the EVOP in the past few years because of the way the 
markets have been. So, we do track both of these, but in terms of the absolute value generated 
in rupee terms, the compounding has been in the 18% to 19% range, and that's what we will 
continue to track.  
Now about the subordinated debt that we have raised, we do expect to continue to optimize on 
that as we move into the next couple of years as well. We will have the retirement of one of the 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
first tranches of our sub-debt in the next couple of months. And we will look at our position and 
see if we want to replenish that. That option will always be available.  
Eshwari Murugan: 
On the proposed RBC framework, we expect that the calculation of the capital requirement will 
be more objective and it will look at all the risks in the company and also give rewards to 
companies which are managing the risk in a much calibrated and efficient manner. From that 
perspective, we believe that we will be one of the companies who will benefit from the 
movement to the RBC framework. And in all our discussions with the regulator, regarding 
timelines as well as the next state of assessment, we believe that the regulator is also thinking 
on similar lines. We don't expect any adverse impact because of the RBC framework. In fact, 
we expect the position to be much better. 
Moderator: 
We will take a next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. Just one question. There is a marginal increase in non-par sensitivity to interest rates. 
Anything to read out there as to what is the reason for that? And how do we see that? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
The interest rate sensitivity has been range bound. I don't think there is any material change. And 
what is important to notice is that the margin will be better in a lower interest rate scenario. And 
that is what we are always monitoring because of the interest rate guarantees given on non-par 
savings products, decline in interest rate is something that we want to have protection against. 
So these are the two aspects we look at. One is the sensitivity is range bound, and the other is 
that increase in interest rate is the one which gives us a negative impact, whereas our concern is 
on the decline in the interest rate, which gives us a positive impact. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Right. Just one more, if you look at the product mix shifting towards non-par, possibly group 
term and group term products will also increase. Your ULIP margins have gone up. Par, you 
mentioned that the new products are margin accretive. Then in FY26, you said that the 
incremental margins will be utilized in investments. But it could be, as we have been trying to 
ask you, whether it could be 100 basis points, 200 basis points. If the margins expand by 200 
basis points from the FY25 levels, would it entirely be consumed or do you have a threshold of 
the amount of investments that you need to do? 
Niraj Shah: 
So hard to say because investments are upfront. So that is something which is a little more 
definitive and clear. Investments in people, in branches, and in technology, all of them in some 
sense we are committed to it. So that is something that will happen. We may make some 
adjustments depending on how the environment is shaping up. But that's in some sense a 
commitment. How the product mix will evolve, of course, we will try and drive as much balance 
as we can, as we have in the past. But we will also have to be cognizant of how the environment 
moves. Inherent margins, Vibha and us, all spoke about efforts that we will make to try and 
improve inherent margins. Some of that of course is dependent on the competitive intensity as 
well, so we have to take cognizance of that. So, hard to say how much of margin uplift can 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
actually come through from product mix and how much of it will get subsumed in investments? 
Also, increasing our customer penetration is equally important. So from that perspective, growth 
is something that we will look at to ensure that we are able to then balance between these three 
things. So like we just mentioned repeatedly on the call, aspirations remain to grow faster than 
the sector, to try and keep our margins range bound. That basically gives us the flexibility to 
expand our franchise and in whichever direction it kind of goes, whether it's tier two, tier three, 
getting deeper into that, opening up new customer segments, or being able to navigate in a 
different environment. So as such, we don't want to really be bound by how many basis points 
with which the margins can expand or contract in a near term period. We have already spoken 
about our aspirations on a 4 to 5-year period - it's doubling or near doubling. So we keep that as 
a frame of reference for us. 
Moderator: 
We will take our last question from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS Securities.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Yes, hi. Two questions. One on the timeline of these investments. So at what point can we see 
again margins or VNB expanding faster than APE, first. And second is on the product side, on 
the SAGA product. How many of the customers are actually choosing variant 2 with a higher 
guarantee and whether the margins are higher on those products compared to variant 1? So just 
wanted to understand because that kind of is similar to your  whole life non-par guaranteed 
product, the variant 2, if people choose more of the maturity option. So just these two questions. 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes, so again, nothing further to add on the investments and the impact of that on margins, I 
think. Like I said, the commitment is made. We will navigate through product mix depending 
on the environment and try and do justice to the capacity that we are building in terms of 
resources. And we will come back to you every quarter in terms of how that's moving. As far as 
SAGA is concerned, early days, it's moving well. I think both these options are pretty much half 
and half in terms of how the uptake is so far. But I think we will wait and see how that develops. 
We are also monitoring various aspects within that in terms of how many folks are basically 
taking the guaranteed annuity upfront, what kind of deferral period are they choosing, what kind 
of coverage are they choosing, single or joint. All of these things are still in early days. It's still 
kind of developing. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
But is the margin higher in the variant 2 versus variant 1, looking at the product structure? 
Niraj Shah: 
It's fairly similar, it's not something that is dramatically different. We have also been asked this 
question on protection, on ROP versus non-ROP. It's not very different for us because we price 
it accordingly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to Vibha Padalkar for closing comments.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
April 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you for joining us today. Please reach out to the Investor Relations team for any follow-
up queries. Good evening. 
 
