  
Date: 28/05/2025 
  
To, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 
— 400 051 
Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: INTERARCH 
BSE Scrip Code 544232 
 
 
 
  
Subject: Transcript of the earnings call on the Audited Financial Results for the Quarter & year 
ended 31st March, 2025 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(0a) 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the transcript of Earning Call 
held on 22™ May’2025, to discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter & year 
ended 31* March, 2025 
is attached herewith. 
The above information is being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.interarchbuildings.com 
  
Discussions were based on publicly available information. No unpublished price sensitive 
Information (UPSI) was discussed during the interactions. 
We request you to take the above on record and the same be treated as compliance under 
the applicable Regulations of SEB] LODR. 
This is for your information and record. 
For INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
ARVIND NANDA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00149426 
  
INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Interarch Building Products Limited) 
Head Office 
: B-30, Sector 57, Noida 
- 201301, India. 
Tel.: +91 120 4170200, CIN: L45201DL1983PLC017029 
BUILDANG 
Ne he 
  
  
  
  
NNGUA 
Registered Office: Farm No-8, Khasra No. 56/23/2, Dera Mandi Road, Mandi Village, Tehsil Mehrauli, New Delhi 
- 110047, India. 
info@interarchbuildings.com 
= www.interarchbuildings.com
ARVIND 
NANDA
Digitally signed by 
ARVIND NANDA 
Date: 2025.05.28 
17:27:14 +05'30'

  
“Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
AQ & FY2024-'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 22! May 2025 will prevail. 
  
i 
AMBIT 
i 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARVIND NANDA — MANAGING DIRECTOR — 
INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. MANISH GARG — CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER — 
INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. PUSHPENDRA BANSAL — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER — INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
MR. ANIL KUMAR CHANDANI — PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE FINANCE AND STRATEGY — INTERARCH 
BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAIVEER SHEKHAWAT — AMBIT CAPITAL

  
Moderator: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY25 Earnings Call of Interarch 
Building Solutions Limited hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. As 
a reminder, 
all 
participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Thank you so much, and good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to Q4F Y25 Earnings Call 
of Interarch Building Products. From the management side today, we have with us Mr. Arvind 
Nanda, the Managing Director; Mr. Manish Garg, the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Pushpendra 
Bansal, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Anil Kumar Chandani:, President, Corporate Finance and 
Strategy. 
I would now hand over the call to Mr. Nanda for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Thank you, Jaiveer. Thank you first to the Ambit team for yet again hosting our earnings call. 
And I would like to thank all of you who have taken their time out to join this investor call. So 
I think what we've been trying to do for the last 3 or 4 investor calls since we went listed is to 
just explain a little bit overview of the pre-engineered building industry because we feel that it's 
a pretty unique industry, and we are a pretty unique player in the listed space, while other 
companies are listed as pre-engineered building, but nobody 1s with a pure-play pre-engineered 
building. 
I think most of you have heard my earlier calls as well, so I'll keep 
it very brief. So pre- 
engineered buildings are primarily steel buildings used for any purpose. You can use 
it for 
industry, manufacturing, warehousing, your high-rise buildings, stadiums, airports. So, these are 
pretty much building agnostic. You can do any kind of building in it. So, there's no limitation as 
far as that is concerned. So that is one big advantage of a steel building that you can do any kind 
of building. 
In pre-engineered building industry, where we are one of the leading players, what happens is 
that a customer comes to us with only his requirement. He tells us what he needs in overall specs, 
height, length, width, loadings, where the location will be, what kind of temperature he wants 
inside, what kind of insulation, etcetera. And all the design and engineering of the building of 
his requirement, whether it's a plant, warehouse or an airport is done by Interarch's engineering 
and design team. 
So as a 
first stage, we interact with our sales team, which is a very highly qualified engineering 
sales team and 
a very highly qualified engineering and design team using very advanced 
software and technology and computers. They work together to close the building which the 
client wants by value adding because we can, as premier buildings, sometimes add a lot of value 
to how that building can be done better, speedier as well as cheaper. So, a lot of interaction 
Page 2 of 23

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
between the client, his consultants, could be his PMC, could be his structural consultant and the 
Interarch team happen even before we can make a bid. 
So once the building is more or less closed, how it should be done? Then we design engineers 
that whole requirement into 
a building. How will that requirement convert into 
a building? 
Because the client doesn't tell us what to do. He doesn't tell us what steel to use or what thickness 
to use or what should be the column. 
We just have to follow his requirement and the building codes, which are, of course, essential. 
So, then our design team gets on to it and designs it with as much value add and as much as 
design skills as they have because it's very critical that we design the building in the best possible 
manner. 
Because if we do not design and engineer the building in the best manner, we will be not 
optimizing the usage of steel or optimizing the production or delivery or erection, and therefore, 
we will become uncompetitive. Because in this business, you do not quote to a client on a per 
kilo basis or a per square foot basis, but in a lump sum of a building. 
So everything from how much steel will be used. Primarily, our buildings use 3 different kind 
of steels and hardware. Steels are HR plates, hot-rolled plates, which we buy from all the well- 
known mills in India and galvanized coils, which are used for secondaries, which we roll form 
into the right items that we need and the roofing and wall cladding, which is the skin of the 
building, which 
is again 
a very highly coated material, very high technology, very 
strict 
requirements because that is the one item which is exposed to weather and steel being very 
corrosive in nature, the coatings have to be excellent. 
So, we buy from companies like Tata BlueScope, which are world renowned in this kind of coils. 
So, these are the 3 raw materials, HR coil and HR plates, GP coils and roofing, cladding, color 
coated or zinc aluminium coated coils. 
So, the whole building is manufactured as per the design approved by the client after we give 
him the requirement and then he approves the order, it is converted into a building by how are 
we going to make these columns and beams and secondaries, roofing, cladding, all the closures, 
finishing. 
So, the whole building is costed in that manner. How much steel will be used of all hardware? 
How much will it cost us to manufacture in-house because the second stage or third stage of our 
building is how to produce it. Every item 1s manufactured in-house in our plants. We do not buy 
any ready-made items from outside. 
We do not buy any H-beams, I-sections 
or purlins, etcetera, from outside. Everything 
is 
manufactured in-house or at the site like roofing. Then that costing is done and then how much 
will it cost to take the material to site. And then, of course, how much will it cost us to erect that 
building because we have to give him everything from design engineering to 
a completed 
building at site. 
Page 3 of 23

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So, the design engineering and salespeople work together to do 
a costing, which has to be 
competitive, a great value-add design so that we can use the least amount of steel, manufacture 
it efficiently and meet the schedules that the client requires. And we then give them a lump sum 
price and a definite date of completion. So, this whole exercise is done even before we have got 
the order. 
This is to enable us to quote for the building. So, this is the specialty of pre-engineered building 
that we have to be able -- we have to be able to design, engineer, manufacture and erect the 
building at site and in a very competitive manner and in a very high-quality manner and on 
schedule for us to even bid to the customer. 
After that, there are many other factors which come in when we are bidding, talking to the client. 
It is our past history. It is our ability to do a good job. What does he think of Interarch? Does he 
think that we are the right people for him to do the building and the erection and give him the 
right schedule. So, it is his belief as will we be the right company for him and the right price, the 
right date and then he decides the order. These are not price-driven orders in many ways. 
Of course, there will be ultimately competition between 
1 or 2 other competitors, which they 
feel would be similar. But a lot of the decision-making is already done before we even bid, 
because it is how much he trust you. This product and this business is more about trust and 
confidence that the customer has in your engineering, in your design, your ability to deliver and 
ability to deliver a quality product because don't forget, we manufacture everything in-house. 
So the quality of the product is also on us. We don't buy any ready-made sections from other 
people so that, that quality is assured. And of course, then the completion. So, after we get the 
order, which is the decision is taken on many different basis, past history, have we done similar 
kind of buildings? Have we done work in the similar industry before? 
Have we worked with their group companies or those companies by themselves? So then and 
then, of course, there's a final thing about price, but the decision by the customer is already made 
by the time we reach that stage. And then once we get the order, of course, the design engineering 
again gets into the act and they have to make the whole building into pieces, which are 
manufactured by the plant. 
So, then they have to get some shop drawings as we call them, issued to the plant because each 
building could be hundreds and thousands of pieces. So, each piece has to be transportable to 
site. It cannot be a complete building. So, the each piece is manufactured in-house and taken to 
site completely ready. 
It is drilled, cut, welded, even final coats of paint are done in-house and then taken to the site. 
And at the site, everything is just a nut and bolt assembly. There is no cutting, welding, drilling, 
painting done at site. Everything is nut and bolt. So, these whole process gives you 2 great 
advantages to the customer. 
Besides the fact that he's getting a lump sum price of the building like a product, he is no longer 
dependent on different parts like contractors or suppliers or consultants to be able to give a price 
and stick to it. But from one company, he's getting a complete price. So, like we say, it's one 
Page 4 of 23

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
building, one price, one date. So, only one company ts responsible, and that is the best advantage 
that a customer gets that this whole building office is converted into a product. 
The other 2 major advantages that he gets are very fast delivery of the building and erection 
because a lot of the work which has to be done at site is done at site parallel to while we are 
getting all our approvals done and manufacturing all the parts in our plant. So, a lot of activities 
happen parallelly. 
And the day that the building -- the site is ready to receive the structure, the structure starts 
arriving and starts getting erected, unlike in a conventional steel building where the material 
would start coming after all the civil work is done and then the building would start getting 
manufactured at site. 
Second big advantage he gets is the quality because everything is manufactured and made in- 
house on automatic machines by highly trained people and under very controlled conditions. So 
this gives him the highest quality that he can get. Nothing is done at site compared to traditional 
buildings, which are actually made on the site itself. 
So, on the site, the quality of labor, quality of welders, quality of the type of the weather that 
they go through, all this -- the quality is dependent on all this. Whereas now the quality is all 
dependent on the plant. So, these are the major advantages he gets in pre-engineered building. 
And Interarch, we are pretty much industry agnostic. It doesn't matter to us what the clients and 
industry is. We have done everything from auto to FMCG to A-grade warehousing to all kinds 
of paint plants, Grasim, Asian Paints, Berger, HUL, all machinery manufacturers like SMS. 
So, every kind of industry we have worked in. Recently, last 4 or 5 years, a lot of new industry 
like what we call the new age industry has come up, data centers, semiconductors, renewables 
and solar renewables, lithium battery, EVs, all these are coming up, and we are participating in 
every industry there is. Because to us, it doesn't matter what your industry is. We have to have 
the capability to design and engineer the kind of building you need. 
And today's building in most of these industries are very complex. They are more or less like a 
part of the production process. They are as important as the capital goods and the machinery 
installed inside. In fact, we believe that we are the first capital goods that a customer thinks of, 
our user thinks of. 
We are not really a builder or a contractor or a fabricator, but a capital goods partner with the 
client. So, he treats us like that. He will come to us first. So, if we cannot design, engineer and 
make the building as he requires, his machinery or his processes cannot be done accordingly. 
And of course, if the building is not completed on time of the highest quality, then his whole 
process and his production will get delayed. So, we are more like a capital goods industry and a 
capital goods partner for these companies. 
That is why they keep coming back to us again and again, just like most industries like to go 
back to a reliable and a good, high-quality, high value add, a company which is very, very 
concerned about the customers’ requirement and the customers' ethics and rules and how he want 
it done. That is the kind of partner they want to choose. 
Page 5 of 23

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
We are not like a builder which is chosen on L1 basis or the cheapest price, but as how they 
would like their building to be done, we can design, engineer, deliver and erect for them on time 
and the building will work for 40, 50, 60 years without any problem at all. That is how they view 
us. So, the whole pre-engineered building industry is based on that. And of course, we have as 
Interarch advantage that we've been in the industry for 25 years. 
We were one of the pioneers and we have now done every kind of industry that exists in India. 
Nearly every company that is there in India, Indian and foreign, small and big and every kind of 
building that is possible from high-rise to T3 terminal to process plants for paint lines and FMCG 
to building manufacturers to A-grade warehousing for Amazon and Flipkart and any -- all these 
A-grade warehousing companies like IndoSpace, Welspun, LOGOS. Airport T3 terminal was 
done by us many years ago. 
So, we have been in this industry and therefore, a very trusted player. People believe that if they 
go to Interarch. Interarch will be able to do their building, design, engineer, manufacture and 
deliver to them on time at a good value. We would not say we are the cheapest. We don't even 
want to be the cheapest, but we want to be the greatest partner and value add to the client, to our 
user. He must get value from us. 
And that's why he's prepared to pay us because he sees value in Interarch and Interarch Building, 
which he doesn't see in anybody else. And I think a lot of that is very apparent as we go forward 
and we see every quarter, every year, we are getting better kinds of building. Recently, we got 
one of the largest single PEB orders given to any company in India of INR300 crores plus. 
And that is again putting us in a different league because there are a lot of very large orders in 
India, which till last 3 or 4 years were getting split into 2 or 3 PEB players because people didn't 
have the confidence that one company can do it. But that barrier has been broken by us by getting 
this order. 
So I think we are -- every year, every quarter, every day, we are breaking new ground. We are 
breaking -- getting into new clients. We are doing the microchip plants for Tata-Micron, for Tata 
Electronics. We are doing a lot of business for renewables from Reliance Solar to Vikram Solar 
to AMPIN Solar. 
We have done work for ReNew Power, for First Solar, lithium battery plants. First one set up in 
India was Exide, we did it. Second one is being set up by Agratas, which 1s a Tata company. We 
are doing it. So, we are there in every area because we have become 
a trusted partner with all 
these people. And that is where Interarch stands today. And I think our results and our quality 
of clients and the quality of business we do shows that. 
And the way the economy is growing and the new players are coming in, whether on PLI scheme, 
on semiconductor scheme, on renewables, on Make in India, manufactured in India, China Plus 
One, I think this is going to be a big boost going forward. 
We've also tied up with companies 
like JSPL and Moldtek Technologies 
to add 
to our 
engineering as well as manufacturing capacity. We are trying to add capacity as fast as possible 
because there's a lot of business available in the market. We are -- I think by end of June, we 
Page 6 of 23

  
Manish Garg: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
will finish our AP Phase 2, which we -- Phase 
1 was done last year and our new line in Kichha 
will both be finished and in full production. 
We have recently bought land in Andhra Pradesh right next to our existing plant to set up another 
line, which we will start this year and hopefully finish in the next 10 to 12 months. And of course, 
we have land in Gujarat, which we are preparing for another plant. As soon as we finish one, we 
want to go into the next one, preparing ourselves. 
We are preparing our engineering capacities and capabilities through companies like Moldtek 
and other companies we have tied up with opening a new office -- 2 new offices in the South of 
India, where there's a lot of pool of people, engineers available besides Chennai, Hyderabad and 
Noida that we have. So, I think we are on the right track. 
We are doing a lot of right things to be able to expand our capacities and increase our capabilities 
to deliver to the customer. I think business is the least of the problems right now. It is more how 
fast we can make all our 4 legs as we call them, sales, engineering, production and project 
management, how fast can we develop them to deliver to the customer as per the requirements. 
So, I will now end my talk on this. There are a few things that we have done for the first time. I 
think we have the highest record sales. We have the highest recorded profit. We are issuing our 
maiden dividend as a listed company of INR12.5 per share, and we hope we will continue to 
give a dividend and increase it. 
Our next year projections are going to be as we had given earlier, and we are still on track to do 
INR2,300 crores, INR2.400 crores turnover by FY'27-'28. We are building up capacities. We 
have a very good order book as of 1st of May of INR1,645 crores. So, we are well on our way 
to achieve the targets and the 
sort of figures given before. And 
I think our position 
is 
strengthening day by day. 
I will now request Manish, our CEO, to take you through our company overview, and then we 
look forward to your questions. Thank you. 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon all. My name is Manish. We are proud to share that Interarch 
has delivered its highest ever quarterly as informed by Mr. Nanda and annual performance, an 
outstanding milestone in our journey of growth and excellence. We are the fastest-growing pre- 
engineered building company in India, currently ranked second overall in terms of installed 
capacity and revenue. From FY '15 to FY '25 in last 10 years, we have successfully executed 
and delivered over 700 pre-engineered building projects. Now that explains our deep expertise 
and strong market presence. 
The company operates 
5 
state-of-the-art manufacturing plants and 
4 fully integrated pre- 
engineered building facilities. They are located down South in Sriperumbudur, Tamil Nadu; 
Pantnagar in Uttarakhand; Athivaram in Andhra Pradesh; and Kichha, Uttarakhand. 
Our facilities have a combined installed capacity as we speak of 161,000 metric tons, given that 
the utilizable capacity typical ranges from 80% to 85%, this translates to an effective 135,000 
tons metric ton per annum. And to support our future growth, we are currently expanding our 
Page 7 of 23

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
facilities in Andhra Pradesh and Kichha, which is nearing completion. And once completed in 
about a month from now, this expansion will add approximately 40,000 metric tons, taking us 
to overall installed capacity of 200,000 metric tons. 
Further to this, to support our growth plans, as explained to you by Mr. Nanda and to enhance 
our manufacturing capabilities, we have acquired an additional 20 acres adjoining land in our 
Andhra Pradesh, Athivaram facility, where we plan to establish a heavy fabrication line by end 
of September 2026 next year. 
As part of our continued focus on strengthening technical capabilities, we have also decided to 
set up 2 new engineering offices in India within the current financial year. On the sustainability 
front, we have installed 
1 megawatt of rooftop solar at our Kichha and Pantnagar units and a 
similar capacity rooftop solar is being installed at our Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh facility. 
This will entail savings in the power cost. 
In terms of our order book and clientele, as on 30th April 2025, our total order book stands at 
INR1,646 crores, reflecting a strong pipeline and sustained demand. We are pleased to inform 
that the company has secured the largest ever pre-engineered building order of about INR300 
crores in the Indian PEB industry. 
We take pride in our diverse customer base with repeat orders contributing almost 82% of our 
revenue, underscoring the trust and partnerships that we have built over time. Some of our recent 
key clients include Indospace, Havells, Saint Gobain, Balrampur Chini Mills, Reliance and 
Vikram Solar. 
With the organized sector gaining a larger share of incremental orders in our industry, we expect 
to continue growing at 1.5x to 2x the industry rate of growth. Looking ahead, we are focused on 
expanding 
our 
footprint 
and 
diversifying 
our 
solutions 
to 
tap 
into 
emerging 
growth 
opportunities, including expanding our operations with a new manufacturing facility in Gujarat, 
wherein we have already acquired the land. 
And in Andhra for heavy steel industry, as already explained to you. We are also upgrading our 
existing facilities to -- as in alignment with our IPO objectives, diversifying into high-growth 
sectors 
like EV 
infrastructure, renewable 
energy 
projects, 
data 
centers, 
semiconductors, 
multistory commercial and residential buildings and institutional buildings. With these strategic 
initiatives, we are well positioned to drive sustained growth, innovation and market leadership 
in the year ahead. 
Just to explain you the major financial highlights. I'm sure you have gone through the investor 
presentation already. So just a glimpse. In Q4 FY '25, which got concluded, revenue for the 
quarter stood at INR464 crores with a growth of 20% on a year-on-year basis. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR49 crores, growth of 29% on a year-on-year basis. Our 
EBITDA margins also saw an improvement and stood at 10.5%. Profit after tax for the quarter 
came at INR39 crores with a growth of 30% on a year-on-year basis. Our total order book is 
INR1,646 crores as on end of April '25. 
Page 8 of 23

  
Moderator: 
Yug Jhaveri: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yug Jhaveri: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Other highlights include our revenue stood at INR1,454 crores with a growth of 12% on a year- 
on-year basis. Business mix of the end user was industry dominating at 77%, followed by 
infrastructure, 21% and other buildings at 2%. Our EBITDA for FY '25 came at INR136 crores 
with a growth of 21% on a year-on-year basis. 
And for the full year, EBITDA margins were 9.4%. Profit after tax for the year FY '25 came at 
INR108 crores with 
a growth of 25% on 
a year-on-year basis. And as Mr. Nanda already 
explained, we have declared our first maiden dividend per share at the rate of INR12.5, which 
turns out to be 125% of the face value. 
With this, I would like to conclude my presentation and open the floor for question and answers. 
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. 
Thank you. We'll take our first question from the line of Yug Jhaveri from Molecule Ventures 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
First of all, congratulations on such a good set of numbers. So, first question is regarding the 
current order book stands at around INR1,650 crores, while the revenue potential at full 2 lakh 
capacity, assuming 85% utilization is estimated around INR1,900 crores to INR2,000 crores. So 
given that gap, do you see sufficient demand to scale the order book further towards full capacity 
utilization? And by when do you expect such peak revenue within the existing capacity, we are 
not including the new capacities which are coming? 
You see the capacities which we are adding right now will come into place by end of June, early 
July. So, we would have lost the first quarter. So, we are hoping that we can do more order 
booking primarily on a little bit of a longer. See, there are a lot of large projects also coming up, 
which are taking in requiring buildings in a 
little longer period of more than 8 to 10 months, 
which is a standard for pre-engineered buildings. 
So, we are concentrating on that because with our present capacity to execute, it will be difficult 
to take any short-term orders. But there are a lot of long-term orders in the market, and I think 
we are doing that. Plus, on the other side, we are trying to grow faster and faster with our capacity 
organically as well as inorganically. But right now, we can't say much. But I think another 2 or 
3 months, we'll have a little clearer picture on that. 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And do you see an impact on the demand side due to slowdown in private 
capex, which is current scenario? 
Private capex has been slowing down for the last 5 years. Every time we have only the private 
capex is slowing down. But I think what happens is that there's always private capex going on. 
And we have to be a participant in that. I think we are not to worry about the overall growth 
because like I mentioned earlier, we are industry agnostic. 
We deal with all the top companies in India, all the foreign companies coming into India, all the 
new industries, new products. So, you have to make yourself a relevant player with them. Of 
course, the kind of business we want INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores is peanuts compared 
to what the private investment is. 
Page 9 of 23

  
Yug Jhaveri: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Yug Jhaveri: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So, we don't really concentrate too much on those figures. Of course, we are very happy that if 
private capex actually takes off by whatever criteria we want to judge it, our business should 
grow. But we do not see any downturn in our business. 
In fact, we feel that we should build capacity faster that there is so much demand in the relevant 
sectors we are in. So, we are more bothered about the sectors we deal in, the clients we deal with 
and the people that we are in touch with for future growth. 
While we are expanding in Andhra Pradesh and also Gujarat, so there is any specific industry 
which 
is gaining 
a lot of traction in those regions or those 
-- you said that data centers, 
renewables, those are sectors are only gaining traction going ahead? 
No, there is no such area. See, what is happening is that there's a lot of growth in the Southern 
part of India, as we all know, whether it is renewables, whether it is batteries, EV, and then 
there's a lot of growth in the Western sector, Gujarat, Maharashtra. Again, there is -- but we are 
not setting up plants only because we want to be close to customers. 
It is very difficult for us to be close to every customer. I mean, we are doing a project right now 
for Tata Electronics in Assam. We are doing one in Gujarat. So, there's a lot of -- but if you were 
to put on 1 or 2 places, I would say Gujarat, Maharashtra is a very key one and South of India is 
key. But plant decisions are not taken only on that basis. We are pretty close to the sector. 
But we are seeing -- you see what happens with us is what we have seen is that -- I mean, we 
have a lot of traction with certain industries for certain years. And then the industries can also 
change. Like it was very high with automobile 20 years ago, then with A-grade warehousing, 
then a lot of FMCG and paint. 
Now it is a lot with the new age like renewables and batteries and electronics. So, 
it keeps 
changing. But currently, it is more of these -- what we call these new age, semiconductor, your 
batteries, your renewables, electronics. This is a very fast growth area right now. 
Got it. Got it on that side. And after your partnership with Moldtek recently, so how important 
will export be going forward? And which countries you will be targeting? 
See, we are targeting -- we have started working on exports about 
1 year, 1.5 years ago. And I 
thought -- we thought that a little few tie-ups will help us, like Moldtek has a very large presence 
in the U.S. and they have a very large presence in India for design engineering. 
So, 
it's 
a double partnership with them in that sense that they will also help us in design 
engineering, sort of expanding our capacities and help us in getting business from their U.S. 
clients who they were not servicing for the product till now. 
So, we are looking at U.S., Canada to which we have already exported quite a few buildings, 
Africa, then also the CIS countries. So, we are looking at a lot of these areas. Currently, the 
figures are very low compared to our rest of our turnover, but we are seeing a lot of traction 
happening from demand side in these countries. 
Page 10 of 23

  
Yug Jhaveri: 
Moderator: 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Going ahead, exports would be... 
I request you to join back the queue as we have other participants waiting. We'll take our next 
question from the line of Huseain Bharuchwala from Carnelian Capital. 
Congrats on a good set of numbers, sir. Just wanted to understand, you said that you are basically 
expanding the Andhra facility for doing heavy structures. Can you give us more understanding 
on what do you mean by heavy structures? And how do you want to scale that part? 
In the steel fabrication, as we call it the buildings, see, like we can do building of 10,000, 20,000 
tons also, but each piece of those buildings 1s, let's say, under 4 or 5 tons. Heavy piece in our 
current pre-engineered building would be 3 to 4 tons per piece. And from that, we can do what 
we call the light engineering buildings. 
But then there is a lot of heavy engineering building, which is like a steel plant or it could be a 
data center or 
it could be high-rise buildings or even 
a lot of the new age industries like 
microchips and renewables also need some part of their building as very heavy structure because 
they have very heavy loadings on these buildings. So, each piece being over 5 to 10 tons, when 
it goes in the range of 
5 to 10 tons, we call it heavy structure. 
So, while the process would be very similar to what we are doing, but the factory requirements, 
machine requirements, the crane requirement, they change. So, we feel that a lot of clients are 
coming to us with these heavier structure requirements, a lot of them we are refusing because 
we are not able to take that up productively, even though we have tied up with JSPL for precisely 
this reason to help us out in production. 
But still, we are not able to take the requirements which are coming up. See, if you look at the 
large area like port buildings, steel plants, fertilizer plants, power stations, data centers, these all 
require heavy structure. So, it's just the piece is heavier. It doesn't change anything much. But 
since we were not making it, we felt that there's a lot of action on these items happening. 
So rather than just rely on outside sources, we are going to set up a largish first one production 
line of heavy structure and then hopefully, if the business 1s there, add a lot -- a few more on that 
also. So heavy structures gives us a possibility of doing a lot of different kind of buildings, a lot 
of different sectors, which we currently can't. 
Got it. And secondly, sir, you have guided almost INR2,700 crores of top line by FY'28. Am I 
correct? 
No, we said about INR2,400 crores. 
INR2.400 crores by FY '28. 
Yes. 
Okay. And because of the export mix that you are intending that you will have some exports in 
the future. So, do you see your margins improving because of that also? 
Page 11 of 23

  
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Manish Garg: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Well, I think our margins are going to increase, we feel. We can't promise on a couple of reasons. 
One is, of course, as we do larger and larger products, you make more money on larger project 
because the direct costs are not as high as one INR1O0 crores -- one INR100 crores project or 10 
INR1O crores project, invariably, you will make more money in the INR100 crores project. 
You will get -- also you'll start getting better prices as you move up the value chain because the 
clients' requirements and clients' expectations in INR100 crores or INR200 crores project is very 
different than a customer who's setting up a INR10 crores project. So, you can command higher 
because you are one of the 
1 or 2 companies only which can do his projects. 
Third is, of course, your internal operational leverage and internal economies, which we are 
constantly working on. How do you save wastage? How do you do better? We are adopting a 
system called cut to length that we buy material from the mills and ourselves, cut exactly to 
length, which avoids wastage. 
How to improve productivity by automating more and more of our -- we have spent a lot of 
money on our existing plants, automating 
a lot of the processes that we were earlier doing 
manually, which improves quality. But also -- so I think these 3 areas will help us improve our 
exports, I would -- exports does get you more money, that's for sure. But right now, I think for 
next 1 or 2 years, I don't see it being a major part of our sales. 
But yes, we want to be a participant because exports gives the company a different image, which 
is very critical for our company. If you can export to U.S.A. and Canada, you are considered a 
different level of player than a company which is only doing localized Indian business. And of 
course, we feel that the more arms like an octopus, the more arms we have in high-rise, data 
centers, exports, heavy structures, industrial building, the more it helps us in attaining higher 
targets being a serious player. 
And also sometimes there's a slowdown in one part of the industry or the other part of some 
building. So you make it up because you are in the multiple sort of areas. So that is the real 
reason for exports. But yes, I think to get better margins, we are trying on very different levels 
constantly. 
We take our next question from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. 
Mr. Nanda, congratulations to you and your team. Sir, my first question is in terms of your 
average order sizes. So, we have seen that, that has increased over the years. So possibly, 1f you 
could help us understand on that and also the orders that possibly you would have taken over 
INR20 crores, INR50 crores, what's the overall mix of that in your overall order pipeline? 
Okay. I'll request Manish to take that question. Manish? 
Yes, sir. So our average order book, that's your first part. Our average order size has increased 
from an average of about INR3.5 crores, INR4 crores 3 years ago to INR10 crores to INR11 
crores now. So that's the major change. In terms of the mix, we would say that about 50% of our 
orders are coming from orders which are above INR20 crores. 
Page 12 of 23

  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Manish Garg: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Manish Garg: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Manish Garg: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Sure. And sir, are you actively bidding for more of these larger sized product orders? 
Absolutely. I wouldn't say that we were not bidding for large projects earlier. I think our hit rate 
over the last 3 years, we always bid for large projects, but our hit rate was low. And as Mr. 
Nanda earlier also explained that in last 3 years, we have been able to move the needle is that 
our hit rate in the larger projects has become much better. And therefore, this change in the order 
mix and the average order size. So yes, we are getting more orders of those kinds. 
Sure. And sir, your order book also is quite healthy. So,what will be the execution time line for 
that? 
So, execution time, generally, all our orders, I would say, largest order also will never have a 
time line to execute more than 
1 year. So I would say whatever order book we have, maximum 
orders, maximum orders we would have to complete in about 9 months. Some of the orders, 
maybe the ones which are very -- the largest like this INR300 crores plus, they give us about a 
year. But there is no order that right now sits in my order book, which is more than 1 year. 
Sure. Sir, last question. I mean, you alluded that there are a lot of large orders that they are in 
the market. And you also alluded to the fact that your win rate or hit rate has also gone up. And 
despite the fact that there has been general slowdown in private capex. So what has structurally 
changed over, say, the last few years, wherein possibly the share towards players like you has 
been accelerating? Because, I mean, historically, if one were to go back, I mean, the share of 
unorganized has always remained high. But what has structurally changed over the last few 
years? 
See, I think in terms of the shift of the -- even if we look at MSMEs, for some reason, and I think 
very definitive reasons because even when an SME or MSME was putting a capital investment, 
INRS crores, INR10 crores, INR20 crores, they were very certain that they want it on time, and 
they want it from a reliable party. That is why the gradual shift to buy, like you see people buying 
branded goods more than ever before. 
So, I think that has shifted. A lot more people are buying from what I would say, organized 
sector companies. And then I would say that our track record in the blue-chip companies was so 
good that a lot more came to us. 
Our hit rate became much better. And that is why -- and the slowdown that I think a lot of people 
do keep talking about, we have never really felt it at least for the last 5 years is that there is a 
slowdown maybe because our share keeps growing and the pie also looks to be bigger because 
there 
is also 
a lot of conversion that happens from the conventional building to the pre- 
engineered building. So that essentially, I should say, is the reason of our order book and our 
execution remaining very robust over the last 10 years. 
I think I would just like to add one thing to this. You see, Jaiveer, also over the last 2, 3 years, 
these new age industries which are coming up, their size of their building requirement like 
microchips or renewable or lithium is very large. They are like automobile plants of the 2010 or 
2005. So, they are very large sizes, being 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 tons, INR200 crores, INR300 
crores, INR400 crores kind of plants. 
Page 13 of 23

  
Moderator: 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So -- and there were a lot of buildings even in these very large plants, people wanted to do in 
fabricated steel. They felt that there is no pre-engineered building company in India, which is 
capable of doing all this, design, engineering, manufacturing, delivering on time. So they wanted 
to go the conventional way. Let's go for L&T or Shapoorji, give them the building, give them a 
INR500 crores order and they will do it. 
But over a period of time, last 4, 5 years, as we were mentioning, we have tried to build up that 
faith by doing a lot of development and a lot of work also on the ground to show that, yes, 
companies like us are capable of doing that. So that has also led to a major shift. It was not that 
there were no INR300 crores, INR400 crores, INR500 crores orders 5 years ago. 
But I would say that they were going more to fabricated industry going to a contractor like 
Shapoorji or L&T rather than a pre-engineered building. So, I think pre-engineered building 
companies have really upped their game in that sense to convince these people. And Interarch 
has been a bigger gainer in that because we were the leaders in upping that game. 
And secondly, we have also shown that if it's a INR500 crores order, earlier, we could be 
1 of 
the 3 players. But gradually, we have become 
1 of the 2 players who would get it. And now like 
we saw in the last order, we got the full order. So both these things are happening. Orders which 
are changing from fabricated steel to -- see, you must understand that the client feels that how 
can a company like Interarch do INR500 crores unless we prove it. 
See, their normal method was give it to L&T and be done with it. So, all these changes have 
happened. And I think Interarch and I don't want to name our competitors, but some of our 
competitors have done a great job in this. And we have all together managed to change the whole 
face of the industry. 
And I think going forward, even INR1,000 crores orders will not be something rare. It's all up 
to us to show it. And Interarch has, of course, built a huge place for itself in this. And you have 
to show to the customers that you can engineer, design, submit everything on time, do the jobs. 
And then like a step-by-step business, you do INR100 crores order, next time you can aim for 
INR125 crores, then INR150 crores. So that way we have been building up. So I think that's 
what's changed for Interarch. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors LLP. 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
I was just trying to understand why has the gross 
margins gone up this time around? Yes, just trying to -- what is the driver for that? 
On the quarter basis or year-to-year? 
On this quarter. 
See, in our business, we have seen for many years that every quarter is -- like the first quarter is 
normally the worst for us out of the 4 quarters. First, second quarters are lower, then third quarter 
starts picking up and fourth quarter is invariably the best for many reasons. Of course, the climate 
is the best in those regions. 
Page 14 of 23

  
Parikshit Kabra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Rahul Kumar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Rahul Kumar: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
A lot of companies want to finish their projects in March. So, a lot of our gross revenue also 
depends on the quarter that we are looking at. And the margins also go up as the sales go up in 
any of these quarters. Invariably, our fourth quarter is better than third and third is better than 
first and second. 
Okay. So -- but then at an overall level also this year is much better than last year. What would 
be the reason for that? 
I think we have built up our capacity. This is a lot of business to do with your capacity and your 
ability to take orders and deliver. So, I think as we built up, like last year, we added Andhra 
Pradesh plant, we upgraded the other plants. So we added a lot to our capacity to build up. And 
it's a plan that we made, we would say, in 2023-'24 when we said that in'28, we will do INR2,400 
crores turnover. So, we had to start building our capacities. 
And in the business environment that exists today, I don't think the orders for us is a problem to 
get. So, we are trying to build our capacity, and that capacity has helped us get more orders. So 
that is another reason that we have been able to do, and that is what we are banking on, because 
if we don't have capacity, naturally, we can't take the orders. We have to achieve INR2,400 
crores, yes. 
Sorry, sorry. Please continue. 
So if we have to achieve INR2,400 crores by FY'27, '28, we have to achieve 17%, 18%, 20% 
growth in the next 2, 3 years to do that. So, we are going for capacity order situation, we do not 
see as a problem right now. 
I understand. So actually, my point was that this is not -- this gross margin expansion is not 
because of steel price fluctuations, and this is purely an operating leverage play that as your 
capacity utilization is increasing, your gross margin has increased? 
Yes. In fact, in this year, the steel prices have gone down. That's why you see our quantity is 
that 
-- quantity is a little higher than our revenue. Steel prices have gone down. But steel prices 
don't really affect us too much in terms of profitability in that sense. But it is definitely not 
because of steel prices this year, definitely steel prices moved down throughout the year. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya. 
A couple of numbers questions. So for this quarter, what led to the sharp increase in the other 
expense besides the volumes led increase? 
Other expense, Mr. Bansal, Anil... 
Yes, yes. So sir, the other expenses constitute of basically our erection and job work charges, 
our stores and spares, freight and forwarding. And the growth in the other expenses is almost in 
the ratio of growth in sales. 
Okay. So there are no other... 
Page 15 of 23

  
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Rahul Kumar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Rahul Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Raunaq Sabharwal: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Raunaq Sabharwal: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Raunaq Sabharwal: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Raunaq Sabharwal: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
There is no extraordinary. There is no unusual thing, basically traveling, freight and forwarding, 
stores and spares. Major chunk of that is erection, installation and job work. 
Okay. And second question which I have is more on the volume side. What kind of volume 
growth do we expect in FY '26? And do we expect a similar seasonality which we had seen in 
FY '25 to play out in FY '26 as well? 
Yes, we are pushing for a growth of about 17.5% in the coming year. And we have the order 
book for it. So, we have to just execute the order book, and I think we should be on track. And 
of course, with the addition of capacity in Andhra and in North India, that should give us the 
basis for achieving that turnover. So, we are aiming for a 17.5% growth and maybe a similar in 
the profit before tax and EBITDA. So that's what we are aiming for. And then hopefully, 20% 
in the following year because then we'll have more capacity in place. 
And in terms of seasonality... 
Rahul, I request you to join back the queue, please. We'll take our next question from the line of 
Raunaq Sabharwal from PhillipCapital PCG. 
Congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers. Just 2 questions from my end. What was the 
volumes in Q4 and FY '25 as a whole? How would they compare to FY '24? And second question 
was under current assets, the line item, other financial assets, which has substantially increased. 
Can you please share some light on that? 
On that second part, Anil, can you do -- -- the volume that we have done in this year 1s 1,24,000 
tons compared to 1,09,000 tons last year. So growth of 13.4%. 
Right. 
Okay. And the other item, Anil, can you answer? 
What was the second question, sir? 
Yes, sir, what was the second question? Can you please repeat? 
Yes. So in current assets, there is a line item, other financial assets, which has substantially 
increased from INR43 lakhs to around INR94 crores. What is that item? 
Other financial assets. Unbilled, we have to take care of Ind AS 115 
1s basically based on 
completion method. So, you book that. 
No, no. I think first is that it's increasing of INR43 lakhs to INR1.49 crores not INR94 crores. 
Right? Other financial assets... 
Other financial assets under current assets, financial investments. 
Yes, under financial assets. Yes, it's gone up from INR43 lakhs last year to INR1.49 crores. 
Page 16 of 23

  
Raunaq Sabharwal: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Vora 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Okay. I'll just recheck that and get back. 
So, we can give the details after this call because readily, we don't have the micro details in my 
front. So, we can take this immediately after this call. 
It's not INR94 crores, yes. 
It's not INR94 crores. I just saw, but I will give you the breakout of it. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Rohan Vora from Envision Capital. 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, I have 2 questions. The first question was as 
our contract duration keeps on increasing, we go for larger contracts. How do we plan to handle 
the raw material price volatility? Are these going to be more variable contracts? Or what is the 
plan on that? That was one. 
Sir, second, I see that our gross margin has -- for the full year has gone up by 200-plus basis 
points. However, not everything has flown down to the EBITDA margin. So, other expenses 
have gone up as compared to the last year, even as a percentage of sales. So, what is the reason 
for that? 
Okay. So for the steel pricing, you see, as you get into the larger orders, of course, the idea is to 
try and let the customer take the risk and get variable pricing. But in more and more cases, the 
customer is not ready to do it because he feels that prices are not varying too much today. The 
price variation is very nominal, plus/minus both ways. So we don't want to get into all this hassle 
of checking prices and then going through audit, etcetera. 
So, the important thing is that, see, in variable pricing, the customer takes the risk for the steel 
pricing increase and decrease. So, he will also demand from you a price accordingly when you 
bid. If he expects you to take the risk, then you have to sort of plan as to how much price do you 
want to build into your price to take that risk. 
Since we are in touch with a 
lot of the steel companies, we carry 2 months of stock, 2 months of 
material is always on order with them, 2-3 months visibility we normally have from suppliers. 
So, we build in a little bit of price increase into our pricing. So, like I've mentioned before also 
to in other investor calls is that, see, raw material -- steel is a raw material for us. 
And like everything else, we have to learn to manage it. Of course, we can pass on the risk if we 
can, but sometimes we can't, and we have to manage it. So, it's not that steel prices going up will 
always be hitting us in the prices. We have to manage it. We have to make sure that we have bid 
for it and built in the prices. 
Yes, the only time that things can go very bad is like what happened after COVID and Ukraine 
war that prices shot up by 50%, 60%. So that is very rare in the steel industry. I think it's once 
in the last 15, 17 years. And that time, even though we had -- did not have variable pricing, but 
we went to every customer and they all agreed. 
Page 17 of 23

  
Rohan Vora: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Rohan Vora: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Vora: 
Moderator: 
Ninad Sarpotdar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
So there was no question of customer does not expect that you have planned for that kind of a 
thing. So I think over a period of time, we have learned that if we can plan for it, we bid in the 
price and we ask the customers to pay that price. And if we ready to take the variable pricing, if 
we say, no, your price is too high, we say, okay, then you take the risk and we'll give you a lower 
price. 
But we have managed it reasonably well, I think, in the last 
1 year, while there has been like 
prices went down and this thing just started going up towards the end of the financial year, I 
think we have managed it fairly well. But we have stocks and we have orders with them. So, 4 
to 5 months material is already at a fixed price for any time. 
Understood, sir. And sir, on the second question... 
Second part is, Anil, did you hear that second part on the other -- while the margins have gone 
up, why the other expenses have gone up more? 
So basically, sir, this major chunk -- the share of that other expenses is erection, installation and 
job work charges and there are power and fuel and spares, stores and spares. And the benefit of 
-- and of course, there 
is an employee cost of ESOP, the other expenses overall. So, the 
percentage increase in other expenses, if I'm not wrong, is around 15%, 16%. The turnover 
growth is around 13%. 
Does that answer your question? Yes. 
Yes. So sir, just asking... 
Rohan, I request you to join back the queue, please. 
Okay. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Ninad Sarpotdar from Aditya Birla Money. 
I have 2 questions. First is on the capacity and the utilizable capacity side. Sir, since we had land 
in, I mean, Gujarat, why did we -- I mean, what was the ideology behind buying the new parcel 
in Andhra itself for the heavy structures? 
And on the Page number 32 of your slide, when you have given the utilizable capacity for the 
Phase 2 of Andhra and Kichha expansion, ideally, in your historical capacities, the ratio hovers 
to around 83% to 85%. But for the new capacity, it's around 80%. So being at the same site, I 
expect more synergies. Why is the ratio lower? 
Okay. See, Andhra land came up to us as a very good opportunity a few months ago, because it 
was a plot right next to our existing plot. So anyway, we had to plan for another -- see, we have 
to build 2 new plants in the -- one starting this year and one starting next year to meet our target 
-- targeted sale of INR2.400 crores of that capacity that we need for that by FY'27-'28. 
So, we had an option that either we go to totally another location. But because this opportunity 
came up, we took it. And that has its own advantages because it's already where we are. We 
Page 18 of 23

  
Ninad Sarpotdar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Ninad Sarpotdar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
know the industry, the 
labor, our own management 
is 
the 
same. We 
don't need 
a new 
management team. So we felt that it is a good opportunity to take up and buy that land. 
And I think we are going to start that before Gujarat because it is much easier for us to start there 
since we do not need a new team at all, and we have to build fast. So that was the primary reason 
why we went in for this Andhra plant. And -- but anyway, we were looking for another location 
because we had to plan that where will we start the plant next year. 
That had to be done because normally, the land acquisition takes a 
little longest time in the whole 
plant setup. So that was very critical. See, the lower capacity might be because we are just -- 
when we set up a new line, we are not sure that -- you are right, 100% right, that it should give 
us more capacity. These newer plants are a little bit more automated, should be more productive. 
But we have just been taken it on a 
little conservative side that in the initial stages, it might take 
more time to reach the full capacity. 
So, it's not like an on-off switch that we put it on and immediately the full installed utilizable 
capacity comes into play. It can take a few months or 8, 9 months for it to cross -- it should cross 
it. What you are saying 1s 100% right. It should cross it. But we have been a little conservative 
because it's a new plant. 
Understood. So, this is not like a hard cap on the utilizable capacity. Just indicative... 
No, no. We are always trying to increase it, yes. 
Yes. And on the second question, sir, this INR1,650 crores of approximately -- approximate 
order book that you have, how are the margins on this? Are these better than what you are doing 
currently? And do we see some margin pressure when the new capacity comes live? So, in the 
short term, will we see some margin pressure on the operating front? 
See, we are trying to make the same margins. No, we don't try to take orders -- I mean, there's a 
certain margin that we have in mind, which we need to earn. Below that, we would not go out 
and take the order unless it's a totally some situation where we have no other choice because the 
customer is very good, customer or something. 
But normally, we do not accept orders where we are not totally safe with the customer, not safe 
about our money being coming in and not having a good margin. But we feel that as the turnover 
goes up, as the order books go up, we should be able to earn a better margin. 
One is what you aim to make. And one is that due to your operational leverage and your better 
working and more productive working because the order sizes get larger, we should be able to 
earn a better margin. That's what we hope that we will earn a better margin rather than trying to 
make one because the competitive environment is still there. 
The environment is still very competitive. And therefore, sometimes you can't ask the customer 
to pay you more. You have to take it at a competitive price. But we are certainly in a position to 
earn a better margin, I would say, that is our aim. 
Page 19 of 23

  
Ninad Sarpotdar: 
Moderator: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Aasim Bharde: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Aasim Bharde: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
Sir, about the pressure in the... 
Ninad, I request you to join back the queue please. 
There is no pressure -- there is no pressure as such at all. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Aasim from DAM Capital. 
So actually, I had a more basic question around the EBITDA margin, the percentage EBITDA 
margin number. I think in recent calls, you have talked about 10% EBITDA margin 1s what you 
will approach soon basis the current unit economics. I just want to know what potential levers 
are there with you today or whether once the new plants come in to take that percentage number 
above the 10% mark? 
I think I mentioned this earlier also in my -- one of the questions that we always try 3 levers. 
Besides the customer, I mean, getting money -- more money from the customer is, of course, a 
lever, which everybody wants, but it's not in our hands. See, number one 1s that the larger the 
orders that we do, we can earn more money because the kind of effort and cost involved in a, 
say, 10 INR10 crores orders is more than a single INR100 crores order. 
So you can earn more because you can finish it faster, the customers are better, production is 
better. So one is, of course, that the larger the orders you get, you -- hopefully, you will earn a 
better EBITDA margin going forward. 
Second 
is your own internal economies that, again, 
as the orders get bigger, the internal 
economies also become more into play because you can again use your production, cash flow, 
getting money from large customers becomes easier. So scrap, you can order material to sizes, 
as we call cut to length so that you can make more -- less wastage, et cetera, etcetera. 
And on the third side, what we are doing is for the other, our production processes, etcetera, to 
automatize and to do better bargaining with our suppliers to have more strength. The more orders 
we do, the larger ones business we have, our power to get better pricing from our suppliers, 
whether it is steel, whether it is paint gets better. So, these 3 things help us when we do more 
business. 
So then basically, you should be -- since you are now getting larger orders and you are like 
technically almost the second largest player maybe in the Indian market, you should be crossing 
that barrier of 10%, maybe in the next 2, 3 years, but should definitely cross, right? That 10% 
won't be like a cap kind of a thing. 
Well, if you look at -- I mean, EBITDA is somebody -- everybody's favorite word. But if you 
look at our profit before tax, it is higher than the EBITDA because we have -- we earn money, 
we don't have any debt. So it is more or less pretty similar. We are, I think, crossing the 10%. If 
I'm not mistaken, I think EBITDA, we have crossed -- we have touched 9.3%. 
Page 20 of 23

  
Aasim Bharde: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Aasim Bharde: 
Moderator: 
Aasim Bharde: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Aasim Bharde: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Aasim Bharde: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
We've got 9.3% in March '25 and 9.8% profit before tax. So I think more relevant for us would 
be profit before tax. So it's already 9.8%, and in the quarter, we did do about 10.8%. So yes, we 
are aiming for it, and we break the single-digit barrier. 
Sorry, may I give the right number, sir? EBITDA margins for latest quarter is 10.5% and PBT 
margin is 10.9% for the Q4 FY '25. We crossed -- we have done better... 
That what I've said. For the year, it is 9.8%. And for the quarter, it has already crossed 10%. So 
we are very hopeful that it will cross, but you want to be in that ball game until we actually start 
achieving it because we have to achieve it. We are not going to get it from our customers. That 
is what we are trying to do. But certainly, our aim is to go much higher. 
Sure. Got that. And just 2 follow-ups around this bit only. One, does having... 
Aasim, I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have other participants waiting for 
their turn. 
This was just one question. I continue to ask my second question. Can I go ahead with that? 
Okay. Go ahead, go ahead. 
Sorry, I'll just be very brief. So, within the margin opportunity, so right now, does erection and 
installation also helps you boost that margin bit? And secondly, whenever you do exports, 
especially the U.S. and Canadian market, we did talk about turnover being higher, but does that 
also help move the margin lever higher? 
For exports, the volumes are very low. Margins are higher per order, but the volume is very low 
to make an overall effect right now. But like I said, it's an area we are getting into. And hopefully, 
it will have a substantial revenue turnover in a few years going forward. We are trying to break 
through in some large orders there also, but I can't say anything about it in that sense. And sorry, 
your first part was? 
Erection and installation, be part of the order... 
Erection and installation is normally a pass-through. We just earn enough to cover our costs, 
internal cost and the outsourcing. We try to make our margin on the totality of the project rather 
than on each bit because the customer gives us the order on a full building. He doesn't give us a 
breakup that this 1s what I will do. So we try to make an overall margin. But do our costing -- 
when we do our costing, erection is more or less an erection plus x percentage to cover our 
internal cost as a cost. 
We'll take our next question from the line of Nikhil Purohit from Fident Asset Management. 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. My first question is, sir, what was the FY '25 capex amount? 
And what is the guidance for the FY '26 capex? 
See, I think we have spent, if I am not mistaken, about INR65 crores on capex in this financial 
year. And in the coming year, I think we are aiming because it will overlap the year, out of the 
Page 21 of 23

  
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Anil Kumar Chandani: 
Moderator: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
May 22, 2025 
INR65 crores, some was work in progress. Some will be spent this year to finish Andhra Phase 
2 and the Kichha last -- the latest line. 
The new plant, which will straggle the financial year, but will probably -- we will start in July, 
August, and it should go up to next July and August, will be about another INR80 crores we are 
anticipating. So it could be mostly in this year, some in the next year, but that is our plan to 
spend another INR80 crores besides the INR70 crores, INR80 crores we have spent. 
Okay. So FY '26 will be around INR80 crores? 
Yes, because some will straggle from last year coming forward and some will come from -- yes. 
So it will straggle the year, but plan is this, each one of our new plants cost us approximately 
INR70 crores to INR80 crores in capital cost. 
Got it. And just one another question. So we've mentioned doubling of revenue by FY '28 from 
the base of FY '24. Yes, FY'24 to FY'28. So based on that, the revenue guidance comes to around 
INR2,600 crores. So are we revising it downwards or... 
So no, we were saying that approximately, but we were mentioning a figure of INR2.400 crores 
to INR2,500 crores because steel prices can also change. We said that is our aim. So, we are 
aiming for about INR2,400 crores to INR2,500 crores. And I think we are building our capacity 
for that to achieve it. We should be able to achieve INR2,400 crores to INR2,500 crores by 
FY'27-'28. 
Got it. Okay. And just one last bookkeeping question. What were the bank guarantee charges 
for this quarter? 
Bank guarantee? 
Bank guarantee charges for quarter 4 FY '25. 
Anil, do you have any separate figures for bank guarantees? 
Yes. So the weighted average bank guarantees, which we take is 0.7% per annum, 0.7% per 
annum. These are the charges which we pay to the banks, weighted average. 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we'll take that as the last question for today. I 
now hand over the call to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you for joining. And 
if anybody has any more 
questions, you can always reach out to us. I think most of you know us our CFO or Anil. Please 
reach out to us if we can help you in any other way, give you more questions, answers to more 
questions, clarifications, host you to any of our plants to visit our sites. 
Please call to SGA or to AMBIT, and we'll be very happy to host you and give clarifications for 
any queries that you may have left still. Thank you very much for joining, and thank you for all 
your good wishes and congratulations. We look forward to future good investor calls. Thank 
you very much. 
Page 22 of 23

Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
  
May 22, 2025 
Manish Garg: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Arvind Nanda: 
And then thank you, SGA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Ambit Capital Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 23 of 23
