 
 
Date: 23rd May 2025 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 533293    
 
                      NSE Scrip Code: KIRLOSENG 
 
 
 
 
To  
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
          To  
          Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
          Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),   
          Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is to inform you that: 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 including amendments thereunder and in continuation of earlier 
communication vide letter dated 10th May 2025, 15th May 2025 and 17th May 2025, we 
hereby inform that the Transcript of the Conference Call/Webcast for Investors and 
Analysts held on Friday, 16th May 2025, at 9.30 a.m. (IST) to discuss the Audited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025, has 
been uploaded on the website of the Company, viz. www.kirloskaroilengines.com.  
 
The same is also enclosed herewith. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited  
 
 
Farah Irani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Farah 
Tehmton Irani
Digitally signed by 
Farah Tehmton Irani 
Date: 2025.05.23 
10:37:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
Earnings Webcast  
May 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. GAURI KIRLOSKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KIRLOSKAR OIL ENGINES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL SAHAI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
KIRLOSKAR OIL ENGINES LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN KEJRIWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
KIRLOSKAR OIL ENGINES LIMITED 
 
MR. GEORGE VERGHESE – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER – KIRLOSKAR OIL ENGINES LIMITED 
 
MR. SAMRAT GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ARKA 
FINCAP LIMITED 
 
MS. RIDHI GANGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ARKA FINCAP LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Yes, Good morning, everyone. So one of the reasons that we felt it was very important to meet 
you today in person, two reasons actually. One is that we've come to the end of the very 
significant journey for us, the end of our 2X-3Y journey. And so we felt it was important that 
we share some of that the learnings with you and what we feel we have achieved. 
 
We also have a new leadership team at Arka and a new strategy that we're pivoting to at Arka. 
And so we felt it was important that you meet some of the team from there and they can also 
answer any questions that you have. Ridhi can please come and sit in front. You all would have 
seen the Q4 and the FY '25 results and we will be happy to answer any questions that you may 
have on those as well. 
 
So first, I just like to introduce my team. We have Rahul Sahai, CEO, if you can just stand, so 
they can see you, CEO at KOEL. We have Sachin who is the CFO at KOEL We have George 
who is the CHRO From the Arka side, we have Samrat who is the new MD who was appointed 
in October of last year and Ridhi Gangar, who has just joined us 2.5 months ago. I'll just take a 
moment to say I feel very privileged and lucky to work with this team. Each of them are 
extremely passionate about what they do, super hard-working people and great team builders 
and team leaders. 
 
And so thank you for joining me in this journey and for choosing to join me in this journey. So 
as most of you know, we had said at the beginning of FY '23 that our aspiration is to grow 2x in 
3 years. We not only had the strategy, but we had also decided at that point of time to announce 
it publicly. And it was something that we had never done like basically having a very ambitious 
goal and then announcing it externally first. 
 
As a management team, we felt that it's important to do it because we wanted to drive certain 
behaviors internally. And we also, as a leadership team who wanted to hold ourselves 
accountable to this goal. It's definitely debatable whether doing such a good thing -- such a thing 
is a good idea or not. But at that point in time, we knew that it was the right thing to do. 
 
We had also laid out a clear plan on the right side of the slide to achieve that goal and then some 
pillars around which the growth would happen. This is what we call our Gold Tree. Based on 
the strategy and the growth pillars we had come out with certain key programs that we knew as 
a leadership team, we would have to track and focus on, and we would have to make progress 
on each and every one of these to be able to see success. 
 
This was something that was circulated throughout the organization. And when I say circulated, 
it means that at every meeting or every review or every field visit that we did as a leadership 
team in those early days. The Gold Tree was something that we explained. And depending on 
which team we spoke to, we went into detail on which pillar was the one that they would be 
contributing to and how could they contribute. 
 
So at a regular cadence, the people sitting in this room would review these projects to make sure 
that we were making the progress that we wanted. If someone would ask me what do I think is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
the most significant achievement that we've had in the last 3 years, I would say that it's our 
product portfolio. 
 
As you all know, KOEL was always known for its dominance in the low and medium 
horsepower market, and we had very little or no market share in the high horsepower segment. 
In fact, upwards of 250 kVA, we were not really dominant in the space, and this was really the 
large opportunity that we saw in front of us. 
 
In an industry like us, platform development or engine development takes years, multiple years, 
then you have to get it field tested. You have to get it stabilized. And if you look at our product 
portfolio from 2022 to now, we have a range that runs from 3 kVA to 6 megawatts and even 
higher if we look at the slow speed engine range. 
 
We not only have the range. We also today have a portfolio in the high horsepower range, which 
no one else can match, whether it comes to footprint, fuel efficiency, or total cost of ownership. 
So I feel that at the end of our 2X-3Y journey, we really have something that puts us or gives us 
the right foundation for the next phase of growth. 
 
The team was able to build out this kind of product portfolio along with a lot of complexity in 
the last 3 years, which came from the emissions changes that we saw on the powergen side, the 
CPCB IV+ change as well as the BS V change that we just went through in January. 
 
So we're very, very proud of what we have achieved as a team in terms of this product portfolio. 
I'll now show you 2 videos. The first one is of our product called Sentinel, where we really 
wanted to make sure we had a portable genset that was on par with, let's say, global aesthetics 
and design. So that's the first video. I'm not sure how we can play it. 
[Video Presentation] 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
The 1,000 kVA genset, which is the world's smallest housing kVA genset that we launched 
recently at Middle East Energy. The footprint of this genset is the same in terms of length and 
width of a 250 kVA genset. So it's a significant disruption in terms of our product. 
[Video Presentation] 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So as you all know, one of the fastest-growing segments in the high horsepower space is the data 
center segment. So this is a product that we can approach data center customers with. This is a 
prestigious order that we won last year from the Indian Navy to develop a 6-megawatt engine 
for marine main propulsion. 
 
So it's not that we've not executed projects of this size. We have done it before. The big 
difference in the significance of this project for us is that we are the ones who are developing 
and designing the engines in India. In the past, we had a technology collaboration with a foreign 
partner. So that's the big difference. We're doing the design, the development and then the 
manufacturing and assembly as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
This means that the IP rights will be held within the country, which is obviously very significant 
in the current environment that we're in, because it's a step in terms of self-reliance and it's also 
a testimony of our engineering and R&D capabilities. If we look at how we would want to attract 
engineering talent into our company, this is actually an engine which not many people or perhaps 
no one can say that they're working on in India.  
So if you look at our 2X-3Y journey across our business segments, we can see that all of the 
businesses have grown over 1.5 times, except for FMS, which is farm mechanization, which saw 
a decline. But I'm happy to report on the farm mechanization side that the changes that we've 
made, which is essentially to get the business to break even, are working out.  
And if we go back to what the strategy that we had laid out, the main pillar of growth was also 
international increasing the share of wallet on the high horsepower side and the aftermarket 
business and all of these have seen significant work and results in the numbers. So, overall, if 
we look at what we've achieved in numbers against a 2X target, we grew 1.6 times. This is 
despite a volatile market post the emission norm change on the Genset and the industrial side, 
where actually our entire product portfolio has changed.  
And while making significant changes on the channel side as well, which was important for us 
to do in terms of our long-term business sustenance. Our EBITDA and cash have crossed the 2X 
mark and have grown by 2.4 times and 2.6 times, respectively. So if I look at our overall 
performance, it is very satisfying and significant from where we started, and I'm very, very proud 
of the team.  
To move on to Arka. What we communicated in our previous analyst meets, which was Arka's 
initial phase, which I will refer to as Arka 1.0, we were purely focused on establishing a stable 
loan book, and we had put in an initial equity infusion from Kirloskar Oil Engines. 
Our objectives were to achieve sustainable growth, maintain very, very low delinquencies and 
establish Arka's reputation in the market for reliability. So the team has successfully delivered 
on all of these objectives. The current AUM stands at over INR7,200 crores. Our GNPAs are 
below 0.7%. And that demonstrates robust operational and risk management systems. 
The book has also generated healthy returns commensurate with the kind of portfolio that it has. 
This stable foundation now provides an ideal platform for our next strategic phase, which we 
will call Arka 2.0, where we're focused on building a diversified retail-focused high-return 
portfolio.  
Following Samrat's appointment as Managing Director at Arka after Vimal superannuated, we 
have come up with a revamped strategic roadmap, and this was presented to and approved by 
the Board very recently. It outlines a laser sharp focus on building a secured granular retail book 
propelled by twin engines being small ticket loans against property and pre-owned vehicles 
financing -- pre-owned wheels financing. 
During this growth -- driving this growth will be the building out a very, very robust distribution 
network across India. In this fiscal year, we're starting with approximately 7 states. And we will 
also be leveraging KOEL's existing distribution capabilities and market standing, especially in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
penetrating Tier 2 cities and beyond. These represent our key customer segments for these 
products. 
The team is committed to delivering 3 times AUM growth, enhancing ROA to 3%, while 
maintaining GNPAs below 3%. So that's what we call our 333 strategy. The group's long-term 
philosophy has consistently centered on sustainable growth and the creation of a generational 
value across our businesses. We empower each entity, including Arka to operate with the 
freedom to develop tailored strategies, ensuring self-sufficiency and deliver consistent value to 
stakeholders. 
So with all of this, we believe that we have the right ingredients in place for our next phase of 
growth, which we call the 2B, 2 billion strategy. We had announced it already in quarter 3 that 
the aspiration is to grow to a $2 billion organization by fiscal year '30. If 2X-3Y was ambitious, 
this one is far, far more aggressive. 
Firstly, because the goal is, of course, much higher, but also because we have reached a 
significant size already over the last 3 years and a lot of the low-hanging fruit in terms of change 
is now gone. So it's going to be much harder therefore to start to grow at this rate. We are aware 
of this, but we're clear on where we need to focus and where the growth segments are and we've 
mentioned some of those pillars on this slide. 
So even though some of them are laid out in specific years, some of these will stretch across the 
5 years. The idea is to be clear on what the segments are, when we will focus on them and where. 
So as I look back on the last 3 years, it has been quite a journey for all of us. It's been an 
experience of great learnings. Not everything went according to our plan, and there were many 
things that actually didn't turn out the way that we expected them to. 
But despite all of that, as a team, we've been able to achieve significant growth in the 
organization. So thank you very much. I'll now request Sachin to come up and just take us 
through the Q4 and fiscal year-end numbers. 
Sachin Kejriwal: 
Thanks, Gauri, for the update. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's 
Investor Meet. And I'm truly excited standing here and sharing the financial numbers with you 
all. So moving to the quarterly performance. So for Q4, first time in the history, we have crossed 
INR1,400 crores of sales, and this is our highest ever sales in so many years. 
The growth is 21% compared to the previous quarter. And compared to the last year, the growth 
was 2%. On EBITDA side, for the quarter, our margin was 12.1% compared to last quarter, it 
was 10.1%. So we have grown 200 basis points compared to the previous quarter. And last year, 
our EBITDA performance was 12.8%. So the dip, what you see in quarter 4 compared to the last 
year, it's purely because of the product mix. 
On the profit after tax and margin, our Q4 PAT margin was 7.5%. Again, we have seen a good 
growth compared to the last quarter. So last quarter, it was 5.6%. So we have seen 200 basis 
point expansion in the profit after tax compared to the previous quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Moving to the annual sales for FY '25, again, for the first time, we have crossed INR5,000 crores 
of sales, which is 6% growth compared to the last year. On EBITDA side, again, you can see 
that 100 basis point expansion. So for FY '25, our EBITDA was 12.8% compared to last financial 
year, it was 11.7%.  
So we have seen an expansion of 110 basis points in our EBITDA performance. On the profit 
and tax and margin for FY '25, our PAT margin is 8.1% compared to the last year of 7.5%. So 
again, on a stand-alone basis, we have seen expansion in our PAT for the full year. 
Moving to the business unit-wise performance. So you can see that we operate in KOEL stand-
alone in 2 segments, that is B2B and B2C. So B2B business has grown 6% compared to the last 
year. And industrial business and distribution and aftermarket have grown in double-digit. So 
industrial business have grown 12%, distribution and aftermarket has grown 13%. In powergen 
side, we have seen a growth of 3%. 
 
We all know that in powergen, we went through a major transition where we move from CPCB 
II to CPCB IV+ effective 1st of July. I'm happy to share that in powergen, for the first time in 
HHP, we have crossed INR100 crores of sales. So our sales for the full year was INR110 crores, 
which is 20% growth compared to the last year, and we continue to defend our market share on 
LMHP. 
 
On B2C side, again, we have seen a growth of 2%. As you are aware that in last financial year, 
we have done this plant consolidation in B2C side. So we have seen subdued performance in 
quarter 2 and quarter 3, but now plant has been stabilized and we see a better performance from 
B2C side. And that's why those growths are translated into WMS business, which is water 
management solution business. We have seen a growth of 7% and international exports, so we 
have seen a growth of 67% in the B2C side. 
 
Gauri already spoke about FMS that we went through a restructuring and we'll see a better 
performance from the FMS side. And I'm happy to share that in the FMS business for -- in the 
month of March, we turned positive EBITDA. So we'll see a better performance from the FMS 
side in coming years. 
 
Moving to the working capital performance. So this is also one of the good parameter for us. So 
just look at the inventories number. So we have reduced the inventory by more than INR200 
crores. So by end of quarter 3, our inventory was INR716 crores vis-a-vis end of this financial 
year, it's INR493 crores. 
 
And look at the DIO, Days Inventory Outstanding, it has improved by almost 30 days, a 
significant improvement we have seen on the inventory side and similar improvement you see 
on the receivable side, wherein it has improved from 43 days to 39 days and payables -- days 
payable outstanding remain constant at 66 days. This translates into a cash conversion cycle of 
22 days. 
 
What it means that we convert our inventory into cash in just 22 days. Being in a capital good 
industry, this is one of the very good effective management of the working capital. And the same 
you can see translating into our net cash position also. So, our net cash stands at INR448 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
So if you look at the trend in last 5 quarters, this is the most healthy and robust cash we are 
maintaining in our balance sheet. 
 
Now shifting gears to the consolidated performance. So, for the quarter 4, our sale was INR1,737 
crores, which is a 21% growth compared to the previous quarter and 6% growth compared to 
the last year. On the profit after tax and margin, we see that compared to the previous quarter, 
the growth has been 64%, but compared to the previous year, there is a slightly degrowth of 
18%. 
 
Predominantly, this is coming from our Financial Service wherein we have taken onetime 
provision in quarter 4, and we will talk more in detail in our Q&A session on that. On the annual 
basis, our sales have been close to INR6,300 crores. So it was INR6,295 crores for full year, and 
PAT was 7.1%. We just see a very marginal degrowth in the PAT, 0.4%. And as I explained that 
this is predominantly coming from our Financial Service business. 
 
Just giving you a glimpse of certain consolidated performance for B2B business. So in the B2B 
business, you see that we have seen a very strong growth of 21% compared to our previous 
quarter, which was quarter 2, and we have registered a higher service in powergen business and 
distribution in aftermarket. And we have witnessed a double-digit growth in aftermarket and on 
industrial business on year-to-date basis. 
 
So, there are certain major transition which has happened in B2B side. So I spoke about CPCB 
IV transition, which was effective 1st of July. There was another major transition, which was 
effective 1st of Jan, which is a transition from BS IV to BS V. And we have successfully 
completed those transition effective 1st of Jan. Now we see a strong demand from construction 
and defense sector in industrial business. 
 
Also, on the genset side, we are seeing that demand getting stabilizing across all the ranges. And 
I already spoke about that for high horsepower, we have had a very good start to this year 
wherein we have crossed INR100 crores for the first time. And this is just the beginning of our 
journey in HHP segment. 
 
Moving to the B2C performance. So, on the B2C side, if you look at our Q4 performance, it's 
INR317 crores, which has grown 42% compared to the previous quarter. So I know a lot of you 
were a little nervous that what's happening on the B2C side, and we kept on saying that 
consolidation work is going on in B2C side, and that will stabilize by end of Q3. 
 
So that work is completed now. And now you can see the better performance on the B2C side, 
wherein the revenue growth is 42% and just look at the profitability increase. It's 269% quarter-
on-quarter growth on the profitability in the B2C side. And compared to the last year also, we 
have seen a growth of 15% on the top line from the B2C side. 
 
So thank you. With that, we'll open up for the Q&A in a moment. 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
If there are any… 
Teena: 
Hi Gauri. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Hi Teena. 
Teena: 
Yes. Congrats with a good set of numbers. So my first question is related to genset market. On 
the current situation, has the demand stabilized and has pricing stabilized now? And how do you 
see the competition in this genset market right now? So basically, how do we see this market in 
FY '26 versus FY '25? As FY '25 was relatively weaker as far as volumes were concerned. So 
that's question number one. 
And my second question is related to your strategy to grow exports. Country wise and product 
wise and how do you see this export proportion to grow going forward? So these are my two 
questions  
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Sure I just request let's start with one question at a time. Especially when you have several 
questions embedded inside. But I'll start. So the first one was on Genset, demand and market 
stabilisation, pricing stabilisation and how we see the next year planning out. And we spoke 
about this last quarter as well. After an emission norms change it does take some time. And I'd 
say over several quarters that the market is quite dynamic And pricing and demand plays out on 
a node by node basis. 
So that is what is happening. And we are seeing volumes return to where we would expect them 
to be. And it's stabilising over the next couple of quarters and demand is strong at the moment. 
In terms of where we see our competition versus us. So Tina that's a bit hard to comment on 
because I think as a strategy, as a company we have decided where we want to focus and that's 
really our high horsepower portfolio. And we're very happy now that we have a portfolio actually 
that covers the whole range.  
So we used to talk about up to 20 to 50 kVA, we now have products up to much higher than that. 
And power demands are also higher than that. So we are able to provide that power in a footprint 
that no one else can. And we're really focused on going to customers and talking about what we 
have and bringing in that awareness around our product portfolio. Because of course the 
competition is very, very well entrenched in the high horsepower market. And so that should be 
our primary focus. So that's on the Genset side. 
On the international exports side, there are three main regions that we've been focused on. And 
that is Middle East, Africa and the US. We also have businesses elsewhere but essentially these 
are the three main focus areas that we have. And the intent is to build out entrepreneurs that are 
sustainable over time. So we have to be looking at how we can get our powergen portfolio out 
into these markets and whether we have the right business model and structure for that region, 
depending on the competitive landscape.  
So you will see that bumpiness happen until we build a significant business that is continuous 
and that takes time, it takes investment and it takes time to build relationships. It takes time for 
these things to settle down. So the Middle East is an example where we've moved into having a 
Genset OEM in the market. We are very, very clear that that is the right move. But in the short 
term there will be an impact as that settles down, for example. So I hope I've answered your 
question  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
The US as well, the US is a market where we will have to continue to make investment. To build 
out what we need to do, to get our products certified but it is an investment that we have to do 
because it's the largest Genset market in the world. So we can't not be present there 
Mihir: 
Mihir, this side. Thanks for the presentation. That was quite helpful. I wanted to understand on 
this smallest Genset 1000 kVA, which you -- the Optiprime series. I just wanted to get an 
understanding of how important it is when you compare that to other offerings which are there? 
How does it compare physical dimension, efficiency from a total cost of ownership? Some 
colour on that will be helpful and how is that a selling point, just wanted to get an understanding 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Sure, so in terms of a product, I think if you look at the industry in general, there is a lot of 
technology convergence that has happened in terms of the emission norms. So largely people 
have the same technology. I think the other big advantage is that because of the configuration, 
we can actually also ensure that we are meeting emissions compliance. For that range, where it's 
not applicable.  
So if we do for example 2000 kVA. You saw the video where we had multiple products. We can 
actually be CCCB 4 plus compliant as well which no one else can offer. So it's also significant 
from that point of view.  
Rahul, do you want to talk about fuel efficiency? So in terms of fuel efficiency, the study that 
we have done. We actually have IOT devices on all of our Gensets and we analysed the data and 
we saw that most of the Gensets that were running were running below 50% load. And that 
actually is not an efficient load. So what we created at that time is actually is more efficient 
solution. We have two engines in the same canopy. So if the load is not the full load then only 
one engine can be operational.  
Rahul: 
So if you look at it from a cost of ownership, it is leaps and bounds better than anything else out 
there. If you were to look at the kind of platforms that we are building, specifically for Optiprime. 
There is inbuilt redundancy. So for example if you are a Genset owner 1 unit goes down, you 
don't have to replace it with another 1000 kVA, 500 kVA still works.  
The other part is that if you look at oil and filter changes, for smaller engines they are drastically 
cheaper compared to what it would be for a larger engine. And when I say drastically, it would 
be like 20% cheaper, 25% cheaper. So from a cost of ownership standpoint. It leaps and bounds 
better. Fuel consumption will be at least 10%-15% better. So like Gauri mentioned, there is 
inbuilt load balancing that happens. So it will operate at the appropriate optimal load for the 
Genset irrespective of the overall Genset load. 
For example, if it's operating at -- you compare a 1000 kVA operating at 50% load and you 
compare the Optiprime 1000 kVA operating at 50% load, one core will just switch off. So it 
ensures that you are operating at a far better efficiency than an equivalent 1000 kVA. And we 
are replicating this across different models. So it's not just 1000 kVA. It's also other nodes that 
we replicate it back to 
Mihir: 
Understood, sure. And just second question was on the export side I understand not from a 
financial number perspective but from an operational perspective. How many touch points or 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
how many distributors have gone up, in the last one year across Middle East or US for that 
matter? Just to understand, how is our distribution reach increasing? That will be helpful 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
I'm not going to answer that question because I think that's far more detail than we would 
normally provide. But we are in the Middle East for example what I can say is that, we have had 
existing distributors in the region for a long time and what we've done is. we have realigned 
those distributors to the Genset OEM that we now have.  
So instead of them working directly with us, we now have a Genset OEM that's managing that 
channel, which is really important because we need someone on the ground who can drive 
depending on the market intelligence there. Rather than us trying to do it from here and various 
different countries, for example in Middle East and North Africa.  
In the US we have such a small base at the moment, that we will be focusing, say state wise. 
And depending on certain areas where we want to because it's a huge --it's a huge country. So 
state wise also there are different applications. There are different dynamics that play out. There 
are some states that are say susceptible to hurricane season. So we will have certain strategies 
that play out there and accordingly we will appoint distributors 
Mihir: 
Hi. I wanted to understand when you came in, in terms of culture, how -- yes. I wanted to 
understand in terms of the cultural changes and the organizational changes that have happened 
over the last few years. If you can give us an insight into what's changed from the time you took 
over to now? And how does it better prepare you for your goals for 2030? 
And in terms of understanding the business is a little better from a secular business, how do you 
make it more enduring enterprise over the next maybe 3, 5 years or longer, if you can give a 
sense of that? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
I don't know if I should answer the question on culture of my team should. But I think some of 
the main changes that we, I'd say, deliberately made because a lot of things also happen 
organically and over time when we're talking about culture. So several things. One was 
communication. 
I think as an organization, not only in terms of external communication, but internally, were we 
communicating at a regular interval and very clearly to the entire company on what our goals 
were and where we were intending to go. And what we wanted to do? Who are we as a company? 
What is our strength? 
And what is -- we value about the people that work there. I think that communication was very 
important in the beginning -- in the beginning of the 3-year journey. The second big piece of 
work we did was around HR policies and processes. So of course, we're a legacy organization. 
We've had certain processes and policies that have been in place for a long time, which may not 
necessarily be applicable to today's environment. 
So we looked at those and we made a lot of changes there as well. I mean one of the small 
changes we did, for example, was moving from a 6-day week to a 5-day week for managerial 
employees, because we're already -- we've always been in a factory environment. So it was a 6-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
day week, and we were actually having trouble finding talent because of that. So that was one 
of the small things we did. 
The next thing was focusing on high performance. So being very clear that our performance 
management system was working correctly. And we were rewarding the people who were doing 
and making outsized efforts. So really looking at how that performance management system 
supports a high-performance culture. 
But I think when it comes down to it, I think Warren Buffett very recently said in his Annual 
General Meeting about culture, just find great people and work with them. And I think really, 
that's what it's about, find people who are really, really passionate about what they do. You don't 
get these kind of results from working from 9 to 5, okay? 
So you would really have to love what you do. And I think that's what we've really surrounded 
ourselves with in terms of the leadership team and therefore, driving that kind of passion below. 
I didn't understand your second question. Could you articulate it a little bit differently? 
Mihir: 
So we've seen the business being cyclical and how do you at least even out for the cyclicality, if 
at all you can in terms of numbers and outcomes? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So the cyclicality, actually, I would say that we've been in the last 3 years in a very strong 
demand environment. We've been very lucky to have been in that kind of environment, right? 
And as we look at what is really driving demand in spite of what is happening globally. We see 
a strong pull in terms of domestic growth that's happening in terms of infrastructure spend, 
etcetera, as well as growth in terms of the infrastructure being set up for technology, right? 
So data centers and things like that. And I think, therefore, if we're bullish about that continuing, 
now that we've been through the emission norms, and we have the product portfolio. Three years 
ago, we didn't have that product portfolio. So we could have been more susceptible to ups and 
down, say, in the lower part of our portfolio, which is really dependent on, say, GDP growth. 
So here, when we're looking at high-growth segments in the high horsepower space, I think we 
are much more insulated now from those ups and downs. If we look at the industrial side, it's 
really about key account management. And I think we've made a lot of investment in terms of 
time and effort and building out teams who understand specific accounts like railways, defense, 
navy, even the construction OEMs. 
So even though we may see up and down, for example, on construction OEMs, I think these 
investments will happen over a longer -- I mean, the returns will come over a longer period of 
time, right? Like an account like defense, it's not something where you see the return happen in 
a year or so, it rarely plays out, and you have to keep that engagement over a long period of time. 
So I think we have insulated ourselves much better from cyclicality than perhaps we were 3 
years ago. 
Mihir: 
Hi. So we have talked about Optiprime and high horsepower segment for a time now. So just 
wondering how -- so where do we see our... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Gauri Kirloskar:  
Let's start again, sorry, I was looking for you. So I didn't... 
Mihir: 
Sure. So we have talked about Optiprime and high horsepower segment for some time. So right 
now, what sort of volume percentage we are in there? And when we are building apart from the 
cost, what kind of strategies we are putting is to get that market share over our peers? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So I'll just answer the second part of the question first, which is the kind of strategy we have to 
compete with our peers. So one is that with the Optiprime range, of course, like we just spoke 
about, it's a far superior product itself. That being said, we have to build awareness around that 
product because to really provide, say, value in terms of take like reducing footprint, right? 
If a certain project has been designed with a power solution in mind, which, of course, is not us 
for the day. If we are able to get in and provide Optiprime, yes, in terms of total cost of 
ownership, things may come down. But you don't really get the advantage of having a smaller 
footprint because the design of that project has already happened. 
So our strategy then is that we have to really get that product out there in terms of awareness, 
whether it comes to who the -- whether it comes to engaging with customers or whether it comes 
to engaging with consultants, who influence customers. And if we can then demonstrate that 
with our lower footprint, we have a better product. 
We're providing real value because if it's in a space where, for example, real estate is at a 
premium. We have a very, very big advantage over our peers. The first question was on volume. 
Sachin Kejriwal: 
So coming to the volume on HHP side, as Gauri mentioned that now we have a complete 
portfolio available on the HHP side. So we have seen a growth of 18% in the volume compared 
to the last year. 
Mihir: 
For entire HHP? 
Sachin Kejriwal:  
Yes. So Rahul, you want to take that? 
Rahul: 
 
 
Okay. Would it be like very negligible at small at this time? 
Sachin Kejriwal:  
In terms of volume, yes. It will be very low for us right now. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe: 
Prathmesh Salunkhe from PL Capital. Ma'am, I just wanted some clarification regarding your 
strategy for FY '30 that is $2 billion, right? And the Arka Group, we are also targeting $1 billion 
like the $1 billion company Arka on stand-alone basis. So does that include in the $2 billion? 
And if it's possible, can you give us some breakup on like how much it would be contributed 
from, let's say, powergen or how much it would be from B2B, B2C? Thank you so much 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So I just want to clarify that the 2 billion is a revenue target and the 1 billion goal that Arka has 
is a market cap target. So that's one. The one thing I have learnt in the last 3 years is not to give 
a break up because it never lands that way. The point of setting these big goals is to strive for 
something outsize. So it's very difficult for me to say this is what will come from powergen, this 
is what will come from industrial, this will come from, it's not going to play out that way.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
The idea is to say that these are the opportunities that we see, these are the kind of efforts that 
we will make And, of course, over the last 3 years there has been a certain investment whether 
it's been in people, capacity enhancements, key customer management, key account management 
and that's what we feel will lead to or will give us the shot at this kind of growth. So I really 
encourage you to look at it that way because if I start giving break ups then we always get 
compared to whether that has happened or not. 
And especially in this environment, I think, of course, we see the future is very bright, but there 
are also many things going on which we have no control over. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Yes, hi good morning team I have few questions. This is Renu Baid Pugalia from IFL Securities. 
My first question is on the BS V transition how has that been over the last 5 months, both with 
respect to the price impact in the market and acceptance from the customer side and release of 
the pre-buy inventory which was there in the channel. That's the first question? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Okay yes BS V saw a very small pre-buy actually, but I mean compared to like a CPCB IV plus 
change. So BS V actually again was another emission norms change that was delayed. So it was 
supposed to happen in April of 2024 and then got pushed to I think October and then January.  
So we had a lot of time to engage with our current customers our BS IV Customers because this 
kind of change is very different from powergen you have to engage with them beforehand to see 
what kind of new equipments they're building and whether your prototype fits in that envelope. 
There's also a period of prototype trials that happened which went well and I'm happy to say that 
for most of our customers we have been able to continue with the account or increase the wallet 
share of that account. 
And we've also had the opportunity to bring in some new customers. There were a couple of 
accounts here and there that we have strategically decided to let go of because the pricing may 
not have worked for us. So we've taken those calls as well. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
An average increase in the pricing in this BS V segment for us? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
20%. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Second is coming back on the core powergen business with respect to CPCB IV transition. 
Initially we had some hiccups in terms of share gains, models were not available or nodes were 
not available across all the products, where are we in terms of availability of nodes, different 
nodes or products and on the pricing, have we started to see price points now tapering off because 
of competitive pressures or are we able to hold on to the prices? 
Management 4: 
If you look at the availability of CPCB IV products. We haven't had too much of a challenge in 
terms of making our products available. As per the mandate availability of CPCB II post 
migration of CPCB IV. So we had more or less like a hard switch over And the CPCB II 
inventory liquidated very quickly. 
A lot of the competition continued to in some shape or form make that CPCB II inventory 
available to the channel. So if you talk to some of our dealers or channel partners, that's the input 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
that you may get, but honestly we don't see that as a challenge. Even now, I don't think 
availability is as much the issue, what's actually happened is that there has been choppiness in 
demand and so we're just trying to make sure that we plan for it appropriately. What is the second 
part of your question? 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
So just rephrasing it Availability of CPCB IV compliant product across all the nodes, because 
there were gaps in terms of availability of coal products at various nodes in the market versus 
that of Cummins or others in the market. So today are all the nodes covered up in terms of a 
product being available on the shelf with the consumer. And B, on the pricing side, have we seen 
prices consolidate a bit or they've still been able to maintain the pricing at which it was initially 
launched? 
Management: 
Okay, so if you have market intelligence that we've not been able to make our products available, 
we'll take that feedback As far as the pricing is concerned, look the pricing is it is a WIP and it 
will mature. I think we're still in a phase where that maturity is coming up. And I think as we 
move into this financial year, we're seeing a fair amount of stability, but we'll have to keep our 
eyes open. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Thank you 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
We have the Arka team here as well. They just put their mics down. 
Management: 
Yes, hi guys. So one, there was a comment earlier that there was some write down which we'll 
talk about later, love to hear that. Two, capital raising what's the update. Three, Gauri for you at 
some point the two entities could be in some form separated, Is there any thoughts on that? 
Management: 
So I'll give you the first two answers. There has not been any write down. We are just preparing 
ourselves to build a secured retail Journey and that's more granular in nature. And when you 
build a granular book, today we have only 2400 customers. The moment you build a granular 
book suddenly in a month you'll be disbursing to almost 10,000 to 15,000 customers the way we 
are aspiring and the model which we are building. 
So when 31st March two things we did for quarter 4. One, as part of our strategy financial 
warehousing is important which is something called direct assignment of our assets. So direct 
assignment is when you sell your asset, you book the income and it goes into a bank's balance 
sheet, but you continue to collect from the customer. 
And whenever a customer forecloses the loan, that income needs to get reversed in our books as 
well. Because the income happens on an upfront basis and we had to do, this has to happen on a 
monthly basis. Now last year there was a large direct assignment imperative and initiative we 
took. So almost close to 1,500 crores of our book we sold, but that monthly reconciliation had 
to get true up on 31st of March. 
So that true up has happened. Going forward every month a true up will happen on a direct 
assignment book, because you have to ensure that the matching revenue and matching cost 
comes when a foreclosure happens from the customer. That's one part. Second is we as a strategy 
have stopped unsecured book lending.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
So we had Fintech partnerships which is completely stopped. But when I came in I saw the book 
and for abundant caution, we raised the provision coverage out there because I think unsecured 
book is something, at least, personally I don't understand well and as a strategy we will not 
pursue.  
So if you look at the balance sheet provision coverage that stands at about 65% and the unsecured 
book provision coverage is as high as 85% to 90%. So these are the two things which we did in 
quarter 4 and that's what I think Sachin was. 
Sachin Kejriwal: 
What were the amounts in the two specific cases? 
Management: 
So direct assignment the true up will be close to about 12 crores to 13 crores and the provision 
which we increased will be close to about 15 crores which actually helps us to build a very 
Strong balance sheet into the future. In spite of these two one times, our profit after tax grew 
from 69 crores to 80 crores on a year-on-year basis.  
It's very important when you build granular book. Spick and span controls are important and 
grid is more important than glamour. So I think that is very important in retail business.  
Analyst: 
You have our full support on that. 
Management: 
Thank you. I'll leave the third question to my Promoter.  
Management: 
The second question. 
Management: 
Capital raise? Okay. I'll put it this way. Our business is a capital guzzling business, without 
capital it's difficult to sustain. But the right business model is required. So for the next 6-9 months 
the three things which we spoke about, one is the ST Lap which is INR8 to INR25 lakhs secured 
loan against property. That piece of business, which is a northward of 16% yield. The second is 
pre-owned wheels financing. That piece of business is also a ticket size of INR8 lakhs to INR15 
lakhs, again, 16% northwards. 
And the third one, which we are incubating right now is genset financing because any business 
in granular retail is 16% yield and above. I would like to build that book now for the next 6 to 9 
months. Because if you have that critical mass, then you will be able to attract the right kind of 
capital. So capital raise is something, which we will look at somewhere around January. 
Preparation is pretty much there and pretty much in touch with most of the private equity guys, 
but it's a Kirloskar brand. We have to chose responsibly with whom we need to partner, but 
nothing before Jan. 
And as we speak, our Tier 1 capital is 20%. And the growth aspiration, this is not the time to 
push heavy growth. This is the time to ensure that we build the distribution, the collection 
infrastructure, the risk management policies and the technology for the next 6 to 9 months. Once 
that mass reaches INR1,000 crores, I'm expecting it to reach about INR1,000 crores in the next 
6 to 9 months. I think that will be a very good time to look at capital actually.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So Jeetu, I think just taking off from what Samrat said, and you missed the presentation, but we 
spoke about what we wanted to do in the first phase of Arka. And now we're at -- which is the 
last 5, 6 years, and now we're at a phase where we're pivoting to build this retail book, which 
obviously demands and is a very different sort of animal. And then we will start to speak to 
possible partners. So over the long term, of course, the intent is that the business should stand 
on its own. But we will follow the path that Samrat has just articulated. 
Analyst: 
Okay. Yeah. My question is, firstly, on the technology side, you highlighted that we have 
developed this 2 engine technology on the Optiprime series, 1,000 kVA and above. Do we also 
offer a single engine technology that our competitors provide, and how difficult or easy it is to 
transition towards that technology? 
And my second question was more on the initial remarks that you we're giving upon the channel 
distribution side that we are doing some channel restructuring for the B2B business. So what 
exactly, if you can throw some light on what is the exact general distribution remodeling that we 
are doing out there? 
And third question was on the B2C side, where historically, our margins have been slightly 
volatile. This particular quarter, we have been able to clock double-digit kind of margins. So 
what are the sustainable margins on the B2C side of the business? And how do we see that 
particular business going? So these are the 3 questions from my side. Thank you. 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Yes. Thank you. So on the first question, we have a single engine solution up to 1,500 kVA. So 
we go up to 1,500 kVA on the single engine. And then beyond that, we offer Optiprime. And 
actually even below 1,500, we do offer Optiprime as well just because of the advantages that it 
has over a single-engine solution. 
So that was the first question. Your second question was around, the channel restructuring. So I 
think what was very important when you look at our strategy, whether it was on the high 
horsepower side or in terms of the emission norms change that happened. And what I mean by 
that is that our entire portfolio moved from mechanical to electronic engines. 
With that happening, what we required from either our sales channel or our service channel for 
certain investments. For example, on the sales side, our GOEM partners would have had to be 
willing to make investments to assemble high horsepower gensets. On the service side, there 
were investments required in terms of making sure we had enough service engineers, 
investments in certain tools to be able to fix the electronic engines. 
And so that was the channel, let's say, rationalization that had to happen. And if you're making 
investments, you also have to be here for a certain size. So are there service dealerships, for 
example, that would be more viable from a profitability perspective if they were consolidated? 
Are some of the conversations we had as well? This work has largely been done in the last 3 
years. It's not something that's really continuing beyond that. 
But the majority of it has been done in the last 3 years. And on the distribution and aftermarket 
side, actually, it's been a very significant restructuring. But in spite of that, we've seen the growth 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
as well, which basically means our hypothesis of having a certain size dealership has played out 
for us. 
Sachin Kejriwal: 
Yes. Coming to your B2C side of questions. So you must have seen a very solid rebound from 
B2C performance. And this has happened predominantly because you are aware that we were 
consolidating our 5 small plants in Ahmedabad to a Sanand location and creating a mega site. 
So that work has been completed by end of quarter 3 and now plant stabilize, and we are seeing 
full production from that plant. So that helps us the availability of the product, which improved 
our sales. 
And secondly, on the cost side, also we are working continuously on the B2C side. So both the 
variable cost and the fixed cost. So half of the work has been done, and the remaining will be 
completed in the next couple of quarters. So in terms of profitability growth and the EBITDA 
growth for the B2C business, we aspire to grow both in double-digit in coming years. 
Analyst: 
Last one question on the market share side on the Powergen. I think so during the last quarter, 
you had highlighted some sort of a market share loss. What is the status now at this point of 
time? Have we been able to recoup the market share? Or where does our market share stand if 
you can briefly highlight? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So market share during the submission norms change, we expect that it will move up and down 
and stabilize somewhere. I think the intent that we have as a leadership team is are we able to 
defend our LMHP market share? And are we able to see steady progress on the high horsepower 
side. There are node-by-node dynamics that play out depending on demand for that node, 
depending on whether your engine platform is at an advantage of that node or not. 
I would say let's just wait a couple more quarters to see where it stabilizes. We're just at the 
beginning of that stabilization happening. And then I would like to comment on market share. I 
think what I can say is that on the high horsepower side, we are seeing those steady increases, 
and that's really what will be significant for us because that's where the value is. 
Analyst: 
So just going back to the 2B2 strategy. Is it the existing product platforms and it's about market 
share gains both domestic and international to really reach their -- its new platforms, new 
products. And there was a mention of inorganic as well in that slide. So it's new energy storage. 
Just thoughts of there. How does that kind of fit into the 2B? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Sure. So overall, I think our vision over the next 5 years is to really be a global technology leader 
when it comes to power solutions. And what that obviously means is now we're not saying that, 
that specifically has to be power coming from engines, right? And as a company, in our 2X-3Y 
strategy as well, we had articulated our 4 technology tracks, which we wanted to make progress 
on to be able to say that if we are in a conversation with a customer who, for example, is very 
sensitive to ESG requirements or is in a remote area where say fuel is not available. 
 
Do we have the portfolio of products and technologies and solutions where we are able to 
customize and design a solution for them? So I think what's really important for us in the next 5 
years is to see whether those technologies are something that we invest in to develop in-house, 
whether we partner with someone or whether we buy, right? So build borrower buy would be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
the analysis that we do when we're looking at how we need to make progress along those 
technology tracks, but it's really critical that we make that progress. 
 
If you look at the first track, which was on internal combustion engines, we really, in the last 3 
years, have made significant progress in terms of being fuel agnostic and having engines that 
can really run on diesel. We have the largest gas portfolio in the market in terms of Gensets. 
We've done demonstrations for ethanol and methanol. 
 
We've done hydrogen blends, but these things have to also become -- these fuels have to become 
available. They also have to be economically viable for the customer. But we are able to provide 
that. When it comes to the rest of the technology tracks, whether it's batteries or Microgrids, 
there is significant progress we have made, but there are also areas where maybe the technology 
is a little further out, we have to keep an eye on it and we're continuing to do that. 
 
So that's really, let's say, where we would focus maybe some of the acquisitions if we have 
opportunities in those spaces. The second area is maybe if it gave us access to a certain 
geography, if there's a company which is really well entrenched in the market where we're not 
present that would be something maybe that could be potentially interesting for us. 
 
So there is definitely an inorganic element, which was not there in the last 3 years. In terms of 
our product portfolio and investing in new products, I'd say it's more on the technology tracks 
that is not engines. Because on the engine side, we really have actually arguably the widest range 
in the world, going from very small at 3 kVA to very large engines. And there's really no one 
who has that whole range. I hope I answered your question. 
Analyst: 
And just last one. If you were to just take a wild guess, internal combustion would still be 95%, 
99% in 2030? Or you see a transition which could be 5%, 10% portfolio, just a wild guess? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So I'd say maybe it will be 80%. Yes. Like I think we are building our Microgrid solutions. We 
are offering that. And I think we should aggressively pursue some of those conversations as well. 
So I think we will be able to provide some alternate solutions as well. 
Analyst: 
You've been through part 2 partner transitions, one in the Middle East, one in South India, about 
6 months ago or have those played out, are they scaling back to expectations? And is that looking 
good? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Yes. So there's been no problem on the domestic transition. I think that has gone largely when -
- on the Middle East side as well, we have seen some -- there's a transition happening for sure. 
But the -- essentially, what we've done is we had existing distributors in Middle East and North 
Africa that used to work directly with us, and now they're working through that partner. 
 
So of course, when there's a change in people, there is a bit of bumpiness or uncertainty. And I 
think a lot of those questions has even come while we've changed teams, right? And whether it's 
been at Kirloskar Oil Engines or at Arka. But I think what I would say is uncertainty or that 
rockiness is not always bad. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
And we are very clear that, that is the right move to make. We have to have a Genset OEM in 
the Middle East because that enables us to be close to the market. And if we require the flexibility 
to, say, assemble Gensets in various regions over there, we have that partner for us, and they are 
familiar with the industry as well. 
Management: 
There are a couple of questions from webcast audience. Most of the questions are answered. 
There was a question on Arka Listing, Arka AUM. We have answered that. Just 2 more 
questions, and I will stop after that. 
 
One question for you, Gauri, is what were the key misses you think for the 2X-3Y journey? And 
how are we planning to overcome those in the next phase of growth? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Yes, that's a great question. I'd say, if you look at the way that we articulated our strategy, there 
was -- the biggest miss, I guess, was on international because we had said that it will be 30% of 
our revenues. And I'd say that the learning that I've had over the last 3 years on international, is 
that you could potentially see short-term opportunities, but it's really, really important that you 
invest time to find the right partners to build out a business that can last the next 100 years. 
 
And I think what I took for granted was the kind of brand equity that we enjoy in domestic 
markets, people just don't know us abroad, right? So there's far more time required. There's far 
more patience required. We will have to make investments and investments before we see that 
return on international. So that's really been my biggest learning. 
 
I think having said that though, our international business has almost doubled in the last 3 years 
in spite of a lot of the structural changes that we had to make, whether it was appointing partners 
or looking at how our teams are structured, abroad. So there's still a lot of work that we have to 
do, but I think that would be my biggest learning. 
Management: 
Yes. So one more question. Which segments are driving demands in PG segment, both 
domestically and internationally? Also in international, do you see any signals that, in particular 
regions, you are seeing a high growth? 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
Okay. So on the domestic front, the demand is really coming from infrastructure, when I mean 
that, it means big real estate projects, whether it's commercial buildings or large residential 
projects and of course, the data center segment that would be what's driving most demand. Even 
in the international segment, data center demand is huge. So that is really what is driving it in 
general. 
 
Now to answer that question is difficult because in every region, there are different dynamics. 
But I'd say, in general, that's where the demand is coming from. 
Management: 
Okay. There are questions on subsidiary financials. Please note, we will be publishing these soon 
along with our annual accounts. So I think in the interest of time on that note... 
Analyst: 
One question. Just on the capital allocation, like earlier, we had announced that we're probably 
looking to set up a new engine manufacturing probably with the capex of INR700 crores. So like 
in our next 5-year journey, you would probably -- if you can give a perspective like to reach $2 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
billion, what kind of capital allocation we'll be doing on manufacturing side and other areas? 
That was my first question. 
 
Second question was on like your slide mentioned 2 things. One was execution of manufacturing 
strategy. So what are you probably trying to convey? And second, in FY '26, probably FY '27, 
you were seeing complete execution of technology road map. So what are the milestones you're 
probably looking at in what areas? So these are the two parts. 
Sachin Kejriwal: 
So I will take your first question. So on the capital allocation, as a company, we are committed 
for the new product development and capacity enhancement. So in FY '25, we have invested 
around INR520 crores. So out of this INR380 crores was invested in KOEL and INR140 crores 
got invested in our B2C business, which is LGM. 
 
As I mentioned that we have done the plant consolidation work there, wherein the 5 plants in 
Ahmedabad location got converted into 1 mega site consolidation. So we invested around 
INR140 crores there and created a capacity. 
 
Yes, I will go to the future. So I'll just and on, we invested INR380 crores. So out of that INR90 
crores went towards the product development, INR90 crores went towards the capacity 
enhancement on the sustainable side and INR20 crores went on the IT digitization. 
 
And as you're aware that in the -- last quarter, we announced that we are going to invest another 
INR700 crores for capacity enhancement in our existing plant at Kagal that will go towards the 
product development and capacity enhancement. And apart from this, another INR80 crores to 
INR90 crores will go towards that Navy project, which we won very recently. 
 
And another INR200 crores will be allocating towards the acquisition in line with our technology 
track and to the $2 billion growth strategy. So in a Nutshell, we are planning to invest around 
INR1,000 crores in the next couple of years in this business. 
Gauri Kirloskar: 
So when we mean execute the technology road map, it's the technology tracks that we were 
talking about that we really -- when I answered Sandeep's question, I think that was what I was 
referring to. And I think the first one was make sure that we execute on the manufacturing 
capacity enhancement. Hope that clarifies. Yes. 
Management: 
Okay. So we take that as a last question. Thank you all for joining us. Please join us for a brunch 
after the meet. 
 
