 
Max Estates Limited 
Corporate Oﬃce: Max Towers, L-20, C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, | P: +91 120-4743222  
Regd. Oﬃce: Max House 1, Dr. Jha Marg, Okhla Phase 3, Opposite Okhla Railway Station, Okhla Industrial Estate, New Delhi -110020  
 
Email : secretarial@maxestates.in | Website : www.maxestates.in | CIN: L70200DL2016PLC438718 
 
May 28, 2025  
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544008 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
  
SYMBOL: MAXESTATES 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call  
  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, in continuation of our intimation dated May 14, 2025, for schedule of the 
Earnings Conference Call, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
conducted on May 23, 2025, at 11:30 a.m. (IST) to discuss Q4 FY’25 financial results performance 
of the Company.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,   
  
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Max Estates Limited  
  
  
  
Nitin Kumar 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
NITIN KUMAR
Digitally signed by NITIN 
KUMAR 
Date: 2025.05.28 17:06:41 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Max Estates Limited 
Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 23rd May 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAHIL VACHANI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. RISHI RAJ – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – MAX 
ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN KANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARCHIT GOYAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATION – 
MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
SGA -- INVESTOR RELATION ADVISORS -- MAX 
ESTATES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Max Estates Limited Q4 and FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Vachani, Vice Chairman and Managing Director. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you, and good morning to all for joining us on this Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call for Max Estates. Joining me today, I have Rishi Raj, who's our Chief Operating Officer; 
Nitin Kansal, our Chief Financial Officer; and Archit Goyal, who heads IR along with SGA, our 
Investor Relations Advisor. The presentation has been issued to the stock exchanges and 
uploaded on our Company's website. I hope you all have had the opportunity to go through it. 
 
Let me first share some industry highlights and then the business highlights for the quarter and 
the year-end. The demand tailwind in the residential space continued as we moved in commercial 
year 2025 after a record 2024. Though the response is and will continue to be more dispersed 
with a focus on product market fitment, as well as depending on the developers' brand reputation 
and credibility. 
 
In Q4 FY '25, Delhi NCR witnessed sales of 13,000-plus residential units, which was higher 
than the last 5 years quarterly average for the same period by 36%. Despite global 
macroeconomic uncertainty, the commercial real estate market in Delhi NCR has remained 
resilient with strong office space demand and sustained investor interest as well. 
 
The record leasing demand for 2024 continues in Q4 '25, underpinned by large deal closures and 
fresh leasing activity. In Delhi NCR, the net absorption in first quarter 2025 is at 3 million square 
feet, which was 17% higher than the same period in 2024. Delhi NCR has cemented its position 
as a prime office space hub for multinational corporations and global capability centers, thanks 
to the strategic location, world-class infrastructure and improving business ecosystem. 
 
The leasing activity remains strong across major corridors, including Gurugram and Noida. Golf 
Course Extension Road in Gurugram and Noida Expressway in Noida continues to attract strong 
interest from global firms that prioritize quality infrastructure and proven delivery records. 
These are 2 vectors, where our future supply is anchored to. 
 
To give you a brief update on Max Estates, I'm delighted to share with all of you that on the 
residential front, we have delivered presales booking of INR5,300 crores in FY '25, thus 
overachieving our revised full year guidance. Further, our collections have crossed INR980 
crores as well. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
These achievements highlight our understanding of market dynamics; strong brand connect in 
both the B2B and B2C space and our consistent track record of developing premium 
developments and experiences that resonate with contemporary customer needs and evolving 
preferences. Our plan is to grow our presales at 15% to 20% in FY '26 on the back of the strong 
launch pipeline that we have. 
 
Coming to the commercial portfolio, Max Square has achieved a 99% occupancy within a year 
of launch, commanding 30% plus premium to the local micro market, showcasing strong leasing 
traction as well. Across our commercial office portfolio for the full year, we have earned an 
overall rental income of INR110 crores in FY '25. And this is anticipated to touch approximately 
INR700 crores in terms of annuity rental income basis peak occupancy of projects currently in 
our portfolio, both operational and under construction in the coming 3 to 5 years. 
 
In March of FY '25, our strategic partner in commercial real estate, New York Life Insurance 
signed a memorandum of understanding, committing approximately INR300 crores in our 
mixed-use sector 105 Noida Project and approximately INR250 crores in our mixed-use Delhi 
One Project, showing unwavering trust in the company since 2017. Post this investment, the 
cumulative commitment of New York Life stands at INR1,800 crores in Max Estates. 
 
Given our strong growth trajectory anchored on the promise of delivering LiveWell and 
WorkWell to enhance the quality of life through the spaces we create, we are very confident of 
becoming a leading force in the NCR real estate market, aiming to secure a position amongst the 
top 2. Our focus will remain on maintaining a strong balance sheet and generating cash flows to 
enable us to execute and deliver our promises in a timely manner. 
 
As of today, we have a portfolio of 17 million square feet spread across both commercial and 
residential asset classes. These include projects which are under development stages as well. 
With these highlights, I hand over the call to Rishi, our Chief Operating Officer, for business 
updates and outlook for the business. Over to you, Rishi. 
Rishi Raj: 
Thank you, Sahil. Let me cover business updates in 3 sections: residential, mixed-use, and 
commercial developments. First, coming to our residential portfolio, Estate 128 Noida Phase 1 
and Phase 2, we have booked INR2,700 crores of presales, 100% sold, and we have collected 
INR628 crores in total till date. Phase 2 of Estate 128 saw a 40% plus price premium over Phase 
1, reflecting strong demand for well-designed and end user-focused residential developments. 
 
Estate 360, our first launch in Gurugram last year, recorded a presale booking value of INR4,428 
crores with 92% of the project sold as of March and that number as of today is 94%. This project 
has already received a collection of INR807 crores till date. 
 
The joint development on a land parcel of 18.23 acres adjacent to Estate 360, having a 
development potential of approximately 4 million square foot and has a GDV potential of 
approximately INR9,000 crores, and we are planning to launch this in this financial year towards 
the end of quarter 2 of FY '26. 
 
Now coming to mixed-use portfolio. Delighted to share that we received final approval from 
NCLT and NCLAT for revival of Delhi One Project in Sector 16B, Noida, which is designed to 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 4 of 13 
 
be a luxury mixed-use development. The project spans approximately 2.5 million square foot of 
development within 10 acres of land parcel constituting 34,696 square meters of area. We are 
planning to launch this project in quarter 3 of FY '26, and this has a gross development value 
potential between sold and unsold inventory of INR2,000-plus crores, as well as annuity income 
potential of approximately INR120 crores from our leasing portfolio. 
 
Second, Max Estates acquired 10.33 acres of prime land in Sector 105 on Noida, Greater Noida 
Expressway for INR711 crores with 2.6 million square foot of development potential with mix 
of residential and commercial in a ratio of 40-60. The project has a gross development value of 
over INR3,000 crores and annuity rental income potential of INR140-plus crores. As Sahil 
mentioned, for both of these mixed-use development as well, we have an MOU executed with 
New York Life to onboard them as a strategic partner with 49% of economic interest. 
 
Now coming to commercial portfolio, we are again delighted to share that we have successfully 
completed -- on one hand, the acquisition of 3 floors in Max Towers, Noida from our group 
company, Max India Limited at a value of approximately INR105 crores. The said acquisition 
will support company's strategy to consolidate ownership in Max Towers and thereby 
strengthening our operational control and unlocking higher value in the future. 
 
On our operational projects, Max Towers in Noida, Max House Phase 1, and Phase 2 in Okhla 
Delhi continues to be 100% occupied with annualized rental income of INR41.4 crores and 
INR39.8 crores, respectively. 
 
Max Square has achieved 98% occupancy within 2 years since completion, commanding 30% 
premium to the micro market, clearly reflecting strong leasing traction and premium for quality 
in this micro market. And at this point in time, the rental is INR29.1 crores, which will get 
ramped up, as we move forward in the next fiscal year. 
 
Finally, coming to our under construction projects on the commercial portfolio, Max Square 2 
in Noida, where we have a leasable area of 1 million square foot is on track. Construction is 
underway and is expected to receive its occupancy certificate by quarter 2 of fiscal year 2028. 
 
Coming to Gurgaon, Max 65 in Sector 65 Gurugram, where we have a leasable -- total leasable 
area of 1.6 million square foot, construction is underway and is on track and expected to receive 
occupancy certificate in 2 phases, 40% and 60%, respectively, in quarter 2 FY '28 and quarter 3 
FY '29 for the second phase. 
 
All our developments across WorkWell and LiveWell portfolio are pre-certified -- certified to 
be LEED or IGBC Platinum with deep focus on best practices of sustainability and health and 
well-being. We are delighted to also announce that our commitment to end user experience 
reflected in how we operate our assets has also earned us prestigious LEED operation and 
maintenance, WELL, health and safety and multiple ISO certifications in the past year. 
 
Finally, coming to the growth outlook, we remain committed to accelerating development 
pipeline across Delhi NCR. We target cumulative presales of INR21,000 crores by FY '28, 
growing at 15% to 20% CAGR. Of this, projects, which we have already secured in Gurugram 
and Noida contributes INR14,000 crores of GDV with launches planned in FY '26 and FY '27. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 5 of 13 
 
With a strong and growing portfolio, we are well positioned to continue to add at least 3 million 
square foot, at least 2 in residential and 1 in commercial of development potential annually in 
line with our near-term growth strategy. 
 
With this, let me hand over to Nitin for financial highlights. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good morning, everyone. Sharing the financial highlights for the financial 
year '25 with you, the consolidated revenue stood at INR161 crores and a consolidated EBITDA 
of INR45 crores. On a profit before tax basis, we reported a number of INR38 crores and a profit 
after tax number of INR27 crores. 
 
The lease rental income from our completed and leased portfolio showed a growth of 67% year-
on-year, reporting a number of INR110 crores. And on a run rate basis, this number comes to 
INR150 crores. The Max Asset Services revenue stood at INR42 crores in FY '25. The total 
leased portfolio, as on 31st March 2025 stood at 1.2 million square feet. 
 
Speaking about our liquidity position, our debt stood at INR1,350 crores, as of March 2025, of 
which around INR852 crores was on account of lease rental discounting in our commercial 
assets. The cash and cash equivalent, as on March 2025 stood at INR1,785 crores, resulting in a 
cash surplus of INR435 crores. 
 
Now I would like to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Parikshit Gupta: 
Congratulations on a great set of results. I just have strategic questions to ask. First will be about 
the competitive intensity in the Delhi NCR market. We understand many real estate developers, 
A-grade real estate developers have been increasing their portfolio in these markets. Would it -
- might it be in Dwarka Expressway, Gurgaon or even Noida with the Jewar Airport also 
contributing to exceedingly high interest. Can you spend a minute or 2 about how do you see 
the next 2 to 3 years in terms of the competitive intensity, please? 
Sahil Vachani: 
Yes. This is Sahil. Absolutely. We do see that there is an increasing competitive intensity in all 
the micro markets that we operate in. And we believe that this is part of the trend towards a 
corporatization and more organized framework for the real estate industry, particularly in NCR. 
As you recall, over the last 15 -- maybe 15 years ago, there were, in fact, more players than this, 
but many of them were smaller, localized, and unorganized. 
 
With the churn that's happened in the real estate space over the last 1.5 decades, we believe that 
a lot of the demand is going to concentrate towards organized and institutional players. At Max 
Estates, we remain very confident of achieving our objectives, both on the residential and 
commercial side and are very focused on delivering outstanding experiences, both for the 
LiveWell and WorkWell ideology that we operate. And we are very confident that this will 
continue to hold us in good stead, as it has in the past few years as well. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood. The second question is about the different subsegments within the resi space, as 
you also included to in your opening remarks. Can you talk a little bit about the luxury to Uber 
luxury spaces? We all understand projects like Camellias and Dahlias are outliers. But do you 
see more demand coming in from different ticket sizes? If you could just please elaborate on 
that? 
Sahil Vachani: 
Yes. So if you look at our ticket size that we operate in across all our micro markets, it's around 
INR5.5 crores to approximately INR9.5 crores, INR10 crores. That's the ticket size that we 
operate in. And within this, there are the 2 geographies of Noida and Gurgaon. And within that, 
we have -- this is segregated across senior living, which is Antara and Max Estates. So we 
continue to be very optimistic that within this segment, the inherent demand is strong and will 
continue to hold up in the years to come. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood. This is helpful. Final question on my end, please. In terms of the pipeline, I think 
it's the same since the last quarter as well. Is there any particular specific definitive update, which 
you would like to share as of now? 
Sahil Vachani: 
Sorry, any update on -- update on? 
Parikshit Gupta: 
The pipeline, the current residential pipeline. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Yes. So I think we have already -- I'll pass on to Rishi. We can just share we have already 
announced the pipeline that we have. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So for FY '26, let me respond that into 2 parts. The guidance that we have given for FY '26 
to '28 is INR21,000 crores. Of that, INR14,000 crores is already secured. And for FY '26 
immediately, for this financial year, we will be launching 3 projects between Gurgaon, 
diversified between Gurgaon and Noida from quarter 2 to quarter 4 of this financial year. 
 
And while we are launching projects worth booking value of INR9,500 crores, the guidance that 
we have given to the market is INR6,000 crores to INR6,500 crores for FY '26, which implies 
15% to 20% increase over spectacular result that we delivered in FY '25 of INR5,300-plus 
crores. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
I understand that, sir. Let me just rephrase my question. In terms of the indicative growth pipeline 
slide that you have shared in your presentation, that remains the same, yes. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So if you look at that, if you look at that pipeline, it's a fair mix between Delhi, Noida, and 
Gurgaon. And it's also a fair mix between different stages at which those discussions are on, 
including one in Gurgaon at a very prime location that is almost in the stage of definitive 
documentation. 
 
And if all goes well, by next quarter, we should be able to come and announce that. And with 
that, we will be securing our growth target of the growth guidance that we have given for FY 
'27 as well. And then for FY '28, we will continue to add, as we have said, 2 million square foot 
following that in each year. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishith Shah from Axis Capital. 
Rishith Shah: 
Congrats on a great set of presales that we have booked this year. So first question was actually 
about the collection. So we -- from the projects that we have already sold and some unsold 
inventory, we have about INR6,000 crores of pending collections. From that, so maybe 
INR1,500 crores to INR1,700 crore collections each year going forward. So from that, what kind 
of operating cash flows do we expect? And on a related note, what is the annual capex that you 
expect to incur on the commercial assets? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Rishith, this is Nitin Kansal. Just to answer that. So we are -- our collection plans are currently 
designed on equal and annual basis over the life cycle of the project. So what we are expecting 
to collect in next year on an average is -- for the large project is close to INR2,000 crores on the 
residential side. And we were expecting to deploy a number of close to INR1,100 crores in this 
project, resulting in an operating cash flow of close to INR900 crores coming from these 
projects. 
 
In terms of our commercial assets, we would be deploying across our 2 assets, Acreage Builders 
in Gurgaon and in Noida, amount of close to INR500 crores. These projects have been 
financially closed through a debt. We, along with New York Life have already put in the 
requisite equity in the project. So the remaining amount, which needs to be deployed will be 
coming through debt, which has already been tied up with banks like SBI and ICICI. 
Rishith Shah: 
Okay. So large part of the cash flows will then again go to reinvestment in land, is it? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes. 
Rishith Shah: 
Okay. Sure. And second question, again, related to the demand or the overall environment. So 
as such, NCR has always generally seen a good set of demand coming in from investors. So that 
also was partly because of the sharp price rise that we have seen in the last 3 years. But with that 
normalizing, how do we see that aspect of demand going forward? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. I think great question. If you -- as Sahil also mentioned, on one hand, we continue to remain 
bullish in terms of demand in Delhi NCR. Although we would also like to state that in some 
micro markets like Gurgaon, one may see a bit of moderation in velocity and prices. I think the 
key here is we look at our business strategy and if we look at our guidance of INR6,000 crores 
to INR6,500 crores and the key is what makes us confident to deliver on that next year are a 
couple of reasons. 
 
Number one, while we are launching INR9,500 crores worth of booking value, the guidance is 
15%, 20% to INR6,000 crores to INR6,500 crores. Number two, it's spread between Gurgaon 
and Noida, almost 50-50. 
 
And number three, what you will see going forward, which will make a real difference in where 
demand navigates also building on our Estate 360 experience is to bring product customized to 
target segment and the market in which we are launching in. And across the 3 launches that we 
are planning to bring this year from quarter 2 to quarter 4, the product as and when we will 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 8 of 13 
 
announce, you will see the product is going to be very different and customized to what that 
location will serve to the target end users. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Khanna from AMBIT Capital. 
Karan Khanna: 
Congrats to the entire team on ending FY '25 on a strong note. Firstly, a more philosophical 
question to you, Sahil. Your press release says that Max Estates aspires to be the top real estate 
brand in NCR. So if you could throw some light on what kind of long-term scale aspirations do 
you hold both in terms of presales margins and also on the annuity front? 
 
And as a follow-up, and while you did talk about this aspect earlier during the call also, given 
that a lot of new grade A developers are taking a chance in the Gurgaon and the Delhi NCR 
market at large with the premium projects. Now, well, obviously, this shows that the demand is 
quite resilient. But do you see any difficulties arising here owing to increasing competition for 
business development and hence higher demand from landowners and also the scope for 
absorption of this inventory, given that many new projects have similar ticket sizes? 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thanks, Karan. So let me go in a few parts. First, in terms of our aspiration, you're absolutely 
right, we do aspire to be in the top few developers in the region. We believe that from a customer 
experience perspective, we are already there in our office experiences footprint, and we are very 
confident of doing that in the residential experiences as well. 
 
To be able to do that, not only are we looking to curate and create the projects and experiences 
at a very high end of quality and customer experience. But on the financial side, we are looking 
to grow on the strong base that we have and growth that we've had this year, 15% to 20% CAGR 
over many years. 
 
The second part of your question is how do we look at this in terms of increasing competition? 
I think one of the things with us is that we are diversified within NCR. We are both in Noida 
and in Gurgaon. We are in office and in resi. And within residential, we are already diversified 
across the senior living segment and the Max Estates Signature residences as we call them. 
 
So for us, we believe that the focus on quality, the focus of being local and therefore, on 
execution; third, the brand strength that we have; fourth, the ideology of LiveWell and 
WorkWell; and fifth, the diversification across the geography and across the segments that we 
explained, I think, is going to be able to hold us in good stead to be able to achieve the numbers 
that we are. And obviously, as you have seen that the numbers that we are -- we are still at a 
very, very small base compared to many of our competitors or peers in the NCR region as well. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. Just as a follow-up sign, so I think we've seen obviously 1 or 2 ongoing projects at this 
point. But at some point, in the next 3 to 5 years, you'll also be focusing on 3 to 5 projects running 
concurrently. So what kind of internal capabilities are you working towards to be able to 
successfully deliver, let's say, 3 or 5 projects on an ongoing basis? 
Sahil Vachani: 
Yes, absolutely. That's a great point. And we have already actually upped significantly our 
capability. We are now a 350-plus team that's focused on deep projects organization, in-house 
PMC capabilities, strategic partnership with a lot of our vendors in addition to the sales and 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 9 of 13 
 
leasing infrastructure that we've been able to put together. So there's been a significant ramp-up 
at the organization level in the last 1 year, and we'll continue to build our capabilities across 
these 3 or 4 footprints. We already, in fact, have 6 or 7 projects that are under development and 
construction as we speak. So we are already there. So 
Karan Khanna: 
My second question to you, Rishi. If I look at Slide 2 of the Investor Presentation, you have 
stated FY '26 guidance of about INR6,000 crores, INR6,500 crores. But given your past record 
-- past track record of 140% achievement over guidance, is it safe to think that given the kind of 
launch pipeline across Gurgaon and Noida and also the pending sales at Estate 360, you can 
comfortably surpass this number? That's one part of the question. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So Karan, again, a great question. As management team, we believe in promising and 
guiding the market basis our realistic assessment of the launches, the micro markets and overall 
macro microenvironment that we are anticipating. Having said that, of course, our endeavour 
and internal targets would be to surpass that guidance. But we definitely believe that this is a 
realistic guidance that we thought would be fair to give to the market. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And also, in Slide 20 of the presentation, new 3 million square feet project under 
commercial negotiation was added this quarter in Noida. So could you talk a bit on this and on 
timelines and your potential for other BD opportunities that you expect to materialize in FY '26 
and '27. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So as I said, if you look at our guidance of booking value, INR21,000 crores from FY '26 
to '28, INR14,000 crores is already in. And for INR7,000 crores, we would need 2 to 3 projects, 
one which -- and this would be over FY '26 to '27, Karan. So basis the pipeline that we have, we 
feel very confident also if you look at our past track record to deliver on those BD targets that 
we have, commensurate to the trajectory. 
 
As far as specific question on Noida is concerned, this is based on a bilateral negotiation that we 
are doing, again, in a promising micro market. We will be able to give you more details as time 
progresses, but there are some good opportunities coming along our way in Noida as well. In 
addition to anything that authority would bring in auction, Karan, like 105, which we bought 
through an auction process. 
Karan Khanna: 
This is helpful. And my last question to you, Nitin, if you can give some color on the overall 
collection milestones that are expected in FY '26 and also the extension of partnership with New 
York Life. Can you highlight the share of New York Life and total capex requirement to 
complete both the projects? And will and when also be taking over share in liabilities and 
receivables that came with the Delhi One land development? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Sure, Karan. Karan, in the coming year, we have got 2 projects, 128 and 360 in which sales have 
already happened and collections have also happened. In the current year, what we're expecting 
is another tranche of collection to come from Estate 128 of close to INR400 crores to INR450 
crores and another tranche of collection to come from 360 close to INR900 crores to INR1,000 
crores. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
In addition to that, what we are projects which we are planning to launch we expect presales of 
around close to INR6,000 crores in the current year. What we're expecting is to have a collection 
of close to say INR1,000 crores coming from just 2 projects. So broadly, we would be looking 
at INR 600 crores as equity infusion of NYL for 49% shareholding in the Sector 105 project and 
in Delhi One project. So with these projects, we would be in this equity infusion, we would be 
achieving the financial closure of the project from an equity perspective. And in the due course, 
we'd also be going ahead for the financial by raising debt on these projects. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial. Sorry to interrupt, 
sir. I would request you to please use your handset. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. Sir, what was the operating cash flow from residential segment 
in FY '25? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Good morning, Ritwik. In the FY '25, we had an operating cash flow from residential in the 
range of INR450 crores to INR500 crores in FY '25. And what we're expecting this number to 
have a significant growth in the coming year. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So with the collections of INR2,000 crores, can we expect this to move towards INR1,000 
crores in FY '26? 
Nitin Kansal: 
We can expect that to happen in that direction. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, second question is on the economic interest of Max Estates in Delhi One 
and Noida project for the residential side. Can you give us that, please? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So what is happening Ritwik, in the economic interest of Max Estates since this project is 
currently 51%. Once the New York Life comes in, we will have a number of close to 49% with 
New York Life and with the Max Estates owning 51% of the economic interest. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. This is for the residential as well, right? 
Nitin Kansal 
So this is on mixed land use. For the residential projects, 100% economic interest is with us. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Okay. So we have structured it in such a way that the residential is completely with us 
and only the commercial of... 
Nitin Kansal 
Just to clarify, the -- in the mixed land use, the Antara asset residential and commercial, both put 
together, we have a 51% interest. The projects, which are exclusively residential in that, we have 
100% economic interest. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. And what about the Noida project, sir? 
Nitin Kansal 
The 105. So 105 will have a similar case. New York Life is coming with a stake of 49% in that 
also. And we will continue to hold 51% economic interest. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So this is for the mixed use, including residential? 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Nitin Kansal 
Yes. Yes. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Okay. So this would be the first project, where New York Life would be partnering with 
us in residential as well, right? 
Nitin kansal 
Yes. Yes, your understanding is correct. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, what was the thought process behind this? If you can just highlight to get 49% 
from there as well. 
Sahil Vachani 
I think given that these are mixed land use projects, we look at it as an integrated development. 
And having New York Life, as a partner, we believe, has served us extremely well in the 
commercial segment. And if we can deliver an outstanding experience like we have done in our 
commercial segment here, we are confident of growing this partnership. 
 
So not only does it enable to build us -- build further strengthen the balance sheet for us but also 
help us to do more projects and being able to get more scale. So for all of those reasons, having 
a partner like New York Life is paramount. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Great. Great. And sir, so going forward, in case we need some more capital on the residential 
side, this could be an option in the future as well, right, such partnership with... 
Sahil Vachani 
Exactly. That's strategically why we feel it's good to bring them in at the project level for these. 
So these could be opportunities that could open up in the future as well. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Great. And sir, just one last question. On the gross debt, it's about INR1,350 crores and 
INR850 crores you mentioned is the LRD. So balance is for the residential portion. Is that 
understanding right? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Balance is for residential and also for the commercial assets, which is for the -- the construction 
finance is being taken. So we've got 2 projects, Acreage and MaxVIL undergoing and on which 
we have a construction finance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sulabh Jhajharia from Nippon Life AMC. 
Sulabh Jhajharia: 
Just one small question. So when I see the quarterly trend of total lease area, it has gone up in 
Q4 versus Q3, while the lease rental income has come down from around INR304 million to 
INR275 million. Just curious to know why that has come down while the area lease has gone 
up? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So what happens is typically, when we enter into lease agreements, they have a certain period 
of rent-free fit-out, which is given as rent free to the tenants. When it is over a period of time, 
that rent equilibrium takes place. So on a long-term period, if you see on a run rate basis, we 
would be coming to a number of close to INR150 crores. 
Sulabh Jhajharia: 
Okay. So in this case, when it goes down quarter-on-quarter, that means some area got leased in 
and some area would have got leased out, is it? Because that's where the gap should come in 
because if the lease -- net lease area has gone up and people are already there, the number should 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 12 of 13 
 
have gone up, right? I mean, or it remains same, but it has come down quarter-on-quarter, hence 
I was wondering why is it so? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So what happens is at times, certain tenants have a rent-free period in the quarter, which kind of 
equates a number and results in a number going down for a certain quarter. But if you see on an 
annual basis, the number equates out on an equal basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sagar Shah from Financial Research. 
Sagar Shah: 
Just one clarification. In terms of -- I mean, since for construction projects in terms of accounting 
regulations, I mean, we are supposed to only book sales once the OC is obtained and the 
possession handed over. So am I correct in understanding that our first bookings in books would 
be in FY '28 when we deliver Phase 1 of Estate 128. Am I right in thinking? 
Nitin Kansal 
Yes, your understanding is correct. 
Sagar Shah: 
So FY '28 would be the first booking. So that should be approximately since the GDV of that 
project is approximately INR2,800 crores, right? 
Nitin Kansal: 
There are 2 parts to it. One was the Phase 1, which had a GDV of INR1,844 crores which will 
be booked in FY 28 and balance is towards Tower 4 of Estate 128 which will be booked in FY 
29 
Sagar Shah: 
So that would be the first... 
Nitin Kansal: 
The only thing, which I will that I'd like to highlight over here is the accounting clarity, whereby 
the marketing cost is booked in the year in which is incurred. If you see in the current year, we 
had booked a marketing expense of close to INR38 crores. So corresponding to which the 
income would come in FY '28, but the expense is getting accounted for in the current year. 
Sagar Shah: 
Yes, I appreciate. So from FY '28 onwards, all the sales bookings would be -- would accelerate, 
right, for all our projects? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes, yes. I think that the way to look at it is that we would be having a steady-state number of a 
top line of close to INR6,000 crores and gradually moving up year-on-year from FY '28 onwards, 
'29 onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Gupta from Zeno Research. 
Gaurav Gupta: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. Just one question. How are we looking at the geographic 
expansion, some of the Tier 2 cities of NCR like Jewar, Ghaziabad and in fact, Faridabad as 
well. Are these the areas that as a company you would be looking to explore in future? 
Rishi Raj: 
Gaurav, thank you. At this point in time, we are very focused, and we see huge opportunities 
between 3 dominant regions of Delhi NCR, both from a commercial and residential standpoint, 
which is Gurgaon, Delhi, and Noida. In terms of some of the new markets, which are emerging, 
those markets are in our radar. We are studying those markets. And at the right point in time, 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
 
when we have the conviction, we will come back and update you. But at this point in time, the 
focus is in these 3 markets. 
Gaurav Gupta: 
Understood. And just another question. So based on the guidance that you have given for the 
next financial year, so for the Gurgaon project, would it be fair to assume that the pricing based 
on the million square feet of development that it would be somewhere around INR23,000 and 
for Noida One would be probably around -- just for the residential bit around close to 
INR30,000? 
Rishi Raj: 
So Gaurav, explicit guidance at this stage before we get RERA wouldn't be fair for us to 
comment on that. But we will -- at the right point in time, we will give you the indications. 
Moderator: 
Sir, does that answer your question? As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you so much. Thank you for participating and going through us, reflecting on our journey 
for last year. Look forward to engage with you in the subsequent earnings calls. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Max Estates Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
