                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
A Kirloskar Group Company 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1, Hadapsar Industrial Estate, Hadapsar, 
Pune, Maharashtra 411013 
Tel: +91 (20) 26727000 
Fax: +91 (20) 26870297 
Email: sec@kirloskar.com | Website: www.kirloskarpneumatic.com 
CIN: L29120PN1974PLC110307 
 
Ref.: SEC&LEG/93 
April 30, 2025  
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code – 505283 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051.  
NSE Symbol: KIRLPNU 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Conference Call 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and in continuation of earlier communication vide letter SEC&LEG/71 dated April 18, 2025; we inform that 
the Conference Call for Investors and Analysts was held on Thursday, April 24, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (IST) to 
discuss on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The Transcript of the Conference Call is enclosed and is available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.kirloskarpneumatic.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
 
 
 
Jitendra R. Shah 
Company Secretary  
Membership No. 17243 
Jitendra Rajaram 
Shah
Digitally signed by Jitendra 
Rajaram Shah 
Date: 2025.04.30 16:49:40 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited Q4 & FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. SRINIVASAN - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
KIRLOSKAR PNEUMATIC COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. RAMESH BIRAJDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
KIRLOSKAR PNEUAMTIC COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. JITENDRA SHAH – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
KIRLOSKAR PNEUAMTIC COMPANY LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. AMIT SHAH – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited Q4 
and FY'25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Shah from Antique Stock Broking. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Amit Shah: 
Yes, thank you, Manu. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking 
Limited, I welcome you all to 4Q FY'25 Post-Result Earnings Call of Kirloskar Pneumatic 
Company Limited. 
To discuss the results, we have the Senior Management Team of the Company, represented by 
Mr. K. Srinivasan – Managing Director of the Company; Mr. Ramesh Birajdar – CFO of the 
Company. 
I would hand over the call to Mr. K. Srinivasan for his opening remark, post which we can 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, so good evening to all of you. Let me start by wishing you all well on the occasion of the 
various New Years we celebrated last week, Bengali, Punjabi, Assamese, Odia, Malayali and 
Tamil New Year. I also take a minute to pass to mark of respect in memory of the 26 innocents 
who lost their life yesterday. Let's continue with the call. 
Before proceeding with the business update, I will ask Mr. Jitendra Shah, our Company 
Secretary, to read out the Disclaimer Statement. Jitendra, please. 
Jitendra Shah: 
Thank you, sir. 
The Presentation uploaded on the website of the Company and discussion on the financial 
results during the earnings call may contain statements relating to future business 
developments and economic performance that could constitute forward-looking statements. 
While these forward-looking statements represent the Company's judgments and future 
expectations, a number of factors could cause actual developments and results to differ 
materially from expectations. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any 
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Further, investors are 
requested to exercise their own judgments in assessing various risks associated with the 
Company and also the effectiveness of the measures which taken by the Company in tackling 
them as indicated during the discussions. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
Thank you. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Thanks, Jitendra. Now, I will proceed with the business updates. 
The Financial Year F'25 was as near to plan as one could get. We achieved both the topline 
and bottom-line plan in spite of the various uncertainties, thanks to the robust business model 
that allows for the various sectors and markets to compensate for each other. Domestic market 
was strong in food, dairy, pharma, fertilizer, and chemicals, and in some sectors of general 
engineering. Growth in oil and gas sector as well as all the new energy sectors was patchy. Our 
targeted and modest export aspiration was more than met with export at Rs. 124 crore, which is 
roughly about 10% of sales. New product sales of Tezcatlipoca centrifugal compressors, 
Khione screw compressors, Calana boosters, Jarilo biogas compressors, and Aria low-cost air 
compressors all picked up traction. 
With the record filing of and award of 41 IPs during the year, the Company is accelerating in 
creating a more winning solution for its customers. Order booking remains strong, providing 
clear visibility for continued growth in F'26. I do understand that there are some concerns 
expressed about order booking, and I will address them later. 
Sales for the year was Rs. 1,629 crores as against Rs. 1,323 crores of the previous year, a 
growth of 23%. Growth came predominantly from the domestic market, exports too grew and 
grew by 80% from the very modest Rs. 69 crores of the previous year. We produced over 
3,500 compressors during the year and this was a new record. 
Order booking was strong and this leaves us with an order book as we start the year of Rs. 
1,624 crores as compared to Rs. 1,425 crores, Rs. 1,475 crores of the last year. This increase of 
12% may be appearing less than our projected sales growth of at least 20%, but considering the 
fact that our average execution cycle as a whole has come down primarily because our switch 
between equipment sales and packet sales has changed 60-40 in a positive direction. 
Consequently, this order book does represent adequate order backlog for meeting our growth 
aspirations. Also, the inquiry pipeline and the orders in hand would allow us to meet the 
planned growth not only of F'26, but also going forward. 
We are continuing our effort to build in-house manufacturing capabilities both at Nashik and at 
Saswad. Towards this, facilities to manufacture the Tyche range of semi-hermetic compressors 
and the lost foam casting, LFC range of cast iron, SG iron and steel castings for our 
compressor parts have been commissioned. CAPEX execution for the year was near Rs. 100 
crores. The acquisition of the 55.26% stake in Systems & Components (India) Private Limited 
during the year allows the Company to scale up its business in the pharma, chemical, and dairy 
sectors. These are early days. We did have only a quarter and a few days for this Company to 
be brought into our fold. There is strong work in progress to ensure that we have a significant 
jump in the top and bottom line during the next year. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
The net working capital at Rs. 272 crores as against Rs. 300 crores, a decrease of about Rs. 28 
crores over the beginning of the year. This is about 15% of the sale and is in line with our 
planned objective. Free cash generation from operation was strong at Rs. 280 crores, 
supporting an enhanced dividend to commemorate the 50th AGM of the Company. There is a 
bit of an explanation that would be required to say why 50th AGM is quite different from our 
74th year of operation that I think most of you would know. 
Now let's discuss about our various product lines: 
Air Compressors: 
The air compressor business ended the year on a strong note with record dispatches of the 
Tezcatlipoca centrifugal compressors. The sale of large reciprocating compressor packages to 
the fertilizer and chemical plants added to the sales growth. Overall order intake was strong, 
indicating a clear growth in market share. The air compressor business continues to be 20% of 
our overall sales. 
Refrigeration Compressor Systems and Compressor Systems: 
This clearly was the start of the year as the refrigeration compression segment grew strongly 
on the back of cold chains and ice plants, dairy industry, food processing, pharma, chemicals, 
and fertilizer industries. This more than compensated for the marginal decline in the growth of 
the gas business. Bringing of Systems & Components (India) Private Limited into our fold 
further enhanced our offering to the growing market. 
Process Gas Compression System: 
The process gas space continues to throw up new opportunities and challenges. While the sale 
of gas packages was slow and steady, the sale of CNG packages and Calana booster for gas 
distribution was in fits and bursts. We had periods of good order inflow, bad execution, and 
vice versa. We continue to see a decline in commissioning of mother stations and a preference 
to put up daughter stations. This is clearly to comply with the coverage commitments that the 
gas companies have made and this is not a good sign for us. The booster compressor is a 
marginal business and we are reluctant to pick up more orders beyond the point. However, the 
new energy business both in hydrogen and biogas are growing, but it is yet to pick up 
significantly in terms of execution. 
Sale of CNG packages to the MENA region is scaling up and this seems to be a new area of 
growth as countries in this area find it the quickest way to get energy to meet their growing 
economies. We continue to operate and maintain near 1,000 odd filling stations across 15 
states, and the O&M business remains strong and growing. 
 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
Outlook for F'26: 
The economic outlook continues to be uncertain, less so in India. The general slowdown across 
geographies does have a sobering impact on all new projects and investments. Yet in all this, 
we seem to be in a sweet spot with several things going in our favor. We have a slew of 
launches, mostly replacing imports. We have good products addressing the growing market 
segments like dairy, pharma, chemicals, and more in-house manufacturing that is continuously 
being set up, reducing both our cost and shortening delivery. The strong engineering 
capabilities to build customized solutions for very many applications and industries helps us to 
meet the growing customized requirements of various customers. A large value of active 
quotes and proposal out there, as well as the highest ever order book at the beginning of year, 
both help to meet our growing aspirations. 
We are quite confident of reaching our first milestone of being above Rs. 2000 crores during 
this year. 
Now I will request Ramesh Birajdar – our CFO, to take you through the financial aspects. 
Ramesh. 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
Yes, thank you. Good evening. 
The Presentation highlighting the trends observed in the Q4 as well as FY'25 results is now 
available on the Company's website. You can find it in the Investor Relations section. 
Additionally, we have released the financial result on the BSE and NSE websites following the 
conclusion of the board meeting held today. These filings contain detailed information about 
the Company's performance. 
Before discussing the specifics of financial performance, let me first highlight some of the 
year's significant achievement. The Company recorded new order bookings exceeding Rs. 
1,860 crore during FY'25. This is the highest order gaining in the history of the Company. The 
sales of Rs. 1,629 crore witnessing the growth by 23% over the last year. Export sales gone up 
from Rs. 69 crores in FY'24 to Rs. 124 crore in FY'25. PBT, that is profit before tax showed a 
growth by 58% to the tune of Rs. 281 crore. 
Reaffirmed AA- credit rating by CRISIL with positive outlook, dividend at the rate of 500% 
for FY'25, which is the highest in any financial year. Completed one acquisition successfully 
in FY'25, and as a commitment to ESG, all our three factories have started using the solar 
energy to the extent of 30% of the total consumption. 
Now I will run through the Business Result for Q4 and the year ended on 31st March 2025: 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Sales for Q4 FY'25 were at Rs. 583 crores against Rs. 490 crores of Q4 FY'24. The sales for 
Q4 also showed a growth by 19% over the previous year Q4 FY'24. Other income for Q4 is 
almost same for both years Rs. 5.57 crore in FY'25 against Rs. 5.95 crore in FY'24. The total 
income for Q4 FY'25 was at Rs. 588 crore compared to Rs. 496 crore in the previous year. 
There is a minor change in the percentage of raw material to sales for Q4 FY'25 compared to 
Q4 FY'24, 56.36% in Q4 FY'25 against 56.21% in Q4 FY'24. However, the YTD percentage 
of raw material to sales has improved by 1.1% in FY'25 due to better product mix, better 
selection of orders, execution of the large packages, and export sales. 
The staff cost stands at Rs. 45.52 crore in Q4 FY'25, that is 7.75% of the total income against 
Rs. 37.88 crore in Q4 FY'24, again the same percentage 7.74% of the total income. YTD, 
employee-related cost stand at Rs. 177 crore, that is 10.72% of total income against Rs. 164 
crore that is 12.21% of the total income in FY'24. Lower depreciation is in FY'25 compared to 
FY'24 is due to the impairment of RoadRailer assets in FY'24, reduction in depreciation of the 
lease assets which are fully depreciated now. 
YTD, other expenses are mix of fixed and variable costs and are at Rs. 302 crores in FY'25 
against Rs. 244 crore in previous year. Increase in these expenses are mainly surge in 
execution of packages, higher export sales, enhanced level of service business, and expanding 
activities in our Nashik plant. The year-to-date performance for the year shows an 
improvement in the EBITDA margin reaching 19% of total income to Rs. 313 crore compared 
to 16.5% of total income to Rs. 222 crore in the previous year. 
In the ongoing fiscal year, the year to date profit before tax that is PBT has reached Rs. 281 
crore constituting 17% of total income against 13.25% to Rs. 178 crore in FY'24. Net profit 
after tax for the current fiscal year is Rs. 211 crore that is 12.8% of total income in comparison 
to previous year's Rs. 133 crore that is 9.9% of the total income. 
Company has maintained status as a debt-free Company, and I would like to state that 
Company still has net cash position of Rs. 330 crore plus as on 1st April 2025. The Company 
issued 1,24,300 equity shares during the year FY'25. Last year, 1,38,400 equity shares under 
its employee stock option program. As a result, the paid up share capital increased to Rs. 12.98 
crore compared to Rs. 12.95 at the beginning of the year. YTD earning per share in the current 
year has shown growth by 58% reaching to Rs. 32.50 per share while Rs. 20.60 per share was 
at the previous year FY'24. 
In line with our dividend policy, the Board of Directors have approved a final dividend at the 
rate of 325% on face value of Rs. 2, that is Rs. 6.50 per share. This is in addition to interim 
dividend at the rate of 175%, that is Rs. 3.50 per share. So the total dividend for FY'24 is 
500%, that is Rs. 10, which is the highest in the history of the Company. 
With about 94% of the total revenue coming from the compression segment, it remains the 
only reportable segment. The segment earned profit of about 21.71% in the current year, 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
higher than the previous year when it was 19.8%. The compression segment is consistently 
sustaining the profitability within the range of 18% to 20%, and which is directionally will 
maintain in that range. 
As of 1st April 2025, the order book amounted to Rs. 1,624 crore. Unallocable assets include 
the corporate assets and assets of transmission business and the Nashik plants to the tune of Rs. 
763 crore. As you may know, the Company recently acquired the Systems & Components 
(India) Private Limited, situated in the village Patgaon near Murbad, Maharashtra. Following 
this acquisition, the Company has published its consolidated income statement along with the 
balance sheet from the date of acquisition that is 4th December '24 to 31st March '25, 
reflecting the financials of both entities. Comparable details of consolidated business will be 
provided after completion of a full reporting cycle of one year. 
Now this forum is open for questions from our investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes, congratulations team for the strong set of numbers. My first question is, sir, you 
highlighted about the air compression, very strong growth and Tezcatlipoca received a 
phenomenal response, wanted to understand what was the absolute contribution or value from 
Tezcatlipoca on how it has grown versus last year. And second thing is any top 2, 3 industries 
where you highlight, definitely highlighted few sectors, any top 2, 3 sectors where the 
Tezcatlipoca is receiving strong response. And you highlighted about the market share gain. So 
any sense whether we gained, but to what extent we have gained the market share versus the 
competition? 
K. Srinivasan: 
The ACD business itself is a pretty small business. It is only 20% of the Company's total sales. 
Tezcatlipoca centrifugal compressors now account almost about 15% to 18% of the ACD 
business. So that is a big growth that we are seeing. This was not a product line 3 years back, 
so that's a big jump. So in terms of multiples, it is growing many times every year. So we will 
actually see how big it can be. Like we said in the beginning, it can be anywhere between a Rs. 
300 to Rs. 500 crore opportunity in 3 to 5 years. We are the only people who make the entire 
centrifugal compressor in India, and that gives us a huge advantage. In terms of industries 
where this is being accepted, metal, all kinds of metal, carbon black, cement, so these are some 
of the big industries that are buying. Material conveying industries like power plants etc. for 
conveying coal and all. So these are broadly, wherever large volume of air is being used at 
moderate pressure, this is picked up. And this is a very popular product now. We hope to see 
much bigger traction going forward. 
 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure. Now coming to the gas segment you highlighted that the oil and gas remains patchy so 
any ballpark you want, are we expecting that the package orders will moderate and any color 
you want to give what was the contribution from package and CNG this year and how it will 
shape next year? 
K. Srinivasan: 
The package business is about half of our process gas business. The other half comes from the 
gas distribution, which is the CNG packages at the petrol stations and the boosters, as well as 
in the O&M, maintenance and operations of all these stations. It's about half and half, very 
roughly. And the package business is okay. It's not as patchy as the CNG station and the 
installation of the booster packages. Their orders are coming in. The installation is that a muted 
on and off. There's some urgency sometimes and then they say, no, no, the sites are not ready. 
So it is going a little up and down. The PNRB's approval of 18,000 stations, out of that they 
are supposed to about 2,000 odd stations every year. I think if you look at most of their 
numbers that are putting out, they are still calling out somewhere between 1,500 to 1,800 
stations is what they are looking to put out. Unfortunately, a significant number of them end up 
being booster stations. That is where the whole story changes completely. 
Amit Anwani: 
So lastly on the order intake, if I can see roughly about Rs. 1,860 crores versus Rs. 1,770 
crores. So just 3%, 4% growth this year in order inflow. So is it a right read through that this 
includes now the package orders might have increased and as you highlighted that the duration 
has gone up? Or can we understand that there was some slowdown in receiving the inflows? 
K. Srinivasan: 
No, I think there is some error there. The order, full year order pickup was up by 23%. We 
were some 1,460 odd numbers. I am now giving you a number without, it could be 1,465, 
1,462 whatever it is. And this year it's about 1,800 something. So it was up by almost 23% for 
the full year order booking. Now the opening order bank as we start the year is 12% higher 
than the opening order bank that we started the previous year with. So booking for the year 
was 23% up, our execution obviously was much faster, quicker during the year and I give an 
explanation for that, that we are having now a significant change in the breakup between 
equipment as a part of the total sale versus packages as a part of the total sale. As we go more 
towards the equipment as a part of the total sale, the execution cycle shortens. So we have now 
actually moved down on an average the execution cycle from about 7 months to about 5 
months. So that means the order bank will automatically be lower. 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes, thank you so much, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shubham Sehgal from SiMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
 
 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Shubham Sehgal: 
So my first question was on the process gas segment. I mean, as you mentioned that like the 
slowdown is still very apparent and the stations are not coming up and we are supplying the 
daughter packages or the boosters. But do we see any improvement coming up in this year? 
Will we start to supply the mother packages or how do you foresee? And another one thing on 
our process gas segment, Reliance had planned 500 compressed biogas plants and I think one 
of the plants showed some progress like earlier last month. So did we supply our compressor 
there and do we have any outlook on this? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, so first let me answer the gas distribution which is really the mother station and the 
daughter station. This business is not something that's going away. There is a slowdown but 
this goes up and down with the availability of gas and the pricing of gas that is available. So 
the plan to have overall in the country more than 96% of the geography covered by city gas 
and as the corollary you need to have also this along with the gas distribution for the industries 
and automobiles. So that is both goes together. Otherwise they won't be able to make money. 
18,000 stations have to come up and I think they still have to do something like about 12,000 
to 14,000 stations. The exact numbers will be difficult to tell at the moment. So this keeps 
coming up, so it is not going away and we are still a very, very strong player in it. We continue 
to manage and run over 1,000 stations across the country. So that is on the PGS gas system. 
Now coming to the biogas business, yes, Reliance had announced 500 biogas plants. There is 
an overall Government of India scheme saying that there will be 5,000 biogas plants across the 
country in 5 years. We have several products for this. We have the Jarilo range of compressors 
which can take biogas as it is generated from 0.5 bar and take it up to 250 bar to fill cascades 
or to fill into vehicles directly. Or we can even compress it and put it into pipelines or 
conveying to various places. Now Reliance Project, we are an approved supplier of 
compressors. So there is a move by Reliance. Earlier they were offering the complete package 
as an order out to a person who will set up the plant for generating biogas, for compressing it, 
and to bottle it. Today, they seem to be convinced that the equipment can be directly ordered 
on reputed manufacturers like Kirloskar. So we expect more orders to come directly from 
Reliance, and we are an approved supplier to Reliance for both the low-pressure and the high-
pressure gas. We expect the biogas business would scale up, but it is not scaling up as fast as 
everybody would expect it to happen. And we had explained this reason earlier also. This 
slowdown is not because of intent, it is because of the science of generating continuous biogas 
from a variable biosource and still delivering the kind of requirement of gas that is stipulated. 
That is where the challenge is. And I think they will need this. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay, all right. And on margin expansion, I mean, like the initiatives we have been taking like 
our fabrication plant and other backward integration we are doing. So can we make margins to 
like, can we do over 20% in FY'26 or it will take time to gradually reach there or we can 
maybe like out to 20% like how is your outlook on margins? 
 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
K. Srinivasan: 
See, on the EBITDA margin, I think we have said directionally the Company will move 
towards 20%, we are already something like about 19%. The compression segment margin we 
said will be about 20%, we are already at 21.7%. So we have moved directionally. Now 
Ramesh had explained several times that there is a trade-off between margin and volume. So 
we have to keep that in mind that we would like to get a 20% topline growth continuously and 
we would use margins prudently to trade off to see that the volume of top line does not 
diminish. Most of the businesses we work with are government, government related, and they 
are all tender based, and we would like to stay very competitive. So the in-house 
manufacturing gives us the capability to be cost competitive and allow us to work for 
customers who still buy on L1, but still also make reasonable margins as we go forward. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay, that seems fair. Just my last question. So I think last quarter we had mentioned that we 
reported like around Rs. 130 crore revenue for Tezcatlipoca for the whole 9 months. So if you 
can provide the number for it for the full year and do we have other compressors which are 
kind of crossing the Rs. 100 crore mark and any other compressor other than Tezcatlipoca that 
we are getting on? We have very high scope so that it could reach good scale. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Tezcatlipoca has not crossed Rs. 100 crores this year. We are still working to cross Rs. 100 
crores during the current year. Booking orders, we expect to cross Rs. 100 crores during the 
current year. At the moment, it is not Rs. 100 crores. It is significantly lower than that, but we 
have booking orders and scaling up. As far as the question of which are the compressor 
packages where we do more than Rs. 100 crores, the KG series of compressors, which is really 
ammonia reciprocating compressor, has been a well above Rs. 100 crores for many years now, 
and it continues to be the largest selling reciprocating compressor with ammonia, which is a 
natural refrigerant used in cold chains, ice plants across the country with a dominant position. 
All the CNG compressors also, the KG series of compressors, also have been over Rs. 100 
crores for many years now. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Got it. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we move on, ladies and gentlemen, please restrict yourself to 2 questions 
per participants, as there are several participants. The next question is from the line of Mahesh 
Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to know your input on the 
order inflow for the full year. Will we be able to see a 20% kind of growth in order inflow as 
well? 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
If you see the order receipt in the year FY'25, we got almost Rs. 1,860 crore plus. And this is 
the highest order booking in any financial year. And in terms of the sales also, this is the 
highest sales ever in the Company. Going forward, which is switched from the packages to 
equipment, where the cycle time for the production and sale is lower. And that is gaining 
benefit to achieve our aspirational sets. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Okay, so we have not witnessed any order inflow slackness in the current quarter at least? 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
No, there are many orders. There are inquiries also. We are working on that. And on that basis, 
we are saying that we'll achieve the aspirational sales of Rs. 2,000 crore plus. 
K Srinivasan: 
So I think there are quite a few questions on order book and order backlog. Let me explain it 
like this. We have said in the beginning that our business modeling of working on different 
segments and markets allows us the comfort of managing order inflow, obviously trading off 
some margin between various segments. If the gas distribution segment sees a slowdown, we 
can pick up traction in the segment which is the refrigeration segment, which also offers us 
opportunities both in commercial and industrial, we do more on the commercial side as an 
optional thing where we can pick up more orders. So overall our position has been literally the 
same. We've been saying that we will meet the 20% growth. Our order intake supports this 
aspiration and there is patchy slowdown and patchy good things also happening. The 
refrigeration part which really runs into food, food processing, dairy. These are all doing 
exceptionally well for our pharma fertilizers, chemicals, all of them are doing exceptionally 
well. So on the whole, our order intake is adequate to meet our growth aspiration. That's the 
sum and substance that we would like to leave with you. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure sir, thank you so much sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please restrict yourself to 2 questions only. If you 
have a follow-up question, we request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the 
line of Manoj Bahety from Carnelian Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I specifically when I see I mean, Rs. 83 crores of 
PAT this quarter. I mean, the number when we started this journey is maybe Rs. 22 crores. 
This was a full year PAT. So, kudos to the team for that almost the full year PAT has come in 
a single quarter. Definitely, there has been a progression which has happened. Largely, I 
wanted to understand on the order booking side. I mean, when I see the order book for this 
particular quarter now stands at Rs. 1,625 crores and you are also mentioning that Rs. 2,000 
crores stand for visibility, you are still looking. So just wanted to get a sense and execution 
cycle has come down. But how can there be a change just in a single quarter that last quarter 
we were still looking at an order book to be sufficient enough for us to have the Rs. 2,000 
crores. Now there is a change in that. So if you can provide some clarity around that, some 
color as to what will be the equipment order intake for this particular year, equipment order 
intake and project order intake out of the Rs. 1,860 crores of order inflow and also in the last 
year basis…. 
 
 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
K. Srinivasan: 
I think we have gone through this and I will repeat again. Our order booking for the year was 
23% higher than the previous year. Our order backlog as we start the year, as we call it, the 
order bank for execution during the year is 12% higher than the last year. So these are the two 
criteria benchmarks that you have to look at. Will a 12% higher order bank allow us to deliver 
20% growth in the topline is the question that is to be answered. We believe we can for 2 
reasons. One is compared to the last year, this year we will have an even higher execution of 
equipment compared to packages. So we expect to execute more of the orders that we booked 
this year quite quickly. Consequently, we still are confident that we will deliver the 20% plus 
growth that we are planning for the year. Now, we will have to deliver quarter-on-quarter and 
as we go forward, we will be able to convince everybody that this is possible. Our modeling 
shows that we are booking enough orders. As of now, I am busy for the first quarter. I am quite 
busy for the package orders for the full year. We still have to see that the order of traction is 
good, and we believe it is good to complete the numbers that we have put out. We will talk 
about it every quarter. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Sure sir, understood. How much would be the equipment order booking for this particular 
financial year of this Rs. 1,860 crores? 
K. Srinivasan: 
The equipment orders get booked and executed during the same year. Out of the Rs. 1,465 
crores of order bank that we start with, only about Rs. 400 odd crores would be equipment. 
More than Rs. 1,000 crores would be the packages, about Rs. 1,000 crores. I won't say exactly. 
Packages and maybe the AMC were there. So we should be okay. Our estimation is that we 
have enough orders to do the numbers. 
Manoj Bahety: 
And second question was just about Tezcatlipoca compressor. I mean, over here, the business 
has done well for us over the last 3 years. Now close to 4% to 5% of our business is coming 
from this particular category. Just wanted to understand, and we are also getting market share. 
Just wanted to understand the differentiation here and what is the product differentiation from 
a competition perspective or from an operating perspective. If you could throw some color 
over that, that would be really helpful. And how should one see this particular number building 
in over the last 3 years? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Centrifugal compressor business in India is roughly about Rs. 300 crores. We expect it to be 
about Rs. 500 crores in the next 2 to 3 years. Current customer manufacturers will deliver these 
compressors are almost all imported. Some of them would be 100% imported. Some of them 
would have the airends and significant parts imported and just put together in India. In any 
case, they are significantly import dependent. They are expensive. And they are all based on 
supply chains with anywhere between 7000 kilometers and above, parts would come from 
China, parts would come from Europe, parts would come from the US. The compressor that 
we make is designed by us, manufactured entirely in a supply chain within 200 kilometers. I 
have 3 factories within which we do this. And whatever we have delivered has been delivering 
the lowest cost of utilization, the lowest lifetime cost of usage as we believe. Initially it is just a 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
demonstration. As customers buy and use it, the repeat orders demonstrate that they find that it 
is far superior to anything that they've experienced so far. It's economical, it's efficient. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Sure, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ashish Kumar from Ampersand 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is, you have already given guidance of Rs. 
2,000 crores for next year. My question is more of a medium term, like beyond FY'26, do we 
see this 20% kind of revenue growth sustaining? And my second question is this change in this 
order book mix. Do you think it is structural and what does it mean for our margins from a 
medium term perspective? Thank you. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Now coming to the medium term perspective, we have been saying that we are in an industry 
where delivering a 20% sustained growth over a longish period of time is possible. We are at a 
very early stage of this growth curve. We can deliver it. So what are the enablers that will give 
us the confidence that we can do it? One is our current market share. If you look at air 
compressors, we are now somewhere between 5% to 7%. If you look at our market share as a 
country in the refrigeration business, what compressors are made in India and the product 
addressed through the Indian manufacturer is very, very small. India is still the largest importer 
of compressors. If you look at the gas business, we are probably the only one who does most of 
the packaging and the work within India. And also we have the distribution compressors that 
we build ourselves 100%. So there are a lot of things going in our favor. Modeling is done in 
such a way that we increasingly do more and more manufacture within the country, which 
allows us two things. One is it allows us the speed of execution. Second is it allows us 
customization to meet specific requirements of customers. Third is it allows us to be cost-
competitive. With all this, we have a huge opportunity out there. We are a small, small player 
in a huge developing market, predominantly served with imported inputs. The market itself is 
India, and I see this 20% growth for a significant period of time is a definite possibility. Now, 
what are the things we are doing to give us the right to play there? One, our R&D investment 
of trying to put in enough number of IPs is one big investment to build the capability. Two, we 
are setting up manufacturing, and these are not traditional old manufacturing. And we do have 
a casting plant that has been running for 60 years. But the new casting plant that we set up 
would be a lost foam casting, which is probably there may be 2 or 3 plants in India of such 
type. And even that, what we do is even more special. It's hydrocarbon free. It's got so many 
other features that make it even more competitive and even more environmentally friendly. So 
all we are trying to do is build capabilities that will allow us to deliver this 20% growth in an 
opportunity that is already there. We are not creating that opportunity. That is why we are not 
so worried about markets slowing down, going up etc. because our share of the total market 
even today is so small that even if the market does not grow and stays where it is for 1 year or 
2 years, I still can continue to grow. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Ashish Kumar: 
Okay, understood. Comment on the margins? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, so margins we keep saying and Ramesh explained it best. Capability to deliver superior 
margins exists, but depending on market conditions, we are willing to trade off margins for 
growth. So all we keep saying is directionally, Company's margin be about 20% EBITDA and 
the compression segment already 21% plus, we will keep it around 21%, 22%, but we will 
focus on getting scale in volume. 
Ashish Kumar: 
That's all from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Jain from Chris PMS, please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Thank you. My questions have been answered. You can move on to the next. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Network 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
First of all, congratulations. That is extremely amazing execution from your team. So very well 
done. My first question is, which are these new products that we expect to roll out in the next 
one year or so and when we expect some good response and good order bookings? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Okay, so thanks for this question because it's a nice subject to me to explain. See, if you look 
at the capital goods product that we bring to the market, generally is first is a product 
acceptance, second is product scale up. So there are two parts to it. We need to get about 10% 
market before it starts scaling up. Tezcatlipoca took 2 years for it to get accepted by the market 
and then the rapid scale up starts. And then you really get to a cascading effect as customers 
buy and experience it. We had the similar experience in Khione with the variant that we 
thought we can sell a bare shaft compressor and eventually we realized for 2 years the sales 
was just so lukewarm that we shifted to packaging it and suddenly now it is picked up very 
well. So I will come and tell you what are the products that will scale up. Our definition of a 
new product is product launched within the last 3 years. So the Tezcatlipoca will scale up 
remarkably. The Khione packages will scale up. And here we have an outlet further added to 
our chain by having systems and components as one more potential customer internally. Then 
we have the products like the Jarilo which is announced. So that is another thing. The new 
product that we are hitting the market with this year is Tyche. Now Tyche is a semi-hermetic 
compressor, probably the only semi-hermetic compressor made in India. Today, over a 1000 
semi-hermetic compressors are being imported, primarily from Germany, Italy, and a little bit 
from China as well. These are technically a superior product. The Tyche would be comparable 
or better than what they get from imports, and obviously significantly better priced than the 
imported German or the Italian machines. Over a 1000 compressors come into this country. 
Now depends on how we position. Do we want to sell them as bare compressors or do we want 
to package them and offer it as a customer solution? This is something that we will learn as we 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
go forward. Initially, our interest would be to just sell the compressor, then it is a need to 
product against an import, but if you package it in offer then you end up partly competing with 
your own OEs. So there will be a mix. Our learning from the Khione has been that you have to 
go through this in a mixed way. We will do that. There are several other products, but a couple 
of them are not even announced. So I would wait till they are launched before I make the 
announcement. Like I said, 41 IPs both granted and filed is an indication that there is a lot 
many good things in the pipeline coming out. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Right, sir. Tyche just a follow up question. Will go into which end user industries? Is it 
refrigeration? Just understand... 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, it is refrigeration. So all commercial refrigeration starting from cold chains, the cold 
boxes, cold rooms in restaurants and other storage areas. It could be very, very small ones as 
well. So quite a few small things. This cannot go or this we are not made the smaller ones yet, 
which can go into reefer containers, milk delivery vans etc. But they are all in the pipeline. 
There are quite a few things. Happy things will come. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Right, And secondly, sir, you said the refrigeration side of the business is very largely 
dominated by imports. So can you give a number to it as in how much percent of this market is 
currently catered by imports? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So almost all, 100% all the compressors were imported. So that's the first thing. Now what is 
the market? Is it only the compressor or the compression system? Because there is a condenser, 
there's a fan, there's the whole packaging that has to be done before it becomes a working tool. 
Now eventually that part of the work is partly being done in India with imported parts. At 
which part would we play is the question. So we generally tend to give packages, which is not 
just the bare compressor, but the condenser, the air handling system, the cooler, the whole 
thing. So if you cut it at different places, the market could be anywhere between Rs. 3,000 
crores plus. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it, sir. Got it, got it. And lastly, is it fair to assume that the equipment versus package ratio 
in our order book will be now something like 60-40, which was vice versa before? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, that's the way we are. Some months plus minus, but directionally, we are 60-40 
equipment-favor. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And equipment is a 5-month processing sort of time? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Equipment is about 16 weeks on an average. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay, thank you, thank you so much and all the best. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Hi, Srinivasan. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Good evening. 
Bharat Shah: 
Good evening to you. Just one question. We have a 65-year-old Company now, almost. And if 
you look at it, say, even 5 years back, we were just about half the turnover that we have just 
achieved in the year gone by. Therefore, for a longish period of time, we have kind of lived 
modestly. But clearly, the last 5 years, things seem to have improved and accelerated even if it 
is on a very low base. But things have definitely improved and more data, faster clip. And 
there is a greater ambition to grow. There is a greater desire to engage with the outside world 
and achieve exports and explore more areas where we can find our feet and clearly our 
profitability also has improved. So what I wanted to understand is how much of these 
improvement both in the topline growth, margin improvement, the overall character of the 
business in terms of capital efficiency. How much of this improvement in last 5 years is 
because of internal resolve and energizing and engagement and how much it is improved due 
to the external opportunity becoming more favorable? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Thank you for a very good analysis and I must explain this in 2 parts. First part is the 
environment in which we are currently operating is hugely supporting growth compared to 
what we were earlier. I think that is the first thing. So credit should go to the external 
environment and opportunities that is now available for the Company to grow, which is 
significantly more, significantly bigger than what it was earlier. That's the first thing. The 
second half of the growth is the ability of the team to address those opportunities and accept 
those new challenges that have come up. There it has been a question of building capabilities, 
be it in the design, engineering, R&D sector, be it in a conscious decision to be, let's say, not in 
line with the traditional process of saying that everything should be outsourced, we do only 
minimum in-house etc. We are going exactly the opposite of what most common 
manufacturing companies have done. We have in-housed a lot of things. We have consciously 
decided to go more deeper into manufacturing which means we have looked back and said, 
which are those things that we and many companies did do in-house but gave away over a 
period of time, get back to very basic things like forging, fabrication, casting, and say, with the 
science, with the technology that is currently available, is this still the right solution to get it 
done by small scalers who are outside there doing it with very old techniques and methods 
etc.? So here is something I would say learning from the Chinese model, scale, competence, 
building the new signs around old processes and seeing how we can build products more 
efficiently. So that is a capability building exercise. The strategic call that all of us collectively 
take and do is to ensure that the business modeling is done with 3 tires of aspiration. One is 
growth is paramount. We need to grow because the market is there, opportunity is there. 
Second is it has to be profitable growth. The third one is it should be cash accretive. We should 
generate enough free cash and that should fund all our aspirations. So everything has been 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
structured in a way, choice of markets, choice of mix between opportunities to take, call to say 
whether we should get into exports early enough or choose the markets we export. So all that 
has come out of a business modeling exercise that we have done to say that we are relatively 
agnostic to market variance. That is what I have been explaining. Look, you are not too 
worried when there is a big tariff war out there. You are not too worried when there is a bit of a 
slowdown out there because in most cases we have chosen segments and markets in a way that 
there is enough headroom for us to meet our current growth aspirations for quite some time. So 
that is the way we have modeled it. And we are quite confident that we will be able to live up 
to the expectations of investors and not disappoint them for quite some period of time. 
Bharat Shah: 
I know that Srinivasan that you are the humble man and you do not want to draw light to 
yourself, but how much, really speaking, the noticeable improvement in the last few years? 
Would you attribute to the energy within? And how much to the opportunity outside? I mean, 
is it 50-50, 70-30, 80-20 to internal and external, what would be your... I know it's a bit of a 
random question, but I will be very keen to understand your mind because your internal energy 
of organization is something which is more durable. External opportunity, of course, has to be 
there in order to gain an upper hand, but it is still so small in terms of the size of the business 
that clearly that opportunity I think existed earlier as well. 
K. Srinivasan: 
So Bharat Bhai let me answer like this. I think quite a few investors visited our plant sometime 
in March. I do not know how many yet been there. What I would say is it is a little bit of a 
judgmental question for me to answer. I think there is the energy in houses is measured by, 
let's say, the IP creations, measured by the employee engagement scores, which is an industry 
standard today, measured by my attrition rate being single digit among the lowest industries of 
this type. So the engagement and the capabilities building that has happened is huge. So I 
would really leave it for time and judgment to see how we are able to deliver on a sustained 
basis because that's a very subjective question and difficult to answer. All I would say is there 
is opportunity out there, there is capability in how, and I think both of them work beautifully 
together. 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
Bharat Bhai, I will add one more sentence because he's sitting in front of me and I am also here 
part of this growth story of the Company. One leadership factor is also driving the Company 
from Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 1,600 crores because bringing the new product, bringing the 
manufacturing capability, driving for the new growth opportunities, sustaining all these things 
is, of course, it is a direction of intelligence. And direction of intelligence is coming from the 
leadership, both at MD level and both at the Chairman level. 
Bharat Shah: 
As I said, I know Srinivasan is a humble man. So he will not like to attribute much light to 
himself, but you have answered. Thank you. One last thing, Srinivasan. From Rs. 1600 odd 
crores that we are today and given the large size of opportunity and our desire to seize that 
opportunity and give a good account of ourselves. In 5 years' time, will we be Rs. 4,000 crore, 
Rs. 4,500 crore or Rs. 5,000 crore kind of a business? If we grow it 20%, we will be Rs. 4,000 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
crore. If we grow it 23% odd, we will be Rs. 5,000 crore. So where do you think we are likely 
to be? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Let me answer this question in 2 parts. I think this 20% year-on-year is directionally doable 
with the capability in the market opportunity. Obviously, we do not factor in inorganics too 
much because it happens as it happens and we are a value buyer. So I think while growth is an 
aspiration that we continuously work on as one of our prime objective, we will not buy growth. 
So that is one important thing that we are all inculcating in ourselves saying that we would not 
buy growth because there is a lot of opportunities which are tempting but it is not the price or it 
does not bring the capability that the Company is looking for. So let us take it modest Rs. 
4,000 crore is a good number to look at. We can go much bigger if the inorganic opportunities 
fructify. We do not talk about it, but we keep looking, which is appropriate for us. 
Bharat Shah: 
Fantastic. All the very best, anyways. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from line of Vedant Sarda from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vedant Sarda: 
Can you please just give me the components of other expenses which is at Rs. 244 crores for 
FY'24 and Rs. 301 crores at FY'25? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, please. Just give a minute. We will give you number. Because the other ones are also 
semi-variable. It varies with the volume of our business. Ramesh will give you the exact items 
that go into it. You can take it as almost semi-variable because there is a lot of things that are 
related to the volume of business. Let's say outsourcing, our labor for all our O&M 
maintenance outside, all that comes under this. But we will give you the exact. 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
But largely it is IP updation plus the maintenance cost, plus addition of the Nashik, power and 
fuel. And outsourcing is another part where it is mainly the contract costing. And of course, it 
is the maintenance of the O&M business through the contractors. It is all inclusive of this. 
Vedant Sarda: 
Okay, so it could be driving according to the volumes. 
K. Srinivasan: 
It is semi-variable. As the number of stations go up, you will see this going up. 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
When our business is growing and at the same time, our cost is also growing because it is 
completely outsourcing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Dhavan Shah from AlfAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. So my question is on the order inflow. I think in the last 
concall, you mentioned that there is some green shoots only from the refrigeration side while 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
the air and gas business are witnessing slowdown. So I think that is visible in the current 
quarter order inflow as well, which is around Rs. 300 odd crore and down by 25% odd on YoY 
basis. So I just wanted to understand what gives you the confidence that for FY'26 we can 
grow in terms of the order inflow by 20% odd? 
K. Srinivasan: 
I think we answered this, but I will repeat again. So the order inflow, we should look at it not 
just only on the quarter, because one project order booking in a quarter would change the 
number, absolute number. But the composition of the order inflow gives us the confidence of 
what out of it. Almost 300, if you look at the total order book during the year of Rs. 1,860 
crore , significant part actually got executed, which is unusual, which got executed also during 
the year, the equipment order etc. So what we do expect going forward is there will be booking 
and execution during the same year, which has been much less during the previous year. So 
that is one first thing. We do have as an overall order for the year, 23% higher booking 
compared to the previous year. There is a change in the mix between equipment and packages. 
That is a second step. Third is even as we speak, the start of the year, we are starting with a 
12% higher order bank compared to the previous year. So I think to get to about 20%, I would 
take it as let's say 12 plus 50 so 18% is a given. You are not expecting anything big when we 
say we will do at least 20% growth. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Understood, sir. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from line of Kunal Sheth from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Sheth: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir. I am sorry for this question has already been answered. Just 
wanted to check sir, we have seen meaningful improvement in margin over the last few years. 
Would it be possible to list out key reasons that has been driving this margin and what part of 
these reasons are sustainable? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So the margin growth had multiple steps. The Company's margin growth, we kept saying from 
day one that we take out decretive activities. We had transmission as some of the reason. We 
had the RoadRailer business as one of the reason. These are all being taken out. So on the 
Company side, the margin moving is driven largely by taking out the decretive activities. That 
has happened. On the positive side, we have a better product mix. We have a cost control 
coming out of in-house manufacturing, better design, better engineering etc. all that combined 
this help us. Is the market giving us better margin on the same product? No, it is a competitive 
market. But what is also happening is our ability to come up with the newer products which are 
less material intensive more, engineering intensive allows us to improve. Ramesh explained 
that our material cost for sales is down this year by about 1.1%, 1.2%. That is an indication of 
a better product mix that allows us to make better margin. So all this combined thing adds up 
to take our margins up towards. That is why I said in the beginning, we will take it 
directionally there, but we are not in a way saying that we will work only on margin and not to 
look at taking those L1 orders, we still need to take to keep the growth going. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Kunal Sheth: 
That was very useful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohan Vora from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Vora: 
Hello, so thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the number. So you already 
gave out the reason, I just missed that point. So you said that the CBG as a whole is getting 
implemented at a slower pace. So I just wanted to understand the reason for that and also 
wanted to understand the kind of competition that is there in that segment. And what is the per 
CBG plant, what is the amount of our supply that can be there at the potential level? Thank 
you. 
K. Srinivasan: 
It is a good question. We have dealt with it in an earlier call, but I will deal with it once again 
as a subject. Compressed biogas, India's stated objective is to have this generated and one 
consumed locally where it is filled into cascades. The second one is to mix it along with 
natural gas and consume it in the regular way, along with vehicle usage and other things, or 
city gas and they want to say that the compressed biogas would be mixed with natural gas to 
the extent of about 6% going up to 15% max. So that is a stated objective. We are less than 2% 
or 1% at the moment. So there is a big plan out there for compressed biogas. And it sort of 
substitutes a significant amount of gas that is currently being imported. So there are multiple 
reasons to support this. The challenges today remain that as you set up these biogas plants, 
generation of biogas is still a challenge because the bio-source is still not a very stable source 
except the red mark which is from the sugar mills, all other bio-source, urban waste, spent 
wash etc. are all sporadic, agri-waste, whole kinds of things are being tried and used. The 
generation of biogas in any many of these projects have been significantly below their 
expected plan. Consequently, the challenge is now on the gas generation. Once gas is 
generated, we can help with compressors for cleaning it either through wet scrubbing with 
membrane, whatever it is, low pressure compressors, high pressure compressors. Compressor 
technology is available proven and available with us. It is also there with a few other imported 
compressor suppliers. But that is not the challenge today. The big challenge is the generation 
of stable, significant biogas. So that is why this is not scaling up. If you ask me, will it scale up 
very quickly? It will go through again the initial 10% story. If they crack the technology of 
getting stable biogas, compressing and distribution consumption is all proven processes. Are 
we positive about it? We are hugely positive. We have all the range of products for it. We are 
happily working with all the big companies which are working on this. And we are only 
hoping and praying that as they scale up, we will grow along with them. That is a short story. 
Rohan Vora: 
And sir, just the ticket size for plant ballpark number if possible? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Sorry. So the plant size, depending on the kind of cleaning and capacity, whether it is a 5 TPR, 
10 TPR, 25 TPR, whatever they have, the packages could vary somewhere between Rs. 13 
lakhs to Rs. 2.5 crores. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
April 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Rohan Vora: 
Sure, sir. This is very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. And I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Okay, so thank you all very much for accepting to be in this call. I think on an overall basis my 
understanding is there is a bit of apprehension on the order intake. Let me assure you that is 
not the worry for us at the moment. We are quite well placed to deliver what we have 
promised. What we look ahead is to see that our execution cycles get even better with all the 
in-house manufacturing, new products hitting the market. We look forward to talking to all of 
you with a continuing good performance going forward. Thank you all very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
