 
 
  ISIN: INE0FFK01017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       Date: 30.05.2025 
 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, NSE Building, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai-400 0513 Fax: 
022-26598237, 022-26598238 
SYMBOL: NPST 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544396 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call of Analyst/Investor for the quarter and year ended              
March 31, 2025. 
 
            Respected Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provision of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings 
conference call of Analyst/ Investors for quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 which was held on May 
27, 2025. 
 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, Yours Faithfully, 
For Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Chetna Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHETNA AVINASH 
CHAWLA
Digitally signed by CHETNA 
AVINASH CHAWLA 
Date: 2025.05.30 15:42:38 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Network People Services Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DEEPAK CHAND THAKUR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SAVITA VASHIST – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – NETWORK PEOPLE 
SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIL GHANSHYANI – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Network People Services Technology 
Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani from Kirin Advisors Private 
Limited for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I would like to extend a warm welcome to everyone 
joining us for the NPST call Q4 FY '25 Conference Call. We are pleased to have us with the 
esteemed senior management, Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Ashish Aggarwal, Joint Managing Director; Ms. Savita Vashist, Executive Director.  
The call is scheduled for 40-50 minutes to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to 
participate. We kindly request that each participant limit their questions to two as this will help 
the management address as many queries as possible within the timeframe.  
If we are unable to address any questions during the call, please feel free to reach to us at 
info@kirinadvisors.com. We'll be happy to coordinate with the management team for further 
discussions. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. We look forward to an 
engaging and productive call. I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur. Over to 
you, sir. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Thank you so much. Very good evening, everyone. First of all, let me congratulate for the 
breakneck progress quarter-on-quarter your organization is going through. The decision at 
management level, guidance from Board, efforts from NPST teams, shareholders' expectations 
and adoption of several key practices has helped us rebuild the growth parameter of the 
organization after what we saw in Q3. We have closed the financial year positively with the 
upward trend. I remember either there is a win or there's a fundamental learning. Well, this 
year, we went through both. It was not an easy journey, but by the closure of the year, I can 
say that we are well prepared for the coming financial year. 
After our Q3 impact, we decided to double down on our efforts to strengthen our core values 
and also reestablish the growth curve. Like a chef, it has taken time, but we know we have 
picked up at the right direction. There are four commitments we had with the investors. And I 
think last 3, 4 months, we have been able to conclude that. One, we got listed on main board, 
both NSE and BSE. Second, we declared dividend, which is 20% on the face value. Third, we 
have set up new subsidiary in UAE to focus on the international deals. And fourth, I think it is 
related to this where people kept on asking us when are you going to a global market?  
Well, we have cracked a multimillion-dollar contract in Africa to build a digital payment 
infrastructure. So, I believe these are a few things which we have been working for a very long 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
time, and it has paid the result. In continuation to our efforts in scaling the business, we have 
increased our footprint in allied services and new segments. Like I said last time, our 
organization's entire focus is going to be derisking and diversification so that the fundamental 
core of the business is reestablished and we don't go back to the impact we had in Q3.  
So -- and also, there were a lot of suggestions which came from the investors last time, when 
to host the call and giving the business analysis straight with the numbers. So, I believe we 
have given as much information as possible. It helps you understand your organization better. 
Our quarterly growth has been about 24% Q-o-Q jump over the last Q3 results, whereas when 
it comes to yearly growth, it's almost about 36% in FY '25 as against FY '24. If you look at the 
numbers straight away, I would say that in last financial year, it was INR130 crores in revenue. 
It has gone up to about INR180 crores, which is almost about 39%, 40%-odd growth.  
And EBITDA margin, on the other hand, has gone from 35% to about 37%. Net profit again 
has not shrunk. In fact, it has gone up from 20% to about 25%. And earnings per share, we 
have given as against INR13.85 it's about INR23.27, which is about 68% jump. So that's about 
the number. There is a question about the talent pool in the organization. We thought we'll take 
it straight.  
Last year, there were about 20% addition in our talent pool. And this year, the estimated 
upward trend is going to be about 30-odd percent incremental talent along with the AI 
implementation. There were improved efforts in restructuring due to the Q3 results. And while 
we were doing that, there are a lot of effort around all the other areas of business. So, we have 
really grown well in terms of offline payments.  
We got multiple TSP wins. We got -- we declared about risk engine, AI-based risk engine last 
quarter. And today, we have three orders already even before launching it. And when it comes 
to global deal, that's something which happened yesterday, and I'm glad that we have called 
today to share this with you. 
TPaaS upgrade has taken time, the payment platform, to pick up. But in the short term, we 
have been able to sign multiple banks and about 15 payment aggregators in the platform. 
When it comes to technology partner business, I can say that today, in about last 4, 5 months 
odd with all the efforts from my sales team, we got 6 new orders worth over INR100-odd 
crores in the next 4 to 5 years.  
One of the largest deal being Central Bank of India, which is majorly because we ensured that 
we pivot into more areas of business and offline payment was one, which is about INR70-odd 
crore order in the next 5 years. And of these 6 orders, 5 orders have SaaS-based revenue, 
which means if the market grows, it has a direct impact on our business, I mean the growth 
trend straight away is visible. We have shared the growth trend for the payment platform for 
this year as well as up to the year 2029, '30, so that you can visibly see the -- what exactly we 
are targeting. 
For all the new businesses, which I mentioned, our P&L will start showing the numbers from -
- by the half yearly -- first half yearly itself in FY '26. When it comes to payment platform, like 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
I said, we signed 15-plus aggregators and large merchants. This itself will give us a GMV 
peak, which we did last year coming in the first half yearly itself. And when it comes to new 
revenue stream, like I already mentioned, RIDP, which is our risk engine over AI, our off-line 
payment business, we have already added revenue to us. And when it comes to international 
foray, we have already got a global deal, which is about setting up a digital payment 
infrastructure in one of the economies in Africa. That's what we are doing. 
When it comes to small and medium-sized banks, we decided to build our own hosted solution 
so that we can target this side of the business as well. And I'm glad to say that we got most of 
the products certified and our tap to go live in the market is much faster than what we had 
earlier. Along with this, when it comes to new product, obviously, this helps us build new 
funnel. Internet banking interoperability, which was declared in last April by RBI, we are 
already one of the POC vendors in the country.  
And then at the same time, when it comes to BBPS corporate payments, which is again a new 
initiative, we are one of the POC vendors. And ONDC on the buyer side of the business, we 
have already picked up that. Interesting piece here is we decided to conclude this in quarter 1 
itself so that we get 3 quarters entirely to add a funnel and incremental business revenue.  
That's all from my side. I think there are numbers already available and whatever maximum 
we can give as part of an analysis, we have done that. Rest I'll take up calls around whatever 
questions investors have. I think that will be good. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Shree Rama Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on turnaround in Q4. I have two questions 
basically. So first question, sir, is can you give Q4 revenue? Can you split it into transaction-
based and then the rest? That is one. And can you also give some color on how much of this 
revenue is from industries or applications where MDR is charged? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Rupesh, last quarter, most of the revenue is from TSP domain. I think transition-based revenue 
realization will happen in Q1, majorly because the way our policies has been restructured, it is 
going to happen in Q1, the entire billing. But mostly 90-odd percent is from the TSP domain. 
MDR, there is no MDR. Like I said, UPI does not have MDR. What we do essentially is we 
provide tech stack to banks and to payment aggregators. And on that, we get paid for the 
services we provide. So, it's not the MDR revenue.  
It is against the technology, like if there is a reconciliation model being used, there's a per 
transition, some paise that we get paid. If at all there is an entire infrastructure that we are 
sharing on -- for you to transact, then there is certain revenue share. So, what essentially, we 
do is as a technology service provider, we translate the entire tech cost into a small opex-based 
cost for you and then you pay me on the transaction model. That's the way it works. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
I understand the SaaS model. Sir, my question is, I mean, in the value chain, somebody has to 
charge MDR, right? And then we'll get a share of that. And credit card on UPI, there are some 
categories where MDR is charged. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, absolutely right. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So my -- so my question is next year, let's say, transaction-based revenue you get, what 
percentage of that will be where the end transaction is where the MDR will be charged? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So other than your account-based transactions, rest all has interchange income. MDR is 
charged to the merchant, there is an interchange income that goes to bank. And by virtue of 
being a technology partner in this domain, there is a percentage share of that interchange 
income which bank pays us. So, let's say -- I'll just give you an example of one of the NCMC 
prepaid business that we recently started wherein there is a 50-odd bps for the NCMC travel -- 
when you travel in a metro or somewhere, there is a cost of 50 bps, 0.50%.  
Now the MDR interchange in this case can be about -- I don't want to share my number, but 
let's say, somewhere around 50% to 60-odd percent approximately where the bank will pay 
me. Here, the banks -- what I do for the bank right from the technology to the acquisition cost 
to the entire solution domain and the entire reconciliation, everything is taken care by us. 
Against that, bank will pay me a certain interchange share. That is how it will work. 
So when it comes to credit card on UPI, there will be certain -- similar story. It's about 0.70% 
and above. And there, again, there is a revenue share. When it comes to -- so credit line has not 
picked up. So I don't want to share about it, but the number is somewhere between 0.7 to 1.2. 
And when it comes to normal transactions, there we get paid for the reconciliation and the 
overall services that we share with the customer. 
Coming back to your second part of the question, we see that we'll be peaking our GMV like 
we did last year in this half yearly result. And then -- so we see that we anticipate our payment 
platform to be going back to the same 70-odd percent revenue share this financial year, coming 
from 65% to 70%-odd from this particular business. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So the GMV composition next year you are seeing, it will be similar in terms of where you can 
charge this interchange, where you will get this interchange. I mean I don't know what was the 
-- let's say, your GMV was INR100 in, let's say, FY '24 and let's say, out of 30 -- I mean I'm 
just making up some number, out of INR30 of that is where you were eligible to get a 
intercharge, that proportion will remain same in FY '26 or that composition of GMV will 
change? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That proportion will remain same, but the ticket size will go down. The proportion will remain 
the same. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
What you're charging per transaction. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, the cost -- let's say, if your reconciliation cost is INR0.05, I may get INR0.03 or I may get 
about INR0.04, but the volume will increase. That is majorly because of the increase in 
volume happening in the market. So as and when the volume increases, this is the impact 
which happens. So I'll just give you an example with one service. So we signed a deal with 
INR0.05, then we signed a deal with INR0.04 also. So that's how it will go. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
But the realization will go down compared to FY '24? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
No. The volume will increase massively. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Per transaction realization. I understand the number of transactions will go up. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And then the final question is UPI incentive, last year, I think it was INR1,400 crores, 
INR1,500 crores. And this year's budget, financial year '23's budget is -- it has even gone down 
further to INR500 crores. And I think what basically government now is saying is the industry 
now is mature. We don't want to sort of handhold you. You guys figure out how to make 
money with such large volume.  
So how -- I mean, how do you read it into this? And which categories do you -- I mean, at least 
my expectation now is that the MDR will come in some categories, at least the large, large 
merchants, retailers like that. So, what is your view on MDR being charged in UPI transaction 
in FY '26 or FY '27? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
See, I take a lot of positive from this. There is always a backup to such kind of decisions 
whenever happens in the sense, it's -- we need to understand that if India's digital growth has 
been due to this instrument, which contributes 82% as on today to the entire digital volume in 
the country, then this instrument will definitely have a backup if the mighty incentives have 
gone down.  
So very first thing, where is the mighty incentives now applicable? It is applicable on small-
sized businesses, which is fair, and that is where we should be looking at. Second, when it 
comes to the contribution coming from the credit card in UPI ecosystem, that is ramping up. It 
has an MDR already. 
So that's where the revenue will start increasing. Third, there are a lot of new players in the 
market, beyond PhonePe, Google Pay, who are into this business, and they are doing virtual 
credit card-only model. So this, again, increases a tremendous potential around the MDR to be 
generated from the new instruments in it. Third, like you rightly said, you have to figure out.  
And we being early in this stage, I wouldn't say that there was -- I don't think there was anyone 
else to start getting into this segment than us from the technology domain. What we analyzed 
was there's a huge potential in the risk-based modelling, which is required to safeguard the 
payment ecosystem.  
And for that, we started building the risk engine way too early. The result even before we 
launch it, we have three orders in place. So this is nothing, but an output of how the maturity 
comes in the system. So there will be more and more models coming up and there will be more 
and more opportunities. And yes, MDR will hit the business, I mean, upward and that will 
come as and when the instruments start adding value to the system. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Maybe just one clarification. So some of these things you are saying, credit card and some of 
these things, this is basically already existing customers or existing merchants who are used to 
paying MDR, Credit card merchants are already paying MDR? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
No, no. I think it should... 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
The issue is in UPI -- just let me finish, sorry. The issue in UPI is there's a lot of new people 
we got to do digital payments through UPI and these people are not used to paying MDR. So 
how will that transition work? So I just want to separate the two? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
The challenge is from two things. One, it's not just the existing users, but it is also the new 
cards issued in the market and that is ramping up way fast. Second and it is virtual-only 
process. So you will see that complete shift in FY '26. Second -- so that has an impact. 
Secondly, when you say -- what was your second one, the MDR contribution, right? 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So because 90% of UPI people who are using UPI, they have never paid MDR in their life. So 
how do you make -- transition them to start paying MDR? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So I gave an example. I'm not again going back to MDR. I'm going back to interchange, which 
is a component of MDR. So now I'll just give you an example. Again, don't quote me for the 
number. I'm just giving you an idea how it works. So let's say, approximately the interchange 
is sitting at 0.90% to 1% for a credit-based transaction.  
In the UPI-based transaction, the same interchange will not be 0.0% to 1%. It can be one-third 
or lesser than that. So UPI will still be the most preferred instrument because you are paying 
one-third of the entire interchange that is payable in the ecosystem, one. Secondly, there is a 
very clear demarcation of small, medium, large merchants. 
So wherever there is a small and medium merchant, the call can be taken by the ecosystem. 
Wherever there are a large merchant, if you go to a mall or you go to a shop where you're 
spending about INR5,000, INR10,000 and you are still using QR code payment, I think 82% is 
UPI. Then in that case, the merchant does not have a problem. The problem is where you're 
transacting for INR100, you're transacting for maybe INR500 and the expectation is that you 
pay 1% over it as a cost.  
Now when you segregate the ecosystem and you understand where there is a paying capacity 
and again, the -- what you're paying is one-third of the actual cost, then UPI is the most 
preferred option. So let's see how it goes, but yes this is a very positive move in the industry. 
I'm just trying to give you an understanding of the ecosystem. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes. Thank you for very elaborate answer Deepak and I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay: 
Hello. Congratulation sir for the good turnaround in quarter 4. So my first question is, yes, so 
in financial performance is the worst behind us? And if yes, then how much revenue growth 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
are we expecting in FY '26 based on all the visibilities and all the things and new products we 
have talked about, if not for the full year, but at least for the half 1 of this financial year? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Well, I would say that Q3 was worst. It's behind us now. We have taken time. I mean, again, as 
if you really ask me the kind of effort which has gone into it, we really want to see the 
cumulative impact of all the effort which has gone, which I'm seeing coming out very soon. 
Like we have businesses coming from offline, which we did not have around Q2, Q3 coming 
in.  
We have revenue models in SaaS-based, in risk engine coming in Q3, Q4. We have payments 
coming in dollars now in quarters here onwards. So all of this will contribute to the growth. I 
would still like to -- I don't know, I would still like to avoid the number right now because we 
would like to still stay put with the growth number that we have already pushed from Q3 to 
Q4.  
But one thing I can say is that there will be a quarterly growth like the way we did it last year. 
So that's the trend that we'll be currently committing right now. And as and when we go ahead, 
the numbers will only multiply. 
Akshay: 
Sure, sir. And sir, currently, how many total banking clients do we have in our ecosystems? 
And how many are live and how many are yet to live like we had talked about the CBI, Central 
Bank of India. So is it our new customer or is it already onboarded before? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
No. So Central Bank of India is completely new customer. We got the order somewhere at the 
end of Q4, if I'm not wrong and we have done a turnaround within about less than 30 days to 
make them go live in Phase 1. So that we see the SaaS-based number coming in from Central 
Bank of India from Q1 itself.  
So that's the -- that's about CBI. It has gone live. And the execution is still going on. And we 
see that the impact coming in quarter-on-quarter as and when the number of merchants grow in 
the model. Similar and to your first question, we have more than 22-plus banks and payment, 
prepaid instruments as PPI holders right now, both are regulated entities in various models.  
We have added nothing less than 7 or 8 or -- I think 6 or 7 clients in a short time. When it 
comes to payment platform, we had just 1. We are now in 3. And when it comes to 
aggregators, these are all like 15-odd aggregators now signed for the deal.  
Akshay: 
Okay. And my last question is on the South Africa deal. So if you can put some color on that 
as to how -- what service -- what type of service do we provide, and you said that it is a 
multimillion dollar deal. So the revenue from the same will start accruing from this quarter or 
when? So can you put some light on that? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So it's not South Africa. It is in Africa. We cannot disclose the country as per certain 
agreements. And so the execution has already started this quarter. We are expecting this is 
going to be 7, 8 months execution period, but the revenue will start hitting from Q1 itself and 
because there are milestone-based payments. This is about 36 plus 7 years contract for us. 
What is a bigger advantage for us is this is the first of its technology in Africa, which we 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
believe will be a big jump for us in the entire African continent. So this is a multiyear contract 
now. 
Akshay: 
Right, sir. sure, sir. And sir, small suggestion from my side is that if you -- if this type of large 
deal happens in our company, then you might -- you can share these details to all the investors 
so that we can get better idea about it. That was from my side. All the best for FY26 and thank 
you so much for answering my questions. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Thank you so much, Akshay, I would like to share something here. There was a slight 
discussion around because we signed deal. So although we started earlier, we got it in our 
hand, the signed document we got it in our hand yesterday. And as per certain policy 
guidelines, it was supposed to go today.  
And we decided to -- there are a lot of things happening together. So I left it to my team to 
make a decision around it, but yes, your point is taken. We'll do it the way you are expecting. 
Akshay: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Sharma, an Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
My question is could you please explain how the AI machine learning powered RegTech 
solution performed in Q4 in terms of client traction, use cases and monetization potential? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Abhishek, like I said in Q4, we declared that we have completed our testing, and we have 
trained the module with about 640 million data. So that -- to bring this up, we have taken about 
1.5, 2 years of effort because any AI engine needs a lot of accuracy and confidence to predict. 
We are not in a model wherein we are writing a rule engine, if it breaches and then it gives the 
results.  
We are in a system. What we have built is it predicts anything beyond the rule also. So for that, 
it took about 1.5 years, 2 years. Last quarter, we decided to finally do the COC and this quarter 
we have actually got the output. We have already -- so existing customers wherever we go. So 
it solves their regulatory problem in such a way that most of them have said yes and we have 
three already in our hand. 
What it does is it evaluates the entire merchant information. It picks up the information from 
the market and then it also picks up the transaction nature and behavior. Basis that it tells you 
where exactly the challenge can be, what is the trust score on a particular transaction and what 
is the trust score on a particular merchant, basis which you can start taking a decision.  
We have further gone to a level wherein it can predict the liability amount a bank can sit on for 
a particular merchant, if at all, not addressed on time. So that's the evolution the system is 
going through. That's why even though we have this in our hand three orders, we decided that 
there will be a massive launch in Q2-odd. And then we will see numbers coming in from Q3, 
Q4. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Abhishek Sharma: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is what progress was made in Q4 on the pilot projects such as 
BBPS switch and credit line on UPI? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So credit on UPI there is not much progress because it's taking its own -- the industry is taking 
its own time. So as and when it progresses, we'll work on it. When it comes to BBPS, we have 
additional orders. I think we have got two new orders from the customers. And at the same 
time, it has added a very strong funnel to the company.  
Further, we have also gone into the BBPS corporate payment model, which is a separate 
engine altogether. So we have also added BBPS agent institute model, which further allows us 
to get into the new segment. So that's from the product side and the business side. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harish Kumar Gupta from Nirmal Bang 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: 
Sir last time you were saying that in last quarter the issue with the client, so in last quarter you 
have mentioned that this issue is resolved and we have only lost a revenue of 1 month. So 
somebody has asked the question to you that in that second quarter revenue can we do in 
fourth quarter. So you have said that it might be, but there is a very big gap. So I think there is 
some things missing. So can you explain a bit? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, sir. I'll explain that. I have told clearly that whatever challenge we faced in Q3 to address 
them we have to go to MultiBank model and we have to do it immediately and it is not like 
overnight it is not possible in one or two months it has taken a time. I think the call happened 
somewhere in the month of February, mid-February or somewhere around that. 
That time also we have said that we have just addressed it, we have got the approval in 
somewhere end of January and we are going to revamp it. So we have not talked about one 
month. We have said that our one last is bad. Next quarter we are going to pick it up, which 
was the quarter that we were sitting on.  
So there is a little bit gap in that, but like I said there is a time in that to rebuild and change the 
model to make it new. Finally we have added revenues in other areas. So that nothing gets -- 
we have a consistent growth in the organization, which was missing in Q3.  
Apart from that we have been asked that same revenue which is of Q2, are you anticipating 
that or you still you are looking at that 50% odd growth in financial year? I said we are sitting 
here right now in mid-February. And I feel that our aspiration is there, but it is very difficult 
due to the time which is left right now. So like I said, it is all the fundamental value that we are 
pushing at, but it has taken a little time, but I never said one month revenue impact, but I have 
said with the all the milestones numbers. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. Best revenue which is of each quarter is INR28 crores so are you confident 
that 10% quarter-on-quarter growth we can continue on from here? 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I think the only dip which happened in Q3. Apart from that no quarter is there which has 
reached to 10% minimum it is above that. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: 
In quarter-on-quarter some exceptional growth is there. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
In this quarter if you will see there is a 20% growth, before it was 15%. We are trying to do 
that only, but again I said that don't put numbers in my mouth because we have added multiple 
revenue streams in the company. So we will definitely give you good results, don't worry, sir. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vinodchandra Agrawal, an Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
So I have -- the first question is like what would be our total number of employees we have? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I think about 330 maybe 335 something like that. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. The second question is about -- I would like to understand about this market size, 
estimated market size for each of the products which you have presented. I believe that is only 
the Indian market size? Or is it a global market size you have presented? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
You're referring to my presentation which I have shared today? 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Yes, yes, the last quarter and this quarter as well. So for example, let's say, if I take RegTech, 
which is a Risk Intelligence platform, right, we have a $2 billion market size. So is it in an 
Indian market size, like, $2 billion? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Indian. That's our calculation of the products. RegTech is a much larger ecosystem. This is 
very new. Now everyone will do their innovations in this and there will be people who will be 
building their modules. We have already built certain modules, which according to our 
calculation, like what kind of revenue we are expecting, what is the total transaction volume in 
the country and where exactly it can cater? 
 
So basis the module that we have developed right now, there is a $2 billion market size. Now it 
can be -- as and when the module multiplies and the market evolves, it can go beyond that 
also. So there will be more and more innovations, new things will added. There will be new 
regulatory compliances that will come into picture. So as and when that happens, the market 
size can only increase, it will not decrease. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. And in that additional question is like I see the segments which caters this risk and 
intelligence platform, that is banks, CA’s and regulators that I can understand, but I don't 
understand like what is the merchant? Is it the merchant also requires Risk Intelligence -- 
because generally, merchants is something who pays the MDR or some charges to the banks, 
right? So do they require the risk intelligence platform? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Assume there are utility companies. Assume there are companies who are doing more than 2 to 
3 payment aggregators taken together. That's the transition volume they do. So -- and then 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
there are companies who face the payment challenges day in and out, impact hotels or 
companies. 
 
So there is always a potential there. So what happen in merchant, there will be certain 
categories. Let's say, there may be hospitals. There may be hospitality industry, where there 
can be fraud chargebacks. There can be -- there are a lot of businesses which have gone 
complete online. 
 
There is no offline nature at all. For such businesses, how do you justify that goods were 
delivered or the payment transactions were made on time, the refunds were done on time. 
There is no fraud, like he took goods and services and raised the chargeback that I didn't get it. 
And what are you going to do that case? 
 
So there are a lot of impacts there. So our focus right now is banking ecosystem and 
aggregators and PPIs. These are all regulated entities. And then this will pivot into the 
merchant problem understanding, which is the next step. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. Understood. And one more question about like last quarter, like you presented that we 
have also won the contract for the Middle East, some technology services, right? So if you can 
just give some more insight like what kind of a contract? Is it like something… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Service-based contract. So ideally, what happens is when you want to enter a new market like 
what we did in Africa for last 1, 1.5 years, we have been consistently nurturing this particular 
account. So wait for a quarter more, we'll share more information. 
 
So what happens is your nature of product and the solution that you have built in India may not 
be accepted or may not be feasible to be sold exactly as is in those markets. The geography is 
different there. Regulation is different. And we are building a solution for the regulated 
ecosystems. 
 
So in that case, you are supposed to venture into certain service-based model and then start 
building the product stack and then get into IPR. So this was a service-based business where 
we started building the stack and then it will evolve. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. So work has already started. Is that you're saying? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, yes. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. And just last one question is about like generally, like right now, we claim like 7%, 8% 
of the transactions -- of the UPI transactions that is what our market share we have, right? So 
in a similar way, do we expect like in this -- all the categories, we will have a similar kind of a 
market share? Or is it something we expect lower or higher kind of that market share in all of 
these products? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Got it. So when I say 7%, 8% market share that means that's the total transaction we are 
processing in our technology partner domain. It is not related to the payment platform, which I 
just discussed with the first call. That's a different size altogether. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
So as and when we grow that size, for sure, that means we are increasing the contract value, 
and we are increasing the contract with the number of banks. That's why today, whatever I've 
shared, I've shared that we decided to get into a hosted solution so that we cater to more and 
more banks in the system. 
 
Like BBPS we have launched, we want it to go on a hosted model as well, why just UPI? So 
that's how we study the overall requirement. Second, like I said, if there is a first mover, the 
market share has to be higher. If you are a late entrant, then market share will be lesser. 
 
So like we anticipate that RegTech will give us larger market share in its segment. I'm not 
expecting a huge number. But yes, it will not be like 7%-odd because UPI, we were very late 
entrant. We are almost 5 years after our large competitors who are in market as an 
organization, we went there after 5 years. 
 
So again, there will be a market share benchmarking for every product that we go. Wherever 
we get a first entry, wherever we have some better understanding, our share will be larger. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. Understood. And one last question is about like this market size, when we say $2 
billion, right, annual market size, is it like only for our type of service provider, right, not for 
the entire ecosystem? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, for our type of service provider. 
Vinodchandra Agrawal: 
Okay. So basically, we are saying like this $2 billion that is annually and if we just even say, 
let's say, 5%, 7% market share, it turns out in a good amount of revenue. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, that's the journey. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Yash from CD Integrated Services Limited. 
Yash: 
I'm from Shaan Patel Asset Management. I was continuous tracking your company. So my 
question is, will our Y-o-Y growth in H1 in terms of number will be grown as we have seen in 
the last 2 quarters, there is a massive decline in Y-o-Y? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, Y-o-Y growth you will see now, this year. 
Yash: 
From now onwards, you can see… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Okay. You're referring to quarterly number Y-o-Y. 
Yash: 
Yes, sir. Like in Q1, so the growth was INR58 crores. So are we projecting that we will beat 
that estimate or we need to see sequentially? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I can definitely look at a higher number coming in from Q1, Q2. But to be honest, if you 
benchmark it with the -- no, not exactly. So if you benchmark it with the highest number ever 
achieved by the company in those 2 quarters, I believe that the role is definitely going there 
only, if that's the direction. But I don't want to talk about that in numbers. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Yash: 
Okay, sir. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, there will be a growth but… 
Yash: 
This year H1 number, like, if you can give some guidance? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I committed there is a quarter-on- quarter growth  
Yash: 
Sorry? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I said I have committed quarter-on-quarter growth to you, I've committed annual growth also, 
half yearly growth also, but benchmarking it certain number -- is something that, let the results 
-- as and when the results come, we can do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office. 
Ashish Soni: 
This talent pool growth of 30%, so where exactly will this be deployed? Is it for product 
development? Or is it for the Africa project? Or where exactly, can you throw some light on 
that? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
We have a major requirement around the tech and the product domain, because if you see what 
we have shared, there are 4 new product launches that we are doing in Q1 itself, we are going 
globally. For us to execute so many -- and then there are 6 wins. So for us to execute, there is a 
need for the tech and the product team. 
 
So I feel that about 60%-odd, 60%, 65% or maybe more will be the tech and product domain. I 
think about 30%-odd of that, maybe 10%, 15% will be around sales. As and when we expand 
in new product and new territory, there needs to be more and more domain expert to sell the 
solution. So there will be sales and the rest will be the operations and the other areas. 
Ashish Soni: 
And regarding this Africa project, so is it only -- do we expect or are we in negotiation or 
discussion for other geographies for similar projects? Or is it like one-off? What's your sense 
based on the win? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
We are in discussion with multiple partners, because we decided to go with the partner model, 
channel partner model. We want to play a specific role around OEM so that the IPR and those 
kind of quality ownership is with us. And that is where we decided to focus on the solutions 
alone. 
 
We will not be focusing a lot around the service-based revenue, which is where the channel 
partner locally will help. And on the product and the core tech side, we'll be playing the role. 
So we have about 3 to 4 channel partners with whom we are working day in and out. 
Ashish Soni: 
So this global expansion will be -- like this is partner-led and your own products, do you think 
it will come… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Our own product line. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Ashish Soni: 
So one is like service-based to get an entry and then selling your product. Is that the strategy, if 
I read correctly? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes. You build -- so what happens is you -- based on the product requirement of the local 
market, which, let's say, your product may be just about 40%, 50% there, so on the service-
based model, you revise the entire platform. It takes time. And once that is done, the product 
fitment is identified. And then you are the product owner and the local channel partner is your 
service provider. 
Ashish Soni: 
Okay. And just one request, in AGM, can you come up with your strategy road map for next 2, 
3 years, at least what's your thought process? Because I know you are giving some, but at least 
annually because I think you guided earlier, I think 1 or 2 quarters back that you'll try to give a 
yearly guidance sort of thing. So if you can come with that by AGM, that will help all the 
investors. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes. I will definitely note that and let me work out on that. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gopi P an Investor. 
Gopi P.: 
Congrats for the good set of numbers. I have one specific question around what happened in 
Q3. So there is one event happened and we lost revenue of Q3. That's clear for me from the 
UPI transaction side. That means in the Q3, whoever was depending on us for payments 
through this UPI flow, can I assume that they all got impacted and that's why they have shifted 
to some other player? 
 
Because when I compare Q4 of last year and Q4 of this year, there's still lot of gap, right, 
INR46 crores versus INR24 crores, INR25 crores. So we didn't regain that revenue. So is it 
because those customers moved to somebody else? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So let me tell you there was a 3-pronged strategy. One is obviously, we took guidance from 
our Board and all the guys that has been working with us. One is de-risking the entire existing 
model. See, our core is where the revenue comes in, and we believe that's a fundamentally very 
strong value proposition. That's why we have grown that well. 
 
So de-risking for that, it was required to first re-establish the payment flows and the overall 
tech stack with the multiple banks. Now see, it's a regulated segment, right? It cannot be 
overnight changed. Earlier, we did not know how long it will take. Later on, when we got to 
know -- we got on to it, I don't think there were holidays at all. 
 
And then whatever time we have taken, we have been able to re-establish that. But not 
stopping there, it was important to diversify the allied services and the similar payment model. 
Like if you're in online business, then why you are not on offline. 
 
So let us do the offline as well. If you're in BBPS, then why you are not ONDC. If you're on 
payment stack, why you are not on RegTech. So all that taken together, we have further 
diversified. So if you see 2 slides, we committed that derisking and diversification, whatever 
we have shared, we have been able to achieve that. So model-wise, we have built that. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Third is, obviously, for a good number of time, investors have been asking us, why don't you 
go global? And then I am keep on saying and there is a fitment, there are a lot of efforts which 
is required. Don't expect us to happen so quickly. But it was all due respect, whatever efforts 
we did, we could not project that it will come early and it has come. 
So what happens in global market, your margin is better, your market expansion is larger, you 
have more area to work on so that if at all, there is any debt or any issue. And you have other 
businesses that you have built to ensure that goes into building the stronger and larger revenue 
model the organization should have. So that's the major way to handle it. And that's what... 
Gopi P.: 
So I have understood how we have solved it. That part is clear to me. I understood how we are 
ensuring this doesn't repeat. I'm just trying to visualize the stickiness of our products. So when 
some issue happened in Q3, can I assume the customers who are using us shifted to 
somewhere else because they need to know whether we are able to enable it or not. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Agreed. 
Gopi P.: 
So they would have shifted to somewhere else. And can I assume that it takes time to bring 
them back? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, it does. That's the reason why our Q4 number otherwise would have been much larger. 
We have taken that time to be -- that's why. Otherwise, it was like one side is you have banks, 
other side is you have to re-establish, retest, redo everything. 
Gopi P.: 
So the peak of, let's say, last year, whichever quarter we had the peak, it's because of, let's say, 
-- I'm assuming majorly because of the huge transaction we have enabled through API. So 
when we get these customers back, ideally, the peak should come back in this year, right? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, yes. Absolutely. 
Gopi P.: 
Got it. But we don't want to commit the numbers, I'm assuming? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes. 
Gopi P.: 
Got it. 
Deepak Thakur: 
I mean, see, it's all positive. It's going upward. But what I've seen is that we really want to put 
those good numbers in place and bring it back. So if I would have committed anything overly 
in Q4, then it would have had -- even after 20% growth, I don't think it would have taken it -- 
anyone would have taken it right. So that's why. 
There is a very strong process which has been built. I think you should focus on those kind of 
fundamentals which the organization has. Probably earlier, no one was looking into it. Today, 
it's all there. It's right there. So you can pick up from there, and it is easier to then anticipate 
whether we are taking the right decisions. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Gopi P.: 
Yes, yes. That is very clear. I'm also very excited from the product pipeline that I've seen. And 
also, I think we have taken all the steps to ensure that future is very bright and we never have 
the situation. So thanks for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nishant from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Nishant: 
Yes, hi. I just had one question, which is already answered, like basically regarding the 
guidance, which you have not given. So we'll wait for Q1 and see if we can get some guidance. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Sure, Nishant. 
Nishant: 
Thank you. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shrinivas from PIA. Please go ahead. 
Shrinivas: 
Hi, Deepak. Great set of numbers. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Thanks, Shrinivas. 
Shrinivas: 
My question is about BBPS B2B, you said it is a fast emerging space and targeting 2.5 billion 
market share there. Could you share what is your go-to-market strategy? Like how many 
builders or merchants are onboarded or in funnel? Similarly, you're saying ONDC platform is 
another 10 billion market opportunity. So how many merchants or banks are in discussion? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So BBPS B2B, I think we have -- we will be completing -- we'll be completing this in Q1 by 
30th June, which I have mentioned in one of my slides. I see that this is absolutely new. So 
whatever offline market we have in India, that is the entire set of targets that we have. We 
intend to continue exploring the opportunity from the partners that we have. It may be our 
payment aggregators, it may be the cooperative banks, the CBS vendors, all those whom we 
have tied up. So the funnel will come from these places. There will be revenue which will be 
generated based on the overall transactions in voice process and the amount settled in the 
BBPS corporate payment. 
Second is when it comes to ONDC, we have picked up the Financial Services segment, which 
has mutual fund, which has your insurance. And then we have personal loan as well. Now 
availability of financial services on this segment allows us to generate revenue and does a 
direct market entry. For this, for sure, we have a couple of banks where we are going 
aggressively. And then NBFCs, fintech, these are all guys, I think we have mentioned that as 
well, these are all guys who will be direct customers. 
So yes, that's the overall growth plan in the ONDC space, because we are just focusing on 
buyer app. We don't want to right now jump into supplier. That's a little bit tedious. In the 
buyer app, because we are in this space, wherein we have access to merchant ecosystem, this 
allows us easier entry. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Shrinivas: 
Okay. My next question is about a technical question. How do you manage core banking 
integrations for the small banks or hosted or hosted model for these cooperative banks? 
Because most of these banks are having legacy systems without any API side? 
Deepak Thakur: 
We have a middleware, ISO to XML, which clearly -- so your entire legacy is ISO, I guess, 
and then your new age digital payments work on XML. So we have our IP -- our own IP, 
which has been built to ensure that such legacy system has no impact. So it may be JSON, it 
may be any format, we can get the converter in place. 
Shrinivas: 
Something like SDK you are doing, is it? 
Deepak Thakur: 
In fact we are -- SDK, it's a middleware. So let's say you are communicating from a CBS to 
my system on an ISO. So CBS has an ISO, okay? Let's say, top 3 are your Oracle, Infosys and 
your -- which is third one, TCS, banks, PAGS, Flexcube and which is Infosys one I forgot that 
name, Finacle, okay? So majorly, you'll have ISO-based message transmission from these guys 
because that's the model in which it was built. 
Now your digital payments are on XML. So between CBS and my digital payment switch, 
there will reside a middleware. This middleware ensures that the communication between 2 
systems is rightly exchanged. So we have done integration with all these 3 names, which I 
have mentioned. So we have ready middleware. So tomorrow, if there is any bank which has 
either of these core banking solutions, so we know what kind of processing needs to be done. 
So it's all because we have been in this space for quite a long time now. 
Shrinivas: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hardik Gandhi from HPMG Shares & 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Hello, Sir. Am I audible? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, yes. Tell me. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Yes. So just wanted to know, I'm really happy the change in tone from Q1 to Q4 and 
congratulations on the new product launch. For someone who does not have that… 
Deepak Thakur: 
Your voice is breaking. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Can you hear me now? Can you confirm if my voice, if my network… 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, I can hear you. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Can you hear me? Or is the voice breaking? This is better. Yes. So I was just saying that 
congratulations on the amazing product line and the change in tone from Q3 to Q4. Just 
wanted to know for someone who does not understand your products that well, for me to gauge 
the factors which pivot your company towards a good direction and a bad one. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
So just wanted some guidance from you on the -- for a layman basis that what things do you 
want to happen and what things will be which you don't want to happen, kind of a short 
analysis. But like opportunities and threats so that in case if going forward, we see some trend 
happening, we can directly relate to the company and the future performance, if that makes 
sense? Sorry. 
Deepak Thakur: 
How do I -- so let me try to answer this. So very first thing, if there was a single line of trend, 
then we would have been in Q3. I mean that's what we did in Q2, right? So we don't want to be 
sitting on those kind of trends. What we try to do is we try to give more clarity to our 
investors, as in what is the segment that we are targeting and what is the size of that segment. 
So it helps you understand whether that particular segment is growing or not. 
So when you go ahead, you do a study, you'll come to know that, okay, what is that RBI is 
declaring in their vision for the next 3 years in payments? And that particular vision make 
certain digital payment growth story. This is going on for a decade now. So we gave you an 
idea about what is the number, which is -- what is the trend that is going on in the market. 
Now if I tell you about the online payments, you have the number. If I tell you that I'm getting 
into offline payments, you'll easily get the number around that also, how many offline 
merchants have been digitized in this country. If I tell you about RegTech, I think that's a 
niche. You'll have to rely on the number that we have said based on the information. But you 
can look at the fraud, which is increasing in India. Maybe that will give you an analysis. If the 
fraud has increased by twice, that means the market size also increased by twice. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Correct. So on the RegTech -- sorry to cut you. But on the RegTech, is it more related to 
cybersecurity? Or is it very much related to transaction fraud? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Transaction frauds. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay. And just to understand more about the product line, how -- like given all the 
products we have, how difficult or easy would it be for someone to replicate that and to 
develop the relations which you have developed with the customers, given that there are so 
many new product launches and we've been in the market for some time? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So customers we have right now, I mean, there are customers who are with us for a decade 
now. I mean there are customers who have recently joined us and then started with one product 
and multiplied with multiple products. I mean we have more than 2, 3 products per customer. 
So I would say that, yes, it is not very difficult to build the product. What's important is what 
value-added services or what kind of expertise you add to the solution? 
I mean it's not about just building a processing engine or an API. It's about what makes sure 
that the API works and what makes sure that all the compliances and all the other areas are 
rightly taken care. So I would say that being an SME in this segment creates a lot of value add, 
which allows us to visualize what next. So that's something that enough to diverge. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
So it would be correct for me to assume that in future, you want to be one of few rather than 
one of many? 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited
 
 
May 27, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes. We would like to be the innovator and we would like to be setting the trend. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
But just -- sorry, sorry to contradict on this part that given that you want to be the innovator, do 
you think a lot of your money, time and resources will go into innovating something which 
might end up just changing because of the regulatory change or rather than following 
something established? Sorry, just putting a... 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes. So you should know this that we just don't pick up like in any -- left right. There has to be 
a need. There has to be a very strong calling for it. RegTech was not something which just 
picked up. We got to know the kind of frauds happening. We have the data points. We know 
what is happening in the industry with our customers. So there has to be a need to innovate 
something. 
So we just -- we are not like suddenly, we do something else. There was a discussion around 
Internet bank interoperability somewhere in April when the ex-governor of RBI, Mr. 
Shaktikanta Das declared that this piece is missing. So we decided to stay put on it. And 
whenever there is an opportunity to get into it. So we ensured we invest into it, because once 
that happens, it becomes a compliance requirement for any bank. So we invest in such pieces. 
So yes, the decision is purely based on the need, and we have a right guidance from Board 
coming in for what kind of R&D budget we should have and what kind of new product 
investment we should be doing. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
Understood, understood. Thank you for the elaborate answer. All the best for the future. Thank 
you so much. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer session. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani from Kirin Advisors Private Limited 
for closing comments. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of NPST Limited. If you have 
any queries, you can write us at info@kirinadvisors.com. And once more, thank you, 
management. Thank you, participants, and thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
