 
 
 
Ref: IIL/SE/2025/0306/01 
Dated: June 03, 2025 
 
The Manager 
 
Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited  
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
 
Scrip Code: 532851 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
(Through NEAPS) 
 
Symbol: INSECTICID 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call – Q4 & FY 2025 held in connection with the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 
31, 2025, on May 28, 2025, is enclosed and is also available on the website of the Company and 
can be accessed on the following link: https://www.insecticidesindia.com/investors-desk/ 
 
This is for information & record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Truly, 
For Insecticides (India) Limited 
 
 
 
(Sandeep Kumar) 
Company Secretary & CCO 
 
Encl: As above 
 
SANDEE
P KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
SANDEEP KUMAR 
Date: 2025.06.03 
11:48:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Insecticides India Limited Q4 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH KUMAR AGGARWAL - MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP AGGARWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. DUSHYANT SOOD - CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER, 
INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MASOOM RATERIA - MUFG 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Insecticides India Limited Q4 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Masoom Rateria. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Masoom Rateria: 
Thank you and welcome to Q4 FY'25 Earnings Con-Call of Insecticides India Limited. Today 
on this call we have with us Mr. Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal – the Managing Director; Mr. Sandeep 
Aggarwal – the Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Dushyant Sood – the Chief Marketing Officer. 
Before we proceed the call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that this conference may 
contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on date. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Q4 & Full Year FY'25 Earnings 
Call of Insecticides India Limited. Thanks for taking the active interest in IIL and your 
participation today. I am joined with CFO, Mr. Sandeep Aggarwal and CMO, Mr. Dushyant 
Sood. 
So let me start with the industry outlook: 
There is a very positive sentiment across the industry. There was a good monsoon prediction, 
and we have seen the good pre-monsoon showers that has covered the entire country at large. 
All the catchment areas are receiving good rains. The crop sowing is expected to start a little 
early in the early part of June itself. Farmer has made good earning in the field crops in particular 
in the rabi season because the crop condition was good and prices of most of the field crop was 
quite good. The raw material prices of the industry are stable and overall I can say that there is 
the signals of the global tailwinds and we expect this to continue in fiscal 2026 also. 
Now let me talk about IIL: 
We had very good launches during the year. The highest number of launches, almost 12 launches 
were done in the fiscal '25. Out of these 12 launches, 4  products I am able to shift to  Focused 
Maharatna this year. The total number of Focused Maharatna till last year were 12, which has 
been increased to 16. And I can say that there is a very good acceptance of the products we take 
to the market last year. The farmers are generally very happy. The trade is happy, and I expect 
the good growth from these products. This year we did not wait for the season. Whenever we 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
got the registration, we launched the products. I can say it was a trial launch. That's why the 
number achieved in the last year was not very big. But this year, as I have suggested, that four 
products are moving to focused Maharatna and rest of the Maharatna also will be doing a good 
performance. So, we can anticipate that this quarter, these products are going to support us well 
in our growth strategy. 
For the year 2026 also the number of launches are big. There are almost half a dozen products 
which are lined up for launches. So recently in this week I've launched a product called Altair 
which comes from the table of Nissan, which is the seventh product in the list of Nissan, which 
is coming to Insecticides  India directly from Nissan and today we can say that Nissan is the 
most important Japanese partner for Insecticide India and plays a very important role in our 
patented product portfolio or I can say the value added portfolio or the premium product 
portfolio. So, this is going to be a herbicide for rice, again patented, very interesting product. 
And in the recent past with our launches, Insecticide India has developed a good, I would say, 
on the herbicide segment, for almost all the major crops in the country, we have got the specialty 
herbicide, and they are doing very well across the country. May it be rice, soyabean, pulses, 
maize, cotton, wheat, sugarcane. We have got the solutions, and they are number one solutions 
in their segments. 
I talk about the major herbicides which are doing good for IIL, they are looks like Hachiman, 
Torry, Torry Super which is a recent launch, Terrox, Green Label, Green Mix, Green Expert, 
Stroke. Again, it was relaunched by making the technicals in-house. So in this, Terrox came out 
of our own technical. Torry and Torry Super, Torry Super, which was a recent launch, again 
came out of our own technical. Stroke came out of own old technical which was relaunched, 
Million came out of our own technical. So lot of development is taking place for AI 
manufacturing also and which takes these products to be FM segment and we are very, confident 
that we'll be able to make them big. 
Talking about our presence across the country: 
I can say that today IIL is present across throughout the length and breadth of the country, across 
all crop segments, and we have the solutions for every crop for every season, which makes us 
more buoyant that we are present across and selling throughout the year. So the 60% business 
comes in the first half of the year. So that is going to remain like that. But you can see that in Q4 
we have posted a decent increase in our topline as well as the bottomline. And I believe that this 
type of feature will continue in the future. 
Talking about the Dahej plant: 
There is a good news. We had made an investment of about Rs. 150 crores in this plant. And 
now this plant has received the in-principle approval from the government, which means that in 
the month of June, we will start our production. The plant is going to commence in the 
production. So there will be lot of new products which will be started in this plant and there will 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
be some expansion of the capacity because the new plant will be used majorly for manufacturing 
of insecticide, fungicide and their intermediate and the old facility we are going to enhance our 
capacity and some new of herbicides and their intermediates and also some new herbicides will 
be launched from the older plant which means that we are going to divide the herbicides and the 
insecticide area in totality in Dahej plant. In this fiscal because the enhancement in the power 
connection is also expected, which should come in another two months. So we come into 
production and this year this plant is going to contribute roughly about Rs. 100 crores this 
expansion with a CAGR of more than 50% in next 3 to 4 years because the expectation is very 
big and our hope from this new expansion is quite big and we'll be launching many new products 
and increasing our capacity for many products from this new expansion. Here I would also like 
to talk about our expansion budgets, which for this year we have kept at around Rs. 100 crores 
FY'26. A major investment is going to go to Sotanala, which is going to be a fully automatic 
plant. And it will boost the momentum. The most part of the Rs. 100 crore expenses is going to 
go to Sotanala. There will be some maintenance CAPEX which will be used across our plants. 
But yes, the major part will be this. 
Today I would also like to talk about the inventory because on 31st of March you would have 
seen the increase in inventory in the system. So that's the part of the strategic move because if 
we look at the current scenario, the monsoon predictions were quite good and the preparedness 
for the new season was quite needed. We had very aggressive launches in the year '25 and we 
have very aggressive launches in '26. There were a lot of new brands which are to be introduced 
into our market. We have to build up the inventory in the month of March, which will finish 
very soon by June-July. You will see a big impact because these are the months of selling and 
we are fully prepared to take on the market. So the most important thing which I would like to 
talk today is that we are working on effective implementation of things all across the 
organization. So, we are working on inventory control. We are working on working capital. We 
are again working on the expansion and projects and to finish off these things timely. The 
outlook from the trade is very, very positive. IIL shall always beat the market. We shall continue 
with our double-digit growth strategy with the topline growth coming majorly from Maharatnas 
which will mean that the bottomline will increase better than the top. 
With this I hand over the call to the CFO, Mr. Sandeep Aggarwal to explain the results. 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome. 
So, the major financial highlights of these results are: 
There is strong revenue growth of around 32% registered during the 4th Quarter of FY'25. And 
the major with a very good margin improvement also. The major growth has come from our 
premium products. The major products in which we register the growth are Shinwa, Izuki, 
Mission, Mycoraja, and some new launches. And gross profit margin in FY'25 also stood at 
32%, which is showing improvement of 655 bps over the last year. So, this is due to the better 
product mix sales, improved pricing strategy on which we are working and some new launches. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
So, they all combined contributed to the improvement in the gross margins. So, EBITDA margin 
for FY'25 also improved by 281 bps due to the result of our aggressive market campaigning and 
field promotions to support the launches of the new product in the market. The return on capital 
employed and return on equity is also improved in FY'25. So, the ROCE is 18% and ROE is 
13% respectively during the year. If you will see the results some working. So, if you will see 
the full year revenue growth, it is around 2% and quarter-on-quarter revenue growth is around 
32%. 
B2C premium product versus generic, if you see during the full year, premium products has 
increased from 59% to 61% in overall B2C sales. And during the quarter, it has come down from 
52% to 51%. And you will see the sales by segment. So, the basic improvement is there in B2C 
sales segment, which has increased from 69% to 75%. And the corresponding decrease has come 
in B2B sales. From 26%, it has come to 20% for overall year. Whereas during the quarter, the 
B2C sales has come down from 62% to 59%. And B2B sales has increased from 24% to 27%. 
We will see the margins. The gross profit for the full year has improved by 28% and the gross 
profit for the quarter has been increased by 51%. So, the EBITDA margin also improved by 36% 
for the full year. So, from 8.3% it has come into the double-digit figure of around 11.1%. And 
EBITDA level for the quarter has also improved by 226%. From 3.2% it has come improved to 
7.9%. 
We will see the PAT. So full year PAT has also improved by 39%. From 5%, it has come to 7%. 
And during the quarter, it has improved by 85% from 2.8% to 3.9%. 
So these are the basic financial highlights. So now we can move on the session for question and 
answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Hi Rajesh ji and Sandeep ji. First of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers. I have a 
couple of questions. First, can you just brief us about the volume growth which we have 
witnessed during the Quarter 4 and for the full year as well? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: So, in the full year, the volume growth has been roughly about 10%. The average price decline 
during the year is around 8%. So, the total growth in terms of numbers is showing about 2%. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And sir for the quarter passed? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Quarter I have not checked myself, but quarter slides we are showing a decrease of 32%. So, 
you can increase that so roughly volume growth will be around 40% odd. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. So, is primarily driven by the pre-set or the early onset of the monsoon or like, can you 
just brief us about the good amount of growth which we have witnessed during the quarter? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Quarter is not very important actually. Quarter is just need to follow because there were certain 
launches actually had come in in the last year itselfSo, in the B2B segment, we should push some 
Stroke quantity and some other products were placed easy in advance. So generally we don't do 
that very much. But it seems we could manage to get some parts on every segment like B2C, 
B2B and also on exports. So, everything contributed and it was positive. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. Sir secondly, with respect to the recently launched product, Paddy Herbicide. So, can you 
just brief us about the estimated market size of this product, and does it compliment Green Label, 
which is our existing product in the Paddy Herbicide category? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Yes, these are all complimentary products actually because this is a (inaudiable) as we said we 
___immediately after ____. I can add every type of solution at different price ranges because 
some of the generic solutions which we have are Rs. 300 to Rs. 400 per acre range-There are 
some specialty solutions that go up to Rs. 600-Rs. 700 per acre . This is going to be expensive 
product particularly for the farmers where the weed intensity is very high and after using those 
generic solutions or even the new generic solutions, they are forced to use the labor also because 
of that high density of weeds and the variety of weeds which are not controlled by the generic 
products. So there we are spending about Rs. 4,000 to Rs. 5,000 on the manpower per acre. So 
for those farmers we have brought this organic solution which is going to cost roughly about Rs. 
1,500 and this will save them the manual labour and this will increase the productivity in the 
field because the entire weed control is going to happen by the chemical solution which will 
decrease the competition from the weed. So, the crop yield and the crop vigor is going to increase 
actually for this farmer and increase this money So our initial target is in the nursery segment 
and the basic target of achieving means the sales is going to be from the East Central part of the 
country and Southern part of the country. So, they will be the major markets for this product. 
And talking about the market size, paddy herbicide marketis a very vast market actually. So, if 
I talk about the generic product, then it goes in large volume. The (inaudible) is very, very 
popular. Then the (inaudible)then the mixture . So there are a lot of products which are selling 
at very high volumes. So in terms of value you can anticipate to begin with a modest number of 
Rs. 10 crores-Rs. 15 crores, but in the second year itself, you can touch Rs. 40 crores-Rs. 50 
crores with this product. So, at this moment, I am putting it in Maharatna. Next year, there may 
be a possibility of catching a focused maharatna. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sir, with respect to herbicide only, how do you see the current level of demand playing out 
because of the early onset of monsoon and what is the inventory position out there in the market 
with respect to the agrochemicals across the nation? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Generally, if you talk about the inventory portion in the market, the people don't seek inventory. 
I want to say that the people will never seek inventory because after the season they are trying 
to return it to the company. So, in between there are... 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt but your voice is not clear. Can you come a little bit closer to your speaker? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Yes. So, the inventory situation in the market is, I will say there have been the signals of 
shortages from 3-4 months. So, particularly if I talk about the rice herbicide, the corn herbicide, 
there are shortages in the market. So, we were building up, because we are the manufacturer of 
technicals for many of these products. So, we were building up our brand and we are trying to 
place it in the market in the best possible manner. Even for the non-selective herbicide, the 
demand is going to start immediately. And there are shortage signals in the market. So, I can say 
that June should see a good demand for these herbicides better than usual. So now it depends 
how much we are able to place. We are in a good situation, but still that tightness we are also 
going to face in the month of June because there were manpower shortages which happened 
after the war. Luckily the war settled fast, so things have started improving, but still the 
manpower, the entire manpower is going to take some time to come back. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Also, sir, like you mentioned, there are shortages and like in respect to the quantities which are 
about to get dispatched, so this with respect to industry, so has the industry players taken 
advantage of the situation in terms of increasing or creating a price hike? And how do you see 
the trend of the raw materials placing out during the quarter? And how do you see it for the next 
quarter? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Demand and supply always plays an important role. For the herbicide, there's a small window 
actually. So yes, there is some price rise internationally also in the domestic market also, but not 
very big. But still, like I don't see that already some advantages people have started taking. But 
yes, if the shortage prevails, then there can be some price rise in the market. But we have to keep 
the fingers crossed for that. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Like QOQ, we haven't taken any pricing hike in this particular season, in the start of the season. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: I didn't say that actually. Last year was a level of price where there was a price drop. There has 
been some price improvement in the month of April, which has gone up to May and there will 
be another price drop. So that's a regular practice actually. Every year you have 2 to 3 revisions 
actually, generally till August. So first revision comes up in April, mid-April or May. Second 
revision comes in somewhere in June and if the season is good then the third division comes in 
July also. Last year they were all negative because July was the very dry month, the monsoons 
were very very erratic, if the rains are good and the season is positive, then there will be positive 
results. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right sir. And sir, like with respect to the raw material, how do you see the trend playing out? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Raw materials like you have to make an arrangement because it's a cyclic industry. That is one 
reason actually we have to plan four months in advance. So generally we will keep always the 
stock for 3 to 4 months. You cannot do it 100% but all the major requirements have to keep the 
raw materials in stock. So that's industry practice which you have to, with our large variety and 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
our, I would say the integration, sometimes you are forced to plan for technicals, formulations, 
brands, everything. We do that. So this year I had to engage some more go downs, extra go down 
facility, which we did actually, because we were preparing for the season. So I can say that IIL 
is ready, but nobody can fulfill the 100% demand because our business is a stable type of 
business. When I say stable, like if the rainfalls are low, then you will end up selling 90% if the 
rainfall is big you end up selling 110. I cannot do 120, 130 because achieving more than the 
target is very very difficult because you cannot supply at that speed which the market wants 
sometimes. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. And sir if the situation continues to remain as buoyant as currently it is, in terms of overall 
like you have guided you are looking out for a strong double-digit growth, how do you see the 
volume growth as well as pricing like in our range what kind of a ballpark we can use? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: It becomes very difficult to predict. I will continue with my guidance of double digital growth 
only. We will beat the industry that is something I would say. I don't want to go very bullish that 
we will do this/that, it will be just beating the industry as always. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sure. And sir a last question, with respect to Kaeros. So, any progress which you can share on 
this and going forward how much benefit can it occur for us with respect to gross margin 
improvement? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Kaeros has been positive in the first year itself. We have registered a profit of roughly about 2 
crores. So in this fiscal, we can expect a profit of around Rs. 10 crores-Rs. 12 cores from this 
Kaeros business, but next year it will multiply. Once we go into the larger chunk of business, 
then it will multiply. But again, we had bought this company for 5 odd crores. So 6 crores maybe. 
We'll make a recovery in 100%. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right, sir. Thanks so much, sir. I will get back in the question queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Arnav Sakhuja from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to confirm one thing you mentioned earlier. 
For Q4 FY'25, what is the volume and value there? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Quarters are important, but it is the strategy which is more important, I believe. So, we are going 
on this fiscal FY'26 preparing for this. When this preparation, yes, there has been some volume 
growth also and revenue growth also. Like in the last year if we calculate in totality, we have 
calculated that there has been a value degrowth of 8% means the volume has gone up by 10% 
and the value has gone up by 2%. So that way it is the value below. The price improvement 
won't have been there in the last quarter. There is some price improvement in the Quarter 1, 
which is the running quarter now. So further price improvement will be, depends on the market, 
how the market moves further. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
And just one more question. So you were talking about the capex that you completed the Rs. 
150 crores of CAPEX. I just wanted to confirm this is for the Dahej plant? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: We are going to capitalize the Dahej plant because we have got the approval for Dahej plant and 
we have spent about Rs. 150 crores in Dahej. In the current fiscal, the Sotanala plant is a 
Rajasthan plant which we are making. So we have spent about Rs. 50 crores odd there already 
and there will be additional investment of about Rs. 100 crores in the new projects which will 
be majorly attributed to Sotanala now. Major part, rest will be all the maintenance CAPEX 
because we keep on expanding small facility across plant every year. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sneha Jain from SKS Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sneha Jain: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask how many new registration, new products 
are we going to launch in FY'26? And will the majority of them would be 9(3) registration? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: We are going to launch 6 products in FY'26 and all these are expected to launch soon. So the 
first product is going to be Altair, which is a Japanese collaboration 9(3). Then there is Centran  
SC, which is again a mixture product, which is 9(3). Brahmos is my own technical which I made 
and I am going to launch a formulation. Formulation would be 9(4). The technical registration 
was 9(3). And this is my another mixture, which is going to be 9(3). Victor gold was a good 
product the whole product is a relaunch of that, it is 9(4). For another product is Stroke, which 
is already coming in the it is Sparkle. Sparkle is going to be 9(3) again, it is patented product 
which is going to come in a collaboration. 
Sneha Jain: 
I wanted to probe a bit about on the reciprocal tariffs of US basically both on us and on Japan, 
which is a major mega trading partner for us. And will we be signing further JV contracts 
manufacturing in India with them? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Everything is going to be happening. I just want to understand that pesticides are the 
commodities which are the restricted products. You have to register, then you can sell. So at the 
moment, I don't have any registration in USA and our major part of the business comes from the 
domestic market. My 95% of business is domestic business, 5% is export. That does not restrict 
me from doing the international business because we are investing too much on registrations in 
Japan, in America, America including South America and North America, all the countries, 
Europe and many parts of the world. So many of my products are under registration because the 
major, you have to understand one concept. A concept is China plus one and Europe plus one. 
Previously these were the manufacturers. Now people want to look at the alternate sources who 
can manufacture and supply to them. So India will also be one important partner for America. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
And if my product gets the registration, and I am in competition, then they have two competitors. 
They have to compare me with China or any other Indian company. If I am competitive, 
definitely I will get the market. And even if I am little expensive, then also because the other 
partner who is going to work for me in America or in any ex-country, he has invested money on 
me and he is banking on me, he has to take some quantities from me which can be large or small. 
It depends on the type of working we have. So, the dependence comes in automatically. We'll 
get the share. So, we expect that, yes, we are going to grow in the international market. But I 
don't want to give any big data for that. At the moment, we are a domestic play company with 
95% contribution coming from the domestic market. 
Sneha Jain: 
So, can the Japanese company give outsourcing to us? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : We are already working on this. I will make the announcement once the business starts. We are 
already working with many companies for many products. The agreements have signed. 
Sneha Jain: 
Okay. And sir, the last question would be, what would be the growth levers for us in FY'26 and 
for the next 3 years? I mean the outlook basically what will be the growth levels?  
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : The strategy is the premiumization. We wish to bring the efficiency in the system. We wish to 
bring the premium products to the market. We wish to introduce newer attempted IPR protected 
products. We wish to give new formulations, new technicals, we wish to do the CRAMs 
activities for the companies. So, there is a lot of new technology products which are going to 
come from this table of IIL. We are going to grow in the domestic markets as well as the 
international. 
Sneha Jain: 
Thank you so much. That is it. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kartik from Samatva Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Kartik: 
Many congratulations to the management of Insecticides India for a good set of numbers. My 
first question is, what is the outlook on the exports and is any of the CAPEX that we have 
recently done and the one which is in pipeline aimed at increasing exports? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Exports generally don't need too much of CAPEX. It's a routine CAPEX which I am investing 
for the export market because for exports, you have to invest on generation of data. We are 
having three NABL labs and the fourth one is also coming up. So I think it's four now, one GLP 
lab which is in-house. So we develop the impurities in-house, we develop the technicals in-
house, we develop the on the reference standards in-house and that after that we give to the 
CROs. It's a regular practice that the R&D teams have to do. We have a team of more than 150 
R&D scientists which are engaged regularly on development of products in different stages, 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
formulations, technicals, improvement of recipes. So, they are doing their work. That is a regular 
salary which I am paying. So it goes from there. So, nothing big. When I sign the export 
agreement from any company, those companies have to generate the data in their countries. I 
have to give them the centralized data which I keep on generating regularly as a regular practice. 
So, there is no special expenses which I have to incur for exports apart from keeping export 
office which I have at Mumbai. Mumbai there is a team of about 20 odd people who are sitting 
for the international businesses. So that is the expense I am making. At the moment my 
contribution from the international market is coming to roughly about 5%. That will grow 
slowly. There is not going to be any dramatic change. But yes, we are expecting some 
international order from the companies. So, once they start, then it will start changing. So once 
the business starts happening because initially when the trial quantities after the trial quantities 
are successful, then you start getting the regular quantities. Once the regular quantity starts 
happening, then yes, the international business will start growing directly. But at the moment, 
contribution is 5%. Thank you. 
Kartik: 
Thank you, sir. The second question is on Slide No. #10, there we have a good practice of 
actually showing the product freshness index. And we have always witnessed an exponential 
growth in each of the preceding years. However, in FY'25, it seems to have at the 500 odd level. 
Is there any specific reason behind this or tapering is-- 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Very interesting point you have picked up, actually. What I would like to say, as we grow in the 
premium products, so we have grown in the premium products here again in this fiscal. So in 
the B2C segment, it has been the growth, but in the B2B segment, I have suffered a degrowth of 
about 20%. In the past year, what was happening that when the new product is introduced, people 
take P2P. So when they were taking P2P, we were including it in the freshness index. But this 
year they have taken bulk. So that showed a negative thing. I will make the improvement in our 
presentation that from this year I will only show the brand, I will show the P2P products. So that 
improvement will be done and that will be visible. So in totality I can say that the follow up or 
the following of Insecticide India Tractor brand products is very high in the market. The response 
is very good and that is the reason that I am able to add four more products to my FM segment 
and all these four products were introduced in the last year. So I am that confident with my 
products which I am launching. So that confidence also goes with the freshness index. So 
incidentally, since in the past, these B2B were also covered, so that is showing negative trend. 
But that will improve, we will remove B2B from it for better clarity of the market. 
Kartik: 
You mentioned that there could be a Rs. 100 crore outlook from this subsidiary. Are we sticking 
to that guidance, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Could you repeat the question, please? 
Kartik: 
Our subsidiary, Kaeros which we have recently acquired and last time the acquisition news was 
shared with the shareholders. You have also given certain guidance that there could be a 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
possibility of Rs. 100 crore in FY'26. Are we sticking to that guidance from this subsidiary in 
this financial year? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Yes, I recently, I just in answering the another question I said we will be wasting a PAT of about 
10 crores plus. So to reply to your question, yes we'll stick to 100 crores. 
Kartik: 
Thank you so much, sir. And all the best for the future endeavors. Thank you. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kunal Tokas from Fair Value 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Just a few quick questions. First, can you give us a brief about your joint venture with OAT Agro 
from Japan and talk about progress has been made in new products from that joint venture? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : It's a old story. We tied up with OAT Agro in 2013. So now there are 12 years passed. So what 
is the job of the JV? The job of the JV is to develop the products, test them in Japan and test 
them in India, and then give it to the two partners. The two partners are OAT and Insecticides 
India. So yes, they develop the product and passing to us. And now we register these products 
in different geographies of the world and we have to launch. 
 
So the first product which was developed by them, it has passed many tests and other things. So 
the name is given to it, the IUPAC name, the chemical name, the other things because it takes a 
lot of time and all these things through all these stages. Scaling up is complete. So very shortly 
we are going to make an application in India. And after that, it will be applied in different parts 
of the world also. 
Kunal Tokas: 
So will this be the first product to be commercialized out of this joint venture? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Yes, this is going to be the first product which will be commercialized by the JV. But there are 
series of products which are after this. And let me tell you that these are the real inventions, 
which are the new chemicals. We call it NCE, new chemical entities, with different modes of 
action. These are new modes of action, no copy products, I would say, long chain products which 
come after a lot of research because we have research more than like we develop more than 
5,000 products every year and in 12 years, we have tested more than 60,000 after testing 60,000 
we got two three-- 
Kunal Tokas: 
You maybe also provide any idea about the potential of this new product or the other products 
that we took on?  
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : I will only say when you develop a new product and talk to an MNC, they will say 10,000 crores 
is the expenditure in developing a product. That much only I will say and not say anything else. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Kunal Tokas: 
Alright. And the working capital base that have increased is purely driven by the inventory build 
up that… 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Your voice is not very clear actually. Kunal, I have to make an estimate of what are saying. 
Kunal Tokas: 
What about now sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Better. 
Kunal Tokas: 
The question was about working capital gains that have increased. Is this only because of the 
inventory buildup that you are... 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Yes, it's temporary because of the inventory buildup and you will see the improvement in the 
fiscal because we are very very fierce on this. I already made a note on my earning calls. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And just the last question. So you talked about the direct effect that tariff could have, which 
would not be much on IIL. But do you think that tariff might induce China to maybe dump some 
products here and that can disrupt your business? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Again, voice is cracking, but I have understood that you are trying to discuss about the USA 
tariffs on India and China. Definitely, that will always have an impact. It's matter of registration. 
We are not a free product. We are not selling a free product. Every Chinese company has to 
register that product in the different countries wherever they want to sell with every customer. 
Same is the case for India. Register every product with every customer. So it's whosoever has 
the registration is expensive or inexpensive. The other person has to buy because he don't have 
other option. So if the other person has to buy then how competitive your product is it will 
depend on the quantum you get. So things are important but overall I can say there is no much 
stress in India due to this. The only thing is that the products are going to become expensive for 
American products. 
Moderator: 
And the line for the participant has been disconnected. We move on to the next question. The 
next question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please go ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
Good evening, sir. Sir, thank you very much for answering all the questions in such detail. So 
most of the questions that I had have been covered. Sir, I have one question on the other 
expenses. There has been a significant rise in that. Can you point out any particular line items 
which have seen increase and any one off items there? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: I don't think there are any one off items. I will give it to the CFO for explaining it. In fact, 
marketing expenses would have increased, but he'll explain better. 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Right. Good evening. So there is an increase of around Rs. 57 crore in the total of other expenses 
if you see and the major expenses has gone up to the business promotion and field promotion 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
expenses. As we are a company, we are in the new product launches. So we have to work very 
hard with the farmers in the field. So for that you have to do some demonstrations also, you have 
to do show the product to the farmers, you have to show the IR. So those expenses have gone 
up. So majorly are those expenses if you see the exact, then I can give you the head wise 
bifurcation also, but majority is this. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, please two line items, if you have numbers, one is ad and sales promotion and other 
commissions. 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
You can say that sale fee expenses is about Rs. 20 crores. And the expenses that increased are 
increased in repair and maintenance and factory pollution expenses have by about increase of 
about Rs. 20 crores. 
Agastya Dave: 
Understood. Last question from my side is because there was an 8% drop in realizations, a lot 
of the line items have moved around significantly if we consider them as percentage of sales. So 
for example, gross margins have expanded. the current gross margins are indicating 32% gross 
margins. Should we consider them going forward and sync with other line items because there's 
such a huge distortion in the realization. And a related question there is, what about the margins 
going forward given I am assuming that the raw material basket has kind of stabilized for pretty 
much everyone and the demand is looking good. So how do you see these things varying going 
forward? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Rajesh again. We have shown a 50% improvement in our profit margins. So first we would like 
to stabilize it around this. We are already on a growth path. I already said double digital growth. 
I am already talking about the premium product. We have been working on the strategy for last 
3-4 years. We are cutting down our, tail cutting is a regular exercise at IIL because whatever 
products are not paying, we are cutting them off. So all the things, the improvement which we 
had started four years back are paying off now. So they will continue to pay off, but I will not 
say any dramatic change. But yes, in 2-3 years, definitely we will see 200 to 300 points change 
actually in the EBITDA levels. So that is going to be -- 
Agastya Dave: 
Even from the base of FY'25, sir, even on the base of FY'25, you expect now 200 to 300 bps 
improvement? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: We are looking at as a benchmark. Yes, there will be improvement, but it will be a slow 
improvement. 
Agastya Dave: 
Excellent. I understand sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, very well done. And one more question is, employee cost now that the Dahej plant is 
commissioned, how much do we need to invest in our employees? 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : What happens is, plant is already started and employees were already there. Because I cannot 
hire and keep them on the plant overnight because plant trials are there, that is already a 25% or 
30% of employment and they are working there. Different types of tasks are there because before 
commissioning there is trials, there is water trials, there solvent trials everything needs to be 
checked. That expense is already there. And other than that, we are working on utilities very 
much. How power budget and gas budget can be controlled? Oil budget. So, I tried to do the 
expansions for sure, but we bring some economy in it. So, some basis points, my expense in 
terms of expenses per kg and in terms of the plant expansion will be little less. You will see 
improvement because we already doing a lot of work to reduce the energy cost overall in both 
the segment. 
Agastya Dave: 
The last 2 years progress is very good sir. So I must congratulate you on that and good luck for 
that. Thank you for giving me the time and opportunity. All the best, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S A Narayan from Capricorn Research. Please 
go ahead. 
S A Narayan: 
Rajesh, I am an admirer of the way you have led the Insecticides India over the years. I have 
given this progress that you have brought. I have two questions. The first one is, given the PAT, 
profit after taxes has jumped from Rs. 102 crore in FY'24 to Rs. 142 crore in FY'25. Please give 
a response in one sentence what you did different in FY'25 that there is such an amount of 
significant improvement in performance? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Simple, the strategy of premiumization. We launched products continuously and we kept on 
improving the product mix and this is going to continue for future. 
S A Narayan: 
Good. Given this level of performance that you have reached, what is that you plan to do in 
FY'26 to take the company to the next level? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : We are continuously improving the product mix like we name the product as FMs, focused 
maharatnas and maharatnas. We are focusing particularly around the focused maharatnas. And 
improve the number of focused maharatna from 12 to 16 which is itself indicator that yes these 
are going to be big products and we are going to work around these products, advertise these 
products, develop these products in the market and my team and the trade also gets that 
information that yes, this is coming in this segment and companies focus is going to be around 
this. So this will continue and help us actually. And then we are having some mega launches 
actually in this fiscal also because there are two collaboration projects and rest of the products 
also which are coming up mostly either by my own technical or they are the mixtures which 
have got IP protection. So these all these things are very, favorable for the company and are 
going to support, because here, when we supply business solutions, we become the solution 
provider, not the product provider. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
S A Narayan: 
So given this, do I consider that FY'26 will be similar to the kind of growth that we have had in 
FY'25? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Growth will be good. We are very, very bullish and positive. I cannot say that, yes there will be 
another jump, but it will be good. 
S A Narayan: 
I look forward. Many thanks. All the best to you. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Thank you. Thanks a lot for the appreciation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Wealth Care 
Advisory Partners LLP. Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers, Sir, my question was that in your opening remarks 
before that due to the war situation, there are shortage of workers. So will it affect the placements 
in the first quarter, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Now, the actual sales movement of this month. Yes, if we have more people and there is a chance 
of producing more. This year we were prepared, and we have been manufacturing since... 
Manish Jain: 
Sir, your voice is not clear. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Yes, there is some shortage of manpower. There is some shortage of manpower because when 
the war started, so people from Jammu fled actually and not only there, there was impact at other 
plants also because people were worried and they were receiving calls from the people in the 
village, come back to the village. So there was, there is some pressure on the manpower. It will 
take time to recover. So I cannot do 100% what I want, but yes, definitely it will have some 
impact actually. Because had that not been there, then the performance would have been much 
better than what it is going to be today. I can only say that we are already on our growth. 
Manish Jain: 
So we will lose some market share sir, in this quarter, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : We never lost the market share. In last 20 years I have never lost the market share. 
Manish Jain: 
So we have enough stock in the market? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : We always plan better from the market, from the competition. That is the reason we are able to 
grow better. So we have, we prepare ourselves, we take risk, but these are calculated risks. 
Manish Jain: 
In short, we have enough stock in the market, right? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Why do you want your words to come from my mouth actually? We know the market and we 
are working hard. 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Manish Jain: 
Okay sir, my next question and the last question is that when will we be able to do a 10% net 
profit margin, maybe next year? Possible? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : No, it's a difficult question for me to reply upfront. So, EBITDA levels we have already crossed 
11.5. It will keep on improving. So when it will match the taxation, then we'll have it. I can say 
that this should be 2 to 3 years target. 
Manish Jain: 
Okay, sir. Congratulation once again, and best of luck, sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kartik from Samatva Group. Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you for allowing me to ask another set of questions. You said that you were planning to 
hire for some senior roles and management level. Is that hiring done or are we expecting some 
more hiring to happen? 
Rajesh KumarAggarwal: 
There are things in process, so as they will happen, because you have to form a strategy, then 
you have to find the right type of people, and then people get free from their current assignments 
and join you. So we have been looking at people around, so there will be joining which will 
happen during this year. 
Manish Jain: 
Okay, can we... Is the cause related to senior... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Kartik, your voice is not clear. 
Manish Jain: 
I will repeat once again, is it better? 
Moderator: 
Yes, it's better now. 
Manish Jain: 
Thanks. So the question is, the reason for asking this question is, is majority of costs related to 
senior leadership or management related hiring already captured in FY'25 or are we to anticipate 
majority of those costs to be reflected in FY'26? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: I would say that the routine is going to cover that. So routine changes in salary this year may be 
between about 15% plus. So which will cover the additional manpower required. In '26, again, 
when the Sotanala plant come in, then there might be some hike. So it will depend that we are 
yet to give the numbers that how much will be the sales gain and what all. But yes, I think we 
should be able to maintain with 15% CAGR on our salary budgets. 
Manish Jain: 
Great. Thank you. And my second and last question, sir. Is in the past, Q4 was always subdued 
when compared to Q3. Not absolutely, but relatively, Q4 was always subdued related to Q3. 
What has changed in this quarter at Insecticides that Q4 made similar revenue as compared to 

 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Q3? And is this sustainable in the future as well? Because are we expecting the lumpiness to 
settle down going forward as we have witnessed this quarter? 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal : Actually we don't form our strategy quarter wise, it was the pressure on the back of the mind 
that forced the Q4 and then the expectation from the new season was very good. And then we 
had set new solutions which were selling in this Q4. So these were the reasons which we say is 
going in Q4. And then international market also responded, B2B market segment also responded 
because B2B was also trailing behind and they were also under pressure. So I can say that 
pressure has come done some work. The strategy has done some work. And then of course, the 
expectation from the new season was very, very positive because already the IMD and the other 
agencies had started making the announcement about good rainfalls for this year. People needed 
the preparedness and the inventories in the market were too low. People needed those products, 
but that's why it happened. So I am not saying that this is not repeatable. It should be repeatable 
in future. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the 
last question. I now hand over the conference to management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal: Thank you all the participants for attending this session today. With your queries, you have asked 
very important questions, which will be enlightening all other people who were not present in 
this call or even who were present in this call. Thank you very much for your positive feedbacks. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Insecticides India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
