DEVELGPED 
D025 O3 
TE 
@@ o 
SN 
A 
s 
TIBEML 
1047 10 2047 
BEML LIMITED 
Schedule ‘A’ Company under Ministry of Defence, Govt. 
of India 
Defence & Aerospace 
| 
Mining & Construction 
| 
Rail & Metro 
Ref: CS/SE/628 
Date: 23.06.2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
The BSE Limited 
Listing Compliance Department 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra - Kurla Complex, | P.J. Towers, 26™ Floor, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
MUMBAI —-400 001 
Symbol: BEML 
Scrip Code: 500048 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts / Investors meet - under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations 2015 — Reg. 
Ref: 
(i) Our letter CS/SEs/ 625 dated 10.06.2025. 
(i) Our letter CS/SEs/ 627 dated 16.06.2025. 
Please find below the Transcript of Analyst meet hosted by M/s Elara Capital on 
Monday, the 16th June, 2025, at Mumbai. The same 
is also made available on the 
Company’s website at below mentioned link. 
https://www.bemlindia.in/investors/ 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully 
For BEML LIMITED 
Urmi Chaudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
ICSI Mem No.: 29400 
Place: Bengaluru 
{; 
o TOCorporate Office: 
YRR, 92/0, vi@va,08, JosoNoecbG, doriveds - 12009 2. BedTEToal  +€0009999 208m 
@3 
oa: +£0009900v0E € 
BEMLSoudha, 23/1, 4th. Main, S R Nagar,Bangalore — 560027, Tel. +91 80 22963142/211, Fax. +91 80 22963142 
52cs@beml.co.in 
cmdbem! 
 [BEMLLTD. 
CIN: L35202KA1964G0I001530, GST NO. 29AAACB8433D1ZU, Ewww.bemlindia.in 
URMI 
CHAUDHURY
Digitally signed by 
URMI CHAUDHURY 
Date: 2025.06.23 
09:48:56 +05'30'

BEML Group Meeting Transcript 
BEML CMD Shri Shantanu Roy : 
| along with Board members welcome you all. 
Shantanu Roy: Let me start with our order book doubling guidance. The order book doubling 
guidance comes from the fact that there are several tenders for which we have already 
participated, and which are going to be finalized in the current financial year. More so in the 
Rail and metro and in Defense and Mining. Of course, it is cyclical every year. So the guidance 
of 20% comes from mining, 20% from defense, which may go up considering the current 
situation. And in real, it should be around 60% number two, 
as far as the top line is concerned 
in FY25, there were certain headwinds, because of which we could not achieve the aspiration, 
but in spite of that, we have held our ground more so because we are diversified, and when 
Rail could not perform, Mining has come up. So those projects are going to be executed this 
year also. This year we will start the execution of the Bangalore Metro which we are supposed 
to execute, to deliver 20 metro trains to Bangalore Metro. In the defense, we already have a 
order for the high mobility platforms more than 1,500 crore which we have to execute in the 
current financial year, plus, we are expecting some more orders which we have to execute 
under the emergency procurement. So considering all this definitely, a 20% CAGR growth is 
very much achievable. On the margins, my guidance is not 50 basis points. My guidance is 150 
basis points in EBITDA over last year's number. So if you look at the EBITDA graph from 5% to 
7.7 % 10 9.2% 
; 9.2 % to 11.9 %; 11.9 to 13.2%. Last year my guidance was 100 bps. We did 
more than the guidance. And this year, considering a 20% CAGR. Considering the order mix 
and the product mix that we have more in Commuter rail, more in high end mining, more in 
defense in terms of the systems. One of the major shifts in our strategy is from high mobility, 
vehicle platforms to the systems. For example, the mechanical minefield marking equipment 
is a complete system. We are executing the order, the command post vehicle as a complete 
system. We are executing the order, and we'll be doing more and more of that in the coming 
years. Plus our focus on the sustenance business last year. One of the major reasons. There 
were 2 major reasons for the better margins. Number one was reduction in material cost by 
2% and number 2 was the contribution of sustenance to the overall top line. The sustenance 
business contributed around 26% to the top line. So this year, sustenance will again add to the 
top line and to the bottom line. That's the reason I'm pretty confident that 150 basis point 
EBITDA should 
be achievable. 
Okay, sustenance 
is Spares and 
services. 
So you 
see, 
in 
sustenance, what happened is initially, when we created the SBUs, we did with only one SBU 
for sustenance, which was for mining and for defense. Then somewhere last year, we created 
another SBU, the 12th SBU was a sustenance. Now this year we are further going to break 
down the SBU of Mining and Defense into 2 SBUs. The idea is the real sustenance. There is a 
huge market not only for BEML supplied fleet, but also the fleet which has been supplied by 
others. Second is, our focus 
is on growing our sustenance business in the exports as far as 
mining is concerned. Last year the mining sustenance business grew by 6%. But the defense 
sustenance business grew by 50%. And with the fleet size that is there with the Indian army, 
we have 9,000 HMVs, out of which around 50% is non euro. So non euro to euro conversion,

then upgradation or overhauling of euro HMVs and next is the Armoured Recovery vehicle 
overhauling. These 3 businesses will drive the defense sustenance in terms of the spares in 
terms 
of the overall 
fleet maintenance. 
So that's how we 
are trying 
to, 
reorient the 
organization. Ultimate aim is to see to it that sustenance contributes more than 30% to the 
top line, and anything where sustenance is added. In terms of, you know, incremental revenue 
gain, also it adds to the bottom line. 
Analyst 
: If 
| understand correctly the timing for this short cycle order in terms of what gives 
you the confidence 
Shantanu Roy: No, 
| said, no, the order book that we are expecting in 2026, Mining will 
contribute around 20% to it. If you look at 20% of the total order, and if you look at FY25, the 
contribution of mining was 54%, which has gone up significantly. And one of the major reasons 
was that since Rail was not able to perform, we had to ramp up Defense as well as Mining. So 
Defense saw phenomenal growth of around 40% with the contributions increasing from 19% 
to 27%. And mining saw a contribution growth of 11%. If you look at the long term perspective, 
even 2025-26, the expectation is mining will be around 40% and Defense plus Rail and Metro 
will contribute around 60%. 
Analyst 
: Is it safe to say that 20th also. 
Shantanu Roy: we will not end the year at Rs. 28,000 crores order book. We will end the year 
at around Rs 22,000, Rs 23,000 Crs, because had an order in-flow of around Rs 6,800 crores, 
which was a growth of around 28% as compared to FY24. This year we expect to have at least 
a double or little more than double ordering flow as compared to FY24 in FY 25. 
Analyst 
: is that right? 20% mining, 20% defense, 60% 
Shantanu Roy : Rail and Metro can be a little bit more. Also, defense can be a little bit more 
also because we are now expecting some emergency procurement orders which will be 
there with us in another couple of months from now, so we can expect a 
little bit more 
contribution of Defense in the 25-26 Order book. 
Analyst :where was the Bangalore Metro? 
Shantanu Roy: Bangalore Metro was never supposed to be delivered in FY25. It was always 
supposed to be delivered this year only, FY25. We were supposed to deliver the Vande Bharat. 
Since the testing and the CCRS inspection of the 1st prototype have not been completed, we 
could not deliver the balance 9 trains, but the car body shells are already ready for all 10, and 
this year, July onwards, we can start delivering the balance Trains. Apart from that we will be 
delivering some Catenary maintenance vehicles 
also. Some numbers we have already 
planned. Apart from that, we can expect some orders for the Link Hoffman Bosch trains, and 
out of which some numbers we'll have to execute in the current financial year. Our Director 
Rail and Metro, Mr. Rajiv Kumar Gupta, can throw some further light on this, Gupta? 
2

Mr Rajiv Gupta: Starting July onwards, we will deliver all these trains by the end of this year 
by December. That is what we are looking forward to? Because already the 1st train has been 
inspected in April, 
it has got all the clearances, and now it is only awaiting the clearances 
where 
it 
is going to be allotted to run. The train 
is already 
in. Maybe any day 
it can be 
announced where it is going to be run, because it is the 1st sleeper train of one. They are also 
taking some time to decide where they want to run it. Apart from that, we are expecting some 
orders for the LHB coaches out of which, something like 150 numbers we want to deliver this 
year. So that is another thing which we have to do. And we will be starting the delivery of 
Metro by September, October trains will go. We have plans to send around 20 train sets this 
financial year, so that will be another advantage. That adds revenue for rail and metro sector. 
So if you put all these together it'll be a significant jump from the last time at least more than 
double what we did last year. To add to this, 
| have not mentioned, you know the order book 
guidance. We have not considered MRVC. That which the tender got discharged in March 24, 
now in the next 2 months, the tender is expected to be floated. It is 2856 cars, to be precise. 
It 
is for Mumbai. The ticket size itself will be more than 
Rs 30,000 crores. 
So, 
I've not 
considered MRVC at all if it comes this year fine, but in all probability, it should go on to next 
year. We have a capacity of maximum we have done in a year is 277, on an average of 200. 
The Bangalore facility, which will be operational by November, December. This new facility will 
add around 150 more to our capacity. The new facility at Bhopal in a phased manner. We want 
to go up to a total capacity of around 700 to 800 cars per annum. Let me give you a perspective 
about the current orders on hand. Now, 930 cars are on the road. We expect some orders for 
the track machines. The 
rail borne maintenance vehicles. To be precise, LHB. Also MRVC 
requirement, as and when 
it comes. Then there 
is the new Metro.168 cars for Chennai.. 
Mumbai line 9 and 
5. Already we have bid for multiple cities. These 4 cities require 96 trains, 
out of which, tender is out only for 8 trains. Next phase is 400 cars already approved by the 
cabinet. Andhra Pradesh has announced the tenders for setting up Metro. Chhattisgarh 
is 
going to come out with a metro plan very shortly. MP 
Is going to come out with enhanced 
plans for Metro. Hyderabad is going for expansion of the existing metro lines. Kochi is going 
for expansion of the existing metro lines. RRTS are not considered at all which is going 
to come, 
and this time we'll be in RRTS as well. So, this facility at Bhopal and Bangalore both put 
together 700 to 800 cars per annum is the full capacity that we will be able to deliver in coming 
2 to 3 years’ time. By that time these orders like MRVC, RRTS, everything will be finalized.... 
Analyst 
: right? So that is the 
Shantanu Roy 
: Future perspective as far as the Metro is concerned, and 
| have not spoken 
about high speed. The 2 high speed trains. December 26, we can expect some more orders 
for high speed trains and the next development will be the aluminium trains, which is still in 
the drawing board. But we will start working on the aluminium technology. 
3 

Analyst: Average utilization What will the spectrum in the bandage? Because windows could 
possibly be tempo per host as such. 
Shantanu Roy: 
It's more than that, because now with every metro there 
is 
a 15 years 
maintenance. With every commuter rail there is a 35 years maintenance right? So there is a 
thumb rule. 
If it's a 35 year maintenance the base price into 2.04 straight away plus the 
execution timeline. Current order backlog that we have, we have to execute in the coming 3 
years, Max. Next 3 years, at least at an average of 300 cars. If we add high speed, if we add 
the LHB we need more capacity and the new orders that will come. Suppose any order that 
comes this year, 2 years down the line. These days, the timeline is being reduced. For example, 
Mumbai is asking for the 1st proto in 64 weeks Bangalore went to 96 weeks earlier. It used to 
be 2 years. From there, it is squeezed to 64 weeks. So any new metro which comes there will 
be a reduced timeline for delivering the 1st prototype as well. This will be a flexible thing but 
for railway numbers, yes, railway, metro, plus any exports which can be standard gauge, broad 
gauge, Cape gauge, steel, aluminium, and size varies from 18 meter to 23 meters. Then 
technology. It can be Mag, tick and spot welding. It can be laser aiso. So right now, we aiready 
have Mag and spot welding. For high speed we are bringing in laser technology all robotic for 
aluminium we may have to go for friction stuff. Design is ours. There is no design. There was 
no design available for the sleeper, so it's a clean sheet design. Even the high speed train is a 
clean sheet design. the employee expenses should come down to around 17%. That is 
a 
challenge we have. So let's try to see how that works. 
Analyst: What about the capex? 
Shantanu Roy: Rs 200 crores last year itself we have spent. There was a time we used to spend 
50 crores 3 years back. Now we are spending 200 Crores this year. We are supposed to spend 
around 600 crores. If you spend around only 200, then these kinds of capacities will take us 
years to build, and we cannot afford. Otherwise, we'll not be able to deliver unless we invest 
in Capex. But 
it is not only important to invest in Capex, but overall invest in capability, and 
that will come once we have the latest technologies and the people to manage technologies. 
So the talent on boarding and talent retention 
is one of our key areas of concern more so 
because almost 20% of our work force is going to superannuate or going to separate from us. 
Already that process has started. So, we have to not only fill those gaps, but also fill in the skill 
sets. loT enabled machines, machining centers. And now, when we talk about robotic laser 
welding machines, we need trained operators, we need people who can operate CNC 
machines who can operate, who have the knowledge of tooling. Tooling is very critical for us. 
So our focus is on strengthening our manufacturing by having more people who can design a 
tool, who can design jigs, fixtures right? Otherwise, just bringing the machines will not serve 
the purpose. So that is how our aim is to improve efficiency as well. Currently the turnover for 
employees is around Rs 76 lakhs. It has been in that range only more or less, because the top 
line has been flat, more or less. The aim is to first cross one crore per employee and then come 
at optimum level of around Rs 1.5 cr per employee. So the idea is not to, you know, on board

talent just like that. We are doing it in a graded manner. Last 2 years. We have on boarded 
almost 500 to 600 people, and in the next one and a half years we are going to on board 
around 600 more, 600 more in terms of you know, the working level, the workmen category 
literal recruitments for, especially if we want to grow in the maritime. If you want to grow in 
the aerospace, if you want to go in as a systems integrator for defense and high speed train 
aluminum technology, definitely, we need people who can support us 
in this. So, 
all our 
recruitments are focused on keeping these futuristic requirements. 
In case of inventory 
conversion to cash. Let me explain to you, one is inventory, the other the receivables, right? 
So, we have to bring down the working capital. There is no doubt about it. The aim is to bring 
it down by at least 15%. Now, if you talk about the inventory we are focusing on an inventory 
which is more than one year to 3 years, and to make it 0 in the coming 1, 1 and a half years. 
That is one of our major priority areas on the receivable side, you see. It's accounting principle. 
We can't help 
it that as soon as 
| invoice, the entire amount becomes a receivable. So last 
quarter, we did the maximum sales, and even though, it is not collectable immediately, it has 
become a receivable. That's the reason it is looking so high. Otherwise, my actual collectible 
is not that much. It is hardly maybe 65% of that which is collectible correct. So we have to live 
with that accounting principles, accounting policy. 
Analyst: Will the Inventory become 0? 
Shantanu Roy: No, it will not be, 
| did not say it will be 0. We are not in the JIT world. And as 
a PSU, we cannot work on JIT concept. Any private sector automobile company can probably 
work on that concept, because here we have diversity of products. Most of them are custom 
made, every metro project is custom made, every rail project is a custom made, every high 
speed project will be custom made. Every defense product is a custom made even the HMVs. 
For Akash it will be different. For Swati it will be different. 
It will be different because of the 
different payloads and other things. So we cannot have a JIT concept. Let us be very clear. 
What 
| meant was that any inventory more than one year, 2, 3 years, or beyond that, we are 
trying to make it 0. 
It cannot be 0. The overall limit can never be. 0 number of days is, you 
know, aspiration is 90 days, which is again very difficult for us. We have certain long lead items. 
Many items are long lead items especially in a metro or in commuter rail. The propulsion is a 
long lead item. The brake is a long lead item, the catenary maintenance vehicle, the brake. 
The engine is 12 months delivery. 
Shantanu Roy: Yes, 
| mean, that is what we aspire to it. But I'm very clear that at least in the 
coming 2 years or so we are not going 
to achieve that number 30 works which is around 160. 
So the 1st step is to bring down from 160 to around 130, and that itself will be a herculean 
task. For us it is mainly in mining. But it will be all through. One of the major reasons of high 
inventory last year was, we had all the material for Vande Bharat but could not convert it to 
sales. So we were having the entire car body available with us as a WIP, as a semi-finished. 
v

Analyst: So it goes into the inventory, the laser kind of technology that you mean. Just curious 
that we don't need to talk of, etc whether it's payload, whether it's recoil vibration, whatever 
you need, some more either material related, you know, ability to forward monopoly or ability 
to probably have certain other capabilities that you may find currently lying that you may need 
to spend on one of the major challenges in the country is the forging. 
Shantanu Roy: Of forging. We are not into forging. We need good industry partners who can 
give us the right quality of forging at the right time. Unfortunately, 
it is one of the major 
challenges for the country. We have to import lot of forgings. We are dependent on the foreign 
companies for the forgings for the Train sets. Even the railway have to go right so. But forging 
is a major challenge for the country, whether 
it 
is defense, whether 
it 
is rail and metro, 
whether it is mining. Number 2 challenge is castings. Someone like Lucchini or Bonotrans have 
their complete lines joked. The quality of the casting is very important, and unfortunately, you 
know, a lot of players have emerged in the market. But the quality of casting definitely is a 
major challenge for us. especially, you know, for some of our flagship programs like the engine 
programs. It's a casting which is killing us fiterally, the quality of the castings. Because when 
you go for high end engines, what happens 
is there are very tight margins. As far as the 
machining is concerned and when you have tight margins, then the casting has to be very 
correct. Otherwise, what happens is during machining you know, there will be breakages and 
if there are any breakages in the castings, then the program 
is stuck. And that 
is what 
is 
happening So these are some 2, 3 areas. But definitely, we are facing challenges in terms of 
the capability. One is as the industry partner. Availability is concerned, we have to ramp up in 
terms of the quality in terms of the deliverables. Second is on the human capital. We have on 
boarded a lot of talent from the premium institutions, and they are mostly being put in digital 
transformation or in futuristic product innovation center. And now, with the central research 
facility coming up where we have at IIT Madras, we have already posted 2 of our people, and 
we are already evaluating, some 4 or 5 projects which 
| think in IIT Madras at their center of 
excellence. The Incubation Center has developed and we are exploring. We are evaluating 
whether we can commercialize that because we need to fund those. We are also very shortly 
going to hire more. You know, level one or tier one Academic institutions who are into 
technology, who are into material science metallurgy is going to be very, very important for 
the country, for us, because the future is all right power to weight ratio use of more and more 
composites in defense. Standard 4 standard 5 level with bare minimum increase in weight. So 
these are the challenges in front of the industry in front of us. Yes, last year FY25 was 
a 
watershed moment for us in Defense. The growth was 40% this year. The orders that we have 
in hand, if you're able to execute 100%, will see more than doubling of the Defense turnover 
in FY26, and that is a major challenge for us, more so, because we have indigenized now to 
more than 95%, even the 12 by 12, which we used to import the CKDs and just assemble. We 
have rolled out the 1st 12 by 12 it has undergone trials. Now it is going to be fitted with the 
strategic missile system for which it is required. The second vehicle, we are going to roll out 
shortly now. This has been a big challenge for us in developing the supply chain in the country 
6

for critical aggregates like the cabin. And now we are looking at multiple options, and as a 
couple of months, you know, we will be on boarding some more good players, high end 
players, and with that we'll be able to mitigate this challenge. The critical aggregates, in these 
are the cabin, the furnishing inside the cabin, the backbone tube, the excel we are doing in 
house, the backbone tool we are doing in house, the chassis. We have outsourced the cabin. 
We have outsourced. Now we are planning to partly do the insourcing for the cabin, as far as 
the furnishing is concerned, getting the shelf from outside and doing the furnishing ourselves 
based on our capabilities in the Metro and Red, wherein we do the entire furnishing in house. 
Analyst 
: What about the Capex and how you are going to fund the same 
Shantanu Roy 
: Rs 220 crores we spent last year. As of now we have not thought of any debt 
for our existing facilities. But yes, for the Bhopal plan, we are definitely looking at the partners 
who can do the debt funding. Already some financial institutions, some PSU banks have also 
shown lot of interest in fundingit. And we'll soon be finalizing. We are in the process of making 
a DPR. Detailed project report will be ready in another 2 months, 3 months time, and then we 
will decide how much Capex to go through. 
Analyst 
: What is the Capex number total planned. 
Shantanu Roy: Capex planned is 1800 crores, but that will be in 5 phases. The 1st phase will 
be around 225 crores. The idea is to start rolling out the trains from there at the earliest, within 
12 to 14 months, so that the cash flow is positive it starts becoming positive. 
Analyst: And what will be the capacity? 
Shantanu Roy: 1st phase should be around 150 cars second phase should be around 450 from 
Bhopal, and 300 from Bangalore, so 750 in total. But this 450 will be in 5 phases, 
| mean, for 
example, one of the lines, we will keep a provision for different kind of technology if it happens 
so0, we'll be working on 3 lines, 3 phases, 3 lines 
So one line, we'll keen a provision. We'll not 
invest. 
Analyst 
: Receivables is high. 
Shantanu Roy: You know, Cash turn around time in mining is faster. What happens in defense 
is once we start delivering, then, there is a lot of support a lot of push from the ministry itself, 
because there is a budget to be spent in a particular year. So we do a decent cash collection 
from defense when it comes to the end of the year. So we are not very much bothered about 
the Defense Cash Collection. The major cash collection effort 
is required 
in the metro 
segment. Payment is done on a time to time basis based on milestones. Yes, the challenge is 
when it comes to Metro. 
| would say when we are going to complete the project, 10%, 15% of 
the money is withheld on account of the final performance or the end of the warranty period. 
So that is a delayed cash which comes to us. So that is a challenge for us. Otherwise, mining. 
very fast moving. metro, little bit less as compared to mining. Railway is also on the same lines 
For example, in Metro generally it is like the warranty starts from the deliver of the last train 
%

set, so if the delivery of the last train set is 4 years out of the contract, so my warranty goes 
up to 6 years from the date of the contract from the 1st supplies. So that's a challenge. Metro. 
In fact, you know, 
| don't think we have been able to. Maybe we have been able to close one 
or 2 contracts till now. So actually, we have been after the Ministry of Housing and urban 
Affairs and metro corporations, to change the way the contracting is done, otherwise it is very 
difficult to close the project. Like in a power plant, the customer holds payments till the end, 
last 10%, 15% is very difficult to realize. So here also we have to push and keep on pursuing. 
Keep on working, on removing the glitches as per the contract and many of the things is not 
dependent on us. For example, something can be dependent on the signaling contractor. 
Something is dependent on the site availability. These are the challenges. 
Analyst 
: What are the challenges in forging and casting? 
Shantanu Roy 
: Currently casting? We have a lot of partners in India. Only challenge is the 
quality and the deliverability. Forging. These are private sector. Unfortunately, 
| cannot name 
them. You will be knowing them. 
I'm sure you'll be knowing them. As far as things are 
concerned. There are very few companies in India hardly, maybe one or 2 who can give, you 
know, high quality castings. But in Metro vertical, where passenger safety is most important 
and where the wheel is a forged wheel, we cannot compromise on quality. We have to go with 
a certain level of quality. 
Analyst: What about reducing the Employee cost 
Shantanu Roy: As already told, we are looking for somewhere 17 to 18%. It's a challenging 
one. At the same time we need more people, but with the increase of turnover, we will bring 
down the employee cost in percentage terms. Around 17%, with the increased wage cost, it 
has to be around that minimum, we cannot afford to increase 
it. Achieving 17% 
is 
a big 
challenge. 
Analyst: Majority of Delta will come from, you know, reduction in material cost, optimizing 
the design and for your review guidance. Now you are confident that the issue with the train 
sets when they were behind what was in place in FY25. 
Shantanu Roy 
: 
| already said so. 
Analyst: Whatever you think is likely to be available. You mentioned that 1, 2, 3 years, one to 
just who should we be carrying on post. So if you were to say that, you know, write off and 
write back some of those inventory because 
| think maybe the one to 3 basis point. Margin 
improvement, we are saying is also as well. 
Shantanu Roy: No, no, we are. We are not thinking of writing off anything. What 
| mentioned 
was that, when we look at the inventory there are 2 ways of classification. One is the ABC 
classification in terms of the value of the material. The other is the age wise classification. So 
I'm talking about the age wise classification that anything beyond one year. So 1, 2, 3 years is 
the majority of the chunk of the inventory. So we have to use that material. We are not saying 
8

we'll write off. Will do the best possible manner, so that the total outstanding we'll reduce our 
inventory. We could not dispatch last year inventory. Still, we are holding. So once we dispatch, 
and consume old inventory, we can achieve reduction. Once we start delivering the 20 train 
sets, definitely inventory will come down. If you look at the exact numbers, 
| think more than 
one year is around 500crs. The intent is to make it 0. Overall inventory can never be consumed. 
That is more than one year, so some portion is in finished goods. 
Analyst: Do we have a split right now? 
Shantanu Roy: 
| don't have a split right now. 
| don't have the definite figure. We have the 
numbers. We monitor it based on that because a lot of our pricing is on cost basis or we pass 
on. You see, pricing is a strategy. Cost is a reality. 
If the market is ready to give me X100. 
I'll 
take 105. If the market is ready to give me %90, 
| cannot put 100, and expect to get the order. 
The idea is to get the order at 90 and then make profit on that. So, what 
| was trying to say is 
150 basis point margin improvement will come from the top line, number 2 from the product 
mix number, 
3 from 
reduction 
in material 
cost and number 
4 from the enhanced 
in 
contribution of systems. It's a very conservative number. 87% of the orders are accomplished 
through competition. Competition is well known. If you talk about mining, it is caterpillar, it is 
komatsu. 
It 
is tata 
hitachi. Some cases Chinese companies. 
If 
it 
is Metro, 
it 
is Alstom, 
bombardier. In some cases it is Caff. In defense the line of business that we are in, we have 
Mahindra, we have 
Bharat forge. 
For 
2 new businesses, aerospace and maritime, the 
proposition is number one to work on the indigenization of critical aggregates which are being 
imported by the Navy number 2 work on critical resource for any port operation, and with 2 
Mega ports and 12 minor ports coming up, it's all the more important that we indigenize this 
particular component, which is again huge. Number 3 is introduction of the indigenous cutter 
Section dredger. Currently all the cutter suction dredgers are being imported. All the players 
are either European or Chinese, so we have recently bid for one tender for 12 numbers of 
cutter suction dredger. We have prospective 2 partners. Now. One is back *o ltaly, the ctheris 
Worcester Netherlands. They have different lengths, and we'll be buying different segments 
for the construction. There 
is also 
a huge requirement by the hydro power plants for 
enhancing the efficiency because of siltation. There is a lot of bridging which is required on an 
average, 6 dredgers are required for each power plant. So that 
is a huge business. We are 
working with NHPC. The smaller cutter suction dredgers, are around 8 to 10 crores, and the 
larger cutter section razors are around 25 crores. I'd be happy if somebody is able to give at 
Rs 50-60 lakhs, because these are cutter suction dredgers. The maintenance dredgers, you 
must be talking about. 
Analyst: Only the muck removal I'm talking about. 
Shantanu Roy: This is the cutter suction dredger. So basically, the muck has to be cut and then 
it has to be removed. So Disiltation is like that, and nobody in India manufactures. 
It's all 
imported either from Germany 
or from other countries. Then the next 
is the marine 
propulsion. The marine engines, okay, the entire fleet is currently imported. So it's again a 
7

long term proposition, and it will take some time to create a marine engine, Indian marine 
engine, and we don't want to reinvent the wheel. So we are trying for a tie up for technology, 
tie up with some foreign OEM in the marine engines. Apart from that, we are working on 
critical aggregates for the submarines as well. You see, there are 2 things. One is the criticality 
in terms of the operations. Number 2, the criticality in terms of the volume. So right now, 
| 
cannot comment on the volume. Our focus 
is on removing the challenges on account of 
imports. At the same time creating an ecosystem where we will then work on the volumes. 
Analyst: This is nice, so if 
| look at like 30,000. 
Shantanu Roy: You see, again, its different. Metro will be a different number. Let's say MRVC 
will be different number. LHB, will be a different number. 
If we export, it will be a different 
number. So on average, right now, I'm having order book of 930 cars. 
Analyst: When it comes to RRTS it will be different, much different, right? The numbers are 
already known. It's a 6.5crs for Metro car, so balance break up not available. 
Shantanu Roy: Correct. RRTS, 
| don't know the numbers right now. Projection is there? But 
per car number will be around, say, 8, 10 crores. More than that. If you take into consideration 
like maintenance, also, just multiply it by 2.04. 
If it is 35 years. MRVC, I've already given a 
number. I've given a number of around 30,000 crores. It will be around 30, 35 depends. It's all 
competitive business, correct, absolutely. We have to. Defence vertical will fire in this year, 
Armoured, and the 3rd is Engine. Because there are some emergency orders. We've already 
received some orders 
for the engines and there 
will 
be some more 
in 
the 
pipeline. 
Procurement for the engines are different. So in an ideal scenario, we could potentially touch 
more than 6,000 crores. The idea is that 20% increase should be pretty safe. 
| mean, we should 
do 20% more this year. If we are able to increase, 
| will be very happy, and all investors will be 
very happy. All all shareholders will be very happy. Then. You know, the EBITDA guidance will 
also get a positive impact and then we'll not bother even if the working capital goes up a little 
bit. It doesn't matter at all. 
Analyst: Can you hold one Investor meet every quarter. 
Shantanu Roy: 
One conference within December. We are having one in June now, one in 
December, in between also, as and when there 
is a request. 
| always, you know, have 
a 
conversation, either, virtually, and 
if somebody wants to come over to Bangalore most 
welcome. That's just something that we need to do. So 
if you want, we can do this on 
a 
quarterly basis. 
But generally, what happens 
is after every quarter, 
| 
have 
2, 
3 media 
interactions. 
Thank you
