 
ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
2nd Floor, Kumar Solitaire,  
S. No. 216B/218A/215A, 
Near Aga Khan Palace, Shastri Nagar, 
Nagar Road, Pune-411 006 (M.S.), India 
Tel: +91-20-68284200 
Fax: +91-20-26680894 
Website: www.endurancegroup.com 
CIN No. L34102MH1999PLC123296 
 
 
23rd May, 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Code: 540153 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Code: ENDURANCE 
Sub.: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Company’s Q4 FY25 
financial results. 
Ref.: 
 
1. Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”). 
2. Intimation of telephonic / virtual meeting with Analysts / 
Institutional Investors dated 29th April, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation of the referred intimation and Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 16th May, 2025 in respect of the 
Company’s Q4 FY25 financial results. 
 
The transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.endurancegroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/2025-05-16-
Transcript-of-Earnings-Conference-Call.pdf 
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Endurance Technologies Limited 
 
 
Sunil Lalai 
Company Secretary and Executive Vice President – Legal 
Membership No.: A8078 
 
Encl.as above 
Sunil 
Naresh Lalai
Digitally signed by 
Sunil Naresh Lalai 
Date: 2025.05.23 
18:47:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
Endurance Technologies Limited Q4 and FY 25 
Earnings Conference Call 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANURANG JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
MR. RAJENDRA ABHANGE – DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER, ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. MASSIMO VENUTI – DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ENDURANCE OVERSEAS, 
ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
MR. R. S. RAJA GOPAL SASTRY – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED  
MR. RAJ MUNDRA – TREASURER & HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISHIT JALAN – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Endurance Technologies Limited Q4 and FY 
25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Thank you, Manav. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Q4 FY 25 Post-Results Conference 
Call of Endurance Technologies.  
We are pleased to host the Management Team. We have with us today, Mr. Anurang Jain – 
Managing Director, Mr. Massimo Venuti – Director & CEO, Endurance Overseas, Mr. Rajendra 
Abhange – Director & COO, Mr. Raja Gopal Sastry – Group CFO and Mr. Raj Mundra – 
Treasurer and Head Investor Relations.  
I will hand over the call to Mr. Anurang for the opening remarks, post which we will have the 
Q&A. Over to you, Mr. Anurang. 
Anurang Jain: 
Thanks a lot. Good morning to everyone.  
 
I would like to say that India's economic landscape remains strong, in spite of tariff wars 
threatening global trade and the recent situation in the subcontinent. As we observe the broader 
economic environment, GDP growth for FY 25 is estimated at 6.5%, lower than the 9.2% 
recorded in the previous fiscal. The index of industrial production grew at an estimated 4.1%. In 
FY 25, average inflation stood at 4.6%. Moderating inflation coupled with higher capital 
expenditure proposals in the Union Budget this year is expected to spur consumption and 
investment.  
 
As per the recent Economic Times article dated 5th May 2025, two-wheeler OEMs expect sales 
this year to test the pre-COVID peak, hoping that lower EMIs due to cut-in interest rates, higher 
disposable income due to income tax reforms, will encourage the middle class to spend on two 
wheelers.  
 
Also, as per the SIAM report, forecasts for a favorable monsoon helping rural areas, strong 
replacement demand, and government support for purchase of electric vehicles would be factors 
for growth of two-wheelers in this financial year.  The passenger vehicle sales from India during 
Q4 FY 25 grew by 4.1% year-on-year and commercial vehicles witnessed a 4.6% growth, while 
three-wheelers grew 9.1% as compared to Q4 of the previous year.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Two-wheeler sales reached 5.7 million units in Q 4 FY 25, up 5.3% year-on-year driven by 
scooters at 10.9% and motorcycles at 3.3% growth.  
 
In our standalone financials for the quarter, Endurance has seen a total income Q 4 FY 25 year-
on-year growth of 8.4%.  
 
In the European Union, new car sales saw year-on-year drop of 1.9% in Q4 FY 25, while our 
Endurance Europe total income growth was significantly higher at 17%. In the Q4 FY 25 
industry volumes, there was a 15.2% share for battery electric vehicles, 7.6% for plug-in hybrids 
and 35.5% for hybrids.  
 
While our India business is fairly insulated from U.S. markets, certain components made by 
European plants do find a way into the U.S., particularly components for the higher segment 
cars. We await clarity on the U.S. duty structure, and it also remains to be seen if duty changes 
would drive consumer preference away from niche European models.  
 
Having spoken about the macros, I will now tell you about certain steps which we have taken at 
ETL:  
 
1. 
We are setting up a state-of-the-art lithium-ion Battery Pack manufacturing plant near 
Pune to address the rapidly growing market demand for electric vehicles and 
renewable energy storage systems. The new facility will leverage our in-house 
developed battery technology, and also Maxwell's expertise in Battery Management 
System to make superior quality battery packs.   
 
Happy to inform you that in April 25, we have won an order of Rs. 3 billion per annum 
from a large OEM for their e-scooter. Our offering has the advantage of better thermal 
stability, improved lifespan and safety, and caters to requirements for Indian climate 
and road conditions. We are beginning with a small investment. Our unit is modular 
and automated, thereby leading to an ease of capacity addition, and better cost 
management.  
 
We are focused on not only two-wheeler, 3W and four wheeler programs, but also for 
supplies of battery packs to high-potential non-automotive sectors such as telecom, 
battery energy storage systems, and inverters. The SOP is planned in January 2026.  
 
2. 
Our 2022 agreement for the acquisition of Maxwell Energy had an upfront payment 
of 51% shares with a plan to buy balance 49% based on a consideration linked to the 
financial performance of Maxwell. As of 31st March 2025, the Company had 
purchased a total of 61.5% of the shares in Maxwell.  
 
 
Based on the minority shareholder's request for an accelerated sale of the balance 
38.5% stake, the Company considered the strategic advantages of early total control 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
and agreed to buy the same for a consideration of Rs. 75 million. As a result of this 
agreement, the Company had to reverse the liability recorded in the consolidated 
financials against the estimated price for the balance shares to the extent of Rs. 913 
million in Q4 FY 25.  
 
 
Further, the independent Big 4 valuer retained by us to evaluate the goodwill 
pertaining to Maxwell advised a scenario, where margins in new age automotive 
products may normalize in the long run, which the Company accepted, applying 
conservative accounting principles. This led to lowering the value of goodwill 
pertaining to Maxwell by Rs. 582 million.  
 
 
I would like to mention that our outlook on Maxwell's business and the overall electric 
and electronic business comprising battery packs, anti-lock braking systems, 
electronically controlled suspension systems, and other assemblies on our surface 
mounted technology lines is stronger than ever, auguring well for the profitable growth 
of the Company.  
 
 
3. 
I informed you last quarter about the acquisition of Stöferle entities in Germany, where 
we required statutory approvals. We have completed the acquisition of the 60% stake 
and will acquire the remaining 40% over 5 years as per the Share Purchase Agreement.  
 
The addition of these two Stöferle plants in Germany enhances our manufacturing 
capabilities and takes our total number of plants in Europe to 14. We have already 
begun to add new orders in this business. As mentioned earlier, from April 2025, 
Stöferle financials will be consolidated in the Endurance group financials. 
 
 
4. 
You may have noted our recent announcement of receiving the eligibility certificate 
for incentives totaling Rs. 6.06 billion under the Maharashtra PSI 2019 scheme. In 
earlier calls, we had mentioned that our eligibility amount would be significantly 
higher than under the 2013 scheme, where we had an eligibility of Rs. 4.46 billion. 
Under the 2013 scheme, Rs. 4.37 billion income has been accounted till FY 25, and 
Rs. 2.9 billion cash has been received.   
 
5. 
Our G45 Waluj R&D facility for  two, three and four -wheeler suspensions will be 
fully operational in a month, marking a significant milestone in our innovation 
journey. This state-of-the-art facility helps us to co-create advanced suspension 
solutions with OEMs, further solidifying our leadership in two-wheeler, three-wheeler 
technology and supporting our growth in the four-wheeler segment.   
 
You will recall that we have a technical assistance agreement with a leading Korean 
player which will help us access four-wheeler suspensions business. We have 
established promising contacts with leading Indian and global passenger car OEMs 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
for this business.   
 
Faster growth in the 4-wheeler segment is our key focus. Through our internal process 
and product technology strengths, technical collaborations and merger & acquisitions, 
we aim to grow our presence in the 4-wheeler aluminum casting and aluminum 
forgings, 4-wheeler suspensions, 4-wheeler brakes, 4-wheeler alloy wheels, 4-wheeler 
drive shafts as well as embedded electronics for the 4-wheelers. 
 
  
6. 
It gives us great pleasure to see the developments taking place at Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar, where our journey began. This includes the setting up of AURIC 
Bidkin and AURIC Shendra 10,000 acre industrial parks. The upcoming ring road 
which will connect AURIC Shendra to AURIC Bidkin areas where one each of our 
new plants is being set up in Q2 of this financial year. AURIC expansion by 
acquisition of a further 8,000 acres of industrial park land is testimony to the excellent 
industrial prospects of the region. Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar is becoming an EV 
capital with investments from large companies including Toyota, JSW and Ather 
amongst others.  
 
 
a. 
At our AURIC Shendra four-wheeler casting plant, the SOP is from September 2025. 
I had mentioned to you about having one business from Valeo, where our products 
will be part of assemblies going into Mahindra EV platforms. Further, we have secured 
export business from two global U.S. and European OEMs which I cannot name now. 
I would like to clarify that these are new OEMs not served by our European plants. 
These parts are for premium cars for EVs. Both these businesses will start in this 
financial year. The total order book for the AURIC Shendra plant stands at Rs. 2.75 
billion per annum.   
 
b. 
The new 2-wheeler alloy wheel plant at AURIC Bidkin is gearing up for SOP in Q2 
of FY 26. This plant will have a capacity of 3.6 million wheels per annum. We have 
firm requirements from multiple OEMs for the same.  
 
Let me now give you a gist of orders won during FY 25. Please note that the business value from 
these new orders are without including orders from Bajaj Auto: 
The overall orders won in FY 25 in India business was Rs. 11.99 billion, of which Rs. 10.82 
billion is new business, and the remaining is replacement business.  
 
Key customers in this list of FY 25 orders are two-wheeler OEMs, such as Honda, Royal Enfield, 
Hero MotoCorp, and Ather Energy. Among key four-wheeler orders are Valeo, Yazaki, Tata 
Motors, and the two large U.S. and European OEM orders which we have got at AURIC 
Shendra. 34% of this FY 25 order booking of Rs. 4.11 billion of orders are for four -wheeler end 
use, and 37% of this FY 25 orders or Rs. 4.39 billion, are for the electric-vehicle segment.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
The cumulative India business orders for the electric vehicle segment since FY 22 stands at Rs. 
8.35 billion. And, if I have to include Bajaj Auto orders, this figure crosses Rs. 10 billion per 
annum.  
 
Out of the total orders worth Rs. 46.92 billion won since FY 21, Rs. 37.34 billion is new business 
and Rs. 9.58 billion is replacement business. Of this 37.34 billion new business, close to Rs. 14 
billion has seen SOP in FY 25, and the further Rs. 10 billion is expected in this year. The rest of 
the business will be realized in FY 27 and FY 28.  
 
In the standalone business, we are actively quoting and pursuing requests for quotation for an 
annual sale of Rs. 34 billion from various OEM clients other than Bajaj and across all our product 
segments. This also includes a significant percentage of electric 4-wheeler OEM customers.  
 
In our Europe business, we have booked orders worth €40.2 million during the year. This 
includes a machining order of €5.2 million from BMW in our Stöferle plants. Other large orders 
during the year are from Volkswagen, and indirect business for Rolls-Royce and Jaguar Land 
Rover. Also, we have won non-auto business in the pumps and electric electronic component 
space.  
In our subsidiary, Maxwell Energy, we have won cumulative orders to the extent of Rs. 2.5 
billion. This value is after removing business from those customers who have seen headwinds 
such as a sharp fall in market share. Maxwell is pursuing leads at present of Rs. 2.6 billion.  
 
Now I will speak to you on our existing product segments in India: 
Starting with Suspension: I just spoke about the new G45 suspension R&D and our 4-wheeler 
focus. Talks with leading OEMs are underway, regarding shock absorber requirements, and with 
one leading OEM for LCVs and MCVs, and we hope to conclude this order soon.  
 
In FY 25, we have won Suspension orders to the tune of Rs. 2,351 million per annum of peak 
annual sales. These are from various OEMs and for their various platforms. While some of these 
orders will require capacity being added or de-bottling, we are also seeing order intake which 
would improve existing use of capacity and drive our goal of asset sweating.  
 
At our Narsapura plant in Karnataka, we have planned an 80% year-on-year increase in sales in 
this year, with new business getting started with Honda, TVS, and Ather. New orders won in Q4 
include Royal Enfield, Hero MotoCorp and Honda.  
 
The Hero MotoCorp order includes inverted front forks for the Harley-Davidson bikes, with 
SOP planned in Q3 FY 26. And the SOP for the TVS inverted front forks has already started in 
April 2025. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
We have also won new orders for inverted front forks and mono-shocks from a leading China 
based 2-wheeler company; with phased SOP planned in H1 of this financial year. This part has 
special features, including tension and rebound adjustments.  
 
Post the court-monitored restructuring scheme, the KTM Austria entities have again given their 
firm order schedule to us. We expect to start supplies of inverted front forks and rear mono-
shocks in a small way from June of this year, which is next month.  
 
In the non-auto suspension space, we are in the final stages of developing Solar Dampers, for a 
Spanish client.  
 
In the Braking segment, we have won Rs. 2,366 million per annum of new orders in FY 25 from 
multiple OEMs. In the previous quarter, I mentioned our brakes range is from 100cc to 800cc 2-
wheeler platforms. We have now started the development of brakes for a 990cc motorcycle, for 
a key OEM client.  
 
We have also won the much-awaited twin-channel ABS orders from two OEMs. Trial lots have 
begun with SOP planned for Q2 of this financial year. We are assembling the electronic control 
units in-house, at our ABS plant at Waluj. Further backward integration is possible, and we wish 
to manufacture the printed circuit boards for the electronic control units, on our surface mounted 
technology line at Waluj.  
 
We are already the leader in two-wheeler Disc Brake market share and plan to further expand, 
for which a new building at our E-71 second brakes plant is close to completion. Braking too is 
an area where we wish to serve 4-wheeler OEMs, and we hope to conclude this business soon 
with a leading four-wheeler OEM.  
Coming to Transmission: In the previous quarter, I spoke of new clutch orders from Hero 
MotoCorp and Royal Enfield, that have enabled us to increase the annual sales of 1 million more 
clutch assemblies and increase sales value by more than Rs. 1,000 million per annum. These 
orders will see SOP in May and July respectively and will peak in Q4 of this financial year. And 
for this, an expansion has already been completed. 
 
In Driveshafts, we have won business from three 3-wheeler OEMs and now from a leading 4-
wheeler OEM. We are working with these OEMs, as well as others for more business across 
passenger and goods segments. With current capacities and increased volumes, we would invest 
this year in augmenting our capacity, to produce higher volumes of driveshafts for both 3-
wheelers and 4-wheelers.  
 
In our Aluminum Castings business, we have won orders in FY 25 to the tune of Rs. 6.1 billion 
during the year. These orders are across 2-wheeler, 4-wheeler, and non-automotive business, 
and also for ICE as well as the electric vehicle business. I have already spoken earlier about the 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Rs. 2.75 billion AURIC Shendra orders which we have won. Non-auto orders include also the 
generator end use.  
 
Casting volumes from Ather Energy, from our Vallam plant are expected to double in Q2 FY 
26, and new machining assets are being installed for this purpose. For large 4-wheeler castings, 
our new investments both in Shendra and Chakan include high level of automation.  
 
At Chakan, we have a fully automated machining line, with no human intervention from start to 
end. Also, we have upgraded four die casting cells with full automation. At AURIC Shendra, we 
have used the services of our new European subsidiary Ingenia, which we acquired last year, to 
assist on the automation.  
 
Coming to our Aluminum Forging business, we have added another forging press in Q4 FY 25, 
taking the total to 4. Because of increased volume and demand, more presses will be added next 
year. Therefore, we are in the process to move our existing Aluminum Forging plant to a more 
spacious location at Waluj and start production in this new plant by Q4 of this financial year. 
The work has already started.  
 
In the new plant, we have Aluminum Forging orders from Hero MotoCorp. This is in addition 
to our own captive requirement for inverted front forks, and also for a 4-wheeler export order 
from Jaguar Land Rover.  
 
At our subsidiary Maxwell, we have redesigned the Battery Management System for Hero 
MotoCorp, helping us improve our product profitability and offer a cost advantage to the OEM. 
These steps demonstrate our prowess in embedded electronics. Apart from the Battery 
Management System, we have booked business for Motor Controller Units and in the Internet 
of Things segment. And SOP is in October 2025, and January 2026 respectively.  
 
Further, there are other products at an advanced stage of development. Our focus is to keep 
increasing our profitable sales at Maxwell.  
 
In the Indian Aftermarket business, we continue to progress on execution of our domestic 
strategy, which would lead us to a strong growth. As informed in the previous call, we have 
begun to implement a two-year strategy with a global consultancy firm, where we have 
revamped our distributor policy, introduced new value-add products, and enhanced our focus on 
expanding regional market share.  
 
During FY 25, we have achieved 29% growth in the aftermarket exports. We have launched a 
new plan targeting additional markets with products yet not supplied to the Indian market.  
 
Our value-add products portfolio now contributes over 14% to our aftermarket sales. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Coming to our financial performance, the information has already been uploaded at the stock 
exchanges last evening, along with a presentation explaining the numbers. I will, however, 
highlight some key numbers. During FY 25, the Company recorded a standalone total income 
of Rs. 89.1 billion, a growth of 12.5% over FY 24. Consolidated total income was Rs. 116.8 
billion, which is a growth of 13.1%.  
 
The Company recorded a profit after tax of Rs. 6.79 billion, and Rs. 8.36 billion in the standalone 
and consolidated books.  
 
It is important to note that our European Companies have defied many odds to post an impressive 
year-on-year growth of 15.4% in FY 25, and a growth of 20.9% in FY 25 EBITDA.  
 
During Q4 FY 25, the Company turned in a total income of Rs. 22.7 billion for the standalone 
Company, and Rs. 29.98 billion for the consolidated Company. This translates to a year-on-year 
growth of 8.4% and 10.6% respectively. The Company earned a profit after tax of Rs. 1.74 
billion, and Rs. 2.45 billion for the standalone and consolidated Company.  
 
In Q4, our European business recorded a top-line growth of 17% and an EBITDA growth of 
21.2%.  
 
I would also like to mention specifically, that our consolidated earnings per share has more than 
doubled from our IPO year, which was FY 17 to FY 25 from Rs. 23.48 to Rs. 59.46.  
 
At Endurance, our people remain central to our growth. We continue to drive strategic workforce 
planning with women now comprising 8% of our hiring, reflecting ongoing commitment to 
diversity with a target to take female population to 10% and 15% for our blue and white-collar 
employees by 2030.  
 
We have undertaken specific projects with a focus on enhancing employee experience & care & 
well-being of them at ETL, focusing on an inclusive work culture, focusing on best-in-class HR 
policies and building up talent by helping upgrading, focusing on skills and capabilities and 
leadership potential of our people.  
 
On the sustainability front, we continue to advance our commitment to sustainability and 
community impact. This year, we made significant progress towards our ambitious sustainability 
goals for FY 30. We achieved a 45% carbon neutral percentage. We lowered specific electrical, 
thermal energy as well as specific water consumption, while water recycling and hazardous 
waste recycling stands at 96% each.  
 
We also enhanced our renewable power share from 23% in FY 24, to 25.2% in FY 25 through 
expanded rooftop solar and wind power agreements. We contributed 300,000 kl of water through 
water augmentation projects. Six of our plants completed zero waste to landfill assessments with 
platinum ratings in third-party assessment.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Education, Health & Sanitation, Environment, and Livelihoods continue to be at the core of our 
CSR focus. Through Sevak Trust, which is our CSR arm, we have transformed 54 schools with 
solar energy and hygiene focused facilities, thereby enhancing attendance and outcomes, while 
training over 900 adolescent girls in health and skills.  
 
With sustainable agriculture training, our farmer empowerment program has helped over 4,000 
people. And our ECoVE, Vocational Training Centre in Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar, has 
imparted vocational training to 1,900 youth, securing over 75% employment.  
 
Our health work has reached 42 villages, serving 17,000 people, and we have built 2,300 toilets 
to improve sanitation. Our Vet van program too has been successful in providing treatment to 
40,000 animals in 47 villages.  
 
This year we have started with one village, by creating a green energy village by providing 
rooftop solar energy units to 100% of households, promoting sustainable energy access.  
Endurance continues to earn accolades from its OEM customers as well as industry forums. 
Some of the key awards and recognitions in this financial year were:   
o 
Making it to the 2024 DET Hurun India Manufacturing 400 list, compiled by the 
Dubai Department of Economy and Tourism, in partnership with Hurun India.  
o 
Winning the Innovation Award at the Mahindra Vendor Meet. 
o 
Ranking 32nd among Fortune India's future-ready workplaces. 
o 
Getting the Ford Q1 certification for our casting and machining plant at Chakan. 
o 
Winning platinum & gold awards for our two brake plants at Waluj at the Bajaj Auto 
Vendor Meet. 
o 
The CII Intellectual IP award 2024 and the ASSOCHAM IP Excellence Award.  
 
With these opening remarks now, I would like to invite questions from all of you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, good morning. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. My 
first question is on our Lithium-Ion battery pack assembly. Can you throw some more light on 
it in terms of any commitment from any OEM? Sir, did you mention about the 3 billion order 
win for e-scooter pack? Can you just throw some light on the margin profile of this business as 
compared to the main business? And do you expect that the ramp-up in Maxwell could accelerate 
because we are providing more value-added service?  
Anurang Jain: 
I will not be able to talk about the margin, as this is sensitive information. But yes, we won a 3 
billion order from a leading 2-wheeler EV OEM. This was in April, and definitely this is going 
to be a huge growth opportunity, not only for two, three, & four-wheelers end use, but also for 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
other industries like telecom, inverters, battery energy storage systems. And we are very excited, 
it's a forward integration with our own technology from Maxwell because as you know, the 
battery management system is the heart of a battery pack.  
 
I would also request Mr. Pranit Parekar, who is from our senior management team and a key 
person for our battery pack plant to explain further on this. He can throw light on what we are 
doing at the battery pack plant. 
Pranit Parekar: 
We are setting up Plant 1 with two different lines, which are fully automated. One line will be 
used for cylindrical type of cells, which will be starting from 18650. It can accommodate up to 
46120, or even 46133. And the second line will be making packs on the prismatic cells, which 
will be starting from 50Ah prismatic cells to 675Ah prismatic cell. It is also designed for making 
packs for 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler, 4-wheeler as well as battery energy storage systems, UPS and 
telecom battery packs.  
 
The line is already getting installed with AGVs, and it is capable of handling low voltage as well 
as high voltage battery packs. The technology that is being used, it's basically an IP-led 
technology. The battery is completely designed and developed in-house by Endurance.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
You mentioned, about another Rs. 300 crore order win on e-4-wheeler application from 
international customers. So, Valeo and Yazaki, you called out specifically. Can you talk a little 
bit about what are the products that we are doing for all four of them and which market we plan 
to supply and little bit more color on the new U.S. and EU OEM? 
Anurang Jain: 
See, three of the customers which are Valeo and the two other OEMs which I cannot name, but 
they are leading global OEMs in the world. These are products mainly for EVs. And these are 
castings like end caps. I cannot mention all these names. These are castings required for EVs, 
very key parts. When the plant is ready to start in September, you all can come and see the plant 
in AURIC Shendra at Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar. But you can say that most of these orders are 
for EV platform. Valeo, as I mentioned, is for Mahindra, and functionally extremely important, 
and it’s a huge opportunity. Let me just tell you, the margins here are much higher. I want to just 
put this on record. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sure, so these would be exported to U.S. and Europe, right?  
Anurang Jain: 
Well, some would be for India, like I said Mahindra, but the other two will be exported. And 
these customers are not those customers which our European operations are supplying to. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
If you can give us a little bit of a update on the 4-wheeler suspension, the technical tie-up that 
we have done, how has been the customer engagement, any timeline of commercialization, any 
indication on what kind of customers we are talking to, any further update on it? 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Anurang Jain: 
I will start, and I will ask Mr. Rajendra Abhange, our Director & COO, to speak further. These 
are all the leading OEMs in India, I would just say that for the time being that we very closely 
engage with them, and as we speak, plant audits have already happened. So, we are at a very 
advanced stage, but I will request Mr. Abhange to speak on this. 
Rajendra Abhange: 
Suspension, is one of the most critical parts for vehicle dynamics, and also for the safety of a 
passenger vehicle. Our tie up with this company, which is already explained, is one of the leading 
players of suspension manufacturing, which has delivered over 10 crore shock absorbers all over 
the world and is a highly experienced company. We joined hands with them sometime in January 
this year. When we approached the OEMs, they were excited about our association with this 
company, looking into their profile, and their product lines.  
There are not many players in this space in India, because these products are not easy to handle 
by the tier-1 companies. And therefore, there is a huge traction from most of the OEMs. 
Wherever we have gone, they have welcomed us, and they have actually told us to speed up the 
development process of these products. So, as you know, this suspension development takes a 
long time. It has to undergo a lot of vehicle and durability tests. Currently we have 3 programs 
in discussion, and most of them are going to be very crucial projects. The development time, 
could be anywhere between 8-12 months. During this period, we will also decide the location of 
the plant, as it will require a greenfield facility.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Question for Massimo- A fantastic delivery in FY 25 considering the backdrop of Europe. If you 
can give us some sense, then how should we expect overall industry in FY 26? And what are the 
big order wins that might come for execution? And what is the growth expected of Endurance 
European business in FY 26? 
Massimo Venuti: 
The situation in Europe for the next financial year is difficult to predict because of ongoing 
instability from various factors, including recent tariff escalations. In Q4 FY 25 (January–March 
2025), new car registrations in the European Union dropped by 1.9% year-on-year, and 
according to S&P Global Mobility, production of new light vehicles in Europe is expected to 
decline by over 2% in the 2025 calendar year. 
Despite these market challenges, we expect Endurance’s European business to grow. The 
acquisition of Stöferle that has added €80 million to our revenue, our past performance, and 
recent business wins, will be the key drivers of our growth. We expect to continue  
outperforming the industry. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, firstly on the Suspension 
side, you mentioned about the first order for Solar Damper assembly. I just want to understand 
the size of the order, and what is driving the opportunity in this space, sir? 
Rajendra Abhange: 
As you know, we always aspire to diversify our business out of 2-wheeler. One of the area is 4-
wheeler, which we already spoke about. But we are also exploring areas which are non-auto. 
And one of the success stories is that we are getting into the racking system for the solar panels, 
which is a very high-tech kind of a system that requires to manoeuvre the solar panels during 
the day, and it has to work according to the direction of the sun. So we are going to produce this 
entire racking system. The technology that we applied is from our knowledge of automotive 
engineering. It is an extension of what we already know, so it's not very difficult for us. So, no 
collaboration is needed. The company that approached us is a Spanish company, which is world's 
third largest solar panel system supplier. It's a global company and all the audits have happened, 
and we are expecting the commercial production to start in the next quarter from one of our 
plants for supply to India, Saudi Arabia, and to the United States. So these three areas we will 
be supplying. On the question about technology, when you speak about what is different than 
automotive is that these products are, from the size perspective, they are very big, very long, 
more than the height of a human. And they have to operate in the field for nearly 25 years, 
without any substantial maintenance. So, we have validated our products, in our labs, with all 
kinds of tests, according to the customer specifications. All the machinery is getting into place, 
and the commercial supplies will start within next 2 to 3 months' time. If you ask about the 
potential, the potential is enormous. But we are going to start in a small way, I would say between 
Rs. 25 to Rs. 50 crores to begin with. But the potential is to get to over Rs. 500 to Rs. 1000 crores 
business. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
The AURIC plant, I just want to understand how will this ramp up of Rs. 275 crore order would 
happen ? 
Anurang Jain: 
The peak of this Rs. 275 crores will reach in FY 27. But as we speak, we are also in touch with 
other customers to take more orders. And the customers are also in a real hurry to get the supply 
started. In fact, one of the customers was there last evening at AURIC Shendra, they have done 
the audit and are quite happy. The trial lots already have started, only that mass production is in 
September. We are already supplying smaller lots. And, as you know that this has a special 
process also, which is first time in India. It's a surface treatment process. So, the potential is 
enormous, but we are going to go step by step. We are very excited about this, and maybe after 
September 2025, we can invite all of you to come and see the plant. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
On the alloy wheel business, this space is seeing a very strong growth led by import substitution. 
Also, we are seeing that increasing number of players who are entering this space. I just want to 
understand how this business margins or the ROCE stand versus how the Company currently 
does? 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Anurang Jain: 
Our focus is to see that the margins are in line with the Company. That's our target. And we have 
made a lot of effort based on the product mix and the operational efficiency, to see that we are 
able to do it. We have gone in for more automation, which requires less dependence on people, 
which you will see once the plant will start. We are making our full efforts; we have learnt from 
our experience and seeing that the margins are in line with what we make in the Company. As 
far as this space is concerned, we are aware of the competition. So, when we take new orders for 
these alloy wheels, we have full clarity from customers about the competition and their share of 
business, there is no doubt about that. There may be a number of players, I agree with you, but 
as far as we are concerned, we have a clear-cut sight of our share of business and volumes, 
subject to the customers doing those volumes. So, if they do more, we get a higher volume, and 
vice versa. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
So no major margin pressure it would be fair to say sir? 
Anurang Jain: 
I have always said in the past that price, of course, is very important, but it is dictated by the 
competition. It is also important to execute your operational strategy to make money- whether 
it's your raw material purchases, whether it's your operational efficiencies in the plant, your 
manpower cost. So it's up to you, what is the kind of model which you run? And building on 
these strengths is what Endurance has done for the last 30 years. Price, of course, is very 
important, but it’s just not the price. It is a strategy which we have followed both in Europe and 
India, which makes us a bit different from most others. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
On the PSI incentive, the annual number should be around Rs. 870 million and just wanted to 
check this Rs. 380 million for this quarter, did you include any earlier quarter number as the 
schemes started from second half? And just in that Rs. 870 million annual number, will be going 
ahead will be uniformly spread across the quarters or there would be bunch up in the few 
quarters? 
Raja Gopal Sastry: 
We did book a total of Rs. 38 crores in Q4, and because, we got the eligibility certificate under 
2019 scheme, effective 1st of October, the number is slightly more than the average. The total 
eligibility certificate received by us was Rs. 606 crores, and we are expecting that in the year, it 
should be anywhere in the range of Rs. 65 to Rs. 70 crores, we should be able to book 75 also. 
Generally, this is a function of the quantum of state GST which we are paying. And given the 
current run rate of how we are paying the state GST, we do expect that in the first 2 quarters, 
and a little bit in the third quarter, we should be booking that in each year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
This is with regard to the Battery Pack. Just wanted to understand what is the value add 
proportion you are planning in terms of the sales value, and what are these items?  
 
Second, what is it you are bringing onto the table in terms of designing battery pack as compared 
to established players in the system? 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Pranit Parekar: 
There are a lot of technologies that we are bringing on table from Endurance side. For the 
uniqueness of a temperature monitoring system, there are multiple patents which are going to be 
filed, some of them are getting applied also. CCS, which actually does the cell-to-cell contact 
system, is a unique technology, which allows the connections to happen properly with the 
register mapping algorithm and also allows a very high rate of thermal discharge from the cell 
to the enclosure. 
These battery packs are very uniquely designed with specific technology that makes it a wire-
free battery pack. We do not use wires to connect the cells, or even voltage sensing lines, or 
temperature sensing lines. Everything is wireless, done through a unique IP-led technology. The 
enclosure design is also unique, in a way that it allows the thermal propagation or the thermal 
transfer at more than 5 watts per meter-Kelvin. I know the industry has bigger players in battery 
industry, but the large unmet need of high quality robustly engineered battery systems is 
encouraging Endurance, to bring in-house fully developed IP led battery design. There is a huge 
demand for high quality robustly designed battery packs. Endurance is making batteries that will 
work for more than 10 years, without having a maintenance to it, and keeping the R&D on 
continuous path, for making it ready, for next generation battery packs. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Thanks for that explanation and can you give some color in terms of what's a value add as a 
proportion of the sales value because there's a lot of bought out in terms of sales and all, right? 
Anurang Jain: 
Value add we cannot tell you, but we can give you, the price range which can go from 25,000 to 
45,000. Let Pranit answer, what is the normal range for 2-wheelers, 4-wheelers? 
Pranit Parekar: 
For two-wheeler battery packs, which start from, Rs. 15,000 a kilowatt, and it goes up to Rs. 
45,000 - 50,000 for packs like 4, 5, 6 kilowatts worth. And for 3 kilowatts, the major Indian 
market is on 5 kilowatts to 15 kilowatts, which starts from Rs. 30,000 to Rs. 1 lakh per battery 
pack. And if you ask me about the value add, it's basically the quality and a strategically 
developed supply chain, with good partners for cell supplies, as well as keeping it on very high 
level negotiations on the cell values and proposition for OEMs, so that the volumes which are 
increasing in India, will be supported by Endurance. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure. And the cells, you will procure them, or the OEM will approve it and you will be just 
procuring from those sources? How does it work? 
Pranit Parekar: 
We will be designing the pack. There are 2 ways to do the battery pack: one is basically built-
to-print and the second is basically built-to-spec. The orders which we are right now getting are 
built to spec, so that the design and the cell selection, as well as our proprietary BMS is basically 
selected by Endurance.  
We have strategic tie-ups with cell manufacturers from China, South Korea, Japan as well. We 
are also talking to the companies which will be making cells in India. We are very aggressive in 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
having a supply chain managed in such a way that we should give a very big advantage in terms 
of costing to our OEM partners. 
Pramod Amthe: 
With regard to KTM supplies, considering that KTM itself is going through a restructuring, you 
have any direct exposure there and how do you look, do you have to make a provision there per 
se or not expect? 
Anurang Jain: 
In fact, we have already made a provision of Rs. 5.3 crores in Q4 FY 25. Going forward, we are 
not worried because as far as the assets are concerned, if something goes wrong, they are very 
flexible, they can be used for other OEMs, we are not worried. Inventories also, it is not such a 
figure that we are alarmed about. But having received this first set of firm orders, we are quite 
confident that some good things will happen. So I think, we will be knowing this after 23rd of 
May, when the last court hearing is held. 
Pramod Amthe: 
With regard to the EV Castings. As you disclose the name of Valeo, which seems to be in the e-
axles or transmissions of the EVs. So you're making more inroads into EV axles? Is that fair 
understanding on castings? 
Anurang Jain: 
It's not only axles, but also other Casting products. Because for the other 2 customers, it is other 
Castings. It is not for e-axles, there's a huge range and this is really a very exciting opportunity. 
It's a new world we are entering, we are very strong on casting as you know- engineering, our 
own tool room, we are very strong there. 
Rajendra Abhange : 
It is not just the drivetrain products, it's also the other parts of the vehicle. Because in EV, 
aluminum content is very high. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Your key customer profile for FY 25, the big jump seems to be the VW Group per se, moving 
to emerge as the second largest for you. What has gone right for you to win there, and what's the 
headroom you expect there? Because it's a big entity to approach and there's a lot of headroom 
for you to grow there. So how are you looking at it as an opportunity? 
Massimo Venuti: 
Okay, now when we speak about Volkswagen Group, it is 25% of our total Europe turnover- we 
have 5% of Audi, 9% of Porsche, and the balance is other Volkswagen Group brands. Because 
as you know, we produce internal combustion engines, transmission components, and electric 
components for all the brands of Volkswagen, including Skoda. So, we are not worried about 
the situation for the future also, because we are speaking about our brand being very strong in 
the European market. For sure, at the moment, some brands are suffering from the China 
situation as Porsche & Audi, and from the duty in United States. But despite the reduction of 
registration compared to the previous year, we grew 60% with the Volkswagen Group due to the 
start of production of the business in the electric field that we acquired in the last 3 years. And 
we started in the previous financial year with this new business- the total amount is €17 million. 
Our expectation is to keep growing and we will grow in the next Financial Year as well. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citigroup. Please 
go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma: 
On the India business, what are your CAPEX plans for FY 26? And also given that there is so 
much CAPEX Endurance is doing on 4-wheelers and non-autos, what would be the broad 
direction impact on returns and margins?  
Raja Gopal Sastry: 
If you see our presentation, we have invested close to Rs. 611 crores in FY 25. And quite a few 
of them are growth and strategic projects which are still in their gestation period. So, there will 
be investments in FY 26 also to complete those projects, which are our AURIC Shendra, AURIC 
Bidkin and also certain investments for the Battery Pack which we have announced. I will not 
be able to give you the exact number, but it is going to be a significant number of CAPEX even 
in FY 26.  
As the Managing Director mentioned, quite a few of these projects are starting their start of 
production in the second half, and also the third, fourth quarter of this year. That would mean 
better revenue as we go forward, and given that quite a few order wins of about Rs. 3,500 crores 
of the past have seen the SOPs in FY 25, and also another 30% are seeing the start of production 
in FY 26. All these augurs well for our revenues, and also the bottom line in the coming year. 
All the investments we are making in the past will see some effect in FY 26, but definitely much 
bigger effects in FY 27, and going forward. 
Anurang Jain: 
Also, the product mix is improving.  
Arvind Sharma: 
For Europe, if you could just share the revenue and EBITDA, as well as a broad outlook for the 
European markets, including the Stöferle acquisition. 
Massimo Venuti: 
We closed the previous quarter with €80 million turnover, compared to €68.3 in the previous 
financial year with an increase of €11.7 million, means 17.1% of increase in terms of turnover. 
We closed the EBITDA with €14.7 million, which means 18.4% compared to €12.2 million of 
the previous financial year with an increase of 21.1%. In terms of net results, we closed with 4.8 
million, 5.9%, with an increase of 19.5%, compared to the previous year.  
 
 
Speaking about the total financial year, the Company closed for the first time with €304 million, 
with an increase of 15.5%, compared to the previous year. The EBITDA was €51.1 million, 
which means 16.8% in total financial year, more than 20% compared to the previous year. And 
the net result was €16.3 million, which means 5.4%, with an increase of 16.9% compared to the 
previous financial year.  
 
 
This quarter was, from my point of view, the best in the history of Endurance Overseas in terms 
of technology, and also in terms of profitability, because if I do adjustment of the energy costs 
and also the increase of the material cost, the EBITDA should have been more or less 19% or 
20%. So it's a very good performance and the expectation for the future months is to try to 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
May 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
maintain this performance. We are optimistic that we can maintain the profitability we have had 
in the previous financial year, and for sure improve the situation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aniruddha Mane from Standard 
Chartered Bank.  
Aniruddha: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. And congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had 
just one question to understand. Basically, at a consolidated level, what sort of revenues would 
be driven from the US markets which might get affected because of possible tariff implications? 
Anurang Jain: 
In India, we don't see anything. But for Europe, I can request Mr. Massimo Venuti to speak. As 
I mentioned in my opening remarks, there could be some of our products going into premium 
cars, which may be exported to the US.  
Massimo Venuti: 
We do not have direct sales towards US, so the effects are all indirect, for vehicles sold in US 
by European carmakers. A rough estimation of the effects on sales could be about 20/30 €/mn 
particularly for Porsche applications. 
  Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from line of Niril Parekh from Awirga Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Niril Parekh: 
I have two questions, both on the Europe geography. First one is with respect to the acquisition 
we did of Stöferle. It has 60% of its revenue where it is the sole supplier. For the last 3 years, 
based on my rough calculations, we were growing Europe geography sales at around 8%-10%. 
With this acquisition, and cross-sell opportunity for the next 3-5 years of the combined business, 
do you foresee a better high to mid-teen level of growth? 
Massimo Venuti: 
With the consolidation of Stöferle, our growth will have an immediate boost for its contribution 
to the consolidated revenues after we will track the market to try to perform better but it is still 
unpredictable. With large orders recently booked, we are expecting to grow faster than the 
market, even without Stöferle. 
Niril Parekh: 
Are we in active talks with any of the Chinese OEMs and have you received any SOP? 
Raj Mundra: 
So Niril, right now we do not have orders from Chinese OEMs, but yes there are some Chinese 
OEMs with whom we are in discussion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
