 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
(Formerly known as Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited) 
CIN: L27100MH1999PLC121285 
Corporate Office 
602 & 603 Amar Business Park, Baner Road, Pune - 411045, India 
Tel: +91 20 29804622 
Registered Office 
Suite F9D, Grand Hyatt Plaza (Lobby Level), Off Western Express Highway, Santacruz (E), Mumbai, India - 400055 
Tel: +91 22 62411031 I  Fax: +91 22 62411030  I  website : www.cie-india.com  I  Email: contact.investors@cie-india.com  
SEC/2025/52 
5th May, 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of CIE Automotive India Limited Q1 CY2025 Post Result Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our 
letter dated 23rd April, 2025 in respect of advance intimation in relation to Q1CY2025 Results Conference 
Call, please find enclosed herewith transcripts of the said call held on 30th April, 2025. 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company at the following weblink:  
https://www.cie-india.com/periodic-public-information8.html#Quarterly-Result-Calls-and-
Transcripts.   
Kindly acknowledge the receipt and take the same on the records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For CIE Automotive India Limited 
 
 
Pankaj V. Goyal 
Company Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer, 
and Head- Legal 
Membership No. F 13037 
      Encl: as above 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532756
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
 
NSE Scrip Code: CIEINDIA
PANKA
J VIJAY 
GOYAL
Digitally 
signed by 
PANKAJ VIJAY 
GOYAL 
Date: 
2025.05.05 
16:30:20 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“CIE Automotive India Limited's Q1 CY'25 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANDER ARENAZA - CEO, CIE AUTOMOTIVE 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. K. JAYAPRAKASH - CFO, CIE AUTOMOTIVE 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS SINHA - SENIOR VP (STRATEGY), CIE 
AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. OROITZ LAFUENTE - BUSINESS CONTROLLER, 
CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SWAPNIL SOUDAGAR - DGM (STRATEGY), CIE 
AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. VISHAKA MALIWAL - ICICI SECURITIES 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to CIE India's Q1 CY'25 Results Conference Call 
hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vishaka Maliwal from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Vishaka Maliwal: 
Thanks, Shruti. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks to CIE Automotive India Limited 
Management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. 
We have here in the call the senior management represented by Mr. Ander Arenaza – CEO; Mr. 
K. Jayaprakash – CFO; Mr. Vikas Sinha – Senior VP (Strategy); Mr. Oroitz Lafuente – Business 
Controller and Mr. Swapnil Soudagar – DGM (Strategy). 
Over to the management to take this ahead. Thank you. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Thanks, Vishaka. Good afternoon, everyone, and good morning to those who are joining from 
Europe. I welcome all of you on this call, as also Ander, our CEO. We are going to talk about 
CIE India results for Q1 C'25. 
At the outset, let me highlight a change in reporting we have made. On Page 4, we show the 
legal structure of CIE India. As can be seen, the Mexican business is now a subsidiary of CIE 
Galfor Europe. Thus, from this quarter, we are reporting the Mexican business numbers as part 
of European operations and not as part of Indian operations as was the case earlier. All 
comparable numbers from earlier quarters have been restated. 
We now start with Q1 C'25 results for the Indian operations on page 6. Sales grew by 3% to 
Rs.14,113 million as compared to Q1 C'24 in line with the weighted average market growth. 
Please note that steel prices have gone down reducing 3% of our turnover. This quarter there is 
a large discrepancy in market growth numbers reported for the light vehicle and truck segments 
as reported by IHS and SIAM. While we have traditionally used IHS in our reporting, we have 
presented both sets of numbers in the presentation. Nevertheless, we understand that the growth 
in the India business needs to be higher and we are taking actions to address this. 
In Q1 C'25, the EBITDA of the Indian operations was Rs. 2,628 million, EBIT Rs. 2,090 million 
and EBT Rs. 2,085 million. Thus, while sales grew by 3% year-on-year EBITDA, EBIT and 
EBT were largely flat. The one thing that we would like to highlight is the steady improvement 
in India margins in spite of the sluggish growth. The reported EBITDA margin in Q1 C'25 was 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
at 18.6 which includes a one-off mega subsidy benefit at the Zaheerabad plant of our stampings 
business. Without this one-off benefit the EBITDA margin would be 18%. This is higher than 
the operating EBITDA margin of 17.7% in Q1 C'24 and 17.1% in Q4 C'24. So both year-on-
year and sequentially. Please note that the reported EBITDA margin for India operations in 
Q1C'24 included a one-off subsidy at our aluminum castings business and this 17.7% that I have 
given you now is without that subsidy. 
We now move to CIE India Europe business results for Q1 C'25 on page 7. Sales were Rs. 7,849 
million, which represents a drop of 19% year-on-year compared to Q1C'24. This sales drop in 
Europe business is largely due to the slowdown in all segments we cater to. In this quarter, 
European light vehicle demand is down by 7%, MHCV by 19% and there is a continuing 
slowdown in the US off-highway market that Metalcastello caters to. Also, Q1 C'24 was a good 
quarter for sales in Europe and the Q1 C'25 numbers look much lower in comparison due to the 
base effect. The extent of the continuing sales drop in Europe can be seen by the sales number 
in the last few quarters. 
Sales in our European operations were Rs. 9,689 million in Q1 C'24, Rs. 8,375 million in Q2 
C'24, Rs. 6,650 million in Q3 C'24, Rs. 6,489 million in Q4 C'24 and Rs. 7,849 million in this 
quarter as we have reported. Of course, the Q3-Q4 sales numbers are normally lower. So 
sequentially there is an increase, but we have to remember that Q3 and Q4 due to the seasonal 
effects are normally lower. 
In Q1 C'25, the EBITDA in our European operations was Rs. 1,088 million, EBIT Rs. 761 
million and EBT Rs.646 million. That is an EBITDA margin of 14%, EBIT of 10% and EBT of 
8%. We are continuing to focus our efforts on maintaining our margins by adjusting our 
operations to the lower level of activity. The EBITDA margin in our European operations this 
quarter is 13.9%, the 14% that we said versus 15.5% in Q1 C'24 and 14.9% in Q4 C'24. This 
slight drop both year-on-year and sequentially is due to the decrease in sales as well as some 
costs incurred due to restructuring that we are doing. The pain in Europe is expected to continue 
for at least a couple of quarters more. 
And now if we go to page 8, we will see the consolidated results, which are a combination of 
the results in India and Europe. In Q1 C'25, CIE India achieved sales of Rs. 21,961 million, 
EBITDA of Rs. 3,716 million, EBIT of Rs. 2,852 million, and EBIT of Rs. 2,730 million or Rs. 
273 crores, while sales declined by 6% year-on-year, EBITDA declined 10%, EBIT 12% and 
EBT 10%. Consolidated numbers are depressed by the performance of our European operations, 
but we have continued to deliver on margins in spite of the drop in sales. If we eliminate the 
one-off effects, the consolidated EBITDA margin in Q1 C'25 is 16.7%, which is the same as in 
Q1 C'24. 
In closing, we would like to state that we are cognizant of the challenges in our business and are 
renewing our focus on growth in India business at the same time improving operational 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
excellence and cost structures to maintain our margins. We will continue to focus on growing 
with our customers to take advantage of all the opportunities that come our way. 
And with that, we can proceed to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Vikas, just a continuation to your statement on the India business, saying that we are cognizant 
of the numbers which came in and we are taking actions. If you can elaborate more on that, what 
is it that we are planning to do and how are we solving for this? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, you are talking about growth in India or like? 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes, growth in India, yes.  
Vikas Sinha: 
As far as the margins are concerned, of course, we are quite proud of what we have done on the 
margin front in India and in spite of that it is improving. So we have really, we are quite happy 
with the situation there. As far as the growth is concerned, yes, we are more or less in line with 
the market. We need to grow faster than the market. You know that is the question. As we have 
always highlighted, we are waiting for some of our orders to kick in. You know there have been 
some uncertainty all around. But in terms of specific what we are focusing on and of course it 
takes a bit of time to kick in. We are making sure that with our anchor customers we get more 
and more chances. The other orders we already have, as we have already said every year we 
have an order book, every calendar year we generate an order book anywhere close to between 
800 crores to 1000 crores. So the order book is there. It has always been in how that order book 
converts into sales. What we have observed is that this conversion is always better with anchor 
customers and therefore we have, along with the order book that is already there, we are focusing 
our attention on our anchor customers. So this is really how we are trying to rectify or bolster 
our situation as far as growth is concerned. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Yes, if you allow me because just one comment from my side, this is Ander speaking. This is 
regarding also the organization of our company. So we have reinforced the business 
development teams and we have had now a business development head for all the verticals. And 
we are using the synergies that we have in different verticals with all the customers. So we are 
now working on that. We see that we are already having certain success on this new commercial 
activity that we are deploying and one good sign of this new organization, and let's say the 
outcome of this new organization, is that in the first quarter of this year, in this Q1 25, our new 
orders allocation has been higher than our internal budget and our internal target. So we are 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
talking about Rs. 3.5 billion of new orders that we have already allocated. So this is another view 
of this growth strategy that we are now launching in our company. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. So sir, last call you made a statement that we have put up capacity, but lot of orders 
were getting delayed, be it CIE Hosur or aluminum casting, etc. Any signs of pickup there or 
that delay continues? 
Ander Arenaza: 
No, mainly the delay is coming from specific projects that we are having from electric vehicles. 
And as you are aware, the growth of the electric vehicles is not yet arrived as it's still a little bit 
behind the expectations and that's why those projects are not yet picking up. We expect that 
slowly and that's what all the indicators say that they will go ramping up in the next quarters. So 
that's our expectation but right now there are still certain delays and we have also some internal 
combustion engine projects from some customers that they are having difficulties launching their 
program, their internal programs. But they are telling us that we should be prepared because they 
are expecting to ramp up in a very short period of time. So overall, we say that we think that the 
new projects will come. The electric vehicles will come a little bit later. The rest of the projects 
that we are working on they will pick up, we hope that they will pick up soon. So we are quite 
optimistic on that front. We think that in India we should grow faster as Vikas said in his speech. 
And that's the expectation that we have. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. Just one out of curiosity. I mean, so usually in Indian OEMs we will have a couple of 
suppliers for any product that we supply. So for any of our division, I mean, you can take casting, 
stamping, forging. Would our pricing be in line with the peer who would be the second source 
or the third or we might be the second source? Is our pricing in line with what others do? And 
then this 18%-19% margin that we make is all a function of internal efficiencies? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, pricing would be in line, Pratik. We need to be competitive with our customers. In our 
business, there is no scope of charging a premium. So we are competitive. So most of our 
margins come from operating efficiencies. Ander, I will hand it to you because I'm sure you have 
much to say on this. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Yes. No, no, I fully agree. That was the answer I was going to give. I mean, the prices that we 
are offering to the market that we are getting from our customers are exactly the same than our 
peers. mean, of course, there are small variations in certain moments and in certain products we 
can be a little bit more competitive. So in certain products our competitors can beat us in pricing. 
But overall, the prices that we are offering to the market that we are getting are exactly the same 
than our competitors. Of course, our task is to be competitive and our source of competitiveness 
is our internal efficiency and let's say the best production processes that we are now trying to 
implement in our Indian plants. In all the verticals we are working with our European colleagues, 
we have people working with us and making the technology transfer and this is our main task. 
You have listened to me several times to talk about the efficiency because that's my main view 
of how we should work in India because generally speaking what I see yet is that our efficiencies 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
in our Indian companies are below our efficiencies in Europe or in Mexico for example. I think 
we have room for improvement and we are working on that. that's the task. Of course, now what 
we want to do is we want to get more efficiencies and offer these efficiencies to the customers 
to be more competitive and to gain more market share. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, Pratik, anything further? 
Moderator: 
The line for the current participant has dropped off. So we can go ahead with the next question. 
The next question is from the line of Nitish Rege from Chrys Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitish Rege: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is for Ander and for the India business, 
pertaining to India business. We have underperformed our peers over the past 6 quarters and 
what corrective actions are we planning to take specifically on getting the growth back? While 
there are negative surprises such as order delays, the part and parcel of our business, which can 
impact some business vertical, but overall growth has been impacted and why weren't other, let's 
say, stampings, forgings, growth in the other parts also impacted from this? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Nitish, Ander just answered Pratik, but I will summarize. There are two main things we are 
trying to do. One is of course, we have pointed out that we have no dearth of order. Our order 
book is very good. Last year also we did close to 1,000 crores in new order generation. This 
quarter has been exceptionally well as Ander pointed out, Rs. 3.5 billion. So there is no issues 
around order book. The issue has always been conversion of order book into actual sales where 
many projects are delayed, especially the ones that we had for exports to EVs that Ander has 
pointed out. Some of them are coming back slowly. There are some ICE projects also delayed. 
What we have noticed is that the order book to sales conversion is best for anchor customers. So 
our first plan of action has been to refocus on them and try and see if we can exploit all kinds of 
synergies with customers who are big with us. That's the first. And how are we doing it? Ander 
explained that we have just made a change in our organization as far as how business 
development is done. We have a new business development head, Kunal. And the focus is to get 
synergies with our existing customers, the bigger ones, as much as possible. And that's how we 
plan to go ahead. The last thing, Ander did mention that our source of competitive advantage is 
our operating efficiencies. And we will continue to focus on that because our firm belief is once 
your operating efficiencies are in place, you are competitive vis-à-vis your competitors and the 
growth will eventually return as long as you are competitive. So that's what we have been doing 
and that's what going forward is we are going to do. But the key thing is we are trying to refocus 
our attention on how business development is done and get as much synergy as possible in the 
organization. 
Nitish Rege: 
Yes. Okay. And secondly, any progress on M&A now that you are sitting on Rs. 1,300 crores to 
Rs. 1,400 crores of cash? 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Vikas Sinha: 
Nitish, you know that we keep working on M&A. At any given point of time, we are always 
looking at opportunities. But M&A we will publicly announce whenever we are at a stage where 
there is something to announce. But as I said M&A is an integral part of our strategy and we 
keep looking for M&A opportunities. Yes, we are aware that there is cash on our balance sheet 
and it's a good thing. The reason why we keep some cash is because we are a foreign owned, 
foreign operated company and therefore we cannot take debt for doing M&A activities in India 
and some question of cash is there for that purpose. Yes? 
Nitish Rege: 
Okay. Thank you. I will fall back in the queue if I have any more questions. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes. Thank you so much. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Shah from Asit C Mehta Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, Sir, you addressed right now for our last participant about growth 
related aspect. So, sir, I just want to understand first thing, the root cause that is the order book 
is not transmission into revenue, the execution delay or decision making delay? That's one thing. 
Sir, then I will go to my next question. Just make me understand about this thing, sir, first. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, sure. Look, most of it is program delays. It is not an execution problem from our side. Most 
of it is, for example, there have been some EV orders that we have for exports. Some of those 
EV orders, the project itself has been pushed back because, as you know, there has been a little 
bit of loss of momentum as far as the EVs are concerned across the world, not just in India, 
across the world. You are seeing that in Europe where the EV penetration is stagnating around 
12%-13% in the US also. is stagnating a little bit. Plus, even on normal orders, there have been 
a lot of uncertainties. Also, you see in India, the passenger car market, which was doing 
exceptionally well, has come down to in the range of 4%-5% growth, which it was going. Of 
course, some companies are growing much faster, including Mahindra, which is good for us. 
But most of this order book delay is due to program delays, not from our side. 
Devang Shah: 
If my understanding is correct, it's some kind of deferment by your client. So that's why it is 
being delayed, although you have been given an order book, but they're deferring because of 
some kind of their demand or some kind of thing is delayed. That's why sir. My understanding 
is correct sir? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Absolutely, your understanding is correct. 
Devang Shah: 
Sir, so then, what you perceive to be as far as demand environment as you already highlighted 
in the last quarter that we may see some kind of pick up in a second half in Euro and what as far 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
as India is concerned, so we may see some kind of growth trajectory is concerned because last 
year there was no negative we have seen. So what do you perceive sir? Anything you can see? 
Vikas Sinha: 
In India, we are seeing good traction in the tractor market. Two wheelers continue to do 
reasonably well. the base is now higher so the growth is... But it is a reasonable growth that is 
available. Passenger cars have fallen behind a little bit but still there is growth. So in India there 
are growth opportunities. It will keep coming back. It will come back. But as I said, our key 
thrust area is if you the order book is not turning into sales, can we get more orders, especially 
from our existing customers? And that is the reason why, so the strategy is simple. If my order 
book is not turning into sales the way I want it to be, let me go and get some more orders. And 
that you will get quickly only from customers that you know well. That's why, Ander did 
mention that the business development head has been tasked with exploiting these synergies. So 
that's about India. Now Europe is a very different story and Europe, the pain will continue for 
some time. So on Europe, I will ask Ander to give a more detailed answer. But before he gets 
into Europe, I will request Ander to talk about, why these orders have been delayed and it is 
more on the programs and not on our execution to assure everybody that it's not our execution 
that is the issue here. Ander? 
Ander Arenaza: 
Yes, absolutely. Absolutely, Vikas. Because I mean, reason of the delay of these programs is not 
on CIE. These delays are coming from two main reasons. One, the main reason is that most of 
these programs that we were expecting to launch were electric vehicles programs that have been 
delayed. Some of them we were expected to export to US and also now in the US, let say there 
is slowdown of the electrification is let's say stronger than in other regions. In Europe, the 
electrification is stagnant and the electric vehicles share is approximately 15%. So it is growing 
but just 1%-2%-3%, no more than that. It was expected to grow up to 25% a year and this will 
not happen. So this delay in the electrification is affecting us. This is one reason. Second reason, 
as Vikas explained, certain projects from big projects that we were awarded and we invested to 
start the SOP in beginning 2024 were delayed and they are now ramping up. We were expecting 
to sell, for example, for a particular engine, we were expecting to sell 20,000 sets per month and 
we are now still at Rs. 7,000-Rs. 8,000 sets per month. this is the situation. The customers are 
saying that in the next 2-3 months, they will ramp up to double the current output to 15,000 and 
then they will jump to 20,000 per month. So these are the kind of things that are happening. I 
would say that this is just a temporary slowdown that we have had. And in the meantime, we are 
working in new programs. We are working in the market to improve our market share or to add 
new programs to our portfolio. And that's the activity we are having. So in India, we are quite 
optimistic for the future. And I think that the company, generally speaking, is doing well. I know 
that this weaker sales than expected is creating certain concern but I think in the mid to long run, 
I think the company will succeed and we will continue growing and of course as in the previous 
question someone asked about the M&A activity, we are also working on the M&A activity. So 
our strategy is to grow in India, both organically and also inorganically. So the debt of CIE India 
is, let's say, I would say probably our main debt in all the companies. So in that sense, our 
shareholders can be sure that we will continue trying to grow and to develop the business in 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
India. Then coming back to Europe, in Europe the situation much more difficult. You know that 
the European market is stagnant. With this year we will see a drop of approximately in the light 
vehicle market we will see a drop of approximately 5%, 5 to even to 7%. That is the expectations 
that we have. On top of that we have this tariff war that is now on the table and could affect with 
additional drop and probably this will have a negative effect in the total amount of car production 
in Europe. So even the situation was weak and probably will be a little bit weaker in the next 
quarters. So that's the expectation. So we still expect to have a weak market in Europe. And what 
we are now trying to do is to adapt our companies to this scenario to maintain and to protect our 
margins as much as we can and be ready when the ramp up comes that we expect that probably 
we will see certain recovery by the end of the year and also for the next year. We see that in 
Europe the behavior of the market is a little bit different than in India. We see that there will be 
a consolidation of the market and several suppliers are struggling. So we will see that we can 
win also from the consolidation of the market. So that's our view on Europe and also in India. 
Devang Shah: 
Thank you. Very satisfactory explanation you have given. So on that explanation, I have one 
question. So by considering these facts, we are now just Q1 of current year, know, CY25. How 
we have to evaluate the growth trajectory? Every quarter, it would be better to get an idea as far 
as demand environment, and then we can get a certainty as far as growth of this particular 
calendar year or you have anything that's been forecasted by you as far as either consolidated 
overall revenue growth for the calendar year 25, or if you have segregation of Indian-related 
growth, how it would continue to unfold at a single digit and what would be the European 
growth. If you have been forecasted anything for this calendar year or it would be every quarter 
we have to evaluate and then conclude? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Devang, we don't make forward looking statements so that is a policy that we strictly follow. So 
we have not made any forecasts or any statements as far as our overall C25 numbers are 
concerned. We can talk about the markets as Ander pointed out, the markets in Europe. Let's 
talk about Europe because from a market standpoint, Europe is in a difficult situation. I think in 
Europe, you are going to continue to see this pain in the market for the next two quarters at least. 
Let's be prepared for that. That's why Ander has clearly stated that our strategy in Europe is to 
restructure our operations, so that we maintain our margins. We have to match our costs to the 
prevailing volumes. So that is what we are doing. So in Europe, we do expect pain for the next 
two quarters. As far as India is concerned, now India, we know that, for example, in Q1, the car 
market as per SIAM grew about 5% as per IHS about 1%. The two-wheeler market about 6% to 
7% that know the tractor and trucks have done reasonably well. They are double digit but I guess 
they will moderate. So if we are looking at a number anywhere between 5% to 7% growth in 
India from a volume perspective on an overall basis, that is something that we are working 
towards. Of course this quarter we had a little bit hit on the steel price but that's how you have 
to look at the market in India. Say for example anywhere between 4% to 7% would be the 
growth. It is lower than what we have been experiencing in the last few years. But that's the 
scenario in India. India you still have growth. It's lower growth than earlier. And our job is to be 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
ahead of this growth. And all that we are talking about is to be ahead of this growth. That's how 
I would say, but we don't make any forward-looking statements. 
Devang Shah: 
Yes, that sounds satisfactory. And last question, before concluding remark, any kind of tariff 
related that can affect your US-related, export-related aspects? So any kind of headwinds over 
there? 
Ander Arenaza: 
I can take it, Vikas, because the impact of the tariffs in our business is very, very low. I would 
say that this is negligible. Just to give you some figures on that, only 3% of our sales in India 
goes to US. That's the approximately in the first quarter, are talking about Rs. 400 million or 
something like that. In all the cases, small customer, in all the cases, the impact of these tariffs 
in our account is zero because our sale condition is either S-work or is FCA. So the tariffs are 
charged to the customers. the customer should pay those tariffs. So the impact on our accounts 
is zero in India. Regarding Europe, in Europe also both in Metalcastello and Bill Forge Mexico 
that as Vikas explained now, is included in Europe, in our European region. All the sales that 
we are doing to the US that in Metalcastello is approximately 40% of the sales and in BuildForce 
Mexico it's also about 40%. The impact in our accounts is zero. In all these cases also, all the 
tariffs, because of the conditions of our sale conditions, the duties are charged directly to the 
customers. It's not our responsibility. And finally, in CIE Forgings, we have one particular 
customer that is with approximately 10 million euros per year sales. I mean, just it's a minor 
impact of approximately 4% of our total sales in Europe, the forgings in Europe that we are now 
negotiating with the customer because this is selling directly to them and these are impacting us. 
But as you know also that there are news today in the paper that the US government will not 
apply any duty to the car makers that are producing the cars in the US, and this is the case in our 
case in CIE Forgings. This 10 million euros goes to one customer; a specific customer is Ford 
and so we expect not to be affected. So globally speaking, the main problem we see with the 
tariffs in our business is the negative effect that could have these tariffs in the market. The 
slowdown in the market created by this tariffs uncertainty that is now in the market. So we can 
say that the impact is negligible or almost zero. And the only potential impact is the slowdown 
that could create especially in Europe. 
Devang Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much for giving a very good explanation, sir. Thank you so much. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Devang, one more thing as far as tariffs is concerned that depending on the tariffs, India's 
competitiveness may go up vis-à-vis other countries. So that also we have to monitor. But as 
Ander explained, there is so much uncertainty around this tariff policy is that we have to just 
wait and watch. We don't have any direct impact, but the indirect impact is something we have 
to worry about. The markets in US, Europe itself may come down and India's competitiveness 
may actually go up or go down compared to what tariffs are applied to countries like China, 
Vietnam, Turkey and so on and so forth. So we have to wait and watch. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Devang Shah: 
But sir, just to add that thing, then it will be some kind of opportunity for also to you because 
you can also serve as you were saying, you have hired some business development head as well. 
So you can also look for the other market as well. Sir, will it be possible? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, yes, if India's competitiveness increases, obviously there will be a chance to all good 
companies. So look, as far as our exports are concerned, if you look at our annual report also, 
which we have clearly highlighted that there are certain areas like iron castings and gears where 
we do see our opportunities in exports going up. Exports is a complicated issue. There are many 
factors. The supply chain risks are involved which companies are very, very wary about all 
supply chain risks, which have been there in the recent past. So there is a move towards local 
for local, but at the same time, certain processes will have to be outsourced because of climate 
policies and so on and so forth. So wherever our competitiveness goes up, we'll have an 
opportunity. We have identified iron castings and gears where we think we'll have more 
opportunities. And if this tariff policy helps improve our competitiveness in these areas, we'll 
definitely benefit out of it. 
Devang Shah: 
Yes. sir. Thank you so much. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Just one comment from my side because there is also an additional trend that we are now 
perceiving in the market, especially due to these geopolitical tensions that we can see in the 
market is that some of our American customers they are trying to move or they are analyzing to 
move the production they have in China to other countries like India or Korea. So this trend is 
also there. So this can be also an opportunity for us to increase our business. So we are analyzing 
that and some of the customers that are already studying and requesting the quotations for this 
movement too. 
Devang Shah: 
Yes, sir. That's quite satisfactory. Thank you so much and wishing you all the best. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Thanks, Devang. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is basically on the tractor side, how is the overall 
industry is doing and what are our outlook overall on the tractor industry side and how we are 
doing it. So earlier question on the tariffs, so also we are going to benefit on the tractor side 
because of the tariffs going forward? 
Vikas Sinha: 
As far as tractor forecasts are concerned, they are looking reasonable for this year. Tractors have 
done very well in Q1 overall and so has Mahindra. And going forward also, we clearly see, you 
know, not as good as the 11% number that we have seen in Q1, but we would see a growth, I 
would still think a growth around 4%-5% in tractor market going forward on an average for the 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
next few quarters. That's on the tractor side on the market what we expect. Do we expect 
anything on exports on the tractor? I think we do export a few components for tractors, like Turk 
tractors is a good customer of ours. But we have to see on that, we have not fully evaluated. I 
think there are but the tractor market is doing reasonably well domestically. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, sir. And sir, are we getting good order book on that side if you can just talk on that? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Order book around? 
Jyoti Singh: 
Around tractor? 
Vikas Sinha: 
As I said, domestically it is a very reasonable situation for tractors for us. Mahindra is our main... 
We have Mahindra and John Deere in India as our main tractor customers and they are both 
doing well. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, thank you. As earlier mentioned that we are seeing visibility after two quarter end of this 
year. So can you guide because I gone through the Volvo call also. So they are seeing the market 
share increase on the EV side. So any visibility we are seeing, I know a lot of uncertainties there. 
But still if you can give us little bit highlight on that side? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Highlights on the EV market? 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, EV market, as we have explained, I think worldwide there has been a bit of a stagnation. In 
India, of course, we are seeing the two-wheeler EV penetration going up. In four-wheelers, of 
course, we have had some very good launches, especially Mahindra, and we are looking forward 
to the ramp up of those models. I think they will do well. We have very good reports as far as 
those two EV models from Mahindra are concerned. I think even on two wheelers you have 
some good launches, Bajaj has done so. So yes, there will be steady improvement. The fact, the 
point that we are making around EVs is not that it is not going up, penetration is going up, but it 
is not going up as dramatically as was envisaged maybe two years back. So that's the only 
situation. But the EV market in India is making steady progress. Very clearly, you are seeing lot 
more new models. Hyundai has put some new models. So as you also pointed out, there are other 
companies who are putting it models and they are all reasonably good models. So as long as you 
have good products in the market, the market will improve. So that's how we look at it. We have 
enough orders in the EV space also. We'll be happy if the products do well. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, so like you mentioned about this, you're not giving the forward outlook, but at least some 
visibility as per the CIE point of view, because last few quarters, nothing on the betterment side. 
So if you can guide us a little bit on the margin and topline side? 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, margin is easy to guide, Jyoti. Margin, we said that in India, we are close to 18% now. We 
will be there and we hopefully will improve. Of course, the improvement will be steady. So on 
the margin side we can say confidently about that. In Europe as we said, if you see there has 
been very big drops starting from Q3, like more than double digit drops in Q3, Q4 and Q1. In 
spite of that our margin is 14% this quarter and that's the whole thing and this includes some 
restructuring costs so we are trying to hold our margin as much as possible in Europe around 
this number which is what we have said. So margin it is very clear, that we can state. It is not 
even a forward-looking statement. It's probably as far as we are concerned it's a reality. As far 
as sales is concerned what we said that probably the weighted average market growth in India 
this quarter will be in the range of 4% to 7% and hopefully we can beat that we have not been 
able to do that in Q1, but we hope to do that in the next few quarters Q2-Q3-Q4 we hope to do, 
we hope to beat the market a little bit. As far as Europe is concerned on the growth side, we are 
saying on next two quarters at least the pain will continue as far as the sales is concerned. So 
this is the best I think we can summarize, Jyoti. Hopefully that should be enough. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. Very much. So thank you so much. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, thanks Jyoti. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitish Rege from Chrys Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitish Rege: 
Thank you for the follow up. My question is again for Ander. So just wanted to get a better 
understanding of what specifically we are looking at in an M&A asset, given that there have 
been around 10 to 12 deals in our industry over the past 18 months, most around the 10x 
EBITDA multiple and we've not been able to crack the M&A puzzle for us? 
Ander Arenaza: 
Okay. No, we cannot disclose the different operations that we are analyzing in this moment. But 
the idea we would have is to reinforce our presence in the technologies where we are now 
working. I mean, all the gears, aluminum, castings, composites, I mean, all these businesses 
where we are present, that's one of our targets. And also second target that we had, and we 
mentioned several times, is to include some plastic company because this is the only technology 
that we have missing in India. I mean we have presence in all CIE technologies in India except 
the plastic, so that is also one of our targets. But we are actively looking for companies that 
should fit strategically, should fit also in the terms of, let's say, future evolution and synergies 
with our current businesses. And of course, the pricing is another subject that we need to discuss 
because in certain cases, what we think is that the multiples are too high. But okay, we will 
analyze and we continue very active on this field. 
Nitish Rege: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Thank you. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar Kant Gaur from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had just one question regarding the profitability in the 
European business, where we have seen sequentially more than 20% kind of growth, but still the 
margins have gone down by 100 bps. You talked about certain restructuring activity that is 
happening there. Could you quantify that a little bit more? 
Ander Arenaza: 
Okay, yes, in the European business, you know that we have had this slowdown in the business. 
So we are adapting the company, the size of the company, to the new volume scenario. We have 
been doing that with temporary layoffs in the last quarters. Then what we have done is we have 
put in place now additional activities and we have early retirement programs for people that is 
about 60 years old and we are trying to get a voluntary agreement with them to pre-retire with 
these people. And also we are setting up certain voluntary retirement or dismissal schemes for 
the people who is willing to leave the company, let's say, that is a economical agreement, so with 
a certain amount of money. So these are the kind of things we are doing smoothly, and all these 
activities are going on. Especially we have done first steps in Metalcastello plant. Also, we are 
trying to do it in our forgings, CIE Forgings. Those are the activities that we are now in place 
and we will see the effect in the next quarters. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay, thanks. I will get back in the queue. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, to ask a question, please press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. 
The next question is from Rajkumar Vaidyanath, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajkumar Vaidyanath: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you just mentioned recently that due to the evolving tariff 
situation in India trade with the US, there seems some opportunities there. So I just want to know 
whether those opportunities are immediate or will be kind of cleared in the medium term? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Rajkumar, of course, there could be. There could be. You know, it finally depends on what is 
the kind of trade deal that emerges. What we are saying is, as a country we are competing, auto 
component exports is almost 20% of the entire turnover of the auto components business in India 
and we are competing with other countries, China, Vietnam, Korea, Turkey, Brazil, Mexico of 
course, which is a very large player. And depending on the tariff, India's competitiveness may 
go up because some other countries might have higher tariffs, may or may not have the final deal 
has to emerge. In that case, there could be some opportunities. What we have already been saying 
is that there are some specific areas like iron casting and gears where there are already 
opportunities in exports and if that happens, they might increase. So that was the point we are 
making. As far as your question, whether they are immediate, any order it takes 18 to 24 months 
or 18 to 30 months in the case of exports orders because there are a lot more development steps 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
to be done. So that is the kind it would take to hit your P&L. So it's not as if you get an order 
and it gets into your P&L in the next three months. It takes about 18 to 30 months on the export 
side. Domestic orders might be 12 to 18, but that's how it is. 
Ander Arenaza: 
Vikas, just one additional comment on that is that due to the uncertainty, the current uncertainty 
that we have with the tariffs application, I think until this tariff, let's say definitive tariff 
application is defined and is clarified, I think there will be no decisions from the customers. So 
we need to first clarify the tariff environment, and then companies will make the decisions. What 
we see now in the market is that there is a big uncertainty. Everybody is waiting for the definitive 
solution that is not yet on the table, you know that. I think all the countries are negotiating, and 
every week we receive different news on that. I think in the next weeks, months, I think we need 
to wait until we see the definitive solution for the tariffs. 
Rajkumar Vaidyanath: 
Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you for the detailed reply. So just one more question. Just on the 
margin part, I think you kind of mentioned that due to the 3% reduction in steel prices, the margin 
kind of appears to be muted. So is it fair to expect your margins to improve by at least 100 bps 
to 150 bps from the current level in coming financial year? 
Vikas Sinha: 
JP that 3% is for domestic not for overall and as far as margins are concerned we know that steel 
is a pass through. It just affects your quantum of sales. So if the steel prices goes down for the 
same volume your revenues goes lower by that, but the EBITDA remains the same. So in fact if 
your sales goes down your margin will go up or as you know it's just arithmetic, you know 
numerator-denominator So that's about it. So the steel price has nothing to do with efficiency. It 
is a pass through what we are talking about 18% margin in India, about 14% margin in Europe 
and in India we do expect the margins to go up through operating efficiencies and nothing to do 
with the steel price. Steel price goes up and down, the effect of numerator denominator would 
be separate. So that was the point we were making. And as far as Europe is concerned, Ander 
has explained a lot of restructuring is going on. We are trying to hold on to this 14% in spite of, 
as was pointed out, very big double digit drops in sales for the 3rd quarter in succession. So that 
was the discussion. The steel prices, the effect will be separate. It is not an operating efficiency 
issue. It is just a numerator, denominator issue because steel is a pass-through. 
Rajkumar Vaidyanath: 
Okay, yes, I just got it sir. So my question is, would you expect the margins to go further? That 
was the question, you know, given that the efficiency programs are in place, you are continuing 
to work on your efficiency parameters. So is there a scope for improvement in margins, 
particularly on the domestic? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, in India, there is scope for improvement, but there would not be any dramatic improvements 
in margins. There would be steady improvement. Just a few minutes, you know, like a little bit 
back in today's conversation, Ander did mention that Indian operations in the CIE universe, 
relatively, we are worse off than Europe, Mexico, etc. And that is the reason why we think that 
our operating efficiencies can further improve. But given where our current margins are, the 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
improvements will be steady. There would not be any dramatic increase of 1%, 1.5% not like 
that. There will be steady improvement going forward. That is what we are saying. 
Rajkumar Vaidyanath: 
Okay sir. Thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thank you. Hi Vikas. Just wanted to understand. As Ander highlighted, 5%-6% potential Europe 
car market decline this calendar year. But out of your European business of crankshaft etc. 
catering to say, Marino, etc. How much of those cars are exported to US because if the tariff 
issue remains, so there can be demand elasticity impact and subsequent production reduction 
other than core Europe market lower car retails. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Ander, will you take this? 
Ander Arenaza: 
Yes. The export that we have from Europe, especially in the crankshaft business is 
approximately only 10 million euros per year. It is approximately 4% of our Forgings sales. So 
the impact is very, very low. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Actually trying to understand that what percentage of the crankshaft supplied by you to the end 
OEM are actually exported. I am not seeing CIE actually exporting to US, but the end vehicle is 
getting exported. 
Ander Arenaza: 
It is a minimum amount. In terms of the crankshaft, exported to the US can be approximately 
what I told you about 4%, 5%, no more than that. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So bulk of the crankshaft supplied by CIE is consumed for cars sold in Europe only, that's what 
you want? 
Ander Arenaza: 
That's right. The European cars, so cars produced in Europe, exported to US are only 900,000 
cars per year. So it is not a big amount, mainly higher end cars, Jaguar Land Rover or Porsche, 
Audi, Mercedes, all these kind of cars that are exported to the US, the luxury cars. In our case, 
we are selling directly to US this 4% or 5% of our concept, directly. But as I told before, what 
we expect is that as we are selling to American car makers, that the cars are produced in US 
directly. Then what we expected of the impact of the tariffs will be zero in this case, as the US 
government said yesterday. So that is the view that we have regarding the impact on sales 
because of the, let's say, drop of this potential exportation from Europe to US. We can say that 
it is absolutely minimal. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure. And second thing, Vikas like in good days, annualized revenue for Metalcastello used to 
be what 90-100 million euros. What is the level now? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, not 100 million. It was 75 million. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Including the Allison transmission order. 
Vikas Sinha: 
No. That is a separate matter. I am saying what they have done. Maximum was roughly about 
75 million euros. Right now, it will be closer to 55 to 60, 50% of that number, 50 million. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the last question from the line of Pratik Kothari from 
Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Thank you again. One of the exports from India, if you can share some numbers, how did it pan 
out this quarter? 
Vikas Sinha: 
So roughly exports, as far as C'24 number is concerned, we have roughly around from India, 
13% to 14% in that range. This includes both direct and indirect exports. Indirect exports include 
things that we supply to those production offices in India, which then they export. So roughly 
about 13% to 14% for us. It is between that amount in India. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Okay, correct. And in the annual report just published, there's this auditor remark for CIE 
Aluminum Casting India Limited saying that it's an, I mean, there could be an incentive or 
external pressure to meet expectations resulting in revenue being overstated or something. So 
just one comment, what is this regarding? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Which page is that now? We will try and we have our annual report. Do you have the page 
number readily available? Which section? 
Pratik Kothari: 
This is the auditors remark on the consolidated. No, the annual report. This is page 224 of your 
annual report. 
Vikas Sinha: 
So JP is here, we will answer. Just give us 30 seconds. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
This is about the key accounting matter, no? 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes, key audit matter, yes. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Mentioned by the auditor is why it is a key audit matter. So they arrive at key audit matter for 
every year. And for India, they have considered revenue as a key audit matter because they think 
sales revenue is a key parameter for the people working in the company. And therefore, they 
emphasize more in checking whether the revenue numbers are correct or not. There is no 
overstatement or a potential overstatement. It is just that in their audit procedures, they 
emphasize more to check on this aspect. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Usually, when we read revenue as an audit matter, the statements which are made are different 
than what has been made here. And hence, the question. Usually, revenue as an audit matter, I 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
think, is across many, many, or almost all companies. But what has made your seem different 
and hence that question. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Yes, they have mentioned about there could be an incentive of pressures to meet expectations. 
But it seems, I mean, the auditors are stating here about the emphasis they have given for 
checking the revenue numbers. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Thanks, Pratik. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ander Arenaza: 
So as usual, I would like to thank you to all the participants for the interest in our company and 
also for the trust and the well-directed questions they made, as always. So my gratitude to them 
for their participation. Also, I would like to thank to all CIE India team for the great work done 
in all these months and days that we are working hard and I would like to thank all of them 
because of their commitment to the company and we expect to deliver even better results in the 
next quarters. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This statement has been edited to ensure quality 
 
