 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
 
TCS/SE/71/2025-26 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
 
 
 
P. J. Towers,   
    
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051                                                             Mumbai - 400001    
Symbol - TCS 
                                                            Scrip Code No. 532540  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
 Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on  
July 10, 2025, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com     
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH
Digitally signed by 
YASHASWIN NARENDRA 
SHETH 
Date: 2025.07.14 18:50:10 
+05'30'

 
: 
Page 1 of 28 
 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nehal Shah from the Investor 
Relations team at TCS. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening, and welcome, everyone. Thank 
you for joining us today to discuss TCS' financial results for the first 
quarter of fiscal year FY 2026 that ended on June 30, 2025. This call is 
being webcast through our website and an archive, including the 
transcript, will be available on the site for the duration of this quarter. 
The financial statements, quarterly fact sheet and press releases are 
also available on our website. 
Our leadership team is present on this call to discuss our results. We 
have with us today Mr. K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director. 
K Krithivasan: 
Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Ms. Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director, President and Chief 
Operating Officer. 
Aarthi Subramanian:Good evening, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hello, everyone. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
Nehal Shah: 
And Mr. Milind Lakkad, Chief Human Resources Officer. 
Milind Lakkad: 
Hi, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we don't 
provide specific revenue or earnings guidance, and anything said on 
this call, which reflects our outlook for the future, or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
 
We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly fact 
sheet available on our website and email out to those who have 
subscribed to our mailing list. With that, I would like to turn the call over 
to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Nehal. Again, good day, everyone. During our April 2025 
earnings call, we had called out delays in decision-making and projects 
start with respect to discretionary investments. This trend has continued 
and intensified to some extent in this quarter. Global businesses were 
disrupted due to conflicts, economic uncertainties and supply chain 
issues. We saw cost pressures in our customers causing previously 
unseen project pauses, deferrals and decision delays that resulted in 
less than expected revenue conversion. 
In this backdrop, our quarterly revenue declined by 3.1% year-on-year 
in constant currency terms.  
Our operating margin was 24.5% and the net margin was 20.1%.  
Our total value of contracts signed in Q1 FY26 was $9.4 billion, up 
13.2% year-on-year.  
These headline numbers must also be read in the context of successful 
completion of a very large strategic program of national importance last 
quarter. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
Looking ahead, enterprises realize the need to invest in being 
perpetually adaptive and require a dependable partner that can provide 
them with not only the right capabilities, but also the scale and maturity 
to manage a dynamic environment. TCS aims to be that partner that 
helps our clients withstand short-term disruptions, even while executing 
their transformation strategy, for long-term value creation. In this 
context, we are very confident in the robustness of the demand as well 
as the strength of our business model from a medium to long-term 
perspective. 
I would also like to inform you that this will be Milind's last earnings call. 
He has had a stellar and distinguished record of service for 38 years in 
this industry. Joining TCS as a trainee in 1987, he rose to lead the 
manufacturing business group and subsequently the CHRO. On behalf 
of TCS, I would like to thank him for all his contributions. 
I'll now invite Samir and Milind to go over different aspects of our 
performance during the quarter. I'll step in later to provide more color 
on the demand trends we are seeing. Aarthi will further share an update 
on our services. Over to you, Samir. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you, Krithi. Good day, everyone.  
In the first quarter of FY '26, our revenue was ₹63,437 crores, which is 
a year-on-year growth of 1.3%. In dollar terms, the revenue was $7,421 
million, a year-on-year decline of 1.1%. And in constant currency 
terms, our revenue declined 3.1%, on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Our Q1 operating margin stood at 24.5%, reflecting a sequential 
improvement of 30 basis points. We built up capacity and continued our 
investments during the quarter with a long-term focus. The demand 
contraction during the quarter had an impact on our utilization and was 
offset by lower third-party costs and currency.  
Higher other income and lower effective tax rate for the quarter helped 
boost our net income margin to 20.1%. Our EPS grew 6% Y-o-Y. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
Our accounts receivable was at 75 days DSO in dollar terms, up five 
days Y-o-Y.  
Net cash from operations was $1.5 billion, which is a cash conversion 
of 100.3% of net income. Free cash flows were at $1.3 billion and 
invested funds at the end of the period stood at $5.7 billion.  
The Board has recommended an interim dividend of ₹11 per share.  
With that, I'll hand over now to Milind. 
Milind Lakkad: 
Thank you, Samir. Our workforce at the end of the first quarter was 
613,069. Net attrition during the quarter was over 5,000 employees. We 
have honored all the job offers, and we'll do so for the rest of the year. 
Lateral hiring will be recalibrated based on the demand outlook. 
We continue to invest significantly in our business to stay relevant to 
our customers with changing technology needs. In this quarter, our 
associates invested 15 million hours in building expertise in emerging 
technologies, enabling them to lead the transformation journey for our 
customers. It is gratifying to note that TCS now has 114,000 people with 
higher order AI skills.  
Our LTM attrition in IT services was at 13.8% at the end of Q1, up 50 
bps sequentially. 
I will now request Krithi to speak on the various demand drivers during 
the quarter. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Milind. During the quarter, enterprises remained focused on 
cost optimization, vendor consolidation and efficiency-led technology 
transformation. Discretionary spend continues to remain under 
heightened scrutiny and pressure. However, enterprises focused on 
scaling AI adoption across applications, workflows and data 
performance remains strong.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
Our approach at TCS integrates expertise in deploying technology 
blended with contextual knowledge of enterprise, data, business 
processing, industry strength and change management.  
You will see our capabilities in action through real-world examples 
spanning industries and service areas, which we'll go through with the 
help of a few customer case studies. 
BFSI: 
In America, BFSI clients are cautious with tech investments as they 
assess the current economic uncertainty. Growth is being driven by 
rapid advancements in GenAI adoption, platform modernization, and 
automation. Clients are focusing on regulatory readiness, data 
governance and cost efficiency through technology rationalization. 
There is growing demand for integrated digital solutions that enhance 
customer experience, ensure compliance and enable scalable 
operations across banking, capital markets into insurance, wealth and 
payment segments. Banks are actively pursuing legacy and mainframe 
modernization to streamline operations and improve system resilience.  
Discretionary spend is under pressure.  
The softness that we had called out earlier in U.S. insurance continued 
throughout the quarter. However, we are seeing insurance doing well in 
Europe. BFS continues to remain cautious in Europe and U.K.  
We believe the current caution in BFS is temporary as there's a lot of 
unmet demand. 
CBG: 
Moving on to the Consumer business group. This was one of the most 
affected sectors in this quarter. Widespread industry challenges 
resulted in funding delays, project postponements and delayed 
milestone completion. However, we continue to work on transformative 
programs across all industry segments.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
• 
A leading U.S. specialty retailer partnered with TCS to overhaul its 
product information ecosystem that is critical for driving sales, 
forecasting, and data-driven merchandising. This is an initiative of 
strategic 
importance 
that 
had 
previously 
faced 
significant 
implementation challenges, including fragmented data ownership and 
complex system landscape. Leveraging big domain and contextual 
knowledge, TCS designed and implemented an interim solution with a 
robust SaaS-based product information management platform that's 
integrated with multiple legacy systems. TCS established scalable data 
flows, that ensured end-to-end data quality and governance, enabled 
advanced analytics, and empowered vendor-led asset management. 
The transformation delivered a 3x increase in SKU creation and 
maintenance speed, unlocked significant annual savings by eliminating 
manual attribution and enrichment efforts, improving time-to-market, 
operational efficiency and enhanced customer management. 
Manufacturing: 
 
Although the automotive sector faced significant challenges and 
reduced spending, the manufacturing vertical as a whole, showed minor 
growth. Amidst the uncertain environment, clients are aiming to lower 
their overall technology debt and are investing in initiatives intended to 
prepare their technology infrastructure for future demands. 
• 
TCS and Jaguar Land Rover have a long-standing strategic 
partnership, encompassing various aspects of technology, innovation 
and sustainability. This collaboration is evident in areas like software 
defined vehicles, customer experience and the Jaguar TCS Racing 
Formula E team. 
 
At the Formula E World Championship, top performance depends on 
time-critical data analytics. Whether at the racetrack or at the team 
base, Jaguar TCS Racing engineers need timely access to this data to 
make informed decisions about car set-up and race strategy. 
Undoubtedly, this is where championships are won or lost! 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
While Formula E races often take place on temporary street circuits and 
with tight regulations, Jaguar TCS Racing can’t often practice on 
physical circuits or run in-person tests. Regardless, teams must still find 
ways to develop top performing cars. We set out to help solve this 
challenge by enhancing the team’s digital twin technology so that it can 
run more simulations, generate more data, and validate software code. 
 
TCS’s automotive data science team developed the Virtual Vehicle 
Validation Model (V3M), which instructs the digital twin of the Jaguar I-
TYPE 7 on how to navigate a track based on various inputs. This model 
runs continuous simulations, saving engineers critical time during race 
preparation and enabling them to make last-minute changes to the 
vehicle software in pursuit of performance gains. Having confidence 
that the simulator results are accurate, enables the team to unlock 
creativity and innovation elsewhere.  
 
Life Sciences and Healthcare: 
 
Life Sciences customers are exercising caution. They are focusing on 
essential business activities with some growth initiatives postponed or 
their schedules put under review. The pharmaceutical sector is 
grappling with pricing, supply chain issues and export risk. Companies 
are prioritizing R&D, profit margin and operational efficiency. Leading 
firms in the U.S., U.K., Europe and Japan, are consolidating vendors 
and business services while leveraging AI.  
The recent passage of the “Big Beautiful Bill” in the U.S. includes nearly 
$1 trillion in Medicaid finding reduction over 10 years, rollbacks to 
Affordable Care Act and $500 billion in Medicare spending reductions 
amongst most of other changes. These changes are expected to 
severely impact the earnings of Medicaid focused insurers, hospital 
operators, diversified Medicare insurers amongst us.  
In Healthcare, payers are trying to optimize costs due to rising medical 
expenses. Preauthorization delays and claim denials are causing 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
friction with providers. Key priorities are affordability, transparency, 
simplification, and improved patient experiences. Clients are 
modernizing core systems, exploring data marketplaces, cyber 
resilience, and AI in the SDLC, though budget constraints hinder 
approvals. 
 
The MedTech industry is witnessing regulatory scrutiny, demand 
changes, cost pressures, regional consolidation, new business models, 
and higher customer expectations. This has put pressure on supply 
chains to cut costs. 
 
Energy, Resources and Utilities: 
The ERU vertical faced reduced spending and capital investments due 
to policy changes and geopolitical tensions. However, we are working 
on many transformative engagements, like rebalancing of supply chain, 
grid optimization etc.  
• 
For a Fortune 500 Utility in the US, we are consolidating and 
transforming their Advanced Metering Infrastructure solution across 
their operating companies. This major business transformation includes 
advanced features such as load profiling, forecasting, settlement, and 
real time energy consumption management. The system also helps in 
proactive outage management and provides capabilities for remote 
operations. The solution will not only transform the customer 
experience across multiple states in their service territory but will also 
set up a strong foundation for network analytics and renewables 
integration. 
Tech SS:  
The Technology & Services industry sustained growth across all markets this 
quarter. In this quarter, AI has established itself as a fundamental driver of 
product innovation across all sub-segments under TechSS. Enterprises 
continue to defer business transformation initiatives and prioritize targeted 
technology transformations that deliver significant operational efficiencies and 
cost savings.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
CMI: 
In the Communications, Media, and Information vertical, enterprises are re-
evaluating their priorities with a strong emphasis on AI and automation, 
diversification, cost optimization and vendor consolidation. With subscriber 
growth plateauing and competition intensifying, AI-driven innovation helps CMI 
companies rethink business models and diversify revenue streams. With AI, 
the CMI industry is aiming to transform every stage of the workflow, including 
enabling strategic decision making, content generation, and audience 
personalization.  
• 
Foxtel Group, Australia's leading streaming subscription television 
company, partnered with TCS to transform their customer service 
operations by increasing the consistency and speed of responses to 
customer queries and addressing the challenge of increasing cost of 
services. TCS deployed advanced GenAI capabilities powered by a leading 
AI platform model to drive measurable business impact. 
The transformation began with a comprehensive verification of the 
knowledge base architecture, ensuring information was easily accessible 
and up to date. Implementing the AI-powered solution was a game-
changer, enabling the automation of conversation summaries and 
enhancing data security measures. This holistic approach ensured that 
customer interactions were not only efficient but also secure.  
TCS played a pivotal role in this transformation, bringing in domain and 
technical expertise, contextual knowledge and proprietary assets. By 
integrating advanced AI capability, Foxtel achieved faster response times 
and higher first-call resolution rates, significantly improving the customer 
experience. Agent productivity saw a notable increase, and customer 
engagement improved, while the total cost of ownership for Foxtel came 
down. During the quarter, TCS and Foxtel Group also won the AI 
Pacesetter Category at the 2025 ISG Paragon Awards ANZ in recognition 
of this impact. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
Moving on to our portfolio of products and platforms, they continue to 
help us in developing bespoke solutions for our clients.  
• 
ignioTM, our cognitive automation software suite, saw multiple new deal 
wins. Evolving technological trends in AI, Agentic AI and GenAI are leading 
to increased investments in AI-based systems and intelligent automation. 
These developments are accelerating ignio's prominence as more 
customers implement autonomous enterprise solutions. 
• 
We continue to build on our leadership position in the UK Life and Pensions 
market, with key programs going live on our BFSI Platform. 
o Now Pensions Limited, one of the major workplace pension providers 
in the UK, offering Auto Enrolment for its employers and members, went 
live on TCS BaNCS™. They are also leveraging our intelligent 
experience solutions for all digital and mobile. The program 
consolidates multiple legacy systems on TCS BaNCS, leveraging 
secure real-time seamless integration with Pension Lab (a leading 
pension aggregator in the UK market) to drive business growth. We 
have migrated over 100,000 employers, and more than 3.3 million 
policies to our platform. 
o Lloyd Banking Group has gone live with TCS BaNCS for wealth 
administration solutions. This is a refreshed offering we have created 
and is a major milestone for the Transfer Agents industry, with 
innovation being introduced, where legacy systems are the norm today. 
With strict UK CASS regulations, the solution has been designed to 
have high STP of all banking, reconciliation, and controls, reducing the 
risk of any breach to the regulator. 
The design allows the Operations staff to handle customer requests 
with one click, improving satisfaction for both customers and staff. 
Customers receive one consolidated communication and can make a 
single payment for multiple deals or funds, streamlining the investment 
process.  
We expect these go lives to further expand our position in the UK. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
• 
TCS iON, our platform for digital assessment, exam administration and 
learning, has continued its impressive performance. We have partnered 
with prestigious institutes of national importance, such as IIT and IIM.  
 
• 
This quarter, we released the latest version of TCS MasterCraft™ 
augmented with GenAI and Agentic AI. This solution automates the 
process of modernizing legacy applications, thereby significantly 
reducing the cost and time required for manual conversions. The GenAI 
and Agentic AI enhancements will allow organizations to mine business 
logic faster and more accurately. The automation driven by the latest 
version of TCS MasterCraft can save up to 70% in costs and achieve 
results up to twice as fast as traditional interventions. 
 
All the customer case studies we spoke of illustrate the impactful 
projects we undertake in collaboration with our clients and technology 
partners. Our solutions are driven by continuous upskilling of our talent, 
investment in R&I, contextual knowledge of enterprises and 
investments in creating products and platforms such as ignio™, TCS 
BaNCS™, TCS ADD™, and TCS Cognix™, all supported by strong 
partnerships within our technology ecosystem. 
 
Let me conclude by saying that we have had robust deal closures this 
quarter, and our total value of contracts signed in Q1 of FY26 is $9.4 
billion. North America TCV was $4.4 billion. BFSI TCV was $2.5 
billion, and Consumer Business Group contributed $1.6 billion. 
 
Our deal pipeline continues to be very healthy and well distributed 
across verticals and geographies, and that gives us confidence on our 
customer centric strategy. 
 
With Aarthi now leading all the service lines, we are broadening our 
leadership in emerging technologies and aim to bring even more 
seamless integration across our service offerings. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
With that, let me hand over to Aarthi, for giving more color on our 
service  offerings.  
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Thank you, Krithi. This is my first quarterly earnings call after I took on 
the role and it is a pleasure to be here with all of you. I would like to 
provide some update on our Service Line offerings and the impact they 
created for our customers during the quarter. 
Let me begin with AI and Data: 
 
• 
We are seeing enterprises move beyond small-scale, use-case centric 
pilots to disciplined, production-grade rollouts that tie GenAI directly to 
business outcomes. Customers’ spend is clustering around three 
themes: AI-led business transformation, AI-enabled SDLC/IT-Ops and 
data-platform modernization that sets the foundation for Agentic AI at 
scale. 
Vendor-consolidation 
plays, 
and 
Sovereign 
AI 
Cloud 
deployments are starting to point to a maturing AI & Data market that 
now demands security guardrails and observability by default. TCS is 
leaning into this inflection with new offerings in Agentic AI, and AI 
infusion in our services. Our investment in WisdomNext, our leading AI 
platform, is expanding with the addition of agentic AI capabilities. We 
continue to scale our workforce on AI and deepen AI & Data 
partnerships across both Hyperscalers and native AI & Data 
companies.  
 
I would like to share a couple of examples: 
• 
AmTrust, the New York based multinational property and casualty 
insurance company, chose TCS to develop a solution using large 
language models to extract risk information, generate a quote against 
the competition and create a personalized summary. This new solution 
replaced the previous method for doing the same, which had brokers 
re-keying in a lot of data manually and reduced the time for quote 
extraction and generation from 30 minutes to 5 minutes for the brokers. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
Brokers also benefit from comparison, recommendation and 
personalized summaries, as it reduces the need for manual analysis 
and comparison to understand customer quotation. This innovative 
solution received the Celent Model Insurer 2025 award in the 
“Customer Experience Transformation” category. 
 
• 
TCS is collaborating with Owens Corning to co-develop GenAI-
powered solutions that enhance knowledge search and enable 
intelligent automation. These efforts are aimed at empowering 
employees with faster access to relevant information, streamlining 
routine tasks, and improving decision-making. By reducing manual 
effort and supporting greater efficiency, the partnership is helping build 
a foundation for more agile, responsive operations, without disrupting 
existing business processes. 
 
Moving on, I would like to share a couple of highlights of marquee 
engagements on the leading Hyperscaler Public Cloud platforms: 
 
• 
TCS helped a leading Electronics Retailer in the US to re-launch the 
midnight store opening model and successfully completed a gaming 
product launch within a very short window. TCS leveraged its Peak 
Season framework to plan, forecast the demand, implement cloud-
based real-time monitoring of the traction traffic, and ensured stability 
of the Store operations. The TCS solution helped open more than 
1000+ stores across the Americas at midnight to drive additional sales 
of more than 100,000 units within 2 hours, resulting in substantial 
incremental revenue for the Retailer. 
      
 
Enterprise Solutions continues to be an area of investment for our 
customers. Clients are increasingly investing in streamlining their 
business workflows and modernizing their digital core by adopting AI 
powered SaaS platforms. 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
• 
An American multinational energy conglomerate chose TCS to help 
embark on a commercial transformation journey to establish new 
business models. This included modernizing their existing commercial 
platforms to introduce subscription-based models as well as deliver 
enhanced customer experience and reduced technical debt. 
 
TCS designed and modernized their current commercial platforms with 
the implementation of a robust subscription management system, 
leveraging leading SaaS based CRM and CPQ platforms. Expected 
business outcomes include a 70% reduction in cycle time in the lead-
to-cash cycle, and a 20% increase in customer satisfaction. 
 
• 
A 
large European 
pharmaceutical and agrochemical company 
partnered with TCS to redesign and harmonize their end-to-end 
processes and create a resilient backbone productivity, improved 
leveraging a leading ERP platform as part of a transformation across all 
of the client’s businesses with a view to create a “Single Source of 
Truth” for their downstream analytics in order to achieve increased 
productivity, improved time-to-market and reduced inventory. This is a 
multi-country, multi-year program of which the first pilot country went 
live successfully this quarter. 
 
Cyber Security: 
All of us know organizations are prioritizing cybersecurity to protect 
sensitive consumer data, ensure trust, and safeguard brand reputation. 
This quarter the focus of our customers has been on Identity and 
Access Management, Managed Detection & Response, and 
Governance, Risk & Compliance Services. We are also seeing 
increased traction for Enterprise Attack Surface Management, Cloud 
Security, Data Security and Network Security.  
• 
For a leading Transport organization in Europe, we recommended 
Information Security and IT Governance practices for AI Assets against 
various industry standards, including the EU AI Act regulatory 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
requirement, thereby enabling the customer’s organization to establish 
revised security governance and controls. 
• 
We also provided strategic recommendations for a leading global 
biopharmaceutical company, aimed at maturing Identity and Access 
Management (IAM) practices towards industry-leading standards, 
enhancing the robustness and efficiency of IAM controls. 
By adopting AI-powered threat detection, secure transaction 
frameworks, and robust compliance solutions, businesses are 
strengthening their defenses against evolving threats while maintaining 
operational integrity and customer confidence.  
The last service line, I would like to talk about is TCS Interactive. 
• 
During Q1, businesses focused on operational excellence and 
innovation, harnessing data and AI for better performance. TCS 
Interactive enhanced customer experience and marketing through 
“Creative Engineering powered by AI.”  
 
• 
In Q1, we successfully executed a precision-marketing campaign for 
the after-sales division of a global automotive OEM. Leveraging our 
AI-powered TwinX™ digital-twin platform, we simulated over 100,000 
campaign variants, systematically filtering out low-performing strategies 
and replacing conventional ‘spray-and-pray’ emails with data-driven, 
personalized 
targeting. 
To 
rigorously 
validate 
the 
platform's 
recommendations, we conducted a randomized control trial (RCT), 
comparing outcomes between TwinX-driven customer groups and 
traditional approaches. Within just one month, the pilot delivered a 
statistically verified 5x increase in dealer visits, a 2x increase  in parts-
and-service revenue, and nearly 40% reduction in weekly P&L volatility. 
Building upon these robust outcomes, we are now collaborating with the 
client to embed TwinX into subsequent service campaign cycles, further 
strengthening customer retention and revenue predictability. 
 
With that, I would like to open the line for questions. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of 
Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead.  
Sudheer Guntupalli: Hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity. Krithi, just a couple of questions. 
So apart from the BSNL deal, are there any other client-specific 
situations you might be going through in any vertical or geography? 
K Krithivasan: 
No, there is no specific client situation now. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Okay, sir. And just some clarification on your comment in the Press 
Meet, are you still reiterating that FY '26 will be better than FY '25 at the 
overall company level or more so you're talking about the core markets? 
K Krithivasan: 
Sudheer, at this time we are confident the international market will do 
better in FY '26 than FY '25. However, it is our aspiration to continue to 
drive growth in company overall growth itself. But it is like a high bar to 
cross but we will work towards that. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Understood, sir. And last question from my end. So, you mentioned that 
by July end, probably we'll see some clarity in pent-up demand. From 
the time that U.S. started announcing the trade deals with major trading 
partners like China, U.K., etcetera. Are you seeing that the peak of the 
uncertainty is already behind and there is some amount of improvement 
in the client decision making process? 
K Krithivasan: 
We have not started seeing that so far, Sudheer. Because as we know, 
like even with China, unless they have framework deal like the actual 
deal and tariffs are not being announced. And my guess is that till 
almost all the trade deals are announced, there will be this lack of 
clarity. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kumar Rakesh 
from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions and welcome 
Aarthi to the TCS team. My best wishes. My first question was it appears 
like decision-making, which you spoke about, deteriorated towards the 
end of the quarter. What are the risks to the September quarter?  
 
What I'm trying to understand is all the project delays and the pauses 
which happened during the quarter, is it fully reflected in the number 
which we have reported or there's more to come into the September 
quarter as well? 
K Krithivasan: 
Whatever delays that we had have been to a great extent factored into 
our Q1 numbers. Of course, there will be some small residual effect in 
Q2 as well. And if there are no further delays, Q2 should be at least 
better than Q1, but we need to wait and watch based on what happens 
in the market. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks for that. My second question was on margins. So, before we 
entered with the BSNL deal, our margin was trending about 25%-26% 
at EBIT level. And understandably after that the margin came down. 
And now we have exited from the BSNL deal, but our margin is below 
the levels where it was prior to BSNL deal.  
 
Now between this period, you have lowered your SG&A expenses. I 
imagine that your employee pyramid also would have improved. You 
have spoken about how productivity has improved over the last 1 year 
and pricing also seems to be stable. So, what is pulling down your 
margin compared to where it was before the BSNL deal? 
Samir Seksaria: 
A good comparison would be the year-on-year margin. And yes, it's 20 
basis points down on a year-on-year basis. Through the year, like we 
have called out on in our earlier quarterly earnings commentary also, 
we have continued to make investments in people. like we had called 
out in Q4.  
 
And overall, the investments which are required for long-term growth 
continue. In this quarter as well, we have invested in capacity. We 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
continued our investments and that is what is reflecting into our 
margins. Having said that, if you look at it, the capacity versus the 
demand contraction mismatch, leads to us carrying excess capacity or 
additional capacity, which should help us in our future demand.  
 
Going forward, we should be able to further tighten our operating 
leverage. And Kumar, if you remember last quarter, we said that if 
uncertainty continues, we might have impact or lower operating 
leverage. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks, Samir for that. Just one clarification on the international 
revenue to be similar to last year, which you have spoken about. Is that 
in USD terms you're talking about or constant currency, because on a 
full year basis, we'll have a sizable cross-currency impact? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Constant currency terms. Like-to-like the international revenue to 
international revenue, constant currency term. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Great. Thanks a lot and that's all from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ankur Rudra 
from JP. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Hi. Thank you. My first question is in terms of the weakness you've seen 
across a range of industries, and you did highlight it's a little bit the trade 
affected sectors and geopolitics in general. Could you also mention if 
there's any kind of -- I wouldn't say pricing pressure, any kind of out-of-
turn demand for productivity pass-through that you may be seeing in 
across industries, perhaps more because of the current demand 
environment? 
K Krithivasan: 
Ankur, pricing has been reasonably stable at an overall level. But if you 
ask like is there any demand on productivity, there are instances where 
large deals are coming up for re-negotiation, there is a demand for 
productivity, either -- we don't see much coming as a pure discount, but 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
coming as AI-infused productivity or generic otherwise also a normal 
productivity.  
 
But it is not industry specific. I would say it's more based on the size of 
the deal or the tenure of the deal. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Will this impact the revenue conversion from the signings because 
we've had our book to bill at about 1.3 for a while, but our revenues 
haven't picked up. I understand some of it is more near term because 
of the recent trade uncertainties. But do you think AI-infused profit pass-
through might impact the revenue conversion we might have in the 
medium term? 
K Krithivasan: 
Revenue conversion from signing is not impacted because of 
productivity. Because usually the productivity is given up at the time of 
signing. So, once we sign, we don't see demands on productivity during 
the term of the deal, normally, if at all it happens to be very, very rare.  
 
We are giving as I said AI-increased productivity, but it's when we 
signed the deal itself. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. Thank you for the clarification. Could you talk a bit about how the 
pipeline replenishment is going on? I understand in the near term, 
there's been some deferrals and delays, but in terms of overall pipeline 
formation, how is that progressing? 
K Krithivasan: 
Ankur the overall pipeline has remained quite strong. We measured it 
in terms of pipeline from multiple industry verticals as well as 
geographies. On both dimensions, the pipeline has remained strong. 
We have been able to replenish all the deal closures that happened in 
Q1. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. Just the last question on margins. You did highlight that you're 
investing in talent, which is why margins haven't picked up despite the 
BSNL ramp down. Now, you have a new BSNL contract that will be 
ramping up perhaps from the next quarter onwards. Isn't there going to 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
be a significant headwind on margins? How should the margin trajectory 
be for the rest of the year? Are there any levers you might pull to hold 
your margins here? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Ankur, like I said, we invested into capacity, anticipating growth this 
quarter. While we saw a demand contraction in the later half of the 
quarter, we continued carrying a larger capacity. In terms of levers, we 
will focus on improving our operating leverage in Q2. 
 
And the key levers would be on improving our utilization, which took a 
hit this quarter, improving our productivity and focus on pyramid. These 
would be the levers. As you rightly called out, from a headwind 
perspective as we start delivering the second phase of the BSNL order, 
the revenue mix might get slightly impacted. But overall, at a  portfolio 
level, we'll look towards improving margins from here. 
Ankur Rudra: 
And just as a quick follow-up, how much of the utilization improvement 
is dependent on revenue growth on the international business in the 
subsequent quarters? 
Samir Seksaria: 
We would want to drive revenue growth, but we will look at optimization 
because there is capacity, which is built up into the system. We will not 
leave demand on the table, but we'll also look towards optimization. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay, appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ravi Menon 
from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Samir, looks like there has been 
significant hiring, probably at the mid and senior levels, because I see 
that despite the BSNL contract pass-through costs going down, direct 
costs have not gone down as much. Would that interpretation be right? 
Samir Seksaria: 
So Ravi, so you would see a 70 basis points decline on positive impact 
because of lower third-party expenses and a similar like-to-like increase 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
in employee costs. And this includes, as you rightly called out, not just 
the hiring, we have given additional QVA. 
Ravi Menon: 
Okay. Right, thanks. BFSI has seen a slight decline Q-o-Q. This is I'd 
say, kind of resets the momentum that we had seen beginning of last 
year. But BaNCS have actually been reporting good results. Any 
positive signs that you're seeing from BaNCS customers now? Or this 
is expected to continue? 
K Krithivasan: 
No. Actually Ravi, positive side of it is that BFSI North America and 
BFSI UK have a marginal growth. The decline came from BFSI Europe, 
driven by the completion of a large engagement that we had taken. But 
otherwise, structurally, yes, there is some amount of delay, however 
North America and UK, particularly in BFSI, are continuing their growth 
path. 
Ravi Menon: 
One last question. On the high-tech side, that's where we had seen the 
spending cut start. Now that seems to be trending up. And this is where 
we've also seen some of your peers have to pass on significant 
productivity improvements. Looks like you're not seeing any such 
demands, right? 
K Krithivasan: 
By and large, we are seeing a growth, with the exception of one or two 
clients, we’re seeing strong growth in the high-tech segment. 
Ravi Menon:  
Thanks so much. And best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Abhishek 
Pathak from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. The first question was around the 
new BSNL order we received in May. When do we expect this to ramp 
up? I mean, is this going to be a one-shot ramp up in 2Q and then ramp 
down in the next quarter? That's the first question. 
 
And the second question is around margins, again. I understand that 
you are carrying excess capacity. But considering we have attrition 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
trending upwards of 13%, why would we carry this capacity? I mean, do 
we expect a materially better H2 with regards to growth in anticipation 
of which we are holding this capacity? 
 
Because our cost of revenues, the employee cost at 47.6% is probably 
at an all-time high. And considering we will have BSNL headwinds 
coming in 2Q as well as the potential wage hikes, just trying to 
understand how much of this will be offset by the operating leverage 
that we are expecting? So those were the two questions. Thank you. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Abhishek, first, on the BSNL deal, we just received an advance 
Purchase Order. So this is not in the TCV yet. We are awaiting circle-
wise POs. Once we get it, then the execution starts. Once the circle-
wise POs are available, you can expect execution on a similar trajectory 
to the one we delivered on the 100,000 sites. 
Coming to margins. Your question was in terms of, is it in anticipation 
of our demand. We added people in Q1 in anticipation of what we want 
to service in Q1 and what happened through Q1 was a reduction, or 
contraction in demand. That's where we carried that excess capacity. 
So, we pre-planned it, but Q1 did not align with our initial expectations. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Understood. So just to sort of follow up. Our employee costs are, as I 
mentioned, almost at an all-time high. So, as growth picks up, we expect 
that to materially trend downwards towards the 45% range, let's say, 
over the next two, three quarters. That's where we should be expecting 
those gains to come from. 
Samir Seksaria: 
So, two clarifications, Abhishek. One is, if you're comparing sequentially 
Q4 versus Q1, the employee cost as a percentage of revenue might not 
be directly comparable, because the revenue mix is different. There was 
a significant third-party component sitting in the revenue till last quarter. 
Having said that, your question in terms of current revenues or 
employee costs at 47%, should we be trying to optimize it? Yes, we'll 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
look towards optimizing that and bringing that as a percentage of 
revenue downwards. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nitin 
Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes. Hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. You sounded 
pretty cautious on BFSI overall in the commentary. But if I look at the 
deal wins, on a trailing 12 months, BFSI deal wins seem to be up 12%. 
So, if you could just help contextualize, are you seeing any re-scoping 
downwards or any such thing? Or was it just a broader comment? 
K Krithivasan: 
Like every other industry, Nitin, there are some places where there is a 
project pause or scope reduction. But otherwise, as we said, we are 
continuing to be quite positive in the medium-to-long-term on the BFSI 
based on, as you rightly pointed out, the order book closures in the last 
year. But there are instances of delays or scope reductions that have 
come up. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Right. Just to understand, on a sequential basis, last quarter versus this 
quarter, would you characterize that the demand is actually, at least 
from an environment perspective, has got worse or it's the same for 
BFSI specifically and across the board as well? 
K Krithivasan: 
If you look at a revenue basis, you can see that the revenue has an 
overall drop, but there is a very minor growth in North America and UK 
So, it is, to some extent, geography specific. North America and UK 
demand in BFSI has remained stable and Europe has seen a 
contraction. 
But if you take it from a TCV perspective, we don't want to get a quarter-
on-quarter comparison on TCV because it tends to be lumpy, like some 
quarters you sign very big deal and some deal closures also happen 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
towards the end of the quarter. So, we don't want to go by a quarter-on-
quarter TCV comparison. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Got it. But just from a pure -- because there is a dichotomy, our deal 
wins over the last three quarters, including this one, have been pretty 
decent, actually. On the one hand, the deal wins are decent. You seem 
to have a good pipeline.  
But on the other hand, we seem to be seeing maybe the re-scoping and 
the negative surprises on demand, like we saw this quarter. So, from 
that perspective, now what exactly, how would you sort of explain this? 
Because people seem to be signing, but they don't seem to be 
executing. 
K Krithivasan: 
What's happening in some of the deals, where the clients decide that 
they can reprioritize, or de-scope, I was explaining in the earlier 
question, there was one particular large client, where they decided that 
maybe the particular work can be done, they can delay the work or 
extend the period over which the work can be done, and they ramped 
down the number of people that were engaged. 
So, here the deal was neither cancelled nor paused, but the duration of 
the deal was increased to give them more time to manage their spend. 
There are some places where we find the projects are started but 
started at a slower pace. And there are some places where the projects 
are paused for a duration. 
So, you see a combination of all these things, which together bring this 
scenario of overall deal signings are okay, pipeline is okay, but the 
immediate quarter revenue numbers are not in sync with what we 
should be expecting. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Got it. Just one last clarification from my end. You are currently 
assuming that international business should be better in the following 
quarter, and BSNL, it will take time until the POs come through for the 
actual execution to take place. Are those two fair understanding? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
K Krithivasan: 
Nitin, as you know, we don’t give any specific guidance, but on the 
international revenue part, we are more optimistic in the coming quarter.  
Samir Seksaria: 
Yes, we are awaiting the BSNL PO. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Got it. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Gupta from Axis 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Hello. Thank you so much, sir, for taking my question. Sir, mostly the 
question is like on the North America side, if I take the last 12 quarter 
CQGR, it seems to be kind of flat to slightly negative. So North America 
being one of the biggest markets, like where are we losing in this 
market? And why -- is it not growing on an absolute basis for us? 
K Krithivasan: 
Abhishek, I will not characterize it as losing any market share in North 
America. For starters, we are participating in almost all major 
engagements. And we are also winning our fair share and that is 
consistent or improving. 
But overall, as we explained, like, while we are winning, there are 
instances where you have project delays or ramp down, which is 
causing the growth to be offset. So that is what the end result you see. 
So, I do not think that we are actually losing anything in North America, 
Abhishek. 
Abhishek Gupta: 
Got it. And sir, lastly, from my side, if I look at your client's metrics, there 
seems to be two clients -- in size have gone down from US$100 million 
buckets. Is it a concerning point for as an investor or how do you look 
at the metrics? 
K Krithivasan: 
So, Abhishek, whenever there is a revenue reduction, it's concerning. 
So, we are worried. Our client metrics are based on last 12 months’ 
revenue in dollar terms. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
So, if a particular client is on the borderline or let us say $101 million 
and because of this overall reduction in revenue, the client moves from 
101 to even 99.5, we will no longer count that particular customer as a 
$100 million client. So, it is a concern. 
Is it something that we should worry about? I will not because once the 
growth returns, these customers will be back onto the 100 million plus 
range. 
 
And there are some cases, even because of the cross-currency 
movement also, where customers move back and forth. And if they are 
in the borderline case, they may move back and forth between 100 
million above or below.  
Abhishek Gupta: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question, I am trying to 
understand the investments that we talked about in creating capacity as 
well as on building talent pool. Is there some specific hiring going on 
that is upfronted in the cost? 
 
And that is why the employee cost in absolute terms is up by $150 
million, while the number of employees has not increased significantly. 
Just trying to understand why there is a big jump in employee costs in 
the last 2 quarters, whereas our international revenues have largely 
remained flat? 
Samir Seksaria: 
As I clarified, it is not just adding people. We have given a higher QVA 
as well this quarter. Last quarter, we had called out about tactical 
interventions, which were by way of promotions. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. My second question is on the conversation that we are having at 
the time of renewals. Have you seen more conversations around 
infusing Generative AI technology on the renewals? 
 
And where would we be in our journey of taking this technology to our 
top 100 clients? Let's say, have we already reached out to our top 100 
clients and are trying to proactively use this technology and infuse that 
in all our existing work packages? Just trying to understand where are 
we in the journey? 
K Krithivasan: 
Gaurav, you are right. Whenever there is a renewal, we go back to our 
clients with an AI infused solution. But to be honest, we don't wait to 
infuse AI for the renewal in most of our clients. 
 
Whenever we see an opportunity, where an AI-infused solution can give 
better productivity and a better outcome for our customers, we 
proactively do that. And we do it in almost all kinds of projects, whether 
it's a cost optimization program or it is a transformation program. 
Whenever we look for the opportunity, we look for it in every phase of 
the project and every type of project. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Last question, Krithi, on Agentic AI solution. How are the 
contracts structured with the clients? Is it largely in the form of fixed-
price projects or is it also being sold as some license fee? Just trying to 
understand, how are we trying to monetize our solutions around Agentic 
AI? Thank you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Gaurav, this is an evolving space. You will see multiple opportunities. 
There are some where we do based on the outcome. There are some 
customers that expect that this is better to do it on T&M. Because as it 
is evolving, they also want to see how they are able to benefit from the 
results. So, they want to do it on T&M. And then after a period of time, 
move towards the fixed-price model. So, we are seeing both options 
here. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
July 10, 2025, 19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question 
for today. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. Over to you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, operator. In Q1 FY '26, our revenue declined by 3.1% year-
on-year in constant currency with an operating margin of 24.5% and a 
net margin of 20.1%. Our TCV was robust at US$9.44 billion in Q1. 
 
We are closely monitoring developments worldwide and remain 
committed to maintaining strong client relationships, positioning 
ourselves as a strategic partner. 
 
I would like to express my gratitude to all TCSers for their hard work 
and unwavering dedication in realizing both their own potential and that 
of the company.  
With that, we wrap up our call today. Thank you all for joining us. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TCS, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note:  
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to 
be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
