 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Magnum Tower, 9th Floor                                            T +91 124 485 2400 
Golf Course Extension Road, Sector- 58                    www.akzonobel.co.in 
Gurugram – 122 011, Haryana, India                          
 
Registered office: 801A, South City Business Park, 770, Anandapur, E M Bypass, Near Fortis Hospital, Kolkata – 700 107 
CIN: L24292WB1954PLC021516 
20th May 2025 
 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500710 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: AKZOINDIA 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Group Investor Call Transcript  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
group investor call conducted by the company on 15th May 2025 with regard to the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2025.  
 
This has been uploaded on the Company website also and can be accessed through the link: 
https://akzonobel.co.in/investors.php#im 
 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
for Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajiv L Jha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5948 
 
Encl: as above.  
RAJIV 
LOCHA
N JHA
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV 
LOCHAN JHA 
Date: 2025.05.20 
19:40:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Webinar” 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV RAJGOPAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RALLAPALLI KRISHNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AKZO NOBEL 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV L. JHA– COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER– AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Webinar of Akzo 
Nobel India hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Joshi. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks, Michelle. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 FY '25 and FY 
'25 results webinar of Akzo Nobel India. We have with us senior management today represented 
by Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. R. Krishna, CFO and Whole-
Time Director and Mr. Rajiv L. Jha, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Rajiv Jha to take through the initial statements. Then we will 
hand it over to Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal for his initial comments on the quarterly as well as annual 
performance. Then we will have question-and-answer session. Thanks and over to you, Mr. 
Rajiv Jha. 
Rajiv Jha: 
Yes. Okay. So a very good morning to all participants in our Q4 and Annual Investor Call. And 
as per our process, we are starting with that safe harbor statement, and I'm just reading out to 
you. This presentation contains statements which address such key issues like Akzo Nobel's 
growth strategy, future financial results, market positions, product development, products in the 
pipeline and product approvals.  
Such statements should be carefully considered and it should be understood that many factors 
could cause forecast and actual results to differ from these statements. These factors include, but 
are not limited to price fluctuations, currency fluctuations, developments in raw material and 
personnel costs, pensions, physical and environmental risks, legal issues and legislative, fiscal 
and other regulatory measures as well as significant market disruptions.  
Stated competitive positions are based on management estimates supported by information 
provided by specialized external agencies. For a more comprehensive discussion of the risk 
factors affecting our business, please see our latest annual report and the annual report that we 
will be dispatching very soon for financial year 2024-25. 
 
Also, the company has been making the required disclosures or clarification from time to time 
to BSE and NSE pertaining to Akzo Nobel N.V., which is our parent and promoter entity. Media 
releases on portfolio review with initial focus on Deco South Asia and the management would 
not be responding to any general and or specific query in this regard in Investors call. However, 
the investors or public at large would be kept informed of any updates in this regard as per listing 
regulations. 
 
So with this, I'm handing it over to Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you. Thank you, Rajiv. Good morning to all our investors on the call and thank you to 
the ICICI Securities team for setting this up. I'm not going to run through the deck. I think that's 
a passe old style. We've loaded the deck on our portal and on the stock exchanges for all of you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
to have a look. From my perspective, if you look at the last quarter, we've had industry-leading 
growth of 5%.  
The good news as far as decorative paints is concerned is that we move towards a revenue which 
was flattish, led by premium and urban towns. So it's slightly different from what the industry 
has seen. We've seen good growth coming back in premium and also in our urban towns. Our 
challenge was really in the mass economy putty categories where really we saw a huge amount 
of price erosion, discounting and we chose that we will not actively play in the last quarter.  
We've just decided to be sensible and we've seen that some of the volumes that we lost in March 
came back in April and at a YTD level back in these categories. So really just want to reassure 
the investors that, look, there's no specific change in strategy or anything. Our strategy remains 
to drive market share gain and do it in a relatively profitable manner without diluting EBIT 
margins hugely.  
On our coatings business, we've seen double-digit growth. We continue to see very strong 
growth and that's because we are seeing rounded performance, whether it's marine and protective 
or our industrial coatings, which has had a sharp comeback through some excellent execution 
by the team and our powder coating business. Our automotive and specialty coating business 
has had a little weaker demand, partly from the retail side of the business, yes. But I think that's 
also -- there is an uptick, particularly on the premium side, which is where we've been really 
focused, yes. 
 
Overall, I would say when you look at the performances -- the brand, distribution, I think we are 
making significant progress. We have also incurred some costs in the last quarter, starting from 
the prior quarter actually, where we made serious investments on reshaping the way we work 
with investments in digital.  
Yes, what we are trying to do is to enhance consumer experience or customer experience and 
also make sure that we have a way of working that not just enables us for enhancement of say 
leads or customer experience, but also drive productivity in a meaningful manner. With this, let 
me quickly hand it over to Krishna to give you an overview of the financials and the 
performance. Krishna? 
R. Krishna: 
So thanks, Rajiv. And as the deck has already uploaded, Rajiv has given the overview in terms 
of how we shaped up our business in the last quarter. Happy to report that we have struck a 
balance between the growth and the profitability. We largely protected our profitability despite 
incurring the growth project costs, which has been mentioned by Rajiv previously.  
And our focus remains in terms of ensuring that we do invest in the business, which will have a 
significant presence for the long-term sustainable growth trajectory of this company. And we 
are committed to deliver the superlative performance in terms of the operating working capital 
by churning the cash efficiently, which is also reflected in the results which we shared. 
 
With that, I would hand it over back to Manoj and Rajiv. Rajiv, back to you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So that's it. I think we've loaded the deck. I think there's no point running slide by slide. I 
think all of you know the numbers and have seen the highlights. You've had enough time, I 
guess, to also munch it. So I think it's best that we brace for the questions. And I hand it back 
over to Manoj and Aniruddha and to all of you to open the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first audio 
question is from the line of Mrunmayee Jogalekar, from Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediates. 
Please go ahead. Ladies and gentlemen, the participant is not answering. We will move on to the 
next text question, which is from the line of Pratik Soni from Go Digit Life Insurance Limited. 
And the question is -- I'm sorry, sir, he was unable to hear you for some reason. So that is what 
he said. 
 
We'll move on to the next question, which is from Darshit Vora from Asit C Mehta Investment 
Intermediates. And the question is GM was impacted due to mix. Which segment has this impact 
come into? Because you have also mentioned that you have stayed out of the mass segments? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So look, I think there are two types of mixes in our case. Obviously, when our coatings 
vertical does better than paints, obviously, that's a slight margin shift because decorative is one 
of the higher margin profile businesses that we have. So that's one. Two, the carry forward of 
the pricing of last year almost negated. There were two price drops that happened. And as a 
result and because of the competitive intensity, obviously, the market discount has marginally 
gone up. So I think these are the two factors. Krishna, do you want to add something? 
R. Krishna: 
I think this is largely driven by the B2B and B2C product mix. And we held our efficiencies in 
terms of the raw material sourcing and which is also largely protected. Of course, the forex 
volatility continued, which has some amount of impact in terms of the margin development. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Sorry, I think there were some connection issues at my end. I'm audible, right, Rajiv and team? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay. Rajiv, so just wanted to just pick your perspective on one particular aspect that of industry 
growth. If I take a step back and go, let's say, 12, 15, 18 months back, there was a consensus 
narrative, honestly not our view. We had a honestly very different view actually at an industry 
level.  
There's a consensus narrative or expectation that, let's say, the -- given the expected heightened 
competitive intensity of Birla entering at that point in time, it was assumed that the market leader 
will be largely fine. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry Manoj, your voice is breaking.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Manoj Menon: 
players 2, 3, 4, 5 will actually get impacted and I do find – I will come back in a minute or two. 
Thank you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay. Let's proceed with the next question until Manoj gets his line right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Lakshminarayanan Ganapathi from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
L. Ganapathi: 
Sir, two questions. The first is that when I just look at like-to-like, so in a sense that there has 
been some divestment of certain businesses, which has already been announced. So if you just 
remove it from our top line and bottom line for both last year and this year, what has been the 
growth of the going concern, which is the divestment part. So that is the first question. FY '24, 
what is the revenue and FY '25 like-to-like, what has been the growth both on the top line and 
in terms of EBIT? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes, Krishna is answering that Lakshmi for you. Yes, Krishna. 
R. Krishna: 
I think the IndAS 105, the assets held for sale accounting has not triggered anything in the P&L 
portion. And it's only reflected in the balance sheet where we classify the fixed assets into the 
current assets. So the P&L disclosure of 5% growth is on a like-to-like basis. 
L. Ganapathi: 
Got it. I have a next question. So if I look at -- I think Manoj was also mentioning the same 
thing. So when we look back a year or maybe 18 months back, there is a kind of a narrative that 
the competition will find it difficult to come in and therefore, it will be -- we have seen 
competition from various players, Sherwin-Williams had come, PPG had come, so it's not going 
to be a major issue.  
But now I see that it is being documented across the presentation that competitive intensity is 
making inroads and therefore, top line is having problem, bottom line is having a problem. So 
there's a narrative shift that has actually happened. Just want to hear your thoughts on... 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Your voice is breaking a bit. 
L. Ganapathi: 
What is the reality, what is the noise. Yes. My question is that what is the reality and what is the 
noise in this particular thing of competition and where it is more visible? Is it rural, urban? Is it 
low end, high end? So your thoughts are welcome, Rajiv. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay. Got it. So look, I think -- look, the narrative is not written by us. We are very focused on 
what we need to do. And perhaps that's why our performances have been what they are. Our 
focus is to continue and I've been maintaining this over the last four quarters, five quarters when 
you talk of competitive intensity. That our focus is to continue to drive market share gain without 
diluting hugely the profitability.  
And I think we are pretty much on our objectives of what we said, Lakshmi. You will agree to 
that, I'm sure. The second. On the specific question of the new entrants, etcetera, look, I think 
the larger comment was made that in this category in paints and it's not us, some of the people 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
who really understand paints as a business even amongst the newcomers have said it's not 
capacity that drives a new business.  
Frankly, it is brand distribution and it's a classical FMCG sort of model in the paints part of the 
business, which is slightly different than in the coatings part of the business. I stick to that. Yes. 
I think, look, what you've seen in the market in terms of erosion of market share is what I've 
worked now in three different industries in telecom, in FMCG, where we've seen these type of 
huge attacks by a price warrior or by a new entrant. 
 
In this game, I think you have to give credit that you're trying to build a brand and trying to -- 
and while doing it, going at pricing, which is way below what the industry operates, 15% even 
in certain markets, 20% is unheard of. I think -- and I think that there will be obviously a point 
of time when this will all start seeming to come back.  
So in the short run, there has been an impact. Obviously, when a lead player adds upwards of 
INR2,000 crores and a couple of these players have done well. Let's give credit to people who've 
done what they've done. Yes. I think the reality is, obviously, what we've done in terms of 
strategy is not -- has to be further sharpened to make sure that we are able to actively participate. 
 
So what we've seen is a short-term erosion of volumes, I would say. But if you look at it from a 
long-term perspective and even decorative, the fact is we are bouncing back. Ultimately, the 
brand strength has to be very strong. If you go and do a market, we've just done a brand equity 
study just a few months ago.  
Clearly, the top brands are coming out still very strongly in the minds of the consumer. So it's 
not easy to displace. And I think we've been very focused on decorative, on our coatings vertical 
and we've not digressed in terms of what we need to. And as a result, we've been very disciplined 
in terms of execution in the market. And to me, that's why I think we've been performing what 
we have. 
 
Even if we were to go off track, I would tell you that the performances will fall and that's our 
job as leaders and as a management team to make sure our teams are completely following the 
script and really executing to what we ask for, yes. So Lakshmi, that's the answer. So the 
industry, if you ask me, the reason why some of the other -- some of the players, I think Manoj 
also tried to allude to it, so we couldn't hear him clearly.  
I assume the question he was asking is the narrative was that the players who are growing seem 
to be different from what the narrative is. I think that's because each player has got a strategy. 
We are looking at customers, consumers. We are trying to see how we can create a meaningful 
differentiation and do it in a sustained manner. This is not about 1 quarter. You look at the full 
year performance, Lakshmi.  
I think by far, amongst all the listed players so far released the results, our numbers are way 
ahead compared to rest of the industry. And that tells you that what we are building is a long 
sustainable growth business. We are not doing short terms. Hopefully, answers your question. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
L. Ganapathi: 
Yes. I mean exceptional growth in the times with 5% growth. Just one last question from my 
side. In the last 6 months, did you see any kind of an attrition numbers in your sales and 
marketing and ASM level people? Has the attrition gone up or down, especially in the last 6 
months? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, the attritions haven't really gone up. I think the industry numbers are now more or less 
firming. Our challenge has not been in the attrition, but I'll also be honest in saying our challenge 
has been that in the recruitments we've had, we've had a bit of dropouts. So it's in filling the 
positions, but that's also getting addressed. 
L. Ganapathi: 
Got it. And in terms of your distribution reach, what has been the increase in the last 1 year in 
terms of either machines or absolute shelf spaces/retail counters? What has been our expansion? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
When you look at competition, they look at gross adds. They don't look at net adds. And so I'll 
stick to the gross adds. Otherwise, you will wonder why my numbers are what they are. So from 
a gross perspective, we continue to add 3,000-plus machines. Look, Lakshmi, our definitions are 
a little more stringent because I look at productivity, I look at what we call the tinting machine 
productivity. And what I've seen is an uptick of 2%.  
Let me explain this to you. See, earlier, if you take a 5-year average, if we were growing at 6%, 
yes, only 1/10 came from existing stores and about 5% came from new stores or newer outlets. 
What we are trying to do is trying to reshape it. And why do we need to reshape it? Because in 
the intensified competition, it's very important that your own stores, you first protect before you 
start now investing in the new store.  
Otherwise, you will start having lapsed dealers over a period of time and that both in terms of 
money you spend on distribution, discount, everything will go waste. So there's been a slight 
tactical change we've done in some of the key markets, which is what I think we are benefiting.  
Secondly, over a period of time, Dulux never played in parts of the portfolio. Even today, our 
numbers are without construction chemicals. We've not yet started our construction. We are 
ready to launch, but we've not entered it. The moment we enter it, you can imagine what you're 
seeing already what other players are talking of in terms of growth. And the reason I didn't want 
to do it is we are doing a lot of testing because we -- I want to make sure that in the products we 
play, we are significantly superior to our competitors and not just iffy. 
 
So that's why we are taking time. We are ready. We could have launched, but we want to make 
sure that both -- and we also want to make sure it's margin accretive, not dilutive as we move 
forward. So it's structurally growing the business in the right manner. As we do that, we will 
start -- you will start seeing further uptick in our performances as we move forward in the 
decorative part.  
In Coatings, we are doing well. I think the key is to make sure that we continue to grow well. 
Our performances in Marine & Protective, whether it's in our Marine business or in our 
Protective business has been strong. The order book is still reasonably strong in our Coatings 
business. So yes, we will have a couple of bumps because there was a lot of projects that started 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
last year, which ends in May, June, but that notwithstanding -- timing notwithstanding, I think 
structurally, we are poised to continue to grow double digit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next audio question from Jeet Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Jeet Shah: 
So my question is with respect to the new 11 experienced stores, which we have opened during 
the quarter. So by which time we are expecting revenue streaming from those new stores? And 
what is really idea behind those stores? Because as far as I understand, business would be driving 
from interior decorators as well. So what is the idea behind those stores? And by which time we 
can expect the revenue would be streaming from those stores? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. I couldn't hear the last part. So you said you opened 11 experiential stores. 
Jeet Shah: 
Okay. So by which time we are expecting revenue to be streaming from those stores? And what 
is really the idea behind those stores? Because majority of business, I assume, would be driving 
from the interior consultants, like a typical consumer would hire an interior consultant to get 
those paints. So what is really the idea behind those stores? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I think, Jeet, you've answered the question in a way. Thank you for that. I think the purpose of 
the experiential stores is, look, Dulux is best-in-class quality, international and has color 
expertise. These are the core values of what Dulux brings on the table. So what better way to 
enhance customer experience and have experiential stores.  
To be honest, this is something that we've lifted from some of our overseas markets, primarily 
in Latin America and the United Kingdom, where we brought these experiential stores, our teams 
have, over the years, gone there and seen what they do. The idea is also as we build our architect 
organization to make sure that consumers can walk in and have a preference, which is 
significantly superior in look, feel, etcetera. 
 
Now 11 is a small number. So really honestly, for me to say the revenue will come out of it is 
not apt. Our idea is that over a period of time, we want to open hundreds of these stores. And we 
are not doing -- the entire capex is not on us. It's a shared model with the dealers with whom 
we've got great relationships. And the idea is to partake in it together to grow this business, yes.  
So that's the simple model. That's the idea. And the idea is to enhance customer experiences in 
markets where we really think that this can help the brand and to make sure that we are able to 
strategically get to the next level of the architects, interior designers. So that's really the answer, 
Jeet. Could we have the next question? 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next text question from Mrunmayee Jogalekar from Asit C Mehta Investment. 
And the question is, can you give a sense of what are the EBITDA margins for the different 
segments within Industrial so far, Auto, Power, MPY and ICO. Also, can you give a sense of 
the revenue? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, we do not give EBITDA margins by businesses. I'm sorry, we don't do that. 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
We have a single reportable business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes, we have a single reportable line. So what you see is what you get. 
Moderator: 
All right. And the second, it's a clarification. Did you mention Deco revenue growth was flat in 
the quarter? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next audio question from Santosh Keshri from SKK Huf. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Great. Two questions from my side. One is that the volume -- from the volume front, if you can 
give the details of the sales without the Powder Coating business because we understand that, 
that is under the discontinued business -- discontinued operations in the balance sheet. So in the 
profit and loss account for this quarter, what is the volume growth for other than Powder Coating 
business? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I'm afraid we will not be able to give it because at this point of time, when we report the quarter 
report, the audited signed off numbers include Powder Coatings. Until the point of time that 
Akzo Nobel N.V. completes the elements of what the powder coating separation is, which is 
why we've taken two months extension, we would not be in a position to give you operations-
wise numbers. We will, at appropriate time, do it. Your company is one of the best in 
governance. So you can rest be assured we will inform the stock exchanges and not come to 
individual investors, but do it in a manner which is completely clean and above board. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Okay. Understood, Rajiv. Second question is about the capex. Like in the -- if I exclude the 
discontinued operations assets that is classified as held for sale, that is INR329 crores. And the 
fixed assets that's there -- the tangible fixed assets is INR395 crores compared to the last year's 
INR436 crores. So what is the addition to the fixed assets in the continued business part for the 
year? 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
So we have a couple of growth projects which are running in terms of capacity augmentation for 
some of the coating businesses. And then it is also the mixing machine placements to enhance 
the numeric reach and the distribution breadth. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So we will, in a couple of weeks or a month, in a month, make a massive announcement. We are 
going to change the way we -- the paint market operates. I'm not in a position to share that today, 
but you will hear an announcement come in the next month or so, which the team will make in 
terms of why we genuinely think we are now the unique and one of the best-in-class paints in 
the industry, yes. 
 
So there's work happening and some of the investments, as Krishna has said, is in line with it. 
We are happy to take your question in the next call because by then, we would have informed 
all of you and the market and the stock exchanges of what we are unleashing. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Okay. Great, Rajiv. In fact, I have been your consumer for a long time. When we got our building 
painted in Mumbai. So we discovered that Dulux paint is among the best in business and the 
chemicals that it's been used is not bad for health unlike the other paint companies, which were 
some people pointed out that there were carcinogenic and other elements inside. So since then, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
I have been tracking Dulux, and it's been more than 8 years. Then I was secretary of my building. 
Now I have out of AMC, but I'm still invested in your company. So I discovered your company 
through painting work that happened. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Dhiraj Dave from Samvad Financial Services LLP. And the 
question is how market regional growth is in different segments, say, urban and rural. Also next 
2, 3 years, what is the management's view about growth in urban and rural market? And the 
second question is -- okay, sir, you may answer this, and I'll ask you the second question. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So look, I think, as I mentioned, our urban growths are much faster. It's there in the deck. 
Our urban growth and premium grew significantly ahead. The reason is we took a bit of a pause 
in mass and economy, particularly from mid-Feb to end of March because discounting was going 
a little berserk.  
And as you can see, that's the reason we've been able to hold our margins relatively better than 
it. We've come back in April without doing too much. And we've been able to, on a YTD basis, 
get back to -- on a year-to-month basis at the end of April, get back to growth. So for me, I think 
it's also of making sure that we are able to sustainably grow our business. So really, hopefully, 
that answers your question. 
 
In terms of rural, look, upticks are there. But I think structurally, I said it in the last investor call, 
I expected post monsoons around before Diwali, what we call season typically, starting August 
is when you'll really get to see the pull of the rural economy. You're seeing all the players, 
different players have different results. But if you pull the FMCG together, you will still see that 
the rural uptick has been relatively -- of course, there are 1 or 2 outliers. But relatively, when 
you combine a bunch, you'll still see that rural is still relatively muted.  
I think it will start improving because inflationary -- inflation has come down to 3%, 3.6% as 
headline. We believe that, look, I do think that there's going to be a lot of other positive factors 
driving the economy and consumption. And with the tax change, which has got implemented in 
-- from April, I think the smaller town incomes will start going up. And for people, they first 
spend on essentials and then come to discretionary. Since paints is in discretionary, that's the 
reason I expect this to be more in August rather than in April. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is how many retailer plus distribution points we reach as on 
31st March 2025? And what have been the growth over last year? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, I think we continue to grow in the high single-digit in terms of distribution. We've added, 
as I said, about 3,200 outlets. So it takes it to 22 plus. We look at in terms of also not just outlets, 
but outlets which transact to us on a periodicity, unlike just looking at number of outlets added 
in a year, right, because they have to transact with them, right? So that's what it is. 
How do I see it? Look, I think we'll continue to grow. One of the reasons we've started -- we 
launched the economy segment in 2021 was to make sure that we partake in the growth in a 
meaningful manner, and that started doing well. I think the pricing pressures are higher with the 
new entrants in the mass economy, texture, putty and these segments. And that's why you're 
seeing some erosion of margins in the decorative side. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
But overall, I think after 2, 3 months, I think that sanity on pricing will prevail. And I think then 
structurally, we should start coming back. Now whether it's 3 or 6 is a function of how the market 
dynamics continue to operate and how the new entrants decide to continuously play the game. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from Yash D, an Individual Investor. The question is, what 
has been the volume growth in decorative business in quarter 4? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So decorative had a very minor drop. We've had flat revenue. And the reason, as I told you, we 
capped our growth on putty and some of these in the last month. But it's not worrying for me 
because, again, in April, we came back. So structurally, if you were to ask me, I think decorative 
is going to look at least getting back to a -- for the fiscal getting back to a single-digit growth in 
terms of revenue and the volume should be a shade above. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Because there were price correction… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry, sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. Now there were some price corrections since January to April. So hence, volume will start 
surging a little higher than value at some point, not hugely, but marginally from our perspective. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
If you can ask the participants to remain on mute, because we can hear a lot of background noise. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next text question from Gaurav Kakkar from Balyasny. 
And the question is, does political or national uncertainty affect any strategic conversations you 
might be having? Maybe the time lines, if not the subject matter itself. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, as far as the strategic review is concerned, Rajiv has said, look, all I can say is there may 
be a time line given by the Global CEO that the transaction will be affected by the end of this 
quarter, by June end, right? I do not have any information, as you know, because of regulations, 
etcetera. I'm not directly involved, but I'm certain that if that is the way, that's the sort of time 
line. And in terms of political uncertainties, etcetera, look, I think the uncertainty -- I think the 
dark clouds have moved out. I think the sun is shining bright again. So let's hope -- I'll keep my 
fingers crossed. 
We've been through it months of this. And I think that the deal be, at some point of time, 
concluded successfully. And I'm sure that the buyer or the winning organization will see the 
value of this brand in the marketplace. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rashmi Jajoo from Goldman Sachs. And the question is, what is the 
projected capex for next 3 to 5 years? 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
We don't provide any forward-looking projection for the capex and financial estimates. Having 
said that, it will be in the normal trajectory, except for a couple of areas where we need to do 
some kind of capacity expansions in keeping in view of the growth trajectory of the business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Sir -- Krishna sir, I would request you to repeat it because your audio was too 
low, and we couldn't hear you properly. 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
Okay. So thanks, Rashmi, for asking this question. And we don't share financial projections 
forward-looking statements here. Having said that, the capex would be in the normal trajectory, 
except for a few areas where we need to augment our capacities and expand our capacities 
considering the growth trajectory of the business. This is all I can share at this moment of time. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dhiraj Dave from Samvad Financial Services LLP.And the question 
is, FY '25 dividend payout is more than 100%. While it is good, in medium term, what would 
be dividend payout ratio medium term? 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
So we have -- thanks, Dhiraj. We have the dividend distribution policy, which clearly outlines 
and which is in the part of the website and which mandates 85% of the retained profits can be 
distributed as a part of the dividend. 
Of course, '24- '25 is the 70th year of Akzo Nobel being present in India. There, we took the -- 
we have distributed as a onetime special dividend in the month of November of INR70. Thank 
you. Hope this answers your question. Thank you very much. 
Aniruddha: 
Aniruddha here. So I have 2, 3 questions from my side. So one question, we have seen we are 
doing well in B2B part of the business, which is also leading to market share gain for us. So 
what are the key things that we are doing right, which are helping to gain market share and do 
well also compared to the competition, if you can elaborate a bit more on that? 
Secondly, now there is a reduction in crude oil price, which is a key raw material. But at the 
same time, there is some increase in anti-dumping duty on rutile also. So net-net, how do you 
see the raw material situation? And in case there is some savings of, let's say, 50 to 150 bps, so 
what will be the strategy, whether to focus on margin expansion or whether to focus on -- invest 
that back to protect and gain further market share. So what will be the thinking on that process? 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
So Aniruddha, thanks for the question. Regarding the growth trajectory, what is driving the 
growth in the B2B business is absolutely the focus and the disciplined execution of the pipeline. 
And the teams are completely focused in terms of ensuring that the customer needs are met and 
through the innovative products and the services, -- which we have been telling over a period of 
time. So that at the end of the day, it's not a sale of a can of paint, rather it's a complete solution 
and the application, which is driving that growth trajectory and we would be able to largely 
retain and grow with the customers. Coming to the subsequent question in terms of, what was 
the second question, Aniruddha, if you can refresh? 
Aniruddha: 
Sir, there is a correction in commodity prices, but some increase in rutile prices. 
Rallapalli Krishna: 
So we are again consistent with our strategy in terms of that last year, if I refresh on these things, 
we will retain the profitability of the business, and we will invest back into the business in terms 
of ensuring that a sustainable growth trajectory is back, which we demonstrated over a period of 
last 1 year and which we will continue further. Rajiv, would you like to add? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, I think that's absolutely perfect. right? I think the fact is we've started moving towards 
positive trajectory in decorative. And the reason I use the word flat is because for me, a point 1 
and point 2 is not meaningful. It's not a -- I don't call it is flat, right? But suffice to say that, look, 
I think we are moving the needle. If you look at our retail business in decorative, it's hugely 
improved, over the last 3 quarters, and we are slowly seeing an uptick across various states. 
We are doing a lot of pilots, as you -- as I mentioned, we're doing a lot of other experiments. 
You've seen the experiential stores, what you've seen. As I said, Aniruddha we will also be in a 
month telling you a game changer, at least from our perspective that the team is executing on. 
We'll talk about it, right? So it's in a sustained way to really build this business to the next level. 
For me, very clearly, the ambition is to become the number 3 player in the decorative. It's a 
bleeding statement at this point of time with so many new players coming in. But at the end of 
the day, I think if you look at the last 3 years, our records hopefully tell a story because I always 
believe that numbers tell a story, yes. 
Aniruddha: 
Yes. Sir, last question from my side. If you can share a bit more details on the experiential stores. 
So it's a FOFO what kind of a business model? And then what will be the, in a way, revenue 
potential out of these stores? Also, whether we would be restricting it currently to North India 
only or we would have plans to expand it to West and South and Eastern markets also, plus 
whether it will be Tier 1 and metro strategy or we will, in a way, launch in smaller parts of the 
India also or smaller cities of India also? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So let me start with the second part. I think we want to start in towns which are material to our 
business, both in terms of size -- shared size presence. And while we are a urban town metro -- 
seen as a metro brand, you'll be surprised that actually our strength in some of our Tier 1 towns 
exceed some of the metros. For example, we are not really present in metros like Hyderabad or 
in a meaningful manner in retail, right? 
So really, in places where our brand equity is strong and we are not present, we want to use the 
experiential store to drive reference. And why we're doing it? Because as I explained earlier, the 
idea is that we are -- the world has changed. We are now trying to make sure that the brand 
strength and the quality is also seen by some of our applicators, architects, interior designers, 
given the shift that's happening in the way people consume paints at home, right? That's the 
broad picture. 
In terms of -- we are not -- as of now, even in the 11 stores is not only in North, it's in North and 
East, and there are some towns in West and towns in South where we've already started making 
inroads. Our idea is to pilot it. We are first trying to understand what are the elements of the 
experiential that will be differentiated, how can we build a sustainable model. 
 
These are dealer-owned outlets where we partake, we invest, partly invest, and that's how the 
model will be because really, our job is also then driving the traffic and making sure our dealers 
who invest, our partners who invest get the return on investment for the investments that we've 
asked them to make. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
So that's the simple model, Aniruddha. And we will talk a lot about it in the near future, right? 
You will see an announcement, and hopefully, that will give you some clarity. Till then, I would 
rather hold and not take the -- steal the thunder from the team which is working on it. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Aditya Yadav from Abakkus. 
And the question is, could you please shed some more light on the current supply and demand 
scenario? And what is the future outlook on the same? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, I think the paints industry is still seeing some early single-digit growth. It's very clear 
when you look at the industry with all the players in it. The question is that the margin profile 
of that growth, which is coming is at a lower profile than what we currently operate. So the trick 
isn't really putting strategies to make sure that we are able to carve out and partake in the 
incremental growth, which is really meaningful for us at this point of time. 
Because I think the demand situation will start and I've been consistent. In my view, I see no 
reason why the second half of the year should not be better than the first half of the year, given 
that last year, at this time, we had elections and results came in June. I personally believe that, 
look, the second half should be better, unless there is an external event, which again, I cannot 
comment on. 
Yes. So really, I think the future outlook, I would say that if you take a year from now, and I 
would not be very pessimistic, I would say within -- after a year from now, I do see demand 
uptick. This industry had gone from 1.2, 1.5 times GDP to 0.5 to 0.8 times GDP. I think it will 
slowly come back to 1 and then it will start creeping back to 1.2. For that, players with stronger 
brands, investments, distribution and doing the classical marketing will be the winners of it. 
And it's not a -- it's a battle that one has to fight in different geographies, in different states in a 
differential manner. It's not like a one India sort of a model that will work everywhere, both in 
terms of the way consumers consume the paint, the way in terms of consumption, the way it is 
happening, right? 
What works in Mumbai, for example, on exterior paint is very different from what is getting 
consumed even along the coast in Kerala, for example, the ask and what we are seeing now is 
there's a differentiated way, yes. So I think it's about really understanding -- for us, it's simple. I 
would just simply articulate, it's saying about how to bring the magic into the can. 
Moderator: 
The queue is clear now. We may conclude the question-and-answer session, and I would like 
you to give the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you. I would like to thank all our investors who've been very patient. A lot of you who 
have been supporting us, cheering us from the outside. I all -- I do understand that the single 
largest question to me is what's happening on the strategic review. I have great hope that the 
final buyer will be a person who is going to take this business to the next level. And as and when 
we know it and as soon as we have information, we'll first inform our stock exchanges and then 
obviously inform all of you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
We are quite excited at what we are doing right now. And really, that's the focus because this is 
a time to -- you can easily get distracted in this sort of a time. I think what me and my team over 
the last 8, 9 months have been doing is to walk the talk and trying to do it in a meaningful 
manner. It's not an easy battle. It's tough. But as you've seen, I think finally, as I say, the runs or 
the score has to -- and the numbers have to speak for themselves. 
With that, I'll leave it to all of you to decide. I think for a number 2 player with 13.6% EBIT 
margin, in the year with a 7%, 8% market share, I think, is quite unheard of. I don't think you 
hear too many number 4 players in any industry, first making the sort of profits that we do, 
having the sort of cash flows we have. And if you look at it, the journey from 2018 to now and 
more specifically from '22 to now have become really -- we've really upped the walk in terms of 
performances, yes. 
 
I think that's what I leave all of you to judge, whether you want to run a business which has 
higher market share with 7% EBIT margin or 14%, 13.5% EBIT margin is your choice. I 
continue to remain focused with my team in delivering strong performances and making sure 
we take this brand and the business to the next level. With this, thank you very much. Thank you 
all for your time. Good luck. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, 
that concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. You may now click on the exit 
meeting to disconnect. Thank you so much. Have a great day. 
