 
 
 
 
 
 
May 16th, 2025 
 
 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Security Code: 544060 
Security ID: RBZJEWEL 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C/1, 
G. Block Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: RBZJEWEL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Earning call Transcript with Analysts and Investors for the Quarter and year ended as on 
March 31st, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of conference call arranged by the 
company for Analysts and Investors on Tuesday, 13th May 2025 at 16:00 hrs. for discussion on 
the financial performance of the Company for the quarter and year ended on 31st, March 2025.  
 
Path 
: 
https://rbzjewellers.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Investor-Earn-Call-
Transcript_13.05.2025.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you, 
 
For, RBZ Jewellers Limited 
                                                                                             
                                                                       
Heli A Garala 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem No. ACS49256 
 
 
HELI 
AKASH 
GARALA
Digitally signed 
by HELI AKASH 
GARALA 
Date: 2025.05.16 
18:38:55 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“RBZ Jewellers Limited Q4 FY ‘2025 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARIT ZAVERI – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. HARSHIT GANDHI – INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLLER 
MR. BHAVESH SABHNANI – SENIOR MANAGER, 
ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NUPUR JAINKUNIA – VALOREM ADVISORS 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Conference Call of the Quarterly Financial 
Results of RBZ Jewellers.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. And a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur 
Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors, we represent the Investor Relations of RBZ Jewellers 
Limited. On behalf of the Company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the Company's earnings conference call for the 4th Quarter and for the Financial 
Year ‘2025.  
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in 
today's earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions 
made by and the information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not 
to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the Company's fundamental business and the financial quarter under review.  
 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call and 
hand it over to them for Opening Remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Harit Zaveri – Joint MD and CFO of the Company; Mr. Harshit Gandhi – 
Internal Financial Controller; and Mr. Bhavesh Sabhnani – Senior Manager, Accounts and 
Finance of the Company.  
 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Harit Zaveri to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Thank you, Nupur. RBZ Jewellers Limited has completed its 4th Quarter and the Results. 
We have grown our revenue top line by 59% and so, that is the continuous trend that is going on 
since all the previous three quarters. We have had the same results in the Q4 also. So from Rs. 
86 crores to Rs. 137 crores, we have grown in top line. And last year in the quarter, because of 
the weighted average issues, the bottom line was subdued at Rs. 2.69 crores, which was indicated 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
that in the next year of Q1 it would be revised and the Q1 of FY ‘25 stood at approximately Rs. 
9 crores.  
 
So this year, in the 4th Quarter, the results are on the bottom line is Rs. 8.5 crores. The jump 
which is reflected in the bottom line is quite, that jump is just because the last year 4th Quarter 
was subdued and because of the accounting weighted average matter. Otherwise, the Company 
is functioning very much in line with their operating margins, the EBITDA levels and the PAT 
levels in all the four quarters.  
 
And over to the people who have any questions, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Kunal Sharma from SP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Yes. So Harit, just wanted to understand, FY ‘25 was quite an eventful year, right, but still we 
closed it on a good note. So how are you confident for FY ‘26, based on the demand side on 
overall the business point of view? And additionally, if you could highlight more on the Akshay 
Tritiya and how was that festival during the April month? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So Kunal, Akshay Tritiya was very good. We have seen a (+30%) growth on the sales side for 
that day, but that should not conclude the overall month, the overall month still went flat. On the 
quarter, the escalation of prices going to the tune of Rs. 1 lakh for 10 gram has certainly made 
the walk-ins relatively slow. The demand has postponed. Why I am saying the demand has 
postponed is that the occasional buyers will buy jewellery if not at one then the other point of 
time. And the daily wear demand gets denied also, but we are mainly an occasion wear player. 
70% to 80% of our jewelry which are sold is occasion wear, as far as group. And in retail, we 
sell about 60% to 65% of occasion wear. So the demand is postponed but not denied. 
 
As we are seeing in the month of April, on the day of Akshay Tritiya the demand was fantastic, 
the day went good, but April was still stable. And quarter, there is also the result of Q4, we have 
also got the demand of Akshay Tritiya so just previously, like the corporates tend to order it in 
advance. So that is why the Q4 was better than the guided figures. So, in Q1 for the full fiscal 
year, I am still hopeful that we will achieve a top line of around Rs. 700 crores and the bottom 
line would be around Rs. 44 crores to Rs. 45 crores. See, any denial in demand is right now not 
seen. We are hopeful that we should still continue to grow by around 30% or so. And yes, quite 
eventful year, as you rightly mentioned, Q1 April has seen the prices ups and downs, but we are 
habitual with the volatility. And fundamentals are strong for us to have our growth plans in place. 
We are sure to grow by whatever the numbers are said. 
Kunal Sharma: 
So if I remember correctly, on the preview call like we have guided Rs. 800 crores for FY ‘26 
now you were saying that’s Rs. 700 crores. So do you see any slowdown in the coming years? 
As well as in the Q1 we were quite dependent on the Akshay Tritiya, right. But you said post 
that there is a quite muted demand. So like if you can quantify this area? 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Harit Zaveri: 
So correct, I might have certainly. See, once we get near to the year, we are getting more clarity. 
If you remember that in the previous quarter I had already told that we would be achieving 
anywhere between Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 600 crores. And then I closed it up at, let's say, Rs. 500 
crores to Rs. 550 crores. In Q4 I guided that okay it would to be Rs. 525 crores to Rs. 535 crores. 
So as and when we get near to the time, we get more clearer about the areas. So, again, what my 
understanding is, we should be able to get an upside revenue of around 30% or somewhere in 
that range. Still it's a decent growth quarter.  
 
The April month is flat, and the prices were escalated. Not that we are seeing any denial of 
demand or we are seeing any sluggish thing. We are not talking about any early double digit or 
growth like that. We are still talking about 30-digit revenue growth and that is pretty good. The 
Company has its expansion plans in place, and we are sure that Rs. 44 crores is the bottom line 
that I have previously told also. In fact, if you go on to hear my all the previous earnings call, I 
have always guided that we will double the balance sheet and we will double the profits as well, 
and it is 100% happening on that call itself. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Noted. Yes, exactly. And if I am not wrong, for FY ‘27 we guided Rs. 1,000 crores of top line 
and Rs. 55 crores of PAT. So on that particular year we are intact on that guidance, right. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Yes, Kunal. So, see, as and when we get nearer to the subject, my guidance has to be more on 
the side of truth. Whatever I have spoken, my whole thing is that, yes, Rs. 1,000 crores is what 
we are looking at for FY ‘27 and Rs. 55 crores bottom line is what we are looking for. Right 
now there is no deviation in that. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Noted. My second question on that, on a Y-o-Y basis we have grown substantially, but on a 
sequential basis there is some dip. So if you could throw some light on that area? 
Harit Zaveri: 
Kunal, jewellery industry is a seasonal demand industry, so Q2 and Q3 remain critical for us. 
Last year Q2 was very weak, it was because of the delay in demand or the postponed demand 
that we had. And the whole effect came in Q3 of that year. So again, Q4, we had a pretty good 
Q4, and the only reason being is that Akshay Tritiya last to last year was May 10th, and this year 
it was April 30th. So whatever demand for Akshay Tritiya is that we got in the month of April 
for the corporate side of jewelers. For the independent retailers whom we cater or the retail store 
that we have, on the sale of goods side we still are on the April had its own demand. But the 
reason of not Rs. 5 crores, Rs. 6 crores of PAT and Rs. 8.5 crores of PAT still remains that 
Akshay Tritiya we had gotten advanced demand for Akshay Tritiya. And I think that on the 
sequential side the jewellery industry cannot be studied on that matter, it will be studied on Y-
o-Y, it will give more relevant figures. Sequential side it is difficult, FMCG and all can still be 
understood. But jewellery as a segment itself has its own characteristics, right.  
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. My third question on the balance sheet side. So when do we expect a positive net cash 
flow, since like we can see there is money getting stuck in the working capital side, too? 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Harit Zaveri: 
Correct, Kunal. So see, if you understand, the whole inventory is majorly into gold and diamond, 
more in gold and less in diamond. So Company does not have any issues in terms of cash 
balances. I mean, we have got right now good liquidity on our hand. And if we are deploying 
the funds in inventory, that clearly shows that we are still aggressive on the part of growth. And 
I think negative cash flow isn't the side of worry right now. But yes, certainly let us go on with 
this continuous expansion plans and let us understand. But right now, if the money is deployed 
in inventory and the inventory is quite liquid in nature, our current assets are liquid in nature. I 
think there is no harm that we are seeing with this kind of a model. Here and there we might 
have positive cash flow or negative cash flow, but I think overall we are sitting on gold that is 
self liquid in nature. The iron and steel industry or other industries can be still commented on 
the inventory risk side, but gold is much more liquid in nature. So, there is no fear or there is no 
harm in this. I think growth plans are in place, Kunal. 
Kunal Sharma: 
So what is the CAPEX plan that we have? 
Harit Zaveri: 
Right now CAPEX plan, so the factory that we were supposed to plan about a 4-ton factory or a 
5 ton factory. So if you understand that at that time, during the IPO, the price was Rs. 50,000 a 
gram. And we had 1 ton capacity. So now the price is Rs. 1 lakh a gram, so already in the same 
CAPEX we were already achieving the same amount. Like if you just convert from Rs. 50,000 
to Rs. 1 lakh and from 2-ton factory, so we do not require a CAPEX right now. We can easily 
fuel our growth for the coming few years with the same CAPEX that we are already having right 
now. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. And what is the cash balance that we have and any fundraising plans going forward? I 
think we are supposed to raise funds, if we are not wrong. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Correct, correct. We are 100% on our side of raising debt. We expect to raise the debt to the tune 
of 1:1 ratio, maybe not in full this year, in the coming year. But surely the fund debt raise plans 
are there, and debt raise will fuel the growth for the coming years, it will improve the ROE and 
ROCE. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. And the last question on the retail growth side, so if you could throw some more light on 
retail and how was the growth and what's the CAPEX plan over there? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So retail, so we had a wonderful year in retail, and we expect that as I guided during the IPO 
that retail capacity is approximately Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 600 crores for this current store. I think 
during this financial year we will have an expansion in place for the coming store. And that will 
again build up an additional capacity of Rs. 400 crores plus. So the growth journey in retail is 
going to get higher and higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will move to the next question that comes from the line of Prerna Amanna 
from Equity Research Program. Please go ahead. 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Prerna Amanna: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great year. So you mentioned in the opening remarks of the 
call, right, that the gold prices have increased and as a result the demand has been postponed. So 
are we seeing, particularly in wholesale, maybe the companies are not placing the order that 
much or we are seeing a slowdown over there because of this effect? 
Harit Zaveri: 
See, every corporate retailer is watching the business because the kind of volatility gold has had, 
customers mind are in confusion whether to buy it at today's rate or wait for the upcoming rates. 
So they what they are confused is there are some rumors in which they tell that the gold prices 
will come down and some rumors say that the gold prices will go up. So again, we do not know 
the consumer psyche, but we have always noticed that due to volatility of gold customers mind 
gets confused. Occasions, weddings and this kind of functions, the demand can be postponed 
but cannot be denied if the corporates are not placing an order, let's say, in Q1 quarter or let's 
say in the month of April we have not received the order, then we will be receiving in the month 
of May.  
 
If we have not received in the month of May, we will be receiving in the month of June. We 
have to be ready with our capacity at peak to take the orders when it comes and also in the retail 
segment we are clearly understanding the consumer on the ground level itself, there is a 
postponement of demand, but we are still very sure that the wedding buyers are not going to say 
no to their jewellery. It's a cultural-bounded thing and we are sure to grow for, I think Q2 and 
Q3 will tell us much more stronger about the whole position of demand. Jewellery itself is a 
robust industry; we are still very positive on the demand side. 
Prerna Amanna: 
Okay, sir. So if that happens, let's say if the demand is not that great, are we going to see the job-
work part getting impacted, that part of the revenue, the job work and the wholesale? Because I 
believe it happened in Q2 or Q3 of this year we had that the job work was a little bit slow, right, 
so will that be the first portion that is going to be affected? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So see, job work demand we have already received in advance in Q4 of this year, so the guided 
figure was Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 6 crores, we have done Rs. 8.5 crores. Why we have done Rs. 8.5 
crores is because the job work demand has fueled-in in advance, right, for the month of Akshay 
Tritiya. April 30th was Akshay Tritiya, last year it was May 10th. So the demand is included in 
the month of March this year. So in the April bill, yes, so I think the demand for job work was 
more there in the Q4 of this year for the festive of Akshay Tritiya. But still, in Q1 we see a little 
bit of sluggish in terms of volumes. In terms of  value, we do not see any sluggishness. We are 
still hopeful to grow in terms of value. And I think Q2 will have a lot of excitement this year 
because last year Q2 was quite sluggish. 
Prerna Amanna: 
Okay, got it. And sir, what's your view on the GST order you have got, the notice? And also I 
believe one of the employees was involved in fraud, right, so what do you have to say about 
that? 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Harit Zaveri: 
So income tax matter, they have ordered us for Rs. 25 crores of income tax appeal for issuance 
of bonus shares when we were a Private Limited Company. I think that order we have already 
filed across CIT appeal. We particularly think that it's a very baseless order and we have filed 
our replies into CIT appeal. We are hopeful of hearing in a very early stage. And I think by next 
quarter we should be able to give you confined results for that matter. We are very sure that this 
type of demand that is there, it's just not going to have any impact on the financials or anywhere 
else. 
Prerna Amanna: 
Okay, sir. Sure. Thank you, that's all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Yash Modi from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Modi: 
Hey, good evening. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. And congratulations on the 
rating upgrade as well to BBB-positive from CRISIL. So my first question was, in this debt tie 
up that we are looking at, what kind of interest rate benefit that we will have? What is our current 
interest rate and what will happen because of this rating upgrade? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So currently we are having an interest of approximately, so there are various bankers associated 
from 9% to 10.25% the spread. And with this rating upgrade, we are hopeful that I think the 
interest rate should be in the range of around 9.5% or 9.75% at max on a consolidated basis. 
Yash Modi: 
Sure. And secondly, I was just reading from the CRISIL rating report itself, and they have said 
that we would be opening a new showroom, like you mentioned in early part of the call, in Surat, 
Gujarat, which is expected to operationalize in 3rd Quarter, and another in Rajkot which is 
expected to operationalize in 4th Quarter. So going forward, what is going to be our revenue 
mix? Because earlier we used to guide for 50:50, so going forward should we look at RBZ more 
from a consumer perspective, as in B2C is going to go up, is that the correct understanding? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So Yash, we are looking forward for the setup in which the manufacturing, whatever designs we 
manufacture, we sell it onto our retail showroom as well. And with this we want to improve our 
bottom lines, the margins to get more solidify. And also the designs that we manufacture in-
house, if we sell it to retail, there is some sort of exclusivity which will be also there. RBZ has 
already got a unique infrastructure when it comes to antique jewelry manufacturing. So doing 
the stores like Surat and Rajkot, sure it will be operational, one will be operational in Q3 of this 
financial year and another will be we are wanting to look at Q1 of the next financial year.  
 
So, both the stores will be up and pumping in, I think year or so from now on. So yes, I am 
looking for more sales in the B2C front. I think what we are anticipating is that retail should go 
about Rs. 400 crores this year, the same store sales growth will be Rs. 400 crores in retail this 
year and overall retail should be about Rs. 500 crores. And next year it will be around Rs. 600 
crores to 600 and Rs. 650 crores, Rs. 700 odd crores in retail itself for the upcoming. 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Yash Modi: 
Got it. And I just missed the last question that the participant asked, what was the reason for the 
employee fraud, what was the status of that, the employee fraud that was announced? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So Mr. Om Shukla, who did the fraud, is right now behind bars. He did not get bail. The internal 
controls and the locks which was there, we have submitted to the insurance Company. We have 
got a positive feedback. And CCTV footages and everything is very much available. Even in the 
public domain, the television and news channels has already showcased it. And we are very 
hopeful to get the insurance money back. Still on a conservative side, we have put the provision 
of Rs. 25 lakhs. Even the police has recovered much of the gold which was stolen. But yes, I 
think not much of impact on financials for that matter, and we are hopeful to recover in complete 
amount from the insurance. 
Yash Modi: 
Got it. And we have taken a Rs. 25 lakh provision in this quarter itself, in the numbers? 
Harit Zaveri: 
Correct, correct. 
Yash Modi: 
Thank you. Thank you so much, Harit. All the best. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raj Shah, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
So my question is, you said that the negative operating cash flow is not a problem, but with the 
growth we are envisaging, and with every step of growth you need to borrow more or dilute 
more equity fundraising there, so that is not sustainable, right? We need to generate positive 
OCF for business internally fueling for its growth. So what is the solution for this? And why a 
negative OCF is not a problem? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So currently when the Company's ability is to fund its expansion plans by its internal accruals 
and by fueling of debt, the expansion can go on. See, negative cash flow does not imply that you 
do not have profits, it just implies that your money is parked into not one but another allocation 
of fund. So, for that basis, let's say, if I am having an X amount of inventory or Y amount, my 
fund is allocated into some, let's say, CAPEX or an inventory, that should not be harmful for 
fueling my growth. I mean, at least to this part of my industry. There could be another industry 
in which the growth cannot happen.  
 
But generally we see that what are the basis of my growth. If the basis of my growth is, let's say, 
inventory, my working capital, or let's say the basis of my inventory is capital, so the concern 
should be, are we not producing sufficient profits? Are we not able to raise debts? Those are the 
questions. Cash flow will be a different measure to see that kind of a thing that you are telling, 
Raj. So as of now, we do not see that negative cash flow will not fuel in the growth or have any 
constraints for the plans that we have. 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. With but do not you think that all our business cash is going into inventory of B2B and 
B2C vertical, and our expansion is coming from the borrowing. So expansion coming from the 
borrowing will be limited, right? Like it will be a short term thing? We will not be able to grow 
in long term sustainably. 
Harit Zaveri: 
So expansion can also come from an internal accrual basis. So we are not just expanding from 
let's say borrowings. Borrowing is just a handle to support it. Equity is very much a part of it. 
Internal accruals are a part of it structure. How the team is in IT infrastructure, everything will 
be a part of it. But, yes, to have a positive cash flow means, let's say for an example if I had to 
do a positive cash flow and that means I am not much invested into my inventory, being into this 
industry I think inventory would be a main part. And we can have a different business model 
than in place to have a positive cash flow. But as of now, we do not see any constraints in money 
parked into inventory, because most of the money is in gold. So it's in liquid assets, it's in current 
assets basically. So I do not think that a negative cash flow, at least for upcoming few years, are 
not a concern anywhere. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. And sir, have we explored gold metal loan which can help here? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So gold metal loan, if you just tell me, we have already exploded an instrument. And if you see 
that the volatility of gold metal itself is very high. The interest rate has doubled in gold metal 
loan, it tuned to almost 6%, 7% in this financial year, and again it is coming back. So a lot of 
fluctuations are already there in place. The Company and the size that we are in, we are much 
comfortable with the model that we have. And we are very much conservative on our books 
when it comes to like the book value of gold is always we maintain it lesser than the market 
value of gold. And with this kind of approach, I right now do not see any position in which that 
metal loan can be a great value for adding the cash flow at least. And cash flow, I mean it can 
be to just hedge it, but it's not a mechanism to have cash flow. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. Sir, on the CAPEX plan you said that on variable value you are already achieving it. But 
sir that is again not sustainable, right, growth in terms of volume is more sustainable. So are we 
not increasing our tonnage in terms of CAPEX? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So let's say gold from here goes to another 20%, 25% hike, right, it has done so previously. Or 
let's say whatever the nature of gold, let's say, gold remains volatile. So in this case, on the 
consumer side, it is always the budget. If let's say somebody in the daily wear side wants to enjoy 
their anniversary by having a gold chain or a gold earring or whatsoever, or somebody wants to 
celebrate on their wedding day with their beautiful gold necklace, I think budget will be a 
constraint. So tomorrow if you want to buy a gold you will not see just grammage, right, you 
will also see your budget. Let's say two years back a 10 gram gold change will be of Rs. 50,000 
now it is of Rs. 1 lakh, your budget has the limitation to Rs. 75,000. How much you can increase 
your budget? So again, it is linked, it is not as purely value. Yes you might have a gold chain 
and you want to just exchange it and that might help you gaining the same amount of grammage. 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
But again, as an industry, as a consumer you have two perspective, how much gold you have 
saved versus how much budget you have. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay, sir. Agreed. So, just to confirm things, currently we have Rs. 292 crores of inventory and 
it is of only B2B and B2C vertical as job work business doesn't require upfront investment. And 
this Rs. 292 crores is valued on current prices, am I right? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So, you are right, only the part that it is allocated into B2C and B2B, but B2B also constitutes 
about job work. Job work does require upfront investment because our inventory holding days 
which we receive from corporates are limited and it is not sustainable to produce only from that 
inventory. The wastages and everything that we have in place are from our inventory plus 
whenever you manufacture, let's say, giving you a clear example. We have an order of 100 grams 
of gold, right, a gold ornament. Now to make that gold ornament, we need 125 grams, 135 grams, 
140 grams of gold, depending on the complexity. Now to get an output of 100 grams, as a job 
worker if we receive only 100 grams, it is relevant, we need to deploy our additional 35%, 40% 
or 30% whatsoever, depending on the order complexity. So we are invested in gold in job work 
segment itself, and that is one of the reasons that that gold is considered as a base gold on our 
factory levels and that does not have a churning effect as much, but it surely helps in a better 
bottom line because we save most of our job work income. 
Raj Shah: 
 My last question is, in coming two, three years what do you think will be the major part of our 
revenue, job work, B2B or B2C? Like if you can give percentage like what will be the job work, 
what will be the B2B and what will be the B2C? And we are also expanding the retail sales. 
Harit Zaveri: 
See, again, retail sales are more a linkage to a geographical market that we have. Let's say for 
an example Ahmedabad market, the capacity of the store of Ahmedabad market is let’s say Rs. 
500 crores, just an approximate. Now let's say a Surat store maybe of Rs. 400 crores or a Rajkot 
store maybe of Rs. 300 crores, so these are the pockets in terms of rupees. When you have a 
facility, that facility is not in terms of rupees, that is in terms of KG. So as of today, let's say, to 
take it two years back, my Ahmedabad store was still Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 500 crores as a 
capacity store. But as of today, my capacity for 2 tons is Rs. 2,000 crores. So the installation of 
capacity is on the basis of volume and the installation of retail as a unit is on the basis of rupees 
as a geographical capacity to generate sales in that particular spread of area.  
 
So we will grow. Okay, we are into an expansion phase with Surat and Rajkot coming up stores. 
But surely job work is a very high sustainable business that we are looking forward. What you 
can look forward for two to three years is, can the RBZ produce its own design, sell its own 
design to a retail unit and have a better bottom line in place. And if we are able to develop that 
kind of a model, it is a win-win situation. B2B is again a fundamental good business that we 
have, job work is great, we have a partnership in place which is wonderful and we are focused 
on that also to make it better. 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Raj Shah: 
So sir, my mistake is not in terms of value. If in terms of volume like currently we have 2,000 
tons, so in two, three years how much will be job work, how much will be B2B, how much will 
be B2C, if you can bifurcate in terms of volume. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Raj, I would not be able to completely justify your answers because of the volatility of gold, 
prices are very much innate in nature. So just I can say that B2B volume versus B2C volume in 
the future will be 50%, 50% on a volume front. 
Raj Shah: 
And the last one, my suggestion is, you are having an IR agency, so a presentation or a press 
release where you can bifurcate your IR business along with three verticals, and with margins 
of fees like KGs of gold sold in each vertical will be very helpful. This is one suggestion. Thank 
you. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Thank you, Raj. We will understand and we will get back to you for this thing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Palash Kawale: 
Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations on the good set of results and doing better than what you 
had guided for the full year. Sir, my first question is, sorry, really many apologies if I am 
repeating I joined the call a little late. Sir, what was the total volume that you will get for FY 
‘25? 
Harit Zaveri: 
It is approximately 1,350 KGs plus. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And could you give the segment wise breakup of the volumes? 
Harit Zaveri: 
I think job work volume has remained stable. Other than that, both the figures we will have to 
check it. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And any new customers that you are adding or you are planning to add in this financial 
year on B2B side? 
Harit Zaveri: 
We already have customers in place. We will be doing penetration among those customers. We 
are happy to add any new customers if the market has. There's already players which are planning 
to expand more on more number of stores. So, we are happy to be a partner in their growth. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And sir, again, on that inventory side, do you see any further scope of reducing the 
inventory days on your balance sheet or like is it the comfortable number that you are in right 
now? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So, Palash, efficiency will be a part and parcel and it's going to be a continuous process. So, yes, 
inventory sides on our TTM basis should always improve. Nonetheless, when there are new 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
storerooms coming up, there will be a push of inventory, there will be a lot of learnings that will 
be there. But again, what you are talking about is on a macro level is efficiency, so we are bound 
to give that as a Company. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And sir, when are these new showrooms getting operationalized? 
Harit Zaveri: 
One will be in Q3 of this financial year, and another one will be in the Q1 of the next financial 
year, that is what the plans are. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And what is the total CAPEX for these two stores? 
Harit Zaveri: 
We are primarily looking for a lease model, but let's see if there is any plans for the CAPEX, we 
will surely let the investors know about it. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And sir, going forward, do you plan to be B2B focused or more focus would be on retail 
expansion side? And like what is your thinking, your personal thinking, if you would shed any 
light on that it would be really helpful for us. 
Harit Zaveri: 
So at a current level Company is a B2B manufacturing Company. We have gotten very nice skill 
when it comes to manufacturing. We are also having a successful retail store. So, as of now, the 
focus will remain in the couple of years for both the segments. And I think as far as we are able 
to generate the right kind of ROE, ROI, ROCE, we do not see any harm in this kind of a model 
that we are in. But yes, the growth in terms of store is going to happen in this fiscal year, in the 
next fiscal year, in retail for an expansion plan. But on a B2B level people will look at volumes, 
and for that the installed capacity of the factory is already in place. 
Palash Kawale: 
So what is your utilization on B2B side right now? 
Harit Zaveri: 
B2B side, I think volume utilization will be higher as job work is contributing a lot in B2B. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And sir, any guidance for the next two years? 
Harit Zaveri: 
I think Rs. 700 crores and Rs. 44 crores to Rs. 45 crores of PAT. What I have been primarily 
saying will be sticking onto that. See, it is a volatile market, and I would rather have a 
conservative opinion. 
Palash Kawale: 
And sir, like what is your average grammage on B2B side? 
Harit Zaveri: 
What do you mean by average grammage, did not get you? 
Palash Kawale: 
Like I wanted to know if you are into very high grammage products. And the reason for the 
question was, if the gold prices are increasing, is there any effect on your volume because of that 
or nothing like that? 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Harit Zaveri: 
So, as a category the culture or the psychographics of Indian consumers is not on the basis of 
grammage, now it goes on to segment. First, is it a daily wear segment or it's an occasion wear 
segment? Let's say an occasion wear segment the ticket size of a particular good might be 25 
grams, in daily wear it is 5 grams,  but you cannot wear a daily wear product into an occasion, 
right? So let's say if you are having a wedding so you not want to have a 5-gram product and go 
in place. That would not look right. So what is happening on psychographics is that a 25 gram 
occasion wear product is now getting made at 20 grams. And we are able to happily satisfy the 
customer.  
 
A daily wear demand is something that the person after their weddings go and buy in their 
anniversary or XYZ, that demand we are seeing that, okay sometimes because of volatility there 
is a denial in that demand. Aspiration still remains, but denial can be a place for a year or so or 
for few months in which there are anniversaries or birthdays or occasions that are coming up 
other than weddings and all. So we are an occasion player, occasion jewelry player. We are 
seeing that the demand is quite stable. We are seeing that lot of weddings in India are coming 
up in this financial year also. What we understand, we see a continuous constant demand. There 
is confusion because of volatility of gold in the mind of consumers. Confusion still cannot deny 
the demand. It can literally just postpone because there is an occasion, it's an occasion linked 
demand. So, on a safe side, as a Company we are privileged to be in. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. That's it really. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniket Agarwal from Value CAP 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Hello. First of all, congratulations on very good performance. Sir my question is related to what 
the pervious participants have asked. I was just checking our balance sheet, and I was looking at 
our inventory days, and the inventory days are somewhere between 250 to 300 days from the 
last few years. And these numbers are quite high when I compare you to the other B2B or B2C 
players. So don’t you think this high inventory days is a waste if let's say, gold prices go down 
by 20%, 30%? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So, I think Aniket, inventory days, we have a 2x churn in terms of inventory. I think first let us 
get the objectives correct. I think 255 or 300 days that you are quoting is the last financial year 
numbers. That financial number also I have the reasoning. We have had an IPO on December 
27th of last financial year, and we had pumped up the inventory for Akshay Tritiya, which 
resulted into sales in the next quarter itself. So, just because of that one part, you saw a very big 
surge in terms of inventory. If you check the past five years numbers in terms of inventory days, 
you will get an inventory days of approximately 180 or so kind of days. And we are still on that 
number, we have around 2x in terms of inventory. But why we have 2x is also because there is 
a big base metal which is parked for job work. And yes, so your second question, if there is a 
decrease in gold prices how much of a concern it is? If there is a decrease in gold prices, our 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
book value of gold is still lesser than the current market price. We are watching it. Once it comes 
to a brim or somewhere closer, we will want to hedge it. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
You will probably hedge it. So what is the inventory for FY ’25 closing?  
Harit Zaveri: 
Inventory days last year it was Rs. 224 crores and that right now it is Rs. 290 crores odd. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
No, no, sir. I am asking about the inventory days. I am not asking about the inventory value. 
What I can see is the inventory number of days is I think you have ended at 250 days. 
Harit Zaveri: 
No, I do not think so it is 250 days. You have not considered the average value of an inventory. 
So it is 229 plus 292 divided 2 into, then the revenue divided by average inventory and then it 
will get due. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
So going forward, you will maintain around 180 and 200 days is what you are saying? 
Harit Zaveri: 
180 days will be a right kind of inventory days. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir my second question is, a couple of quarters ago you said that you are not looking 
for store expansion and that you are more focused on the B2B side. So I would like to know 
what is it that changed internally that you are now more focused on B2C rather than B2B. 
Harit Zaveri: 
So see, in the B2B side we have a tonnage demand. Like let's say that on a B2B we have had a 
2-ton factory, right. So the base rate was Rs. 50,000 of gold at that point of time. So if you 
calculate, if I am utilizing my complete capacity, we will do a turnover of Rs. 1,000 crores, let's 
say, in B2B segment for the capacity that we have. Now rates have doubled, that means the rate 
has already gone to Rs. 1 lakh. Now we still have a 2 ton factory. So that means we have already 
gotten Rs. 2,000 crores of capacity in place. Okay. Now we have gotten sufficient capacity in 
B2B. Now when you talk about B2C, B2C runs in rupee terms.  
 
So let's say Ahmedabad showroom is, let's say, Rs. 500 crores showroom. We are already 
expecting that by next year it should be around Rs. 400 crores will be touching. So it is bound 
that we have a spread of around one or two couple of showrooms just to get that sacrosanct in 
place. We are not going anywhere out of B2B market. We are just playing a very rational game 
in this case. But yes, if you consider store expansion and aggression, yes, we are aggressive. If 
you consider the capacity which is there but the rates have increased, so we have doubled the 
capacity in terms of rupees. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Okay. And if I look at your Rs. 2,000 crores of I would say capacity, and you have achieved I 
think Rs. 1,350 KG this year on the B2B side? 
Harit Zaveri: 
Yes, correct. 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Okay, I am asking this especially on the B2B side only, what will be your growth rate in terms 
of volume on the B2B side for the next two to three years? 
Harit Zaveri: 
Gold has escalated 31%. It is still primary for us to tell you what will be the volume demand. 
Certainly I expect the volume to be on the B2B side to grow, but it will be on a single digit side. 
So let us say we should be able to grow by around 7% to 8% by volumes in terms of B2B side. 
And I think, yes, see 31% escalation or 30% escalation of price still this comment cannot be 
taken as a concrete one, because what happens next quarter we do not know, volatility is just too 
much. So, I would want to answer your question, but still not having a definite answer. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. No issues. My only thing that I want to ask is, let's say, if the demand comes more on 
the B2B side, are you ready to capture on it? 
Harit Zaveri: 
We have capacity in place. Why not? 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Okay, let's say instead of 7% or 8% you see more demand of 12%, 15%, 20% in terms of volume. 
Harit Zaveri: 
But we already have 2 ton capacity in place. The bothering question should be that how much 
the volume can go up. We already very much are in a situation where we can satisfy B2B demand 
at an upmost side, the infrastructure is also there in place, so no questions about it. 
Aniket Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akash Jha from AJ Life. Please go ahead. 
Akash Jha: 
Hi sir. So just one question from my side. Sir, your PAT guidance of, I mean, you have given a 
PAT guidance for FY ‘26 of Rs. 45 crores, I mean, it seems quite low. Because it is just 15%, 
16% growth compared to FY ’25, and I mean in terms of revenue you have given a guidance of 
30%, 32% growth. So any particular reason for this, sir? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So Akash, see, this year Q4, the Akshay Tritiya demand has come in advance, that is in the 
month of March we have seen a lot of delivery that has happened on a job work side, okay. So 
if you need to understand, I had already given a guidance of Rs. 35 crores to Rs. 36 crores as a 
complete year profit of Q4 profit of Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 6 crores or so. Now in Q1, last year we 
had a great demand in place. Now this year because we have already received an advanced 
demand, there will be slight slowdown in terms of volumes. And that is the reason that from Rs. 
35 crores if you see, we would be going up to Rs. 44 crores, Rs. 45 crores kind of a turnover. 
But we have already achieved Rs. 38 crores, that is why on a Y-o-Y basis you will be calculating 
that, okay, the demand here and there it is coming up to 16%, 17%, 18% growth. 
 
But on a Company side, from the date of IPO, we were at Rs. 22 crores profit. In a two years 
time we are doubling the balance sheet, Rs. 100 crores by equity or Rs. 150 crores by equity, Rs. 
100 crores by debt, and then we are going up to Rs. 45 crores of profit on the right track. And 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
this is already what I have guided in my previous quarter’s earnings call as well as in my IPO 
speech also. So, sticking on to that, and let us be conservative on that, let us defeat or beat the 
numbers. Guidance is actually a sort of promise from a management side and we want to be very 
genuine about it. We are wanting to do as much as we can, but Rs. 44 crores, Rs. 45 crores is 
what seems likely. 
Akash Jha: 
Okay, sir. Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Palash Kawale: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir my only question was, does your job work 
inventory also comes on your balance sheet? 
Harit Zaveri: 
No, it does not come from the balance sheet. Job work inventory are not calculated, this is only 
your own inventory. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay, okay. That's it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sir in terms of three to five years perspective, what would be our aim, if you can elaborate? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So as a Company, we would be wanting to see continuous growth. At a three-year pace we would 
be wanting that there should be stronger demand. We should be going up the top line of more 
than Rs. 1,000 crores. And on a five-year plan, it's too long to comment, but the consistent 25% 
of sales on top line growth should remain with the bottom-line approach to follow on the same 
lines, 20% bottom line should get up year-on-year. And steadily we are on that strategy, so if 
you calculate on the five-year basis, you will get your numbers. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
And sir, as we grow, should our margins be in line with what we are doing today? 
Harit Zaveri: 
So the structure then, the business model that we are preparing, the margins should be in line. If 
there is any business model change or something, there will be a very concrete intimation. But 
as of now there is nothing like that. Certainly when there is growth and in what ways the growth 
is coming should be noticed. But as of now, yes, we see that the margins will remain the same. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Yes. And since we have very ambitious plans, when is the time when you look to raise more 
equity to grow? Maybe as you already said that maybe in the next two years you do not want, 
but then at some point we would require some equity. So what is management's perspective? 

 
RBZ Jewellers Limited 
May 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Harit Zaveri: 
Equity, see, right now the first aim is to fuel the growth as much as we can by debt. And then 
once we have a right kind of infrastructure and stuff in place for the robust next jump, we are 
sure that equities getting money and raising funds are part and parcel of operations. And once 
we are done with raising debt and we think that this is the right time to raise equity, yes, surely 
we will tap in. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay, sir. That's all from me. All the best. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Harit Zaveri: 
Yes. So we have had a year as promised, and certainly it has been the fourth earnings call. It 
would be an honest story or other it will be honest communication from my side that you can 
expect, on the coming quarters as well. The Company is in the clear part of growth. We are 
certainly wanting to build up an infrastructure which is robust and stable, which can fuel growth 
on a consistent basis. Happy to have you all as listeners. And let us hope for a wonderful year 
ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of RBZ Jewellers, that concludes this 
conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
