 
 
 
 
RADIANTCMS/Q1/EarningsCall-Transcript/SE/2025-26 
Date: 30.05.2025 
To 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543732, Scrip Symbol: RADIANTCMS 
ISIN: INE855R01021 
 
Sub: Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call on the Audited standalone and consolidated 
financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, held on May 26, 2025 
 
Dear Ma’am/Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the “Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call” on 
Audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and year ended March  31, 2025, 
held on May 26, 2025 for your information and records. 
 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RADIANT CASH MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Nithin Tom 
Company Secretary 
A53056 
Nithin 
Tom
Digitally signed by 
Nithin Tom 
Date: 2025.05.30 
19:49:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
COL. DAVID DEVASAHAYAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
 
MR. T.V. VENKATARAMANAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. ALEXANDER DAVID – ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR  
 
MR. N. MUTHURAMAN – DIRECTOR, STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS   
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RUSHIL DEDHIA – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Radiant Cash Management Services Q4 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing start and zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rushil Dedhia from Antique Stock Broking. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
Thanks, and welcome, everyone, to the Q4 FY '25 earnings call of Radiant Cash Management. 
Today with us, we have the management of Radiant. We have Colonel David Devasahayam, the 
CMD sir. We have Mr. T.V. Venkataramanan, CFO; Mr. Alexander David, Additional Director; 
and Mr. N. Muthuraman, Director and Strategy and IR. 
 
We hand over the call to MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we'll start the Q&A session. 
Over to you, MD sir. 
David Devasahayam: 
Good morning, Rushil. Thank you for that. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for 
joining us today for Radiant's investor call. We are happy to report a stable performance for this 
fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, with a 10% consolidated revenue growth, 12.5% consolidated 
EBITDA growth and 5.8% consolidated PAT growth over the previous year. 
 
The key highlights for the year are: A strong thrust to improve direct business, which now 
accounts for 15% of our revenues, up from 5.2% last year; a healthy growth of 40% in revenues 
from Cash Van Operations with significant potential for further growth. Launch of Radiant Insta 
Credit during the year, which has been well received in the market and opens up a much larger 
target market for our services. 
 
Turnaround and the performance of Radiant Acemoney, our fintech subsidiary, within 18 months 
of our acquisition, Acemoney now accounts for about 6% of our consolidated revenues and the 
EBITDA of the company; improvement in the performance of Radiant Valuables Logistics 
though this vertical is yet to achieve breakeven. 
 
We have also taken several initiatives in operations to help and sustain performance in future 
years. These include: Strengthening the sales teams across all business verticals and launching 
several new initiatives in sales and marketing; several cost reduction measures which has helped 
improve core operating profitability; strengthen our risk management practices with the support 
of technology, which has helped maintain our cash losses at negligible levels; improved cross-
functional collaboration between various business verticals, which helps harness better synergy 
benefits in the current financial year. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
At the same time, the external environment has been challenging during the year. The 
sluggishness in the consumption sectors in the economy had its impact on the core business of 
retail cash management. Headwinds faced in a few sectors in BFSI, including micro finance and 
personal loans, also had an impact on our revenues from this sector. 
 
The consolidated EBITDA margins showed marginal improvement from 17.51% in FY '24 to 
17.91% in FY '25, largely on the back of cost control measures taken by the company and 
reduced losses from RVL and a turnaround in the performance of Radiant Acemoney. 
 
Our cash losses continue to be the lowest in the industry by a wide margin, a result of our robust 
risk management framework. We continue to maintain healthy Return on Capital Employed and 
Return on Equity. We remain committed to providing transparent updates on our progress and 
answering any questions that you may have. 
 
I will now request Mr. Alexander David to speak about the progress achieved in Radiant 
Acemoney, followed by Mr. Venkataramanan to speak about the financial performance and 
KPIs. Yes, over to you, Alex. 
Alexander David: 
Thank you so much, sir. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining this earnings call. I would 
be presenting the update on Radiant Acemoney, our fintech subsidiary. I'm glad to inform you 
that Radiant Acemoney had an excellent year and clocked INR219 million in revenues for the 
year, up from INR34.8 million the previous year. The rapid scaling has achieved healthy 
EBITDA margins of 20%-plus for the year, contributing significantly to the overall consolidated 
performance of the Radiant Group. 
 
I would like to present a few numbers to put our scale of growth in perspective. We have installed 
64,228 POS machines in the last financial year and has set an ambitious target of 90,000 
machines for the current financial year. Our transaction volumes in the last year crossed INR586 
crores, establishing Acemoney as a reliable player in the fast-growing fintech market. 
 
Our key USP and right to win in this market are a strong pan-India network presence with 
stronger focus on rural areas where fintech presence is still in early phases of growth, a strong 
technology platform offering a wide variety of solutions, including AEPS-based cardless 
transactions, DMT, standard deposit withdrawal offerings, micro insurance and many others. 
 
Our ability to provide cash replenishment for micro ATMs in remote and rural locations, which 
should be a key advantage as volumes in the micro ATMs scale up over coming years. I'm happy 
to inform you that we have recently achieved PCI DSS certification. This milestone reflects our 
unwavering commitment to safeguarding data and providing highest level of security for 
payment transactions. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
We are continuously expanding both our geographical footprint as well as service offerings to 
address the untapped markets in rural areas where digital access is still below 50% for merchant 
outlets, providing huge opportunities for growth. 
 
While the focus of the previous year was to expand our footprint of POS machines and creating 
our own BC network, going forward, our focus would be to improve the transaction volumes in 
each of our outlets for sustained growth over the medium term. 
 
The current financial year is quite promising, both in terms of revenue growth and profitability. 
We will continue to provide regular updates on the progress of Acemoney to our investors as we 
scale greater heights in the coming months. I would now request our CFO, Mr. Venkataramanan, 
to present our financial performance. 
T. V. Venkataramanan: 
Thank you, Alex. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on this investor call today. I 
will present the company's key performance indicators and financial performance for the year 
ended 31st March 2025. 
 
During this financial year, we added 86 new clients, 456 new end customers and 8,048 new retail 
touch points in our retail cash management business. Of particular relevance is a sharp increase 
in new end customers, which grew from 104 last year to 456 this year, reflecting our sustained 
focus on adding direct clients. 
 
During the last quarter, we handled INR0.41 trillion of cash, representing 2.3% over same quarter 
last year. For the full year FY '25, we handled INR1.68 trillion of cash. Today, we service close 
to 78,000 touch points covering approximately 14,000 Pincodes across 8,900-plus locations and 
continue to have the widest network in the industry. 
 
For the year ended 31st March '25, the consolidated revenue grew at 10.6% over the same period 
last year. This growth is lower than historical trajectory on account of sluggish consumer demand 
as well as challenges faced in micro finance and personal loan segments of the BFSI sector. The 
degrowth in our e-commerce logistics sector also contributed to this muted top line growth. On 
the other hand, organized retail, e-commerce and others reported healthy growth. 
 
In terms of segment performance, we witnessed healthy growth of 40% in the Cash Van 
Operations segment. Revenue from direct clients also grew healthy and now contribute to 15% 
of our stand-alone revenues as against 5.2% last year. 
 
Our DBJ segment is yet to stabilize and reported a marginal degrowth in this quarter sequentially. 
The management has redoubled its sales and cost reduction efforts and expecting them to stem 
the losses in this quarter. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Coming to the financial performance. Our consolidated revenues for FY '25 at INR4,334 million, 
representing 10.6% growth over last year. The consolidated margins for the year ended stood at 
17.8%, an improvement of 31 basis points over the previous year. 
 
The improvement in EBITDA margins in this year were achieved on account of strong focus on 
cost control; number two, healthy positive contribution to EBITDA for Acemoney, our fintech 
subsidiary; three, healthy growth and contribution from our Cash Van Operations. The 
management is confident of further improvement in margins in the current year as well. 
 
The consolidated return on capital employed for the year was 17.1% and the return on equity for 
the year was 17.2%. I would like to highlight that ROCE and ROE for Radiant continues to be 
healthy because of a strong and clean balance sheet, very low cash loss levels, high fixed assets 
turnover ratio and strong working capital management. 
 
In summary, the revenue performance for the year has been muted due to macro factors of 
sluggishness in the economy as well as company-specific factors highlighted earlier. Despite 
muted revenue growth, EBITDA margins have improved due to stringent cost control measures 
undertaken by the company. 
 
At the same time, several sales and marketing initiatives have been taken across all verticals, 
direct sales, DBJ, Cash Van Operations, Insta Credit and our core business of retail cash 
management, and we believe these measures would reflect in better growth and margins in the 
current financial year. I now hand over the floor for question and answers. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. So one is, could you please lay out the road map for RVL? What 
-- I understand that we are scaling back on certain investments, but could you just throw some 
light on what -- where do you see this, let's say, 5 years from now? And what are the investments 
that you're making? And what are the investments that you're cutting down? Some idea on that? 
 
And the second question I had was on -- so there is this payments bank, Fino Payments Bank, 
and in their earnings call, they have said that their cash management, their CMS-related product 
and service, they are seeing lower traction on that. So -- and they've also stated similar reasons 
such as the pain in the MFI industry, right? So my question to you, sir, is it like -- are we also 
seeing some -- are we likely to see a bounce back in our CMS-related offerings? 
 
And the other thing that they have said is that UPI is an aspirational product for a lot of people. 
And so the switch from cash to UPI is happening even at the Tier 4, Tier 5 kind of locations. So 
your observations from what you have seen on the ground would be helpful, sir? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Thank you very much. I'll request our Head of Strategy, Muthu, to take on this. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
N Muthuraman: 
Thanks, Vikas. I'll answer the second question first, which is that on the cash management, 
whether the disruption in the micro finance sector, is it going to have serious headwinds. It is not 
a very large portion of our, this thing. So the total BFSI segment for us is about 33% of our 
revenues -- of cash management revenues. Within that, micro finance is not a very large segment. 
 
Having said that, the industry Sa-Dhan has put out an expectation that they expect the industry 
to bounce back and worst is behind them. And they expect about 15% to 17% growth in the 
industry AUM in the current year after a shrinking of about almost 20% last year. So we believe 
the MFI-related challenges are behind us, and we do see better performance from that subsector 
in the current year. 
 
Yes, UPI is an aspirational product. But as you can see, the continuous growth in cash in 
circulation, I think it's already crossed INR37 lakh crores, indicates that cash will continue to be 
a dominant mode of payment in rural areas. 
 
As we realized in our Acemoney subsidiary, more than 50% of the retail outlets do not have any 
form of digital payment mechanism yet. So that is the opportunity for growth for Acemoney at 
the same time indicates the level of penetration of digital payments in the rural areas. So we don't 
expect any headwinds on growth because of growth in UPI as well. Coming back to the first 
question on RVL. 
Col David Devasahayam: 
I think I'll take on. So now valuable logistics, as of now, there are only one or two serious players 
in the market as on date. There is definitely scope for one or two more players to come up. And 
as we have said, there are over 1,35,000 registered jewelers in the country. And these two players 
are themselves target -- are currently only servicing about 20,000 to 25,000 jewelers. So it's a 
huge opportunity for us. 
 
However, as we go to the market and now we are talking about valuable logistics, so that means 
the consignment value is very high. So it's going to take some time before the traction actually 
happens and we start getting larger and larger consignments and we are willing to be there for 
the long road, for the long haul. 
 
And the other thing I want to point out is that before you start with the first consignment, you 
already need to have the full infrastructure across the whole country. Because wherever you 
require -- they require to send the thing, the consignment, we need to have it. 
 
So these are the reasons as to why there is some amount of cash burn in that, which we're not 
unduly concerned about, and we are gradually moving quickly towards a breakeven situation in 
this quarter or in early next quarter. So that's the target for us. This is a long-term strategy for us, 
and we are very deeply committed to it. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
If I may just request, the operational numbers that you put out for the cash business is fantastic, 
sir. Could you start sharing similar numbers for the jewelry business also, the RVL business, 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
which is in terms of metric tonnes of DBJ that you've moved or something like that, if you just 
give us some idea that the business is progressing? That is just a request, sir. 
N Muthutraman: 
Suggestion noted because it is not material. Since it currently contributes just about 1% of our 
revenues, we have not provided separate operational metrics. However, your suggestion is noted. 
We'll see what we can do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Zakir Naseer, who is an Individual Investor. 
Zakir Naseer: 
I think congratulations on your decently healthy set of numbers, considering last quarter, there 
was a drag in the economy as a whole. Sir, Colonel, I appreciate your thoughts on the valuable 
business, sir, and I would want to hear a little more of your thoughts on this, going forward next 
3 years, how do you see this valuable business panning out? 
 
And what kind of margins do you expect? And also, sir, number two is what -- broadly, what 
kind of loss did you do in the business in the current year, which may not be there in March 
2026, sir? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Well, we definitely will have no loss in March 2026. That's the target that we are currently 
looking at. And with regards to your question over the next 3 years, my hope is that gradually at 
least it will contribute to about 20% to 22% of the overall revenue will come from this business. 
I'm talking about the third year from now. 
 
So -- but we are deeply committed to this area. It's one of the areas that we are looking at very 
closely, because it represents -- I mean, valuables are something that -- that's so deeply 
appreciated and which is always showing so much of growth in the Indian economy. So we are 
very deeply committed to it in the long term. 
N Muthuraman: 
Zakir, if I may add a few points. Every global player has a very strong presence in the valuable 
logistics segment, and it contributes significantly to their revenue as well as bottom line. And in 
fact, India being the largest -- fastest growing and largest market for gold anywhere in the world, 
there is no reason why we should not have a reasonable presence in this market. 
 
We're getting our acts together, and being a listed company, we're a little cautious in going ahead 
and disclosing big amounts on events, exhibitions, advertisement, etcetera. We're going it in a 
calibrated and deliberate manner. You'll see the results of it over a period of time. 
Zakir Naseer: 
And what -- I mean, in March '25, what kind of loss would the valuable business make, sir? 
N Muthuraman: 
We'll not be able to exactly pinpoint that because many of those are joined this thing as in some 
of them are -- many costs are common. For example, van, guard, drivers are used between both 
put together. But if you have to -- so we're not putting out an exact number there because it will 
not be appropriate as in we have not done the scientific costing appropriation between RCMS 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
and RVL. But the direct costs, etcetera, it will be contributing -- maybe about 5%, 10% of our 
profits would have been affected because of that. 
Zakir Naseer: 
And sir, to add, would valuables -- definition of valuables only be subject to a jewelry kind of or 
gold items? Or can it be industrial valuables like microchips and stuff like that? I mean would it 
have a broader connotation, sir? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Currently, we are looking at the diamond, bullion and jewelry market. That's what we are focused 
on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Chawla, who is an Individual Investor. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
So the way our business is structured, whenever there is a dip in our revenue, a decent chunk of 
that is taken out of the operating profit. So this Q4, our revenues is around... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. 
N Muthuraman: 
Sir, your audio is not clear. We can't follow. Can you speak a bit... 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Is it better now? 
N Muthuraman 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Yes. So the way the business is structured, whenever there is a dip in revenue, a decent chunk of 
that dip is taken out of the operating profit. So this quarter, the dip in revenue was around INR6.6 
crores while the operating profit only dipped by INR3.4 crores. So I feel the decrease in revenue 
has not fully impacted the operating profit in absolute terms. So could you just share the method 
which helped you save this? 
N Muthuraman: 
No. As we've mentioned -- as Colonel mentioned in the opening remarks as well, we are taking 
stringent cost control measures, okay? So that is one reason. Second is that the inter-division 
collaboration has become a lot more robust now between RVL and RCMS and Insta Credit and 
all of that. 
 
So that's also helped improve our operating efficiency. So that's why despite a muted top line 
growth, in fact, sequentially a drop in top line growth, we are able to report a slightly better, 
improved EBITDA margins for the full year vis-a-vis the previous year. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Okay. So earlier, you said the jewelry business will have a stand-alone network of itself. So now 
is it fair to assume that you are using the operational leverages or the efficiency leverages that 
you had, you're using them right now? 
N Muthuraman: 
That's right. Yes. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Okay. And the second question is, as per RBI data, the micro ATM number has marginally 
declined. So what's happening in that space? 
N Muthuraman: 
See, there are some small disruption in equipment availability that may have affected. But 
otherwise, that industry is a huge this thing as in untapped market that. So I think RBI itself has 
put out some very lofty goals for the numbers to be achieved and they're backing it up with strong 
regulatory support as well for that. 
Col David Devasahayam: 
With the strong presence that we have, particularly in extreme areas of the country where the 
deployments are relatively thin, we are leveraging that, and those are the areas that we are 
concentrating on. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Okay. And lastly, the POS machines, which we have distributed till now for this FY, how much 
of them are still operational? Like out of the approximately 65,000 distributed, what percentage 
is like still active or some of them have just abandoned the POS? Do you have the numbers on 
that? 
N Muthuraman: 
No, no, no. All of them are operational. I don't think there is attrition in that at all. I mean, these 
are just -- During the year, we have added this 64,000 machines. We do not have any information 
on attrition. Our aim is to get adequate transaction volumes in each of those. Yes, that varies by 
a wide volatility. 
 
There are some which do no transaction at all, but some will do a huge number of transactions. 
But our aim is to get all the machines to get transacted so that transaction volume is a lot more 
sustainable than the POS revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gurjot Ahluwalia, who is an Individual Investor. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
So looking to this -- through FY '19, FY '20, FY '21, I was looking at the EBITDA margin, right? 
So the EBITDA margins were always above 20% through all those years, even the first year of 
the IPO, right? But since the last couple of years, there's been a huge drop in those margins. And 
I know there have been investments into new line of businesses, but then what is the expectation 
that these EBITDA margins could revert back to 25% kind of levels, right? Or this is the new 
normal and we are not expected to get there anytime sooner? 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes. See, our EBITDA margins is a direct function of our operating leverage. So if you see the 
same period, the historical revenue growth has been fairly healthy. Different reasons that we 
highlighted, the revenue growth is muted. 
 
So the way our business works, it's a fairly high fixed cost structure of vans, guards, drivers, 
employees, etcetera. And then incremental points added in the route add significantly to the 
bottom line. So the muted revenue growth, for example, this quarter because of the MFI and 
personal loan crisis means that our revenues are growing at a lower rate than our cost. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Ideally, any growth in revenue above our cost growth rate, which is inflationary -- inflation-
related growth 8%, 9%, any revenue growth above that will add significantly to our bottom line. 
So our aim is to get the revenue growth at mid- to high teens, which will automatically translate 
to much better EBITDA margins from where we are today. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
Okay. But is there any guidance? 
N Muthuraman: 
I will not put out any specific guidance as yet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock PMS. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Krushi Parekh here from BugleRock PMS. I have one question, and pardon me, I've not gone 
through your earlier comment. Can you help me understand what are the key operational 
differentiation that we have as a result of which we enjoy one of the lowest cash loss percentages 
as compared to, say, maybe other players in the industry? And what are the key operational 
differences that we do that others are not able to replicate? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Well, I think this is clearly dealing with our operations. And all I can say is that we have a very 
strong ex-service set up, which is there. And integrity is a very important part of the organization 
as a consequence. And so our fidelity losses and all are negligible. 
 
So it's more a culture in the organization where we look upon it as a -- each region looks upon it 
as something to be very upset about in case there is a cash loss. And so it's kind of deeply 
ingrained into the culture over the last 1.5 decades. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So one of the key attribute that you would assign to is that the integrity, the culture that we enjoy 
within the organization? And of course, beyond that, operational efficiencies are there for sure. 
Would that be correct assessment? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Yes. And also, every region wants to do well and wants to prove. So they really focus on the 
process and procedures. And the fact that the essential bedrock or the intrinsic structure of the 
organization is largely ex-service in nature, that has helped us a great deal. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. Okay. That's helpful. My second question is that now that we have about 15% of our 
business through our direct approach versus coming from the bank, what is it that the company 
has -- how is the company structured? And how is it approaching the entire space now that we 
are approaching to the customers directly? And what kind of solutions are we offering which we 
have not been able to offer earlier? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Currently, you see the thing is the nationalized banking sector, by and large, nearly 57% of the 
nationalized banking sector has not so far got into this kind of outsourcing. But all their end 
customers are in need of the support and services. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
So therefore, now our target is to target these customers, and see as to how many of them we can 
now recruit or enroll them as our direct customers. So that's the reason why we are seeing this 
kind of growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay, who is an Individual Investor. 
Sanjay: 
My question is with respect to any strategic acquisitions we are looking for. For example, AGS 
Transact Technologies, which is in severe doldrums. Are we looking at such kind of strategic 
acquisition of companies which would improve penetration -- market penetration? 
N Muthuraman: 
We are always on the open for looking at acquisitions that fits into our overall larger scheme of 
things. But not looking at any specific. We are looking at -- as in the way we've done our 
Acemoney acquisition, it has proved to be a very healthy return on our investment. So we are 
open for looking for acquisitions but in a fairly calibrated manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, I want to know that how the month of April and May have progressed towards acquisition 
of newer client or increase in the businesses. And because the cash carrying is getting reduced, 
then is it likely to be a trend because we are moving for digital payments and all that. So is it 
likely to get reduced in the days to come, I want to know from you, sir? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Well, UPI and digital payments is definitely a factor. But we are largely based on the cash in 
circulation. The cash in circulation is a healthy about INR36 lakh crores to INR37 lakh crores as 
of now. 
 
So you must always look upon them as two parallel streams of transaction. There will be digital 
transactions also and cash transactions also parallelly happening. So I can only say one thing that 
April numbers have been better than our March numbers. And March was the last month of the 
year -- financial year. So the positive trend that there has been an increase is very heartening. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
So are we acquiring customers in the current year, sir, in terms of collecting cash or movement 
of costly goods as courier services? 
N Muthuraman: 
Sorry, we didn't follow your question. Can you repeat, please? 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, have we acquired newer customers in the current year, which can enhance our business? 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes, it's a continuous process. Every day we add new points. And every month, we add new 
customers. It's a continuous process. Yes, we are adding. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay, okay. And sir, I understood this way that we also carry costlier goods as a courier service. 
So is my understanding correct, sir, about our company? 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes. We do carry diamond, gold, silver and the jewelry and bullion as a service that has started 
about 1.5 years back. And it's just still a very small portion of our revenues, less than -- about 
1% of our revenues are from non -- other than cash. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. So can this become a big business in years to come sir? 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes. Yes, 100%. That business is fairly large and in fact, bigger than the cash management 
business in terms of industry size. So it can become fairly large. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
And are we really orienting ourselves for acquisition of more customers like Titan or other 
jewelry companies? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Yes. We are looking at many corporate customers also parallelly, along with medium and small 
scale jewelers as well. So corporate customers are definitely a part of our targeted market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. 
Rishikesh: 
Sir, my question is, what has to happen for us to grow at high teens? And do we see such a level 
of growth rate in FY '26 onwards? 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes. So we are taking several sales, marketing initiatives as well as adding more banks to our 
portfolio. And -- so the market is fairly large. The number of retail outlets that is eligible to use 
the service of this nature will be in the order of 50 lakhs in our estimate. And all the players put 
together hardly cater to 3 lakhs. So we do have a fairly large untapped market. 
 
It is not yet -- as an outsourcing of cash handling has not been a mainstay offering by banks and 
it is positioned as a premium value-added service. We are trying to break that and offer this at 
really low cost to the customers. The cost could be as low as INR2,000 per point per month. It 
can start from as low as that. 
 
So we are trying to break that premium mold to make it universally acceptable. Every customer 
can start using this, every business customers can start using this. And we have a wide variety of 
product offerings. If there's a single outlet, they can use Insta Credit. If it's a chain outlet, they 
can use our Door-step banking. And if it's a pan-India outlet, they can use our Network Cash 
Management services, etcetera. 
 
So a wide set of offerings so that we can cater to every type of client. And market potential is 
huge, so we are expecting that the growth rate will be fairly healthy in the current year. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. So what sort of growth and EBITDA margins do we see in FY '26? Basically, if I have to 
see last many quarters, we have been growing at touch points. But then our revenues have been 
fairly in a flattish range. So that is where I'm coming from. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes, we have given a guidance, a slightly longer-term guidance, not specifically for FY '26, of 
mid- to high teens in revenue growth, and that should help us improve the EBITDA margins 
much better because, as I said, it's a high operating leverage business. We've not put out any 
specific target number yet on the revenue and EBITDA for FY '26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandramouli, who is an Individual Investor. 
Chandramouli: 
Sir, you are talking about the Acemoney, where the transaction volume is sustainable. Is the 
increment revenue comes from the transactions or it's only the POS machine where you charge 
something and you get the revenue out of it? 
Alexander David: 
Alex here on the Acemoney. The POS, when we give the device to the customer, that's just a 
onetime revenue. But after that, all the transaction volume which happens with that device, that 
is the actual revenue. 
Chandramouli: 
So you have incremental revenue based on the transaction, am I right? 
Alexander David: 
That's correct. 
Chandramouli: 
Okay, okay, okay. And you're talking about the growth, you don't want to comment on the 
growth, but earlier you were saying about the mid- to high-teen growth over the period of next 
3 to 5 years. At least is that plan is intact? 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes, yes. I just now commented on that same thing. We have not put out a specific number for 
FY '26, but midterm growth of high -- mid- to high teens is very much on course, 15% to 18% 
growth in top line CAGR over the next 3 years is very much on course. That's our target that we 
work with. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Chawla, who is an Individual Investor. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Regarding the valuable logistics, as Colonel sir mentioned, that we need an upfront intra to have 
the clients. So now my question is, how much -- what percentage of that infrastructure has been 
deployed? Like are we looking to have more infra or it's like done in the last 6 quarters? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
With regards to the infrastructure, you see the advantage we have is that we already have quite 
a bit of that infrastructure which is concurrent along with the cash logistics infrastructure, but 
also specific with regards to software that is required or specialized vehicles which are required. 
So we do require that kind of infrastructure. 
 
We are focusing on certain sectors as of now for growth, so where the traction has already been 
seen. And thereafter, then we'll move into a completely pan-India kind of configuration. So we 
are focusing on what we call certain specific lane growth traction that we are looking at right 
now. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Got it, got it. So if the infra is ready for a certain segment, like you mentioned, like the key hubs 
of jewelry, if that works successful in the coming quarters, then you will deploy more for pan-
India network. Did I get that correct? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Absolutely. You are right. 
Abhishek Chawla: 
Okay. And regarding the Cash Van Operations, like that has grown tremendously. So what is 
your going forward plan for the cash van? 
David Devasahayam: 
Cash van is, again, a very important segment. And currently, there are over 7,000 to 10,000 cash 
vans currently deployed all over the country. So it's a huge opportunity that we are looking at 
right now. And it also gives us significant return on investment. So we are looking at particularly 
the new contracts which are coming up. And this is one area where you'll see a lot of growth in 
the coming years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sudeep Samanta, who is an Individual Investor. 
Sudeep Samanta: 
What is the cash balance in our book, end of FY '25, like March '25, what is the cash balance? 
T. V. Venkataramanan: 
Cash balance, we have about INR80 crores of cash balance. 
Sudeep Samanta: 
INR80 crores? 
T. V. Venkataramanan: 
INR80 crores. 
Sudeep Samanta: 
Okay. And what is the Acemoney revenue this quarter? Even last quarter, you guys are doing 
like INR15 crores, INR17 crores. So this quarter? 
T. V. Venkataramanan: 
Acemoney this quarter. 
N Muthuraman: 
Acemoney, the full year is about INR22 crores. 
T. V. Venkataramanan: 
Yes, that's right. 
Sudeep Samanta: 
Last quarter, you guys say like INR15 crores, INR17 crores like revenue... 
N Muthuraman: 
INR15 crores, I think it was for the 9 months. 
Alexander David: 
Nine months. 
N Muthuraman: 
INR15 crores was for 9 months and INR21 crores is for the full year -- INR22 crores is for the 
full year.  
T. V. Venkataramanan:   This quarter, Acemoney did a revenue of about INR5.5 crores. 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Sudeep Samanta: 
INR5.5 crores. And going forward, what is the future about Acemoney? It would be growing 
like that only? Or like slowly, gradually it would build? 
Alexander David: 
No, we are expecting -- so we have a target of almost 90,000 machines, a target of a very, very 
ambitious transaction volume. So it's going to be much higher than the guidance what we predict. 
Sudeep Samanta: 
And second thing, like our core business, every quarter, we say we have to achieve more than 
20% EBITDA, but still we are lagging. Still, we have 17%, 16% EBITDA. So going forward, at 
least we hope we can achieve more than 20%. Isn't it, sir? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Absolutely, that's the aspiration. And deeply loyal to our shareholders and looking at it. So that 
is definitely the aspiration. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of from Dhairya from Northeast Broking. 
Dhairya: 
So sir, what I understand is majority of the gold and valuables are imported. So now suppose if 
a consignment has arrived at the Visakhapatnam port, and now there's a retailer who has to 
deliver it -- hello? 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Yes, please. 
N Muthuraman: 
Yes, yes, go ahead. 
Dhairya: 
Who has a retail outlet in Mumbai. So how do we transport that, because operationally, it is not 
viable to go via roadways. So what is the split between the airway cargoes and the roadway 
cargo? And also, how do we hedge against the prices of the airway cargo as the airway cargo 
prices keep on fluctuating? Do we have any tie-ups with particular airlines or something air 
cargo? Or how do we do that, sir? 
Alexander David: 
Yes. Alex here. Yes, we do have tie-ups with some of the major airline players. And because we 
already have our presence across the country, handling our cash logistics, our last mile 
connectivity is also very, very strong. 
 
So yes, we have a connection with all the airway vendors. And at both sides, at the port receiving, 
origin and the receiving branch, we have our people mobilized, and we deliver the consignments 
within a certain time line requested by the customer. 
Dhairya: 
Perfect. And what is the split between the air cargo and the by road cargo, sir? 
Alexander David: 
We're about half. So 50-50, 50% by air and 50% is done by road. 
Dhairya: 
And sir, my final question is, does RBI permit to carry both cash and valuables in the same van, 
I mean during the same logistics, the same route or something? Or it is mandated that cash should 
be handled in a separate van and valuables should be handled in, I mean, different van? 

  
Radiant Cash Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Alexander David: 
We don't see... 
Col David Devasahayam: 
No, there is no mandate as such from the RBI. But normally, no logistics player will mix the 
two. Cash is a separate entity, a separate commodity. And for hygiene requirement, is always 
maintained separately. So cash and valuables are really never mixed with each other. 
N Muthuraman: 
Just to add, the timing of the requirements is also very different. Cash is between 10:00 to 3:00, 
where the banking hours are versus the movement for valuables is largely in the night. So we 
can -- while you can use the same set of assets, it is not simultaneously cannot be transported. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Col David Devasahayam: 
Thank you very much. It's so nice to get such wonderful questions from the shareholders. In 
conclusion, I'd like to say that the overall performance for the year has been stable with marginal 
improvement in profitability. The operating leverage that had helped report healthier 
performance in FY '23 and prior years was affected in the current year due to muted revenue 
growth from the core business. With renewed focus on sales initiatives across all the verticals, 
we are confident of improving the performance in the ongoing financial year. 
 
I'm confident of considering the trajectory with the help of our new initiatives, to tap the huge 
opportunities for growth supported by a very strong management team. I want to express my 
gratitude for your continued support to Radiant. We are confident that our sustained efforts will 
lead promising results for all stakeholders. Thank you all for your time and your continuing 
interest in our company. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
