 
 
 
 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
Regd. Off.: Plot No.700, Door No.8-2-293/82/A/700, Road No.36, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad – 500033, Telangana, India 
Phone: +91-40-40300300/01/02/03/04, Fax: +91-40-40300328, E-mail Id: cstech@moldtekindia.com 
Website: www.moldtekindia.com CIN No: L25200TG1985PLC005631 
 MTTL/SECT/27/2025-26 
 
 
 
       
                           Date: 20th June, 2025 
 
  
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001. 
Scrip Code: 526263 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
Symbol: MOLDTECH - EQ 
 
Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call. 
 
Ref: Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
This has reference to our letter dated 12th June, 2025 where-in the Company has given intimation to the 
exchange(s) about the schedule of the Conference call of the company to discuss the key business updates 
regarding the recently executed Memorandums of Understanding (MoUs) by the Company with M/s. 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited (IBSL) & M/s. Affordable Robotic & Automation Limited (ARAPL) 
on 17th day of June, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
In this regard, pursuant to the Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Conference call 
of the company and the same has been uploaded on our website on the following web-link: 
 
https://www.moldtekengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/Emkay-MoldTekTech-Jun17-2025.docx 
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
      
  
  
  
 
 
Thakur Vikram Singh 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
Encl.: A/a 
THAKUR 
VIKRAM 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by THAKUR 
VIKRAM SINGH 
Date: 2025.06.20 
16:22:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
Conference Call” June 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. LAKSHMANA RAO JANUMAHANTI – CHAIRMAN 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – MOLD-TEK 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK TAPARIA – EMKAY GLOBAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mold-Tek Technologies Conference Call 
hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Taparia from Emkay Global Financial Services Limited for opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Abhishek Taparia: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome Mr. Lakshmana Rao Janumahanti, Chairman 
and Managing Director, and thank him for this opportunity. I shall now hand over the call to him 
for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks to Emkay Global. We are all here to discuss about the 
various developments at Mold-Tek Technologies. I first want to bring to your attention about 
our MOUs we signed with Interarch and Affordable Robotics and Automation. 
 
So Interarch, as you all know, is a leading PEB steel building manufacturing company in India 
with several units across India and the MOU with Interarch, which we entered about a couple of 
months ago, enabled Mold-Tek to lead their products marketing in the United States especially 
and also assist them in designing and drafting services here in India. 
More than Indian services, the most interesting development is working for U.S. construction 
industry. Through Interarch, we will be procuring not only the designing and detailing services 
which we have been doing for the last two decades, but we will also be providing them the 
buildings manufactured by Interarch and supply to them for erection. 
Even for erection, we are planning to tie up with a couple of well renowned erectors in the USA 
so that the builder gets the full gamut of services right from designing, detailing, supply of the 
building from India in pieces so that that steel building can be erected in the site. 
Then the finishing operations will be taken care by the builder to make the building like walls 
and windows and doors and other stuff. So, this is the way buildings are erected in USA and our 
experience of last 20-25 years helped Interarch to get into the U.S. export market. So that way 
Mold-Tek will gain not only the work for designing, detailing and sealing of the buildings which 
are mandatory in USA and also commission on the sale of the building value in future. 
So already we are discussing about 5-6 buildings prospects and together we are participating in 
a trade show in November in United States on the same platform in the same booth representing 
our collaboration and how it benefits the builders in USA. So, this will be the major step forward, 
but for these income streams to come in, it might take a couple of quarters, but the foundation 
has been well laid. 
Similar arrangement with Affordable Robotics and Automation is also a listed company. We 
entered couple of weeks ago. Under this, our MES division which is well-versed in robotic 
designing, layout designing, shop floor designing for automobile companies will be able to take 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Affordable's way into United States and mainly Europe where we have several clients for whom 
we have been working for more than 7-8 years now. So Affordable will gain the advantage of 
marketing their services -- their products in USA and Europe and Mold-Tek will gain the 
designing and detailing work of Affordable both in abroad and even if they have excess work 
here in India. 
Currently our standards and methods what we follow are in line with the U.S and European 
market requirements. Hence our assistance will also help Affordable to grow their business in 
those countries. So, this also will give company, Mold-Tek an opportunity to enhance its own 
business and also earn commission on the entire scope of the project which can be sizable in 
numbers. 
So we hope these two initiatives will take our performance better during the coming quarters 
and any other details you wish to know, we can go through question and answer mode. Over 
back to the operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding our base CE, the Civil 
engineering as well as the business. Sir, for quite a few quarters we haven't been able to grow 
our business as expected and we are a much smaller part of the whole industry. 
So why haven't we been able to grow and sir based on your commentary in the current quarter, 
it seems that things are turning around. Sir, can we see an improvement in our order booking 
going forward? This is my first questions. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, I understand it's not several quarters, only the last two quarters have been bad for the 
company, Q3 and Q4. Even in Q2 the company made a very handsome profit of INR12.76 crores 
EBITDA and PBT of INR10.8 crores. So, till Q2 it was all fine. Since the election campaigning 
and elections started in the U.S., the majority of the projects were on hold till Jan-Feb and even 
in the month of -- from month of March we started seeing the flow of work improving.  
But for the projects to complete and start invoicing, it would generally take two, three months. 
So, from the Q1 onwards we hope things will turn around, if not in a -- as good as last year Q1, 
but it will certainly be better than the Q3 and Q4 of -- or at least the Q4 of the 24-25. So that is 
mainly because order book started improving from Feb-March and now currently it is around 
USD3.5 million, which was – it went down to 1.7, 1.8 two quarters ago in the civil which is our 
main domain.  
So, the reconstruction activity started picking up, but still there is some confusion about the 
tariffs and the imports of buildings and erection of buildings. So, some disturbance is still there, 
but in civil we see the traction picking up in this Q1. And coming to our other line of area which 
is BIW that is Body in White robotic line designing, shop floor designing.  

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
The majority of the reason for the slow growth in that area is new models of automobiles have 
slowed down in the number of varieties because there was a lot of activity couple of years ago 
for last 2 years wherein EV models were introduced rapidly, but now they are stabilizing on that 
and any changes coming only minor cosmetic changes are happening.  
So, nobody is taking up a complete revamp of the designing that’s why the designing 
assignments in BIW robotics has come down which has impacted our MES revenues. Going 
forward we also taken these two steps of signing these MOUs because we will be a part of the 
building revenues we can get from the building value rather than just providing the designing 
and detailing services which hardly constitute 3% to 4% of the overall building cost.  
So Interarch that way will gain our expertise in USA both in terms of design, detailing and 
stamping which is very important aspect for any building to be erected in USA. So that way they 
gain and we also gain some commission on the -- comfortable commission on the overall 
building cost rather than just doing the designing work. 
 
Same thing with Affordable Robotics who are into BIW robotics in India. They supply to 
Mahindra & Mahindra and couple of major automobile companies in India, but they have not 
yet proved themselves in Europe and USA. So, our association will enable them to bring their 
robots and automation equipment and erect in Europe and USA and that way it will be a good 
synergy between both our companies. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. So, if I look at on a conservative basis what are the revenue growth we can expect and 
what is the conservative basis what is the margin we can expect for FY26 considering better 
utilization of our employee and personnel? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, we hope that we will be definitely in the black in this year, no cotton white drop into red 
like what it happened in the Q4. Hopefully it should start improving in Q1, but pick up pace 
from Q2 onwards and we hope at least we will achieve the overall profitability which we did in 
24-25, that is 24-25 we achieved INR16 crores overall profit, PBT, that is profit before tax and 
INR12 crores PAT.  
So, we are currently aiming to get back to that level and if things go well in terms of acquisition 
which we are still in the process of negotiating with couple of companies in structural designing 
space, things can be still better, but we are hoping that we should be able to get back to the figure 
of 24-25. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir this would be on a conservative basis, right? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
You see, as I see today from a negative situation in Q4 aiming at achieving the 24-25 is currently 
our, I would say, realistic number, but however when we talk over the end of the Q1 or Q2 there 
will be more clarity. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, just a final question from my end. Sir, based on the -- sir, we have increased our 
employee strength quite a lot like INR105 crores is the employee expenses currently, so what is 
the revenue potential that we can generate from this current base and what is the employee 
addition that we can expect in this year and next year? 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, currently we have downsized our MES to some extent during last couple of quarters. Now 
we have stopped any more reduction. Current employee strength continued to be close to 1,000-
1,069. 1,169, which has tapered a little bit over the last 1-year not much maybe around 40-50 
people overall reduction, but this year in Civil we are seeing the traction picking up.  
Mechanical is yet to, but a lot of new areas in SPM area we are now trying to gain entry and 
because BIW seems to be still stagnant. So once SPM starts picking up and we prove our metal 
in special purpose missions’ line of activity, the MES also should start picking up from Q2 
onwards. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, good. And sir, what would be the revenue potential for these employees currently, if we 
can employ them at 70%-80% utilization levels? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, if all the 1,100 out of which maybe at least 950 -- 900 to 1,000 people may be productive 
employees in the engineering space. The revenue potential for this entire capacity is more than 
USD25 million to USD30 million, but filling that capacity consistently is a challenge. That is 
where we are trying through these MOUs better revenue options. So, our capacity of 1,000 
people is more than USD30 million in a -- at a fully utilized model, but currently the utilization 
is hovering. 
 
Periodically, especially last 6 months, the utilization rate has fallen to almost 55%-60%. So, it 
should be at least 75%-80% levels so that the company performance would be much, much 
better. Because ours is a sunk cost concept. All the costs if you look at, majority of the cost is 
almost 70% is in employee benefit expenses. So whatever utilization we get from them, that will 
add to the revenue and to the bottom line immediately. 
So, from current level of, let’s say, USD4 million per quarter, last year it was -- last quarter it 
was little less than USD3.55 million. So, from there, whatever growth comes up will go to the 
bottom line. So, we are currently just below the breakeven in the last quarter. Probably in Q1 we 
will cross breakeven and show some positive result. And from Q2 onwards, we should be able 
to shoot up reasonably well. As the revenue adds up, it will go to the -- improve the model. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got you. Sir, coming to your comment, sir, why are we facing this issue in the Civil segment 
where we are a smaller player than what would be the overall market size? Sir, is it because we 
aren't able to acquire the structural acquisition currently? Or is it because of general slowdown 
where construction activity has stopped in U.S due to elections and post as it improves, we can 
expect improvement? Is this understanding, correct? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
No, in civil, it's a fragmented market. We, I would say, are one of the leading players on the top 
two or three. Proteus is another company which is of our size. And there are four or five players 
who are about 500 to 700, 800 people strong. So that way in civil, we have one of the largest 
capacities in India. But as you correctly said, your second guess is correct. 
During the elections and soon after the elections’ uncertainty, building construction has taken a 
very slow pace in USA. That has directly impacted our revenues and the workflow. Actually, if 
you look at our write-offs and bad debts, which used to be three, four years ago to the tune of 
200,000-300,000, have come down to some $20,000-$25,000. That is a check for your quality 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
standards. So our quality has been well accepted. And we have been considered as one of the 
most preferred detailer in USA. 
Second reason what you said is also correct that our delay in acquisition of structural designing 
company is also not given the kind of growth we anticipated. So, now we are closely talking to 
a New Jersey-based company, but I can't comment until some positive thing happens. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, there is a company called PDS where they -- what I understand from 
the structural design aspect of our operations is, these are very regional companies. So a 
company in Florida would work only in Florida. A company in New York would work only in 
that area.  
So have you thought of the PDS model where we, rather than acquiring these companies, we tie 
up with independent consultants and give them a share of profit to grow our business? Sir, is 
that a possibility or we would require 100% ownership of the end company to grow our business? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
No, working for again as a part-time will lead to Indian rates and lesser margins. So it is always 
better -- as you correctly said, structural designing is a regional activity. Somebody in Florida 
generally works for majority of the company -- 90% of their work is only from Florida, maybe 
10% from other parts. 
Similarly, somebody in New Jersey will be working for construction companies in New Jersey, 
New York area and maybe 10%-20% from outside. So acquiring at least 4, 5, 6 companies in 
different regions gives us overall national coverage. So that was our plan of activation. 
First one is the most difficult to acquire, because once we have a structural designing company 
and Americans working in that and able to showcase that we are running the show here with 
Indian support, and able to meet deadlines, and able to give better quality at low price, there will 
be as you said some partners may join and willing to work with us, or we can make more and 
more acquisitions.  
The team which is a structural designing engineering team will be able to impress upon the new 
acquiring acquires to be positively respond to our proposals. First acquisition is the most difficult 
one and we are looking for people with somewhat similar mindset and commitment. Once that 
happens, using them in the front end, we will be able to make regional acquisitions at least one 
or two a year to ramp up our structural designing business. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, I have more questions, I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aastha from Pkeday Advisors. 
Aastha: 
Sir, my first question is how many orders do we have in hand right now? Like can I get a 
bifurcation also that with Interarch we have these many orders that's our order book size and 
with Affordable that's our order book size? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Our order book size on the civil engineering, designing and drafting, which is our internal order 
booking is now close to 3.5 million as on 1st June. So it has fallen down to almost 2 million 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
about 6 months ago, 6, 8, 9 months ago. Now currently it started picking up in the last 3 months 
I can say, and it's now currently is 3.5 million.  
With Interarch, we have at least 5, 6 builders we are discussing as a total overall scenario, but 
still we are yet to make a first sale. It's hardly 2 months ago we started proposing ourselves as a 
provider of the buildings. But I am glad that there are quite a few RFQs at least 6, 7 buildings 
we are discussing with the clients and there is also some confusion about the tariffs.  
Is it a tariff on steel? Or is it a steel building? And how much is that -- is still they are not able 
to make out, but initial our offers have been found to be very attractive to American builders. 
Because there is a considerable reduction in the labour component in fabrication works, which 
gives them an advantage even if there is a marginal tariffs. So this tariff confusion is also 
something which delayed the take-off in that field. But I am sure some clarity will come in a 
month or two and things will start rolling. 
Aastha: 
Understood sir. Since, this five, six builders -- we are already in talks with five, six builders, 
what would be the project size? I mean for individual builder, what would be the project size? 
Would it be, may be just in Indian currency -- would it be INR1 crore, or for a bigger project 
would it be INR5 crores? So then our margins would be improving right? If it's a bigger project? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
No building will be less than at least US$500,000, that's about INR4 crores, even if it's a medium 
size shed or pre-engineered metal building. I think building minimum average, you should take 
it somewhere around $0.5 million, and it can be $2 million, $3 million also depending upon the 
size of the building. 
So we have few buildings which are in the region of 300,000 – 400,000 to 500,000 for couple 
of them, and couple of them more than that -- close to 1 million, which are under the RFQ stage. 
Due to this confusion in the tariffs, the builders are not able to push forward. But couple of them 
has indicated that our pricing is very competitive, and they wish to go forward once they have 
some clarity on the tariffs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity once again. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding this JV with 
Interarch. Sir, what would be the commission that they will get on the overall revenue? Sir, 
would we have to provide our services at a lower cost to these players because of being present 
in India or yes, on that thing? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
No, the pricing of our services will remain as what we charge to US clients, for not only for 
designing and detailing, but also stamping and supervising of the project during the erection. So 
we will be certainly getting a decent amount of revenues for the work that we rendered. Apart 
from that, we are eligible for 5% of commission, up to 5% of commission on the building cost 
itself -- whatever the export value of Interarch. So that way if we start getting the buildings, it 
will be a sizable contribution for us. 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, there is another player called Pennar Industries who does PEB exports to US. So what 
we understand is they do everything in-house. How is Mold-Tek’s and Interarch’s JV or MoU 
positioning different from what the Pennar would approach a client to? And how likely are we 
able to get orders from this going forward? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
So, as far as my knowledge goes, Pennar does exports. But Pennar also needs a front-ending 
structural designing firm or a stamping PE, which I don't know whether they have or not. I can't 
comment on that. But we have a PE on our employment and also firms which work with us in 
PE stamping, which we have been doing for last almost 10 years. So that is a very critical input 
for the builders in USA, without which they can't buy and erect buildings. 
So I am not fully aware of Pennar's model, but our relation with Interarch will enable us to give 
the overall designing, detailing, stamping and the building supply. What they need is to provide 
the foundation, erect the building and close the building with glass, or shutters, or prefab 
products. So that way, the building construction will be very fast and economical. Our pricing 
shows there is a massive cost difference between what is fabricated within US and supplied from 
India, or even from other Asian countries. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, in our civil engineering side, sir, is there a possibility of us providing these services 
to European customers, or any other market where margins are good? Or we are currently 
focused only on the US market? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Our civil buildings are focused only on US market, whereas our MES services are predominantly 
in Europe, because major automobile companies manufactured in Europe are related with us for 
last 7-8 years. Our business model is mostly for European MES services, that is automobile. 
 
One or two accounts we opened in USA, including Tesla. So hopefully, Tesla Tier 1 suppliers 
we are dealing with. In USA also, we have automobile clients for automobile services, whereas 
in civil it is predominantly USA. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, just final question from me. Sir, what portion of our revenue did come from the structural 
design, or the member design aspect in FY '25, and what is expected in this current year? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
It is somewhere hovering around $600,000 to $700,000 that's about INR5 crores for last year. 
Even this year also it is somewhere around that. Because, as I said, last 6 months the activity is 
not taken off in USA. But still we are maintaining structural designing, somewhere around 
$500,000 to $600,000, maybe more than that, $600,000-$700,000. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, if I look at Mold-Tek Technologies from a medium-term, or like maybe 2-3 years -- 
what I read is that there is going to be a re-globalization, where lot of companies are either going 
to set up their warehouses, or do some kind of industrial construction in United States to either 
get benefits from type, or some other diversification strategy? 
So within 2-3 years can we expect to double our revenue just based on how the market is 
growing, how MoUs we have signed and the capabilities that we are planning on. Is that fair 
assumption? 

 
Mold-Tek Technologies Limited 
 
 
June 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, we should be in 3-4 years, able to double our sales with all these MoUs and the new lines 
of activity we are entering in, because including structural design acquisition. If these things 
happen, I am sure it is a fairly good assumption. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, on the structural design aspect can we expect the acquisition to get closed by FY '26 end? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
See, actually we have been trying for last 1year-1.5 years on these acquisitions but we are not 
finding the correct partners. Most of them are retiring engineers who want to leave the business 
and go, but that is not what we are looking for. We want at least couple or one of the partners to 
stay with us for 3 to 5 years, and that is where we are not able to clinch the deals. 
But now we are in a position to talk to one client, one proposal in New Jersey area who are 
willing to work with us for 3 years. We are trying to ask for 5 years and that negotiation has just 
started. If something happens, we will certainly be informing the exchangers. 
Madhur Rathi:  
Got it. Sir, that was from my end. Sir, thank you so much and all the best. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. Sir, please go ahead. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
I take this opportunity to thank all the investors and analysts who have attended the call today. I 
also take the opportunity to thank Emkay Global for providing the opportunity to connect with 
our investors. Thank you very much. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
