 
 
R SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
Corporate Identity Number: L74899DL1993PLC053579  
Registered Office: GF-1-A, 6, Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi – 110019, India 
Corporate  Office: 3rd Floor, Tower No. 1, IT/ITES SEZ of Artha Infratech Pvt. Ltd, Plot No. 21, 
Sector TechZone-IV, Greater Noida West, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh - 201306, India 
 
 
 
rsystems.com 
 
Phone: +91-120-4303500 | Email: rsil@rsystems.com 
 
 
 
REF: SECT/05/2025/23 
 
 
 
 
 
 DATE: MAY 15, 2025  
 
To,                                                                             
The Managing Director 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol – RSYSTEMS 
To,                                                                 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code - 532735 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
SUB: SUBMISSION OF TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTORS/ ANALYSTS CALL FOR THE 
QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31, 2025  
 
This has reference to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts 
call held on Friday, May 09, 2025 on the financial results for the quarter ended on  
March 31, 2025. 
 
Further, please note that the Transcript of the aforesaid Investors/ Analysts call held on Friday,  
May 09, 2025 is being made available on the website of the Company at the following link: 
  
https://www.rsystems.com/investors-analysts-call/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For R Systems International Limited 
 
 
Bhasker Dubey 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
BHASKE
R DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER DUBEY 
Date: 2025.05.15 
22:25:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“R Systems International Limited 
Q1 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 09, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITESH BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
 
MR. NAND SARDANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
MR. KUMAR GAURAV –VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE 
AND ACCOUNTS) 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed during or in pursuance to this Earnings 
Call.  
2. This transcript has been edited for readability purpose and may contain errors. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to R System's Q1 FY 2025 Conference Call.  
                                                As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kumar. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Kumar: 
Thank you, Steve. I welcome all participants to Q1 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Since                     
R Systems follows calendar year as its financial year, January to March quarter is Q1 for us. 
We have today with us Nitesh Bansal, Managing Director & CEO, R Systems and Nand 
Sardana – CFO, R Systems. 
 
We have shared the investor presentation late evening yesterday as well as uploaded on 
company’s and stock exchange’s website. Hope, all of you have received this. We will start 
the call with opening remarks on the performance of the company by Nitesh, followed by 
financial overview by Nand, thereafter we will have a closing statement by Nitesh. 
Subsequently, we will open up for Q & A session. Before I hand over, let me read out the 
customary disclaimer statement on behalf of the Company. 
 
Investors are cautioned that this presentation contains certain forward-looking statements that 
involve risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation publicly to update or 
revise any such statements. These statements may undergo revisions because of new 
information, future events or otherwise. Actual results, performance, achievements could differ 
from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.  
 
Now, I am handing over to Nitesh for his opening remarks. Thank you. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Kumar. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining in. This is a difficult 
time in the country with escalations at the borders. So, our wishes go out to all the families, 
wishing for everyone to stay safe and also the best wishes to our armed forces for what they 
are doing. 
 
To begin with, I would like to cover today as always, some of the highlights of our financial 
performance, looking at the financial trend, some operating metrics, touching upon some key 
wins and reflecting on, what we are seeing develop in the market and how we are looking 
ahead. So, without much ado, I will move forward. And for those of you who are referring to 
the slide pack, I will be referring to the slide no. 4 in the slide. Before I start talking about the 
financial performance or go to the numbers, I just wanted to kind of reflect on the overall how 
the Quarter 1 has been. And to be very honest, Quarter 1 has been a little bit of a bittersweet 
quarter and where on one hand, we witnessed delay in decision making coming as a result of 
global uncertainties with the tariff-induced challenges, etc., which led to some discretionary 
spend being cancelled resulting in some immediate impact on revenues. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
But on the other hand, if you would remember last quarter earnings call when we talked about 
how we are entering the next fiscal with a strong, robust pipeline of large deals, which we have 
continued to work on and have won, which is then reflected in our actual headcount increase 
during the quarter. So, it has been a bittersweet quarter in that way.  
                                                Looking at the numbers, we closed Quarter 1 at INR 442.5 crore or $51.1 million, which is, in 
INR terms, it is a degrowth of about 1.5% percent quarter on quarter. We reported an adjusted 
EBITDA of INR 76.8 crore, which is a 28.1% growth on EBITDA in INR terms and 22.8% 
growth in USD terms. 
 
Net profit of INR 38.6 crore or $4.5 million with cash and cash bank balances of INR 243.4 
crores in rupees or $28.1 million. And total equity attributed with shareholders of about                  
INR 671.5 crores or $77.6 million. 
 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, last quarter, we had reported an adjusted EBITDA of 17.8%. 
This quarter it is 17.4%. This is after taking into effect the salary hikes, the wage hikes that 
have been rolled out for the entire organization during the first quarter. Looking at the EBITDA 
bridge from about INR 80 crores in Q4, we got some rupee depreciation benefits of about              
INR 4.7 crores.  
 
We had increment of wage impact of about INR 3.4 crores and due to reduction in revenues 
and other standard operations, another INR 4.6 crores and resulting in a INR 76.8 crores of 
reported adjusted EBITDA. We move to the financial trend, the next slide, the eight quarter 
trend, we have continued to be on quarter on quarter growth. 
 
This is a quarter we've seen a dip. However, based on the deal wins and activities, we do not 
see it as a secular trend. And then we reported 17.4% EBITDA which is fairly stable and we 
are confident of continuing to grow the company with good profit margin and hence being able 
to deliver a good shareholder value over time. 
 
The adjusted EBITDA is essentially excluding the charges on RSUs, which we have anyway 
reported in our press release, the impact of it close to INR 6.2 crores as it comes. Summarizing 
the financial highlights, again, in terms of Revenue, EBITDA and Profit after Tax, we had a 
consolidated revenue of INR 442.5 crores, which is a year-on-year increase of 6.2%. 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA of INR 36.8 crores, which is a year on year increase of 28.1%, and adjusted 
EBITDA percentage of 17.4% compared to 14.4% in the same quarter last year, and hence the 
296 basis points improvement. On a PAT basis, INR 43.4 crores of PAT versus  
INR 31.9 cr. same quarter last year, that's a 36.2% increase in PAT, adjusted PAT percentage 
of 9.8% versus 7.6% at the same quarter last year. So, 216 basis points improvement, and 
adjusted basic EPS has gone up from INR 2.7 per share to INR 3.7 per share on a year-on-year 
basis, which is a 36.1% improvement on the EPS. Moving to the operating metrics, our revenue 
by geography broadly remains the same, there is actually a 0.8% improvement in North 
America, so revenue has shifted slightly more towards North America, but it's not a very huge 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
percentage, it's just a quarterly movement as it shows depending on how the quarterly revenue 
looks like. 
 
Europe still contributes about 8.9%, Southeast Asia contributes 12.7%, and India and others 
are small percentage points. From a client concentration perspective, again, nothing major that 
has shifted, our top client continues to contribute in that 6% range, gone slightly up to 6.2%. 
Top three client contribution has actually gone up slightly more meaningfully from 11.9% to 
13%, and the top five client’s contribution from 17.1% to 17.7%, while the overall top 10 client 
contribution remains just under 25% to 24.8% as compared to 24.5% earlier. 
 
So, while we do not have a single client concentration risk, our top 10 clients continue to give 
us 25% or so, and we are continuing to improve slightly our wallet share across our top 10 
clients.  
Our utilization has continued to stay consistent. Like we had said last quarter, we have probably 
squeezed the utilization lever to the max. We do not anticipate or wish to increase it any further, 
running at about 83% to 84% utilization is one of the industry's best, and we believe that we 
would want to carry a certain amount of strategic bench as we are carrying today, which allows 
us to fuel the growth and new project wins that we get from time to time. Our days of sales 
outstanding has continued to stay in between that 60 to 63/64 days, so we continue to see that. 
Its range bound within the same range, and we do not see any challenges to that either.  
Moving towards some of the qualitative commentary on building for the future, so our go-to 
market has continued to be strengthened. We talked about launching the GCC offering and the 
playbook for mid-size enterprises. We had done that in basically one and a half quarter ago. 
We've seen that as being a very attractive offering where we've seen significant traction, and 
we are continuing to build and scale that offering, especially with a focus towards mid-size 
enterprises. 
Our go-to market with AWS, with Amazon on IoT connectors got announced during the 
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in January this year. That's a significant partnership and 
win together with Amazon, where we are building those connectors which will be then sold 
through and by Amazon on their marketplace. And we have also created other go-to market 
partnerships in niche areas, both in the cloud as well as security side of offerings. 
From a positioning perspective, our offerings, both like I talked about in GCC, they have been 
well-received, and earlier we had offerings around setup. Now we have also created offerings 
on GCC scale-ups, and this is targeting those GCCs in India that have already been established, 
have achieved a certain maturity level, where they're now beginning to develop a partner 
ecosystem to work with and look for more value-added, innovation-led, R&D-led type of 
services being offered through the GCC to their parent companies.  
Our data readiness offerings, analytics, and AI-related offerings have also continued to create 
good positioning and good traction for us in the market. And like I said earlier, we have 
significantly enhanced our partnership status with both Azure and AWS, where now we are 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
not just a partner but certified and achieving competency status globally across several of their 
competency levels.  
From a delivery priority perspective, we continue to focus. We had launched OptimaAI in 
September last year, which is our generative AI workbench for adopting Gen AI practices in 
delivering engineering work that we deliver to our customers. And that's continued to scale, 
and we're seeing good traction with that amongst our customers.  
We also started our Mexico operations earlier last year. It was at the beginning, but during the 
quarter, we started operating with two customers, productively being delivered from Mexico, 
and we are actively enhancing that near-shore positioning towards our North American 
customers, our US clients, to be precise.  
From a leadership development perspective, we continue to hire more sales leadership across 
key verticals in North America. We have actually added specialized data and AI sales 
capability in North America, so we continue to enhance our positioning as well as feet on the 
ground, both in the cloud, security, AI, data, and all these spaces, which are core to our strategy. 
And we also onboarded a leader in quality engineering for leading our quality engineering 
services. 
From a key wins perspective, a bunch of key wins during the quarter. A leading provider of 
data-driven distribution solutions, which is also a private equity-backed company, basically 
chose R Systems to deliver robust infrastructure capability and scalability through on-premises 
solutions.  
This is leveraging leading hybrid cloud platforms, where we are focusing on building, 
modernizing, and deploying scalable high-performance applications with comprehensive 
ongoing management of those applications for the client. So, it's a new engagement, which is 
obviously in a fairly leading technology kind of a space, which we are working closely with 
the customer. 
Another one with a US-based global payments platform, who has partnered with us to create 
an accelerated product engineering team. We are managing the gateway integration,  
re-architecting the reporting systems, and creating improved data insight and operational 
agility for them. They are a new-age payments platform type of a company and working with 
a significant number of e-commerce and other kind of commerce operations across the world 
actually, a global organization providing payment solutions to them.  
For our Canadian B2B marketplace solution, we are currently engaged in accelerating the 
platform development, enhancing quality assurance services to create seamless digital 
experiences for each independent business that comes on the platform, and hence creating 
those buying groups, suppliers, and all of those kinds of things.  
For our fiber optic Internet and triple-play service provider in the US, they have partnered with 
us to create a quality assurance lab for their IPTV, for OTT kind of apps and devices that they 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
offer. And we have created that test lab for them in India, with an expanded test coverage, with 
metrics-driven validation, and improving their overall release efficiency and user experience.  
And in Asia-Pacific, a Singapore-based precision engineering company has engaged us to 
implement Microsoft Dynamics Business Central and CRM solutions, which will help them 
optimize and digitize their end-to-end business processes with an outcome of increasing 
financial visibility and operational excellence across their enterprise. And these are just some 
of the leading examples of the kind of wins we've seen in the first quarter. 
And like I mentioned earlier, including some of the pursuits in the large deal space and some 
wins where we are in transition, thus increasing our headcount without really having an impact 
on revenue during the quarter, which we will continue to, once the transition is over, then we'll 
get into steady-state delivery, etc., in Q2 and so on.  
So, I will pause over there and hand this over to Nand Ji for a detailed overview of the financial 
numbers as he normally does, and then maybe I'll come back to provide a wrap-up. 
Nand Sardana: 
Thank you, Niteshji. Good morning to all. Thank you, everybody, for attending this call. For 
those referring to investor presentation, it is the last page which I will be deliberating. Revenue 
for the quarter was INR 442.5 crores, or $51.1 million, as against INR 449 crores, or $53.2 
million last quarter, and INR 416.6 crores, that is $50.2 million in the same quarter last year. 
This is year-on-year growth of 6.2% and quarter-to-quarter reduction of 1.5%.  
This quarter was impacted by a reduction in onsite consulting revenue and lesser revenue from 
our APAC business and certain one-time revenue in the last quarter. We have started 
witnessing the results from our investment in cloud, data, AI, and automation in terms of large 
deal conversions, which will support to report sustainable revenue growth this year.  
The gross margin was 36.7% compared to 37.9% last quarter and 33.7% same quarter last year. 
Our quarterly margins are primarily impacted by offshore increments. SG&A expenses 
decreased by INR 4.7 crores from INR 90.3 crores in last quarter to INR 85.6 crores this 
quarter. This is mainly due to lesser AR provision, travel expenses, along with true-up of year-
end provision created during last quarter.  
The adjusted EBITDA was 17.4% compared to 17.8% last quarter and 14.4% in the same 
quarter last year. The company has been able to report robust margins percentage through 
operational efficiencies. The RSU cost under Management Incentive Plan 2023 is INR 6.2 
crores compared to INR 7.3 crores last quarter. EBITDA net of RSU expenses is 15.9% as 
against 16.2% last quarter. Despite the external challenges, we maintained EBITDA stability 
through prudent cost management and operational efficiencies. 
 
Getting down to depreciation, the total expense was INR 14.6 crores compared to INR 15.5 
crores last quarter. This includes INR 6.3 crores for intangible capitalized on account of 
Velotio and Scaleworks acquisitions. Interest expense is INR 1.5 crores compared to INR 1.9 
crores last quarter. Other income was INR 2.3 crores compared to income of INR 2.5 crores 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
last quarter. This quarter, we had an exchange gain of INR 71 lakhs compared to exchange loss 
of INR 99 lakhs last quarter, mainly on M2M of forward covers.  
Further, the other income comprised of interest income of INR 1.1 crores this quarter compared 
to INR 1.2 crores last quarter. During the quarter, the average rate for USD and EUR was 86.58 
and 91.06 respectively, as against last quarter average rate of USD 84.46 and EUR of 90.08 
respectively. These are the two main currencies for R Systems. 
At the year end, we have a total forward cover of $36.4 million with average rate of INR 86.03 
and EUR cover of 1.9 million with average rate of 94.76, which have already been marked to 
market at closing rate of March 31st. You will notice that our forward cover at higher rate 
compared to the present rate. Our tax expense was INR 18.1 crores this quarter as against INR 
17.6 crores last quarter. Our effective tax rate comes to around 32% due to non-detectability 
of amortization for intangible acquired through acquisition. This is slightly higher this quarter 
due to some timing reasons. 
Our net profit after tax was INR 41.1 crores or $4.8 million compared to INR 38.9 crores or 
$4.6 million last quarter. Basic EPS for the quarter was INR 3.26 compared to INR 3.33 last 
quarter. The board at its meeting held yesterday has declared an interim dividend for the year 
‘25 of INR 6 per share. Accounts Receivables including unbilled at the end of the quarter were 
INR 361 crores compared to INR 340 crores at the end of last quarter.  
DSO is 64 days as against 61 days last quarter, but quite comfortable. Our cash and bank 
balance is net of short-term borrowing as at end of quarter was INR 243 crores compared to 
INR 196 at the end of last quarter. We have been constantly generating cash from the business. 
 
With that, let me hand over to Nitesh Ji for closing remarks. Thank you. 
 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Nand Ji. So, basically, summing up and looking ahead as we call it, in Q1, led by 
a large deal win and the remaining pipeline of large deals that we continue to work with, our 
pipeline still remains robust. And we continue to believe that even though there were some 
delays in decision-making, temporarily probably caused due to uncertainties, but as things pan 
out during the year, the decisions will start happening and that robust pipeline will obviously 
convert into projects, into revenue. So, we remain positive towards the overall outlook of 2025. 
We've seen increased traction in Agentic AI used cases, as well as the use of generative AI in 
SDLC. And our Optima AI workbench has continued to give us an edge over the competition. 
From the trend’s perspective, clearly tech companies are seeing increasing adoption of AI in 
every aspect of software development. And hence, we believe it is an advantage for partners 
like us, R Systems who are proactively invested in building these capabilities.  
The GCC for mid-market companies has been driving some of the large hiring numbers in 
India, and both for GCC setup and GCC scale-up. And we believe these will continue to remain 
important drivers for reasonably sized deals, capturing that mind space through our launch of 
our point of view, as well as our offering in the space, and trying to go after the mid-market 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
segment, which is our sweet spot, has become quite attractive and has kept us quite active in 
this deal space.  
And despite all the uncertainties faced by the US businesses, we continue to remain optimistic 
for building growth momentum in 2025. So that's really it from me. I would stop the 
presentation and hand it back to the operator for opening it up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Nikhil from Kizuna Wealth. 
Nikhil: 
Good Morning., So, I want to ask a question. Can you comment on what is the discretionary 
spend going on in the high-tech vertical? And what is our GCC strategy going on? And we 
said that we want deals for the GCC offerings. So, what was the size of those deals? And when 
do we expect a significant ramp-up starting? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Nikhil, the discretionary spend in high-tech space continues to be, I would say, tepid for a 
simple reason that on one hand, there is a significant amount of spend happening in building 
the infrastructure and data pipelines, etc., for their AI-related initiatives. On the other hand, 
there is a continuous stream of tech layoffs that is taking place. So, if you look at the enterprise 
high-tech space, the net headcount has been reducing while they have been spending on 
specific initiatives, both in capex and opex terms on the AI front. 
 
From where we look at the market from a mid-size company and platform space, we are seeing 
the opportunity to help those platforms reduce their overall engineering spend for developing 
those platforms. And this is where they are coming to us and working with us also to help them 
ramp up the AI component or the overall AI content in their platforms, which is where they 
otherwise would struggle to have the right kind of talent and capability to build that up. And 
that's where they're partnering with us. 
 
So, we have seen that kind of traction in the market. We are attracting those customers. And 
also, in the wins that we talked about, whether it's the payments platform, whether it's the e-
commerce platform, whether it is the logistics platform that we talked about, each of those are 
wins which are in the same kind of space. 
 
So yes, depending on which cut you look at, the overall discretionary spend may look like 
coming down or staying constant, but it's a question of where we are seeing a market, and we 
are continuing to build traction over there. From a GCC offering perspective, I think your 
question was, what is the typical win size or what are we seeing and when will it create traction 
for us? Well, these deals vary in sizes, of course, so there is no one single answer to that. 
 
When we are talking about large deals, we are obviously talking deals which are not in 
hundreds of thousands, but in millions of dollars, which typically they come with multi-year 
commitments. And since we are in the middle of those deals, we are continuing to work with 
the customers to convince them to work against the competition to win them. These deals 
typically come with a transition, so that's why the win that I talked about, which we have won, 
it will have a couple of months of transition, which is the time during which we ramp up the 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
team, where we transition the work, where we establish the ways of working and then start 
delivering back to them. 
 
And it's after that couple of months of transition that it starts resulting into showing up as 
revenues in our books. So, as we continue to win these deals, we will see that adding up to the 
revenues and we'll get reported accordingly. 
Nikhil: 
Okay, so that's great to hear. So, my second question is that we have signed a UK FTA. And 
the European FTA might be under process and might materialize by the end of this year. So 
how are we thinking of our European expansion? Because one of our large clients is based out 
of Europe? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, with the FTAs, wherever possible, if we get a leg up, we try to but our business has 
actually been working basically because we don't get direct advantages except that, of course, 
it opens up the corridor. There's more dialogue and other things. I think other industries which 
directly get benefited will probably look at these FTAs in a different light. For us, Europe has 
been a strategic market. 
 
Like we've said in the past also, we have invested in strengthening our sales team in Europe. 
We've seen a couple of wins in Europe in Q1. We're building up on that pipeline. And we'll 
continue to perhaps see that our overall revenue from Europe will continue to go up. Whether 
we will see that as a percentage make a significant difference on the overall mix. It may not be 
so in the short run because ultimately as an engineering services or technology services 
provider.  
The US-India corridor always remains the primary channel on which the business happens 
because of the, again, the vastness of the US market and the openness and how mature they 
are in terms of outsourcing or using offshore services. So, we believe that our European 
business will continue to grow at the same pace as our American business and hence we'll 
continue to maintain the revenue mix as we have across geographies. 
But we continue to invest in the market, and we are seeing good traction and wins in that 
market as well. 
Nikhil: 
Great to hear. Sir, my question is on ACV-TCV. How was the growth in ACV-TCV after the 
large deal wins in Q1? Like last time also we provided a certain growth amount. So, if you 
could just highlight that figure. And sir, when do we begin a significant ramp up and do we 
expect it in Q2 or Q3? When do we expect a significant ramp up? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Nikhil, both your questions are related to again, large deal wins and as we win more of those 
deals, automatically it will impact our average ACV win number. Like I said in the past, we 
have gradually and consistently seen our average ACV win number go up. We hope, and this 
is what we have been actively working towards, that with more large deal wins in this year, as 
the year progresses, that number can move up meaningfully. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
Because one large deal in one quarter here or there will not make a needle moving change, 
right? Because it will move up one quarter and then come down again. But consistently 
winning three, four, five large deals, which we hope to do during the year, will definitely move 
that needle and we will certainly be happy kind of seeing that. 
 
From a ramp up perspective, our net headcount is already going up and like you may have seen 
in the press release, our headcount has gone up in Q1. Hopefully as a result of some more wins, 
we will see it move up in Q2, Q3 etc. The quantum of which, I'm not able to talk about right 
now, because again, we are in the middle of doing many of those deals. 
 
But we're keeping our fingers crossed and hopefully you will see that that ramp up happening 
as we go along. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandip Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandip Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the ramp downs, which you have witnessed in the first quarter of 
calendar year 2025. Is it at the later part of the quarter? Why I'm asking this is, it may not have 
a full quarter impact in the first quarter of 2025. If it has been ramped down starting March, it 
may have a full quarter impact in April, May, June. So are you worried about Q2 growth as 
well because of what has happened in the first quarter of calendar year 2025? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sandip, thanks for joining in. And a simple answer to that question is no, we're not worried 
about the impact, having a knock-on impact on Q2 kind of a thing. Because unfortunately for 
us some of this impact was beginning of the quarter. So, we have a full quarter impact kind of 
factored in and it was not even like a cancellation or a ramp down or a churn. It was just a 
logical end of the SOW, which we would have expected to continue. But then given the 
challenges in the economic situation, the customer decided to delay, just not renew at that point 
of time, so that's something. And that's why it came as a little bit of an anticipated thing. Some 
of the churn is quite natural, which happens every quarter, every year, so which also took place. 
But short answer is no, we're not worried about a knock-on impact on Q2 because of this. 
Sandip Shah: 
Okay. So, Sir, is it fair to say the seasonal strength for the industry in the first half of the 
financial year, which I'm talking about as a March as a year, which would be Q2 and Q3 of the 
calendar year for you. There could be a material or considerable ramp up because of the order 
book, which we have as well as the order pipeline. 
And second, the nature of the deals, which we are winning, because is it possible that the nature 
of the deal, which is discretionary and the macro-outlook still remains uncertain, especially in 
the US. These deal wins may not convert on time in terms of revenue. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Now, Sandip, you've asked both sides of the question, so I do not know which one to answer 
first. But look, from our own vantage point, the way we look at our pipeline and order book, 
it's encouraging for us to continue to work on that. We obviously need to convert more of those 
deals. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
The decision making, we are keeping our fingers crossed, does not get delayed too much. I 
mean, we've seen in Q1 some delays to decision making. If decision making gets delayed, it 
will delay the realization of revenues for us. And hence it can create a delay in finally that 
ramp up that earlier Nikhil was asking. 
But assuming that the uncertainties have now been kind of internalized by the organizations, 
they understand what impact they're having, how they need to move forward. So finally, they 
will then start moving forward with the decisions. Then whatever we have in the pipe and 
whatever we were converting should ideally result in being able to continue to build towards 
the growth as we have started the year with. 
From a larger commentary perspective and whatever commentary, I mean, I've seen, I'm sure 
you've got better sources and you've seen that all. At least Q4 commentary, which is Q4 for 
most companies is March, that hasn't been very encouraging. But I think like everybody else, 
we are also hoping that this will, with the start of April and going forward, some amount of 
tailwind will come in and will help us. 
The specific segments that we have been working with targeting the platform companies, the 
data platforms, the whole AI induced acceleration and those kinds of things. We are well 
positioned, and we are seeing that we are winning against some of the larger competition. That 
is the added source of confidence for us, which we are building on. 
Sandip Shah: 
Okay. Last couple of questions. Looking at the Q4 run rate and the first quarter run rate. Do 
you believe based on the ramp up schedule and the pipeline and the deal order book, we can 
be above industry average growth rate in the CY ’25. And when I say industry, I think it could 
be between 4% to 5% kind of a growth. Because to even achieve a more than industry growth 
rate, the lift in the growth rate for the next three quarters would be considerable for R Systems 
looking at the run rate in the fourth quarter last calendar year and first quarter of this calendar 
year. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sandip, honestly too early to say, because like you only said in the last question. It all depends 
on if the decision-making is not delayed, and those wins happen on time. We believe we can 
do that. We should certainly be able to come above the industry growth rate. But while all our 
efforts are in the right direction and the indications from the wins, etc., in the right direction, a 
little bit of timing and luck would also not be bad at this point. 
Sandip Shah: 
Okay. And the last question on the adjusted EBITDA margin outlook. Anything to share both 
in the near term as well as for the calendar year 2025? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, I think last quarter also we had said this from whatever adjusted EBITDA we've reported. 
It is built out of actual productivity and utilization improvements, which are quite sustainable 
and secular. So, we don't believe that we will have any short-term challenges due to that. So, 
we would be able to maintain, the adjusted EBITDA margin levels. However, we are obviously 
investing in go-to-market. We are investing in sales team. We are also investing in building 
capacity and capability, deeper capability around AI and cloud. So, some amount of that 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
investment will go in. But like we had said, last year's annual EBITDA rate is something we 
are quite confident of managing and maintaining and being able to deliver to that. Last year 
we reported 16.7% EBITDA, so, we believe that that rate we will certainly be able to manage 
and deliver. 
Sandip Shah: 
Okay. Thanks. I will come in the follow-up. All the best. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitish from ChrysCapital. 
Nitish: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, in the press release, you have mentioned continued 
traction towards deals and that there are some large deals in the pipeline. Could you provide 
some more clarity on this, such as the size of the deals, the type of work involved, and when 
do we expect them to come through for us? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, size of the deal, like I had mentioned in the earlier question, these are obviously several 
millions of dollars type of deals with multi-year commitments. Nature of work remains core 
to our swim lanes, which is product engineering work, where we are either taking over multiple 
products, including engineering, build, and sustenance activities, or building several pods for 
a rapidly growing platform of product engineering play, where we are adding to their design, 
build, and test capabilities for certain clients for a range or a family of their products. So, it's 
core to our swim lanes in product engineering space. 
And in terms of timing, I think, like I said, we are currently in the process of those deals, and 
we expect some decisions to take place in Q2. Maybe in the worst case, some decisions might 
go into Q3. And then we have some deals which we are beginning now, which will naturally 
go into Q3. So, this is an ongoing thing. And we are just keeping our fingers crossed that we 
continue to receive those decisions on time and can then accordingly reflect those in our results, 
both in terms of ramp-up of headcount and revenues as they come along. 
Nitish: 
And just following up on the question from the previous participant. So, just any number you 
could give, do you expect the revenue growth to be in the high single digits for 2025? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Nitish, we do not provide guidance, but then to Sandeep's question, like I had responded, 
we are quite encouraged by the activities that we are participating in. And if the decisions, etc., 
happen on time and some amount of timing and luck goes along, then maintaining and 
delivering industry, above-industry average growth should be quite possible. 
Nitish: 
Okay. Thank you. That is all from my side. I will fall back on the Q&A, if I have any more 
questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Assets 
Management. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand on the GCC side. I mean, you 
know, so when we see GCC, this is also part of playbook of some of the last year and mid-tier 
IT companies. So, I wanted to understand, given our size, which is there, we have 4000-5,000 
people, and typically GCCs end up recruiting a large number over there. So how do we 
compete or how do we compare ourselves versus these mid-tiers and large tiers? Is it the 
service line which is different or is that very specific niche areas which are there? Some color 
around that will be helpful. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, I'll answer the second part first because that color or context is important as compared to 
some of the large tier players who are possibly mostly involved with large enterprises who are 
looking at, several very very large GCCs, 1,000 people, 2,000 people set up, etc., Our core 
area is actually defined by a mid-market segment. 
We are looking at companies who are not, global 2,000 enterprises. We are looking at mid-
market enterprises, typically $500 million to $5 billion companies in the mid-market who 
typically are looking at GCC setups, which might be a few hundred people, not thousands of 
people type of things. That's number one. 
Second, we stay very true to our swim lane. So, we are only going after companies in the tech 
space. So, these are tech, ISV platforms, health tech companies, fintech companies, and telco 
tech companies, right. So very, very focused in our swim lanes because that's where we bring 
maximum value to them. So, it is not just a pure, you know, people game. It's actually a 
capability game. 
And we are also focused on where GCC objectives are not about back office and doing cost 
takeout operations. These are GCCs which are focused on innovation, R&D, product 
acceleration, and those kinds of things. So, we've carved out our space in a manner that we can 
play a certain amount of niche to it. And that's where we are seeing the positivity and traction 
come through. 
And the second part is that we are not looking at it as a massive recruitment game because 
recruitment, I believe anybody can do, right? It's about making it operational and operating it 
successfully to deliver final KPIs back to the parent company. And that is where you need an 
operator mindset. 
Somebody who has operated, constructed, built those kinds of teams and delivered outcomes 
to companies. And that's what our customers like about us when we help them through this 
journey. So, I hope that kind of provides you a sense of what we are talking about from a GCC 
perspective. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, yes. So, what are the other players, let's say when you go for this particular, on the 
particular engineering side, what are the competitors or peers that compete with you in this 
space? 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, these days we see a wide variety, I mean, there are consulting companies or pure play, 
big five consulting who are basically advising them on GCCs. And sometimes customers have 
a choice that they can work with them to basically say, okay, fine, we'll do it ourselves, but 
you help us guide us through. We have also seen the likes of, what we call GCC facilitators. 
I mean, we have all, seen press releases from Everest and Zinov and others, right? Who can, 
who can handle and carry them through the process. And we've seen some of those in the 
competition. We've also seen, you know, larger midsize players, some of the very well-known 
midsize product engineering or erstwhile product engineering companies from India who also 
participate in those cycles. 
But as far as, like I said earlier, our target selection and our capability towards those domains 
and being, and the ability to deliver an outcome through that GCC to the parent company is 
what has differentiated us. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. Sure. What's the current business size, I mean, or revenue for us for GCC and 
what's the EBITDA mark up that we are making? Is it higher than our company average? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
No, from a business perspective, the price point or EBITDA, etc., that we are seeing today, it 
is not such a big percentage because we just launched it, like in November, So, we've started 
building the book of business and winning some business in that regard. So, it's not such a 
huge percentage or a meaningful percentage that will have an impact on the overall 
organization today as such. 
 
But we definitely consider that this percentage will grow. Where we have been very prudent, 
as I said, since we are doing innovation led or R&D led type of a business, we do not see this 
as being significantly either price or margin dilutive to us. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. And the second question was on, from a business perspective, we have $200 
million of annualized business. I just wanted to get an understanding as to how much is the 
annuity business for us? 
 
Because what I understand is our product engineering business is largely a project-oriented 
business. So, if you can provide some color as to what is the annuity percentage business for 
us of this $200 million and where does this annuity come from? What kind of projects give us 
annuity revenue? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Good question. And I probably, talked about it once in the past as well. You're absolutely right. 
Most of the product engineering business is discretionary spent. It is a project based, project 
to project type of business. And hence, to say that there is a significant portion of annuity in 
there is not right. 
 
And, but the relationships are sticky. So, while the business itself is not annuity, it is project 
discretionary and project based, but it continues year after year simply because once we 
become part of somebody's product engineering team, we know their product, we know their 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
architecture, we know their product roadmap. It is in their favor and it's actually very difficult 
for them to replace us or have somebody else get onboarded and do all that learning and carry 
that out, right? 
 
So that's we see that we have a lot of longstanding clients and the longevity is very high. Now, 
having said that as a conscious strategy, we are trying to get at least, some amount of annuity 
business through adding more of product sustenance services or doing these, some of the deals, 
which could be in a multi-year fashion. 
 
Especially in the digital transformation space, where we are now beginning to look at whether, 
we could take on, as we launched our security service offerings, for example, those are typical 
sustenance in nature, or we have launched some of our, ops offerings with CloudOps and 
MLOps and other things, which can have some sustenance in nature. We hope that attraction 
with some of those offerings will grow. 
 
And especially with all the clients that we are already working on AI, or we already working 
on data with them, adding a data Ops, ML Ops, AI Ops kind of offerings will give us certain 
portion of annuity business or annuity revenue with them. So, today the assumption is right 
that most of the business is discretionary, and project spend in nature. I don't have a clear 
percentage to say how much is annuity, but it is not very large, but we are consciously working 
towards adding offerings to our existing clients, which can develop an annuity on the side, so 
that we can increase that annuity percentage. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. So that's it for my time. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
So, the next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So, a few questions from my side. One, can you throw 
some light on this AWS partnership for IoT connectors? So, what kind of opportunity do we 
see there? And exactly this, if you can give some clarity on it, that'll be helpful. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So Vinay, AWS has as one of its, three strategic initiatives in the Telco space is trying to build 
a marketplace where telco operators can leverage AWS marketplace to provide value-added 
services for essentially everybody, like homeowners like us, where today people are using 
Alexa or Google or whatever else or Siri to control, let's say the lights or air conditioning or 
whatever in their house. And it is all distributed, different OEMs and different technologies 
and different connectivity mechanisms and all. By developing standard connectors that will 
allow a telecom company to build a connected ecosystem for homeowners, etc., they are going 
to create a new revenue stream for Telco operators, which will then translate to the revenue 
stream for AWS, and which will then translate into the money that anybody who is developing 
those connectors would be able to earn. 
 
We have been selected as one of the key strategic partners to develop those connectors. We 
will be developing a certain number of connectors over the course of the year, for which we 
will get paid both directly by, through our contract with AWS, but also by the Telco operators 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
who will end up essentially using those connectors to build those ecosystems and monetize 
them. 
 
So long answer in short, but it's a very strategic push by AWS for creating a different kind of 
a marketplace along with telco operators, and we are a core part of it. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. Thank you for that, Sir. And we've added about 50 employees this quarter. So, what 
could be the trend going ahead? Is this the quarterly trend that we can expect over the year, or 
could it be different? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, this is 50 net addition, despite the reduction in some of the revenues as you've seen. So, 
if you look at it that way, our gross addition has actually been quite healthy. In fact, one of the 
highest in preceding last seven or eight quarters. 
 
And we believe that in the coming few quarters, we will see good gross additions and very 
healthy net additions of headcount as well, given some of the large deal discussion that we've 
been having throughout the call. So, the numbers should be larger only, because hopefully the 
ramp downs have already been factored in, in which case the gross addition and net addition 
difference will not be that large anymore. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. Thank you for that. And so, in Q1, obviously the tariff-related issues were there and 
uncertainties. How has April and May been till now? Are we seeing, because we've seen a lot 
of trade deals which Trump is trying to sign with countries. So, are we seeing that uncertainty 
going away and stocks progressing in a decent manner for us? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
I do not know whether it's the impact of trade deals or anything else. The way I am seeing it is 
initially there was a shock as companies did not know what will happen next or how to react 
to it. And what that typically does is put brakes to everything. 
 
But once you realize that, okay, this is how it is happening, and this is what is the impact on 
us and this is how we are going to deal with it. Once all that happens, then you start releasing 
the brakes and start doing what is necessary for your business. So, I do not know the cause-
and-effect relationship, but what I'm seeing is that people are coming back to that point where 
they're saying, okay, fine, we understood. And now we need to do what's necessary for our 
business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. the next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just had a couple of questions. Firstly, I wanted to understand that 
despite the wage hike, our SG&A have reduced during the quarter. So, is there any voluntary 
reduction that we have done in our sales team? And accordingly, are we planning to change 
any structures over there? 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, in SG&A side, there have been a couple of reductions because we do take a half yearly 
view on salespeople performance, etc. So, some of that kind of comes in and has an impact, of 
course. 
 
So, but there is no structural change or anything as we continue to, we actually continue to hire 
more salespeople and add more feet on the ground. It's just a question of, maybe a reduction 
happened first, and addition is happening later. So, you will see it kind of level out. So, there 
isn't really anything much to read in there. 
Nand Sardana: 
And let me just add, in addition, the reason is that there is lesser AR provision compared to 
last quarter. Yes, true up of travel expenses and at the year end, we make year-end provision. 
So, some true up of that. So, this is just temporary. Otherwise, we are investing in sales and 
marketing as planned. 
Anmol Garg: 
I wanted to understand that when we talk about operationalizing the GCC, would that mean 
that the deal sizes here would be relatively of shorter durations, and it would include pass 
through hardware and software components in it? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
No, not really, because it is not necessary that operationalizing GCC or scaling up GCCs have 
to be shorter in duration, because our point of view has always been that to stabilize a GCC 
operation, operationalize it and mature it, it takes a certain amount of time. And that time is 
not like, short, it takes at least 36 months or more to kind of do that. 
And hence and that's a choice we're making, right? We're not looking at being that operator 
who just kind of sets up a team for someone and says, okay, here it is, run with it. For that, 
they don't need us, right? 
 
We are working with clients who really are interested in making sure that they get it right the 
first time. They set it up right, that the GCC scales, the operations mature, that they're able to 
deliver with great amount of maturity to back to their parent entity. And we have that option 
not to do that deals where they're shorter in duration. So, we basically laid that point of view 
very clearly, right, that it is not short duration. 
 
And neither are we doing these deals with a lot of software or hardware pass through, because 
please remember, these are not infrastructure deals. These are not back-office deals. We are 
talking about engineering. We're talking about product development. We're talking about 
platform development. We're talking about new AI models and those kinds of things. 
 
So, what they have is essentially what a normal development team looks like. These are high 
quality resources built in a certain manner so that they are delivering to a product roadmap or 
a platform roadmap. And what they require is the best computing infrastructure, typically on 
cloud, with a lot of AI and other tools supporting in terms of licenses, which are all part of the 
operational setup of such a team. So clearly, no, we are not looking at this as an either short 
term or a lot of hardware or other things pass through over there. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And so, one last question is that earlier we have talked about two tailwinds in our 
revenues. One is from the Blackstone channel, and the second is to penetrate the larger ISVs 
and do some digital engineering work in them. So just needed an update on both of them and 
how both of these are panning out? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, the Blackstone channel continues to be one of the channels through which we are driving 
new deal wins and growth. Like I've said in the past also, every quarter we see one or two 
additions from that channel to our client count and accordingly to the revenue. The good thing 
is that not just Blackstone, but we are also, over the course of last year or so, we have developed 
significant traction with other private equities as well, using similar playbooks and delivering 
similar kind of solutions to them. 
 
So, today we actually work with over 10 different private equities focused on the mid-market 
segment. And we are continuing to develop our book of business with private equities. On the 
larger ISVs or enterprise ISV front, we've seen some success. This is something which is still 
in the making, but we are working with a couple of very large ISVs, well-known names in the 
tech space. 
 
I don't think we have permissions from the client to name them right now, but we've seen a 
couple of wins, and we are building on the back of that to go after larger enterprise ISV type 
of space to be able to build that book of business. And we're confident that's only a question 
of, timing rather than anything else, because once you have a couple of case studies, a couple 
of wins, it's something that you can continue to leverage and multiply. 
Anmol Garg: 
And so, do you believe that some of these ISVs that we are working with would eventually 
become or will come in our top 5 or top 10 clients? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
They would, Yes, certainly. As we continue to build more book of business with them, they 
would. But I mean, right now we have just started working with them as of last couple of 
quarters as we started focusing on those larger ISVs. So, it would not be something that you 
would suddenly see over the course of next few quarters. 
 
But yes, I mean, the whole idea is these are larger ISVs, their total spend is much higher and 
hence our ability to expand the wallet share is much higher. So, the room for growth available 
is much higher. And that's why we would want to work with them. That's why we would want 
to focus on them and expand those relationships and then eventually get them into our top 5, 
top 10 customers. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandip. 
Sandip: 
Thank you very much for second opportunity. Any learning in terms of how to become slightly 
more defensive in terms of ramp downs, which may come in the product engineering services, 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
which we largely do with bulk of the client, because these kind of a business is more sensitive 
to macro related issue. 
So, any learning and any measures taken to protect ourselves to have slightly curtailment on 
the ramp downs, because the world is slightly more volatile and uncertain and things may keep 
coming at a regular interval. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Absolutely, you're being very polite when you say world is slightly more volatile. I think the 
volatility has been crazy over the last 18 months to 24 months. But Sandip, obviously, this is 
the job we do as management, leadership and the Board and talking in the Board meetings, 
etc., constantly looking at what is it that we do towards building our resilience and robustness. 
 
How can we get more, foresight or looking around the corner’s kind of a thing. And ultimately, 
it boils down to getting closer to the customers, being more constantly in connect to know 
what's happening with them or in their particular enterprise, because a lot of times this is not 
an industry related phenomenon. 
 
Some of them are industry related and you know them because of trends. But then a particular 
organization, what they're going through, what their situation is, whether it's related to their 
funding, whether it's related to the borrowing, whether it's related to the product, how it is 
doing in the market. And all of that basically requires just staying closer to the customer, which 
is the most effective, direct information. 
 
And that's where, we've continued to build our team, the farming engine, the whole account 
management layer, and also encouraging our delivery folks, our delivery leadership to have 
more regular connect with a lot of our delivery leaders actually traveling more frequently to 
visit our clients and meet with them. 
 
So, the frequency at which we have been talking to our clients, connecting with their senior 
leadership and in cases where they are, private equity portfolio companies, we are even 
connecting to their private equity partners, right, reaching out at a regular interval to get a 360 
degree view of that has been the most kind of effective and the strategy that we've been 
following. 
And I think, that's the best that we can do to get any kind of foresight or advance warning when 
things are not right. 
Sandip: 
Okay. And just the last follow up, do you believe we have to also focus and create a dedicated 
team, in terms of more pursuing deals tilted towards support and maintenance, which are more 
sticky, predictable year-after-year, Any investment on those side of the deal as well? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So that investment, the short answer is yes. And what we are doing is, we have increased our 
capability in the space, because first and foremost was about having the offerings in that space. 
So, we've increased the capability in the space. Some of the delivery leaders that we brought 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
on board come from that background and have managed to build some of those kinds of 
offerings and which we are now actively taking to the market. 
 
Our target space is existing clients because we want to build that stickiness with existing 
clients. So, what is happening is with our top customers, we are proactively approaching them. 
It's also an excuse to obviously stay in touch with them, which I was talking about earlier, and 
introducing those offerings to them and being able to figure out the value propositions with 
which we can work with them. 
 
We've seen a few successes. Some of the customers have agreed and accepted that they would 
like us to actually not just do product build, but also take over the sustenance of their products 
or product portfolios. And we are beginning to kind of, step into that work and transition that 
work over. So, it is a developing space. 
And you're absolutely right. So, we've got a dedicated small team in India which is working 
on it, building those propositions and pushing to our existing clients. 
Sandip: 
Okay, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for today's conference call. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Nitesh for closing comments. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you so much for conducting the call and thank you so much for everybody asking the 
questions. Like I always say, your questions are very insightful and help us, also assess how 
we are performing, plus also focus on the right areas based on the questions that you ask. So 
that's been very helpful. 
 
Thank you for joining as always and encouraging us. And we hope to continue to work together 
with you. Anybody who's looking for any detailed financial information, etc., like we've 
always said, Nand Ji is more than happy to help. Please reach out. 
 
And yeah, I look forward to, interacting with you during the course of the quarter as well as, 
with our next quarterly financial release with the next quarter. Thank you so much. All the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of R Systems, that conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
