June 4, 2025 
SEL/SEC/2025-2026/14 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Ref: 532509 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Ref: SUPRAJIT 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Investors Q4 FY 25 Earning Call Transcript. 
Transcript of the Investors Earning call held on Thursday, May 29, 2025 is 
enclosed herewith. 
Same is also available on the website of the Company at www.suprajit.com. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record in compliance of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015. 
This is for your information & record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Suprajit Engineering Limited 
Medappa Gowda J 
CFO & Company Secretary 
Encl : as above 
Medappa 
Gowda J
Digitally signed by 
Medappa Gowda J 
Date: 2025.06.04 
14:08:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Suprajit Engineering Limited  
Q4 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJITH KUMAR RAI – FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN – 
SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. N.S. MOHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SUPRAJIT 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. AKHILESH RAI – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
STRATEGY OFFICER – SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
MR. MEDAPPA GOWDA J – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND COMPANY SECRETARY – SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MUMUKSH MANDLESHA – ANAND RATHI SHARES 
AND STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Suprajit Engineering Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mumuksh Mandlesha. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yes. Thanks, Anushka. On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers, I welcome you all 
to the Suprajit Engineering Q4 FY '25 Conference Call. I thank the management for taking time 
out for this call. From the management side, we have Mr. Ajith Kumar Rai, the Founder and 
Chairman; Mr. N.S. Mohan, MD and Group CEO; Mr. Akhilesh Rai, Director and Chief Strategy 
Officer; and Mr. Medappa Gowda J, CFO and Company Secretary. 
 
I request Ajith sir and team to give an introduction review about the results, and then we can 
follow up with the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Thank you, Mumuksh. Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Anand Rathi, for hosting us on 
this call. I think I will give you a very quick brief, which will be followed then by neither from 
Mohan and Akhilesh as usual. I'll also give you probably at the end a quick brief. 
 
As you all know, auto industry in India has grown by about 8%, 9% globally, probably it is just 
0. Against this background, Suprajit's performance has been pretty satisfactory. We had a strong 
export growth from India, nearly 35%, I think. And only change this time is that, the press 
release, you might notice that we have made certain changes based on certain feedback, made it 
more visual. And these results are, of course, mostly is operational, whereas the regular one has 
been already uploaded to both BSE and NSE exchanges as per the requirement of SEBI. 
 
So, with this quick background, I will give it to Medappa to go through some of the basically 
brief top line numbers and the dividend part of it. Medappa? 
Medappa Gowda J.: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. The consolidated revenue excluding SCS for the year 31st March 2025 was 
INR3,106 crores against INR2,896 crores for the corresponding previous year, recording a 
growth of 7%. The consolidated operational EBITDA for the year March 2025 was INR401 
crores as against INR326 crores for the corresponding previous year, recording a growth of 23%. 
 
The stand-alone revenue for the year ended 31st March 2025 was INR1,718 crores as against 
INR1,537 crores for the corresponding previous year, recording a growth of 12%. The stand-
alone operational EBITDA for the year ended 31st March 2025 was INR298 crores against 
INR276 crores for the corresponding previous year, recording a growth of 8%. 
 
The Board has recommended a final dividend of 175% for the financial year '24-'25 in addition 
to an interim dividend of 125%, aggregate into 300% for the financial year FY '24-'25 as against 
250% for the previous year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
The total debt level was INR657 crores as on 31st March 2025. The surplus cash balance was 
INR251 crores as on 31st March 2025, invested in mutual funds and bonds. For further queries, 
if any, we may connect again directly also. Thank you, sir. Over to you, sir. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Mohan? 
N.S. Mohan: 
Yes. Thank you very much. Good morning. And as usual, I'll give you some updates on all our 
operating divisions. So let me start with the Suprajit Controls Division. That means our global 
operations. The revenues were pretty stable, I would say. And we saw a very good improvement 
in FY '25 EBITDA. 
 
I would very specifically, if you look at the Y-o-Y margins went up by 65% to around 9.7%. Q4 
EBITDA again jumped up by 52%. I think it's a very good momentum. We have had very strong 
wins in LoneStar and also at Suprajit Automotive Private Limited. Very specifically calling out, 
I would say, at LoneStar, we added a major Chinese passenger car vehicle, EV OEM. 
 
Our global footprint, which means India, U.S., EU, Morocco, Mexico, I think this is the story is 
coming together to our customers and brings in, I would say, strategic strengths and brings home 
these wins. Two strong consistent quarters at SCD, or Controls Division has been pretty 
encouraging. And now our focus remains on streamlining at Morocco in Germany and bring in 
some synergies there and also work on the tariff issues with the customers in U.S. 
 
Moving over to the Domestic Cable Division. The revenue went up by 13%, but you would have 
seen some margin compressions that have happened. That's primarily not due to the operational 
reason, but basically because of the staffing increases at the corporate and also at our technology 
center. 
 
As we are becoming a larger organization with enough multinational footprint, we need to set a 
strong corporate function so that we ensure governance in this expanded business. And to have 
this good governance, checks, controls, we are increasing our strength in finance, accounts, 
control, IT, legal and all these areas and also the centralized purchasing for key commodities. 
Further to this, investment into building an in-house technology through STC has been a stated 
objective. 
 
Therefore, we are going down that path and that is costing us some money. Aftermarket for both 
cable and beyond cables has been pretty strong, and it has grown strongly. The combi brake 
system, or CBS, has been launched for 4 OEMs out of which 1 is ICE and 3 for EVs. And we 
continue to focus on diversification beyond cables, and that's getting traction in the marketplace. 
 
Moving over to Phoenix Lamps Division. While we recorded a flat revenue, but the EBITDA 
very smartly moved up to 22.7%, primarily driven by both mix and also the efficiencies. 
However, Q4 EBITDA declined to a certain extent, primarily because of some customer write-
offs. Very important is the Trifa brand growth has been strong despite the weak EU market. And 
very importantly, I would say, the first LED drop-in solution for an ICE OEM has been launched. 
 
Moving to the last of the divisions, which is Electronics Division. Our revenue went up by 
around 27%. But having said that, in Q4, it was weaker than expected, primarily because one of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 4 of 19 
 
the large customers' sales drops, and we all know who that customer is. We ended up with a 
lower-than-planned utilization of the plant. And there was also certain provisioning that we did, 
which were drags to the EBITDA. 
 
Having said that, our throttle sensors, actuators have started gaining good acceptance in the 
marketplace, and we have been winning businesses there. Very importantly, we replaced a global 
supplier at our own SCD, that means Controls Division, both at Matamoros and in Hungary. we 
had outsourced it when LDC happened. We decided to in-source that product. Therefore, this 
PCBA is now being supplied by SCD to Matamoros plant and our Hungary plant. We also, 
through this, are seeing good export potential with new contracts in U.S. 
 
So, with this, I would like to hand it over to Akhilesh. Akhilesh, over to you. 
Akhilesh Rai: 
Thank you, Mohan, and good morning, everyone. I will take over from Slide wise on our press 
release that was released yesterday. On STC, our Suprajit Tech Center, the new building is going 
as planned and should be ready in this financial year. Development support of STC has been 
excellent for as a back office to all our global entities and is gaining a lot of traction to improve 
the kind of bandwidth that we have to support our global projects. 
 
STC has also been introducing a lot of good new products, and that has been bringing a lot of 
great acceptance with our customers. We are also this quarter announced the technical tie-up 
with Blubrake, Italy, for an innovative ABS product. This ABS product, we are working very 
closely with them to fit it for the Indian market and progress is going well at the moment. 
 
Coming to SCS, I think the Morocco operations are on focus right now. We have a team 
operational excellence team that is on the ground in Morocco. We are very closely monitoring 
the turnaround. And I'm happy to say that the projects that we're working on have been 
progressing well and on time as expected. 
 
Morocco, we see the operations stabilizing. We have shifted almost 90% of the warehouse to 
Hungary, and we will be closing the German warehouse as well. we are close to the finish line, 
but of course, certain costs will continue for a few more months. Operational excellence team 
from India is now stationed at Morocco, and they are delivering these synergies. 
 
Canada and China are expected to close shortly. The delay is mainly because of certain seller 
issues, which we have overcome, and we're expecting to close in the next in the very short future. 
We will our plan is to consolidate both Canada, China and the Moroccan and German entities. 
This will be shown separately for this coming financial year. And Canada and China operations 
should add positively to the results of SEL. 
 
Now to the next very complicated topic, the topic of tariffs. We have tried as simply as possible 
to just explain the tariff situation for all of you over the past year. This is obviously further 
complicated by different types of HSN codes that we supply. 
 
So, it doesn't really give the full picture until you go into the details, which will be very 
complicated. Liberation Day, as Trump puts it, caused extreme turmoil and on duties, on supply 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 5 of 19 
 
chains, making everyone's life in the automotive industry very difficult, especially the global 
automotive industry that we are exposed to. 
 
However, India, Morocco, Hungary seem to be well positioned in negotiation. Morocco, in fact, 
was at the minimum 10% duty from the start. And India also seems to be doing progress and 
Hungary also seems to be expected to be at 10%. So, we expect almost all the countries to reset 
to 10%, whereas China will probably range to 30% and above. 
 
SCD's Mexico plants in Juarez and Matamoros are, for the most part, MCA compliant, which 
steals a lot of these steals them from all of the duties. The main issue was the motor issue, which 
is the CBP compliance issue that we had been fighting earlier. But as of this month, we are 
actually supplying a new motor from India, which should reduce a lot of those tariffs, and we've 
also got our customer to accept paying those duties. So, a significant part of Mexico's, let's say, 
duty concern is also being relieved. 
 
For non-MCA productions in Mexico, all of those price increases due to duties are passed on to 
the customer. And in Wescon, where there is quite a bit of imports from outside the U.S., about 
$3 million to $4 million in imports. These have also been whatever duty extra that they have are 
already passed through to the customers. 
 
So, in summary, most of the duties have been passed on or solutions have been found with our 
OEMs. Of course, timing effects are always unpredictable in terms of the kind of complexity 
we're dealing with in terms of number of part numbers, number of contracts that need to be 
edited. So, otherwise, I think we have passed on everything successfully, and we are pretty 
confident that our team has managed the duty situation well. 
 
In the midterm and the long-term, Suprajit is in excellent position. We acquired assets at the 
right time when things are moving offshore. But now with a lot of these Trump's and let's say, 
not just Trump, but also in Europe, a lot of moves towards pushing local and nearshore supplies, 
I think we are perfectly positioned with a footprint, both onshore and nearshore in U.S. and 
Europe. 
 
So that comes to my outlook and our outlook for the coming year. We expect that the group will 
have double-digit revenue growth. This is even excluded even SCS, we still expect to have 
double-digit EBITDA I mean, double-digit revenue growth, and we expect EBITDA margin to 
be 12% to 14%. We see a robust order book at SCD. 
 
We're getting traction in all the locations. So, it is not just SAL and Unit 9, which is exporting 
from India, but we're also seeing a lot of traction in Hungary, in Mexico, in China for our global 
footprint and supplying at a nearshore or onshore location. There will be some North American 
restructuring that we have planned, and we are also focusing on ensuring that all tariffs are 
passed through as soon as possible. 
 
When it comes to DCD, we've seen a good cable growth, and we expect that to continue, 
especially in the aftermarket. We are seeing a lot of good traction in our braking systems. A few 
of these have already been productionized, but a majority will be productionized this year. So, 
we see that DCD will also have a strong growth this year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
When it comes to PLD, I think we probably will expect revenue to be at similar levels, and we'll 
be focusing more on margin growth. We see a lot of good aftermarket strength and a key change 
factor here, which could impact us positively is a lot of traction with global customers, especially 
possible customers in the U.S., which could add positively. Coming to SCD, although the EV 
fluctuation has an impact, the new wins in ICE and also in export will ensure that we have a 
strong future growth ahead of us. 
 
Finally, coming to SCS, of course, integration will be the focus this year. We are also focusing 
a lot more on reducing the purchasing costs because now that operations are stabilized, we can 
focus on the supply chain and improving costs there. We see a lot of good opportunities. And 
along with the Canada and China acquisition, which is already supposed to be EBITDA positive, 
we think the SCS as a group will certainly reach EBITDA positive by Q4, and we will then 
consolidate completely in FY '27 under SCD. 
 
So, the remaining presentation that you have is just a matter of general updates and references 
for you to go through at your leisure. We won't be going through this in our review of the 
presentation, but you can certainly ask questions on it. Over to you, Chairman, for closing 
remarks. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes. Thank you all. All I would say in summary is that, despite the global turmoil, we had a 
stable performance. What's really heartening is the last 2 quarters of performance of Controls 
Division, where we showed double-digit EBITDA, and that is also likely to grow robustly in 
this year. The other divisions like DCD will grow with the usual strong margin along with 
Phoenix Lamps Division as well. I think the focus for the year, as Akhilesh said, is the SCS 
integration. That would take this year for us to do it, but it's going broadly as per the plan. 
 
With the order wins that we have, despite all these tariff and global uncertainties, we expect to 
have another robust solid year with a good double-digit growth and hopefully a better margin 
than what we had for the last year. 
 
So, with that, I will pass it back to the moderator to gather the questions, and we are happy to 
answer your questions. Thank you very much. Back to you, moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Amit Hiranandani from 
PhillipCapital. Please proceed.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, on SCS business, so broadly, 70% revenue comes from Europe, which is a slow-moving 
economy, but from China, Canada and Morocco. And FY '24 revenue was approximately 
INR450 crores with negative EBITDA margin. And then FY '25 was 9% and was without China 
and Canada business, I'm expecting this. So, sir... 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
You're breaking, Amit. Sorry, you're breaking. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, so my question is considering the poor export situation, where do you see the top line moving 
for SCS in the next 3 years? And how soon and confident the team is in taking EBITDA positive? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Okay. You are talking about SCS. Okay. SCS, I think the important point here, Amit, is that, 
although European market is not growing, we still continue to have a decent year for the 
European part of the business, whereas the China, Canada basically supplies to North America. 
Let us face it. I think both whether it is U.S. or Europe, general market scenario is tough. 
 
As we have very clearly said in our press releases, as well as during this call, our order wins are 
strong. So, from the SCS point of view, the year will be a year of stabilization and consolidation 
and assimilation of the acquisition. 
 
So yes, another 1 or 2 quarters, there would be some losses, particularly at the European level. 
But as we've clearly said, by Q4, we should be turning EBITDA positive. I think that is the target 
for SCS for the current year. The business of that SCS to be generally give an idea, will be 
around USD 40 million for the full year. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Can you repeat the USD40 million what exactly is, sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Sorry? 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Okay. Can you just repeat this USD40 million? I mean... 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes, the USD40 million is what I'm saying is the full year expected revenue out of the SCS 
business, yes. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
This is for FY '26, you're targeting? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
That is for the current year, yes. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes. So, my question was broadly on the 3 years prospect... 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Three years prospect. Okay. Okay. Three-year prospect, I think what eventually when SCS will 
eventually be merged with the Controls Division in terms of report ability. What you must 
understand is what are we offering to the world. What are we offering world is not necessarily 
SCS. We are offering the world the Controls Division where we have now option to manufacture 
in Hungary for Europe. 
 
If somebody wants onshore, we'll be able to manufacture for them in Morocco if they want it 
within 1 or 2 days of delivery or we come to the low-cost destination like India or China. I think 
that is a story from Controls Division. It will not be just the SCS story. 
 
Having said that, we have already won some additional business in SCS. SCS was blacklisted 
before we acquired for even give a quote. In the last 6 months, we have quoted from Morocco, 
and we have even won new contracts for Morocco. So, I think the whole color is changing once 
it is under Suprajit's management. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right, right, right. And sir, secondly, I wanted to understand what was the one-off expenses and 
restructuring charges booked for Q4 and FY '25? Also, please help us understand more about 
this customer write-offs and the quantum of the same, please? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
The customer write-offs have been happening, but this year has been a little more than normal. 
For example, at Phoenix Lamps, one of our European customers went insolvent. So, we had to 
write that amount off. And we also had to write-off certain amounts at Electronics Division. 
Some of the EV guys had some troubles. So, some of those things had to be written off. 
 
In terms of oneoffs, we've not been giving it differently or specifically. So, I won't be able to do 
specifically. I will tell you the areas we have done. Oneoff is, for example, SCS transaction, all 
the costs related to SCS transaction, legal, diligence costs, travel costs, doing all those work for 
the last 1 year. I think that is one of the oneoffs. We've also been doing some restructuring or 
rather people reduction in Matamoros, for example, which is one off. 
 
Also in Europe, you must understand, we have now moved our warehouse from Germany to 
Hungary. Germany, there is some people who are on the role doing this warehousing work. Now 
it has moved to Hungary. Hungary has been scaled up, but Germany will be scaled down in the 
next 2, 3, 4 months. So, there's like an overlap of cost. 
 
That's also oneoff. I'm talking about generally what are all the areas that we are talking about. 
So that is the overall thing. But the oneoffs which are in a total amount, if you look at all of that, 
maybe around INR25 crores, INR30 crores would be there for the last year. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
And the intensity will come down in FY '26? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes, it will come down. Come down, means okay, let me also say this. The SCS part of the 
oneoffs will be there because what we are doing is that we are further doing a restructuring in 
Germany to further reduce the number of people because they're all high cost. It has been 
announced recently. So, there will be oneoff on that count. 
 
And I think once the relocation is complete in the next 2, 3 months, which is what is expected 
to go fully operational from our Hungary, I think in that part of that, there will be no other 
oneoffs. The SCS and Canada, China interaction, I mean, acquisition, which is not closed yet, 
but I'm hoping that it will happen in the next few days or a couple of weeks. 
 
I think there could be once we get in, we will know whether there is any oneoffs that we will 
come in the first quarter. I think beyond that, I don't see anything really major unless we 
announce something major. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. Sir, lastly, sir, on the capex and tax rate outlook, if you can give for next fiscal, that's it. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Capex and what? 
Amit Hiranandani: 
The tax rate outlook. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Sorry, I didn't get the last part. You are breaking again. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
The effective tax rate for next fiscal year. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Tax rate, okay, I'll ask. In terms of the capex, I think we missed mentioning it in our press release 
also, I think. The capex for the entire group is about INR160 crores. What I would also like to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 9 of 19 
 
do, I think last year, we talked about INR180 crores or INR170 crores, of which we actually 
didn't spend at all because we were very tight fisted considering the global uncertainty. 
 
I think we spent only about INR80 crores or INR90 crores. So, this year, I think with all these 
new things planned, including STC, et cetera, I think the total capex budget for the current year 
is INR160 crores. On tax rate, Medappa, will you comment? 
Medappa Gowda J.: 
Yes, it's generally 25%, 26% in the group. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Managers. 
Resham Jain: 
First of all, sir, very good presentation and clarity given so much of uncertainty around. So, 
thanks for that. Sir, I have 2 questions. One is with respect to the braking business, which seems 
to be now scaling up. So, I just wanted to understand that, are we supplying for newer models? 
Or are we supplying for the existing products replacing some of the other peers? How should 
one look at this business? And how are you seeing the scale-up of this business? Is there any 
inflection point? What could be those inflection points to scale this business to the next level? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I will ask Akhilesh to answer the braking division's plans and things for this. Akhilesh? 
Akhilesh Rai: 
Yes, sure. So, I think the braking division in terms of we see a very good trend. We were always 
a braking cable supplier, and we were definitely the leader in India for braking cables by far. 
This then just has become the next step of providing the levers and the CBS mechanisms. And 
for many years, we were only a cable supplier, but because of our deep understanding of braking, 
which has come from a lot of R&D that we have done, a lot of customers have trusted us to take 
their complete braking system from lever to cable to the mechanism as well. 
 
And this is not just ICE OEMs not just EV OEMs, but also ICE OEMs. So, 2 of the largest ICE 
OEMs in India are now picking up these CBS mechanisms, and it will be in production this year. 
And that's obviously showing a very good traction for these kinds of customers to give us such 
safety critical product. So, this is being productionized across all our plants. And of course, it 
also works on EV. 
 
So, coming to your question, we are very much working on the newest platforms. So, these 
customers are selecting us to take up these mechanisms in the newer platforms, not as a second 
source or a replacement on old platforms. So, I hope that answers your question. 
 
But from in terms of what is the inflection point, I think this is a long story. Just like our 
electronics Division, it was actually a long story that started maybe in 2015, and then we got 
enough traction to actually spin it off as a division. Here also, it is going to be a bit of a long 
story. 
 
We are starting off with CBS, but we're also focused on different other types of braking systems, 
more complex braking systems, innovative braking systems, ABS. So that entire portfolio will 
each have a different kind of growth trajectory and different inflection point. But I think on at 
least on CBS and on these newer businesses, we have definitely reached a good inflection point 
this year, and we will have a good business coming this year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
And to add, I think, Resham, what is the vision for the division is to be a one-stop shop for all 
braking solutions, particularly for of course, for the 2-wheelers to start with. Today, different 
pieces of the entire braking system are done by different people. We want to be a one-stop place. 
Of course, that's a long-term strategy. 
 
The starting, as Akhilesh said, we have got into some of those pieces. The other pieces are in 
development, as we have also announced, the Blubrake agreement is also in that direction so 
that we will be a complete comprehensive solution. 
Resham Jain: 
Sir, just 1 related question. When we speak to some of the experts in the space, they say that 
some of the MNCs because it's a safety-critical product, the margins and the pricing seems to be 
extremely high. And with our indigenous kind of technology and production and all, from a 
pricing perspective, how competitive we are? And will that be a big kind of consideration for 
OEMs to shift to us? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Certainly, I think, Resham. I think without mentioning, you mentioned MNC to continue the 
same point, the current level of prices for these products are, I think, pretty high. And I think 
that also gives us a good window of opportunity to approach customers. But beyond that, I think 
the idea is to Suprajit is to have at least this idea is, let's say, we must have 4 or 5 verticals of as 
we grow our business under our philosophy of derisk and grow profitably. 
 
The braking division becomes a very important division. So, we expect it to be of course, it has 
to have some scale to be quite interestingly profitable actually. That's the reason why we are 
entering the field as well. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood, sir. Sir, the second question is with respect to the overall new business wins. So, 
over the last 3 years, 4 years, we did comment about multiple wins with newer customers, 
especially on the global side. And then we look at the overall growth, it seems that there might 
be certain roll-offs also of the old orders. 
 
And hence, possibly the growth may not be as expected. Obviously, the market itself is quite 
weak, which we understand. But are the roll-offs of the previous contracts also happening at a 
relatively higher pace? How should we understand the overall order wins versus the growth? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Very valid point. I think what is happening in the industry is that first is the launches are getting 
delayed. Yes, from last 2 years, we have been talking about good robust order wins, which have 
gone into production for sure. Some of them have, some of them have been postponed. 
 
And those who have also launched, the original volume on which we based some of our 
comments has come off a lot significantly. And also, some of the existing the way it works, 
automotive component industry works is that a contract is won for 5 or 7 years. And there are 
also some of the contracts are coming off the production line. 
 
So, when you say net to net, if you look at our Suprajit Automotive and Suprajit Europe business, 
it has grown by a significant number, much more than what the Controls Division has grown. 
That means to say that the overall business has grown in some areas, because of these pockets 
of very weak markets, there has been certain degrowth as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
So, you have to look from the overall point of view. But having said this, I think while the global 
business is expected to grow at 0% in the current year, our Controls Division is expecting to 
grow in double-digit this year. 
Akhilesh Rai: 
Yes. I would just add also, even in our disclosure, we explained that exports grew almost 30%. 
This is on the back of, obviously, a lot of those contracts going into production. And the second 
point here is global contracts, especially the ones we've announced, take some time to actually 
go into production. And all of them are expected to go into production this year. So, a significant 
part of that will also hit this year. So, it is maybe also a bit of timing effect, but I think 30% to 
40% growth in the exports is also extremely commendable in this kind of environment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Sehgal from SiMPL. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Yes. My first question was I just wanted more clarity on SCS. So, we incurred around INR49 
crores in operational loss in the 9 months of operation for just our Phase 1. So, could you provide 
some breakup of how much of this is more due to restructuring and oneoffs and us having 
incurred expenses related to running operations at the multiple locations that we are? And also, 
with the merger of Phase 2, which is expected to close, as you said, in the following months, 
should we expect further escalation in losses or write-offs in Q1? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Okay. I don't see a further escalation in write-offs. In fact, our losses, in fact, we expect starting 
from this quarter or certainly from Q2, you would easily that's why we have said we are also 
being very open in all these matters, we have said we'll separately disclose so that everybody is 
aware what is happening in SCS. 
 
We expect these numbers actually to start improving, if not from Q1, actually from Q2 in terms 
of percentages of EBITDA and turn EBITDA positive on the complete as a full SCS package by 
last quarter of this year. I think that is our stated plan for the year. The work has been done 
significantly. 
 
Now, we don't want to give different, different pieces of that why the losses are. The losses are 
obviously because of, one, we had bad pricing to start with, that has been corrected quite a bit. 
And there has been bad buying purchasing happening that has been corrected to a large extent.  
 
Loss of quality-related oneoff costs like customer segregation, customer rejecting the products. 
All those things have been happening as we took over the business. All those have been started 
plugging as I think Mohan or Akhilesh mentioned, we have our excellence team sitting here 
because we know how these businesses are run. 
 
We are plugging each one of those holes. So, we are seeing a continuous improvement. In fact, 
we expect Q1 would be better than the past. And Q2 onwards, we will see a clear improvement 
in the whole number. So, there are multiple reasons for these losses. 
 
And then there's also for example, we have so much of backlog. We have to literally be air lifting 
everyday material for customers so that we don't stop the airlines. All that have slowly have now 
come to a stop. So, there are multiple points. I don't think we'll be able to break up of that. But 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 12 of 19 
 
as the operations improve, which has been what has been happening now, we will see the 
positive change as we go forward from Q1 onwards. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay. Got it. My next question was on SCD. So, like this year, for the full year, we did around 
INR1,400 crores in annual sales. And roughly, I think 30% accrues from the India operations, 
where we earn margins around 18% to 20%. So, if we like if my understanding is correct, if we 
adjust this for the rest of the global operations, we currently earn around high single-digit 
margins. And this is also despite the weak... 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
High what? Sorry. High what? 
Shubham Sehgal: 
In the so apart from the India operations in SCD, we might be earning around high single-digit 
margins. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes, broadly. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Yes, yes. And that is also despite the weak auto market that we are facing and also the other 
restructuring that we have been doing and also the U.S. duty hit. So, if we adjust for all of this 
and assuming normal environment, then on a blended basis, can we expect SCD margins to 
normalize around 14% to 15% levels? And if not, then what limitations do you see in achieving 
this? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
No, I think you seem to have analyzed the numbers pretty well. You are right in the first part of 
the statement, and I have also made this clear that the global auto component business is 
anywhere between 6% to 10% of that. The Controls Division is already now in the last 2 quarters 
have hit 10%. Now will it go to 14%? 
 
That is your basic question, which is fair. I think it is the kind of targets we have. But whether 
we'll achieve in 1 year is a different point. But we have clearly said there would be a further 
improvement in Controls Division margin for the year. I think you will start seeing that from Q1 
onwards since we don't give specific outlook for each in terms of margins, but you will certainly 
see those changes happening from Q1, Q2 onwards. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
And but so going forward in this year, do we see any challenges which might limit this? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Challenge is, of course, when somebody can tweet a change of tariff, we don't know what's 
happening. So that's the major most major uncertainty in this. While we will take it takes some 
time to pass on these things. I'm not saying that we'll not be able to pass on. But there is an 
intervening period where it which gets absorbed. 
 
There are pipeline stocks, whether it's the old tariff, new tariff, there's so much of argument with 
customers. So, this is where the challenges lie. But if there is a stability of it, whatever that tariff 
is, we are fine with it. We'll deal with it. But when there is an uncertainty, there is a problem. 
 
So, is there going to be major thing? Our assessment is that the global automotive business will 
not grow. Of course, ex India, I mean, India will grow, I guess. But since we have 50% of our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 13 of 19 
 
business is dependent on it, we are still saying that we will grow our business in double-digit. I 
think that's all the best statement we can make at this moment. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
So, as you mentioned about the tariffs, so what is the kind of communication that we are hearing 
from our major customers? And like are we sure that we would be able to pass on all of the 
tariffs? And do we expect any like this affecting our market position? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Market position, certainly not. But since you've been asking on tariffs, I'll ask Mohan also to 
give another angle, if any, for the tariffs and what he thinks of how it will affect the Controls 
Division. Mohan? 
N.S. Mohan: 
Yes. When we are talking about tariffs, basically, there are 2 issues that we need to talk about. 
One is our legacy issue when we got the company as LDC from Kongsberg, there were certain 
legacy issues on tariffs, which we have been trying to resolve. And that is where we have taken 
against the Customs Department of U.S. Customs Department, and it's gone legal. So, like any 
other legal cases, be it in India or U.S., it is going to take time. But we stand a very good chance 
because there is a precedence there. 
 
Having said that, I come to the next portion that is the tariff that has been slapped recently, 
additional tariffs. In fact, this came handy for us because that escalated the issue and to a boiling 
point. And with that, we have been able to get a very clear resolution with one of the major Tier 
1s. And that Tier 1 has committed, yes, they are going to bear the burden. 
 
And this has also back-to-back, I would say, probably an agreement with the OEM also because 
we also had highlighted it to the OEM. So, to that extent, there is a certain amount of burden 
that we are taking, which is a very miniscule amount, but the rest, it has been agreed to be passed 
on to the customer. Therefore, that is the second part. 
 
The third part is the issue here is there are some parts coming from China. Therefore, it is best 
thing is to move away from the Chinese source and to move it into India and supply it out of 
India, therefore, avoid the entire situation itself. And that we had been working even otherwise, 
and that is fructifying in this quarter. Therefore, I would say, we had a multipronged approach. 
 
One is fight with the government, customs and take them legal, try to recover and clawback. 
Number two, work with the customers and try to pass on these tariffs to the customer; and 
number three, resolve the issue by changing the source itself. So, I would say on all the 3 things 
that we started working, it has started yielding results. So, I'm pretty much confident from that 
angle. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
In addition, I would like to add to what Mohan has said. Some of our customers are already in 
conversation with us to see how whether we can help them to mitigate the risk of these tariffs. 
Morocco and India stands out because I think we are much better off than, let's say, China, for 
example. So, we are offering them options that if ultimately, it has not come to the stage.  
 
Ultimately, if there's going to be significant tax in China or some other places. So, we are 
standing by them saying that, look, this is our footprint. Of course, it will take some time to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 14 of 19 
 
resource completely. But we will be with you to do that if needed. And that is what has been 
well appreciated by customers also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Shares and 
Stockbrokers Limited. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Mohan, sir, just continuing on the previous question with the now the customer has given the 
price hike and now you're also changing the source to India. Is it possible to share any what kind 
of a margin impact we can see going ahead on the shift happening? 
N.S. Mohan: 
Well, specifically in terms of margin impact, we should be able to give it to you off-line, 
separately you can talk to Medappa. He will give that. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sure, sir. And just to clarify, you mentioned about the double-digit growth, excluding the SCS 
business for this year. And for DCD, it's a positive single-digit growth. And for Lamps, it will 
be some growth. I just want to understand, so for the SCD, we expect almost like a mid-teens 
kind of growth, right, sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
No, I think, again, we have not given a division-wise number, but we expect both the Domestic 
Cable Division and Suprajit Controls Division to grow in double digits for the year. This Phoenix 
Lamps would be although the aim is to get back to double-digit, knowing the business, I think it 
will be somewhere in single digits. And Electronics Division, of course, will have a double-digit 
growth, but it's a small base still for making a big impact on the top line. So, with all this, we 
expect the overall on a consolidated without SCS to do in double digits, and that's how that 
number comes. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. And the main few areas would be the Suprajit Automotive, the India export’s part doing 
well and the LoneStar, right, sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes, those 2 are doing well. I think Suprajit Automotive from India will supply to both Europe, 
of course, and the U.S. through some of our own group companies. So that would be growing 
strongly. LoneStar has won significant new contract. So, they will start putting it into this year, 
but how automotive works is that, if I get an order today, it actually go into production in 2 years 
down the line. So, some of the LoneStar will come this year, but I think most of it will come to 
the next year. So that's how it is. 
 
And of course, we have started now getting some contracts even at I just mentioned earlier, at 
places like Morocco, which was actually blacklisted even to quote European market because of 
the insolvency. All those positions have been changed with the good work of our marketing and 
business development. So, we are starting to quote again. So that also will add to the momentum. 
And that's the basis. We are also winning some, I wouldn't say very, very significant, but some 
businesses both at Matamoros, I mean, Mexican plants, as well as in Hungary. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Just one on the SCS, the China part, I just want to understand, we do also do a lot of 
exports to U.S. from China, the second part of the SCS. Just want to check, there also has the 
duty impact been passed on? And how is that revenue impacted there, if any? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes. That's a good question because there is a more interesting understanding SCS had with the 
customers. The customers were picking up from Canada, not the SCS was not delivering to U.S. 
So, the question of tariff does not sit with the SCS, it sits with the customer. So, they have been 
actually avoided that big stick being wielded in terms of tariffs. 
 
So, they are better off with that. So, the same understanding when we are when the orders get 
switched to us, it will be in a similar situation. But China content, there would be some duties. 
So that is what is being worked out. But I think currently, we are very clearly getting the new 
contracts with the understanding that if there are any in-between tariffs that come into picture, 
that will be to the customer's account. But most of the time, customer picks up, so tariff is on 
their account at this moment at SCS. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. And sir, this I think, sir, in Q1, there should be the tariff transition impact till we work 
out the contracts. And then Q2 onwards, we should be back to the normal margin, right, sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
So, in Q1, because of timing of the contract for the pass-through of the duty. So, in Q1, we 
should have some impact, then Q2 onwards, we should be back to normal margins. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes. I would say that Q2 onwards, we will probably have a more normalized in terms of the 
tariff-related issues. So but then it is not still finished. We don't know when this will erupt again. 
So, if the current scenario goes and everybody comes into some kind of a tariff agreement with 
the U.S. and the final agreement final tariffs are notified, then I think we'll know the correct 
picture. But till then, it's still an uncertain market, but our assessment is what you said, yes, 
correct. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. Sir, in the Q4 quarter, the SCD saw Q-on-Q margin drop despite the Q4 seasonally been 
strong quarter. Just want to understand what could have led to a drop in that margin? Is there 
any U.S. impact that... 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Electronics Division you're talking? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
No, the SCD, the overseas cable, where Q-on-Q had a good growth, while the margins came 
down about 100 bps. Just want to understand what led to the drop, sir? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I think they're all we have been talking about oneoffs here and there. I think that's probably 
because of that. But generally, we have just got into that double-digit margin and that whether 
it's 11% or 10% for the time being, we are just with the process of a lot of things happening 
within that group in terms of restructuring. So, I think safe to say that we are crossed that magical 
number now. So hopefully, we'll continue to grow from there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Senthil Manikandan from ithoughtPMS.  
Senthil Manikandan: 
A couple of questions on the SCD side. Sir, first, congrats that we have won an order from the 
Chinese EV OEM. Sir, since we have seen that Chinese EV OEMs are globally expanding. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 16 of 19 
 
how do you see this opportunity, not only for LoneStar, but across our European operations also? 
So that's my first question. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
I have mentioned this, but anyway, Mohan, will you take that question? 
N.S. Mohan: 
Yes, sure. See, this is a very marquee customer who has really grown very big in the recent past 
and giving run for money in terms of the models and the technology that they have got. So, it 
was very important for us to break into from our Chinese company into a Chinese company. So 
LoneStar that way did a great job in breaking through and getting this. 
 
This is going to have a rub-off effect because the same company, OEM has got is opening up a 
plant in Europe also. Therefore, what happens is, if we are getting into platforms, you can just 
go and say that, well, I'm a part of the same company, and we can start getting those orders there. 
Therefore, it opens up many, I would say, opportunities for us in Europe. So that's what we are 
doing. We have already approached the same customer in Europe, and we hope that we should 
be able to get some good orders out there, too. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Okay. And on the brakes side, sir, in terms of technology and R&D spending and also on the 
capex side, how are we planning from the capital allocation point of view? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
For what? Which division? 
Senthil Manikandan: 
For the brakes. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Brakes division, is it? Okay. Mohan, again, will you take that question? I think Akhilesh give 
you an explanation, you can give an angle of our capex and whatever plans. 
N.S. Mohan: 
Yes. See, what we are doing is, we there are 2 ways of doing it. We are into a product where the 
market doesn't know us there. Therefore, the only way that we can do is to prove ourselves by 
putting some investment, putting some line, but do it in a conservative way. So that's exactly 
what we are doing. And incidentally, some of these products are also, I would say, the first of 
its kind. 
 
Therefore, we had to go in with the POC, that means proof-of-concept level, then go with a 
working model, then go with the prototype. Therefore, from an R&D perspective, there has been 
some amount of investments going on. And we are so committed to it that we are also going 
ahead with certain capex like a dynamometer, which is a very expensive equipment. But that is 
needed to prove the product and in a compatible way with the OEMs. 
 
Having said that, I now come over to the scaling up portion or the manufacturing and production 
portion. There, we have been pretty conservative. Therefore, we have been, I would say, putting 
up lines as and when we start getting specific orders to cater to those orders. Therefore, we are 
playing this game on 2 fronts. We have been pretty defensive when it comes to scaling up and 
putting up lines because that should be linked to specific customer orders. Whereas in terms of 
R&D investments, we are going full scale because we need to build a complete stack up in the 
entire environment of braking system for 2-wheelers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Sehgal from SiMPL. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
After this question, we'll take 1 more question, madam, and then we'll stop because it's getting 
to be 12:00. But we'll take 1 more after Shubham. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Yes. My question was on our PLD division. So we talked about the LED drop in. But my 
question was, if we were to look over the next 5 years, what will drive growth for this business? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
For the PLD, okay. For the PLD, I think the Akhilesh, will you answer that question? We've got 
some plans also, yes. 
Akhilesh Rai: 
Yes. So if you look at the PLD division, there are mainly a highly automated plant with now 
focus on the aftermarket. Therefore, at the PLD, we're generally looking at 2 things. One is 
expanding the product portfolio for the aftermarket; there they are making certain small 
investments to develop new products and manufacture them in-house for the aftermarket where 
they have a very good brand. 
 
And two is, in terms of actuators, they are supporting our global division on specific actuator-
related products, which also will need high automated lines and automated expertise. And of 
course, as you know, 59A, which is 1 of the 3 plants is also an export-oriented plant, which 
means that we can get certain benefits from exporting and supporting our global plants. So, I 
would say, these 3 areas is where we're going to focus on growth for PLD. 
 
And finally, I think there is a lot of good scope to grow, especially in the U.S. for its traditional 
product. And we are seeing some breakthroughs there, and that's also something that we have 
some optimism on going forward. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Just to add to what Akhilesh has said, I think the focus is continuing to expand our aftermarket 
presence beyond India. I think in that spirit, the Trifa brand is gathering significant momentum 
because globally, the Osram is a great brand. Phoenix used to be a great brand, of course. Now 
it is owned by somebody else. But the point here is that, there is no other alternative. So the Trifa 
brand is slowly gathering strength. So the aftermarket attempts to go is gathering more and more 
strength as we go. So yes, that's in addition. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay. Got it. My next question was on our electronics Division. So a couple of quarters back, 
we had shared our order book across the EV majors and also our product profile. So given now 
the slowdown and changes in the leadership position in the EV, can you give more color on the 
growth profile, the mix which we have between PV OE versus local and which products you are 
seeing traction? And how does this change the overall order book position? And if there are any 
write-offs we expect? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Mohan, will you answer that question? 
N.S. Mohan: 
Sure. I think there are multiple questions there embedded. So let me take one at a time. So let 
me talk about first the write-offs. So whatever write-offs we had to take for certain EV 
customers, we have already taken. Therefore, there are no more of them coming and hitting our 
books. So I think I have answered that portion. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
Second portion is, with this slowdown, is it going to has it affected our business? The answer is 
definitely yes. Now where are we replacing it with? We are replacing it with other some of the 
other EV customers with whom we are gaining some orders. And also very importantly, with 
one of the ICE customers on their ICE platform also, we are launching that product for them. 
Therefore, this is going to kind of fill up the order book for us. 
 
And another last portion of this jigsaw puzzle is like what I said, being an internal supplier. That 
means to our own Matamoros and Hungary plant. That itself is to an extent of around INR25 
crores per annum. So that is another big number, which has come and helping out the capacity 
utilization at SCD. Have I answered all your questions? 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Yes. Could you just mention what like what kind of products are we seeing more traction? Like 
as you mentioned, even for the ICE customers, yes. 
N.S. Mohan: 
Yes, definitely. 2 major areas, if I can classify them. One is the driver information system or the 
instrument clusters as we call them, yes, the combi meters as the Japanese call them. That is one 
area that we are gaining, I would say, orders. 
 
Second area is the actuators and sensors, sensor and actuators. In sensors and actuators, there is 
what is called as a throttle position sensor. So that is a specific product that we are looking at. 
And another in the actuators, there are multiple actuators, which are going into a 2-wheeler like, 
let us say, for example, toolbox opening or the lid opening, these kind of or seat opening. These 
are some of the actuators that we are getting some orders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshan M. Bhandarkar from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Darshan Bhandarkar: 
Yes. So my first question is with respect to the tax expenses. For FY '25, we had a tax expense 
of INR98 crores. So what would be the key reason for such an increase in tax expense? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Medappa, will you answer for the reason for higher tax provisioning? 
Medappa Gowda J.: 
Yes, we redeemed the mutual fund and the tax on account of gain is incurred in the current tax. 
Darshan Bhandarkar: 
Okay. And just can you give us the breakup geographical revenue breakup in the form of India, 
Americas and Europe? 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
See, the way we are announcing basically our results are division-wise. Within the division, 
there are multi-geography. We are not going to that much of granular. It's difficult. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, which was the last question for the day. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Yes. First of all, thank you all for your continued interest. We had an interesting interaction with 
them with you all. We appreciate your interest in Suprajit. If there's any further requirements or 
interest, please contact Medappa for any of the updates. And we are happy to provide whatever 
we could in the public domain. So thank you once again and have a good day. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
May 29, 2025 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stockbrokers Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Ajith Kumar Rai: 
Thank you. 
