 
 
 
 
 
June 05, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Name of Scrip: LEMONTREE 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
  
 
Subject: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Ref:           Outcome of Conference Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to the disclosure made on May 30, 2025 w.r.t the 
audio recording of the Investor Conference Call on Audited financial results for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 held on Friday, May 30, 2025 at 2:00 PM IST, 
please 
find 
enclosed 
herewith 
the 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
with 
Investors/Analysts.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking you  
For Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
Pawan Kumar Kumawat 
Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer 
M. No: A25377 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
Pawan 
Kumar 
Kumawat
Digitally signed by 
Pawan Kumar 
Kumawat 
Date: 2025.06.05 
12:21:39 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
  
 
 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. 
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Anoop Poojari of CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Lemon Tree 
Hotels Q4 and FY25 earnings conference call. We have with us, Mr. Patanjali 
Keswani, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Kapil Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Sanjay Rai, Chief Revenue Officer, Mr. Mayank Sharma, CFO, Fleur 
Hotels, Mr. Prashant Malhotra, Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Niket Sood, Vice 
President, Commercial Strategy of the company. 
We would like to begin the call by opening remarks from the Management following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now request Mr. Keswani to make his opening remarks. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Thank you, Anoop. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on this 
call. I will be covering the business highlights and the financial performance for Q4 
and for the full year FY25, post which we will open the forum for your questions and 
suggestions. 
In Q4 this year Lemon Tree recorded its highest ever 4th Quarter revenue at Rs. 
379.4 crore. Our revenue grew 15% compared to Q4 last year while net EBITDA 
grew 17% YoY to 205 crore, translating into a net EBITDA margin of 54% which 
increased 109 bps YoY. Q4 FY25 recorded a Gross Average Room Rate of Rs. 
7,042 which increased by 7% YoY. The occupancy for the quarter stood at 77.6%, 
which increased 557 bps YoY. This is translated into a RevPAR of Rs. 5,462 which 
increased 15% YoY. The total revenue for the year stood at Rs. 1,288 crore which 
was an increase of 20% over FY24 and the EBITDA stood at Rs. 637 crore for the 
full year, which also increased by 20% over FY24.  
Fees from management and franchise contracts for third-party owned hotels stood 
at Rs. 16 crore in Q4, an increase of 11% YoY. Fees from Fleur Hotels stood at Rs. 
28.3 crore in Q4 FY25, an increase of 19% YoY. Total management fees for Lemon 
Tree stood at Rs. 44.4 crore in Q4, an increase of 16% over YoY and 149 crore for 
the full year, an increase of 22% over FY24.  

 
Page 2 of 14 
  
The company's profit after tax stood at Rs. 108.1 crore in Q4 FY25 an increase of 
29% YoY. Cash profit for the company stood at Rs. 143 crore in Q4 FY25, an 
increase of 22% YoY. Total cash profit generated by the company during FY25 was 
Rs. 382.4 crore, an increase of 30% over FY24. The debt to the company decreased 
by about Rs. 190 crore during the year from Rs. 1,889 crore in FY24 to Rs. 1,699 
crore this year. Debt to EBITDA ratio in FY25 for the company stood at 2.67x, which 
is a 25% reduction over 3.57x in FY24.  
On the asset light side in Q4 we signed 15 new management and franchise contracts 
adding 833 new rooms to our pipeline and operationalized 2 hotels adding 121 rooms 
to our operational portfolio.  
As of 31st March, this year, the total inventory for the group stands at 212 hotels and 
17,116 rooms divided into 10,269 rooms and 111 hotels being operational and the 
rest in pipeline.  
Going forward, we are confident in the Company's ability to meet the objectives set 
forth in our 5-year plan ending CY28.  
• 
As of the 31st March 2025, the current total inventory for Lemon Tree stands 
at 85% of the 5 year target. In fact, we are also confident that we will add at 
least 3,000 rooms to our pipeline this financial year, taking the total inventory 
this year above the 20,000 numbers, i.e., 3 years in advance of CY28  
• 
EBITDA margin for FY25 stood at 49.4% which is ~60 bps less than the 
stable EBITDA margin of 50% highlighted in the 5-year plan. Renovation 
expenses stood at 2.7% of revenue in FY25, an increase of 30 bps over 
FY24. This increased investment and renovation expenses will continue into 
this year and a much lesser amount in FY27, so that the entire portfolio of 
owned hotels has been fully renovated and refreshed. Post which renovation 
expenses will close at 1.2%-1.3% of revenue on an ongoing basis which will 
help stabilize EBITDA margin over 50% 
• 
We recently also relaunched our loyalty program, Infinity 2.0 along with 
technology upgrades to our website. With this we should start seeing an 
uptick in the retail demand share which stood at 45% in FY25 to achieve the 
target of 66% by CY28  
With this I will come to the end of my opening remarks and would ask the moderator 
to open the forum for any questions you may have.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will start with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sameet Sinha from Macquarie. 
Sameet Sinha: 
Thank you. First question about Aurika Mumbai. Can you talk about the 
developments there? Seems like the ARR, at least the retail ARR or retail pricing 
continues to stay below about Rs. 7,000 as you have seen in our spot check. So 
where do we stand there? What gives you confidence that you will be able to bring 
it back up to Rs. 11,000 – Rs. 12,000 range and do we need to wait for seasonally 
strong period of the year? And if you can talk about within the same context, what's 
the gating factor and a couple of other examples of maybe other brands that have 
succeeded in that kind of price range. Thank you and then I will come back for a 
follow up.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay. Sameer, let's start with retail pricing. Retail pricing varies from bottom to top 
by 250%. What do you see today, is Rs. 6,000 and in winter on a Tuesday it will be 
Rs. 20,000. When we talk ARR, we do not talk ARR of a date, we talk about ARR for 
the year. And typically, retail ARR in high season which is H2 is 1.2x, maybe even 
1.3x of H1 because in H1 you are driving occupancy, in H2 you are driving rate. If 

 
Page 3 of 14 
  
you do a retail spot check 6 months from now you will have a very different number 
and then the possible question will be why is your ARR so low and your retail rate so 
high? So, what is the business? Our business is roughly 55%, what is called 
negotiated business and 45% which is non negotiated or what we would broadly call 
retail, which is fundamentally business direct to customer or through an intermediary. 
And the negotiated business is normally with an intermediary like a corporate and so 
on. How did we do? Well, Aurika, as you know, is the largest inventory hotel in India. 
So, for the first year, year and a half, our focus has been to fill the hotel. Typically, 
once you fill the hotel and there is enough demand generated and awareness of the 
hotel, both in retail and in negotiated, then you start repricing once you have the base 
of demand. Aurika was on that path, if I look at Aurika in Q4 it did over 80% 
occupancy versus 65% odd in the similar period last year. So, we effectively 
increased the occupancy. Actually, as an exact number, we increased it by 18.2% of 
inventory and for the full year therefore Aurika last year did 63% v/s 53% in its first 
year of operation. Now we are at a point when we will start looking at price rise. You 
cannot really increase your price if you are doing subpar occupancy. So, I hope that's 
answered the first question.  
We are pretty confident that Aurika's ARR will hit. I mean if you look this winter it will 
nearly certainly be over Rs. 11,000 - Rs. 12,000 and then that becomes the run rate. 
What is it going Forward? Well, in Q4 alone Aurika gave a return of I think an EBITDA 
of about Rs. 42 crore at about 67% EBITDA margin. And considering that we 
invested finally about Rs. 880 crore in that hotel, I think it got nearly 5% return in 1 
quarter, 1.5 years after opening, I think is a very satisfactory outcome.  
Sameet Sinha: 
Got it, thank you. Second, if you can talk about the retail share that you have spoken 
about, what gets you from 45% to 65%, what all do you need to do along the way 
apart from the program that you just spoke about, additional steps from here on to 
get it there and what sort of efficiencies, how does it reflect in your income statement 
if that were to happen?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
See, retail is a function of underlying demand of what you would fundamentally call 
individual travelers. When you have, when we look at a business, here's how at least 
Lemon Tree looks at business. We look at fundamentally trends to decide strategy 
and after that what we are very focused on is basically the execution and the cost. 
We really are very focused on frugality. So, the trend line is quite clear. India is at a 
kind of an inflection point, I think the number of customers who will start using mid-
market hotels, which typically starts at Rs. 36 lakhs per household, which was on the 
total base of 330 odd million households in India, was a very small number, is poised 
for a big increase. Now this big increase is based on a very small base. So, when 
that starts happening, as has happened in every other country in the world, that is 
moving from lower income towards middle income, the discretionary consumption of 
items becomes non-discretionary. And hotels is in the, I would say the 70 percentile. 
Which means after a bunch of other discretionary items like athletic wear, footwear, 
all these become non-discretionary. Then hotels and travel come in.   
Retail naturally will pick up for all hotels in India in the next 5-6 years. So that's a 
given. Now we need to capture our fair share of it and that is why when I gave these 
opening comments of mine, I specifically spoke about the loyalty program, the 
relaunch of it and the juicing of it. So let me give you an interesting number. The 
largest hotel chain in the world is Marriott. It has 210 million, last I saw, 210 million 
loyalty members and 2.1 million rooms. So, here is a rule of thumb. For every room 
they have 100 loyalty members. On an average, loyalty members I would say should 
give them a few room nights a year. So here is the second proxy or second statistic. 
I think two-thirds of Marriott's demand comes from its loyalty program and mostly 
through its own website. They have no cost of sales through their own website. Let's 
take Lemon Tree. Lemon Tree has about 1.5 million members and it has 11,000 
rooms. We think in another 3 years we will be operating 20,000 rooms or maybe 4 

 
Page 4 of 14 
  
years. We have 2 million members by say in the next few months we will have also 
100 members per room. But we do not juice them the way we should. Firstly, our 
loyalty membership generates only 25%-30% of the business, not 65% as in Marriott 
and I think this is even more important for us as they come through more through 
OTAs than through our own website. The advantage of this loyalty program Infinity 
2 will be that we will be able to capture more through the cheaper direct channels, 
using loyalty and our upgraded websites. Let's combine it, we think there are going 
to be tailwinds, this is the inflection point. We think we are going to significantly 
improve our own offerings and the rewards we offer to members and as a 
combination I am reasonably sure that we will achieve this two-thirds target of our 
customers as retail in the next 3 odd years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Archana Gude: 
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Very well-explained that loyalty program thing. 
Maybe one small follow up on that. Now considering the healthy RevPAR growth to 
continue and this increase in management fees and renovation cost behind us by 
FY28, is it fair to assume that the full year EBITDA margin would be at least 200-300 
bps higher than our current EBITDA margin for let's say FY28. What would be your 
internal target?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Net of all expenses net EBITDA well, I don't think it will be 200 bps. Our internal 
expectation is at least 55%.  
Archana Gude:  
So that becomes then from 50% you are saying 55% by FY28? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
What I promised is 50% based on Mr. Narayan Murthy principles which is under 
promised, over deliver. But since you are asking, I think it will be closer to 55%.  
Archana Gude: 
Sure sir, that. That's a pretty optimistic guidance.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Archana, our revenue grows, now you have to keep in mind last 2 years a very 
interesting number. And I want to explain it actually generally as an industry number. 
Here is Lemon Tree that does 50%. Various chains do from 30%-50% also. How 
does this 50% get realized? So let me explain. If we do like last quarter, we did 54%, 
23% was fixed, 23% was variable. Well one of the benefits of COVID was 
variabilization of plenty of fixed costs or at least making them semi-fixed or semi-
variable. Now for the last 2 years, when we say our revenue grew 20% it means 100 
went to 120 and expenses grew 20% which means 50 went to 60. That means when 
revenue grew 20 bucks our expenses grew 10. Whereas what I broadly said was 
that the variable component which should have been half of that, it should have only 
grown by 5. Am I making sense to you?  
Archana Gude: 
Yes sir.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Why did it grow by an additional 5? It was renovation, tech investments which we 
are OPEXing and all this will become stable and not increase. It will effectively 
become, once we make these investments which we are showing as OPEX, but 
some of them are investments which can be actually other than financially treated as 
a CAPEX, they will all disappear. The flow through that you will, think of it this way, 
we have spent I think about Rs. 100 crore couple last year in renovation. We normally 
spend Rs. 25 crore – Rs. 30 crore. We spent Rs. 100 crore last year. This year we 
will spend Rs. 130 crore. What we are trying to do in order to not give shocks to 
people like you is, we are trying to make sure the rate of growth of these 
extraordinary investments are such that they are equal to the rate of growth of 
revenue. So, EBITDA margins are maintained. This year we will invest Rs. 130 crore 

 
Page 5 of 14 
  
in renovation. At the end of which we will drop from 2.2 %, in fact this year it will be 
3% of the revenue. But then suddenly we will drop to 1.2%, so that 2% will come 
back as EBITDA margin. Similarly, tech investments are 1.4% of revenue will 
become 0.2%. Then of course there will be the natural non-growth of our fixed cost 
because we were doing a catch-up post for the last 2 years where payroll went up 
significantly. But now going forward these 3 main contributors to an increase in fixed 
and variable costs will all start trending to what I would call Norm which means 
EBITDA margin automatically will be up by over 3%. I don't need a very high revenue 
hike. I mean if we grow at 15%-20% a year, which we will automatically trend to 54%-
55%.  
Archana Gude: 
Sure sir. We have given to be debt free next 4 years. So, should we consider this 
run rate of Rs. 400 crore repayment every year and maybe some guidance on Aurika, 
Shillong? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No, it doesn't work like that. Firstly, Aurika, Shillong is not a very large investment. 
The government has been very kind. In the auction they have given us a subvention 
on the interest rate of 5%. When we look at Debt to Equity of say 1:1, here we can 
get away with loan to value of 75% and that too the interest costs will be at 3.5% and 
there is a GST refund for 10 years. Effectively what it means, our income will be 
higher because of GST refund and our interest will be 50% lower. And we don't think 
we require much equity in this project as it happens, number one, because even the 
lease rent is very low. If I look at our repayment of debt this year we generated, I 
mean this year I think we generated Rs. 380 crore of cash. We invested in CAPEX 
and this and that maybe I think about Rs. 100 – Rs. 120 crore and then we repaid 
Rs. 200 crore and there is a bit of cash on our books, about Rs. 60 crore is cash on 
our books. Next year this will increase by another Rs. 120 – Rs. 150 crore. We will 
start then investing that money, repaying debt at a higher rate. And the following year 
when CAPEX of renovation also drops by Rs. 100 crore. The repayment is not Rs. 
400 crore a year, it will be Rs. 300 crore this year, Rs. 400 crore next year.  
Archana Gude: 
Gradually that will increase, right. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Samarth Agrawal from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Samarth Agrawal: 
Sir, just following up on your point on renovation. What would be the current 
renovation status in terms of number of rooms completed and how many rooms we 
expect to renovate in FY26 and FY27? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay, so the renovation is in on 2 basis and it is at 2 extremes. We are renovating 
high value, high demand hotels like our Premier’s wherever we can reprice them 
significantly, that is one extreme end of renovation. The other is we are renovating 
all Keys hotels because they were in a very shabby state. Every year if we spend 
Rs. 100 – Rs. 130 crore, you can assume we are renovating anything from 1,000 to 
1,500 rooms. We are also renovating public areas. Our entire owned portfolio is 
6,000 rooms of which about 1,000 do not need renovation. They just need minor 
refurbishment. Another 1,500 need low level interventions because they are not in 
markets where we can reprice significantly but we need to maintain brand standards 
and the balance will be renovated between Rs. 5-10 lakhs a room. So, at present I 
think we have renovated about 70% of the portfolio and the higher value renovation, 
we will do another 30% this year and knock it off. That will be done. Some of the 
renovation, which is the smaller refurbs and so on and so forth, will continue into the 
next year, but will be in terms of investment, significantly smaller. So, the view was 
very simple. As a risk mitigation strategy, even when we take new debt, we try and 

 
Page 6 of 14 
  
fund it through old EBITDA. So, we do not take debt on an asset, assuming the asset 
will cover the debt. We know we want stable EBITDA to mitigate risk. Similarly, 
renovation investments are made that anything we invest should be in high value 
generating EBITDA and cash which can then go into the, ther area, other hotels 
which may not be generating that level of return. So, it's a front-end investment, so 
to speak.  
Samarth Agrawal: 
Understood. Thank you so much for that. Just a question on the recent geopolitical 
developments that we are seeing, what would be our indication to northern India 
would have been affected and what would be the impact? Have you seen any impact 
in terms of any cancellations or any bookings getting deferred to a couple of months 
after from now?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes, there was a significant impact in May due to Covid, also, the news came that of 
course the media reported 1,000 cases. From 20 cases, suddenly it went up 50x. 
So, it's quite scary hearing that and of course the war. Fortunately, we are not while 
we have multiple hotels in the North and in Srinagar, these are managed hotels. So, 
capital at risk or EBITDA at risk was very low for us. If I look at it, I think we did about 
20% revenue growth in March. We grew about 20% in March, 21% in April and then 
in May it crashed to 14%. We will end this quarter maybe in the mid to high teens, 
so that is the effect. It was not a good effect. But our profit margins in this quarter will 
surprise, in Q1.  
Samarth Agrawal: 
Understood and just looking at the managed homes that we are adding, so if I just 
go through the last 4 or 5 presentations, I think last year we were expecting to add 
around 1,700 Keys under the managed model. And if I just sum up the total number 
of openings over the last four quarters, it was around 680-700 Keys. But the total 
number of managed rooms increased just north of 400 I think from 4,100 to 4,500 
plus. So firstly, just could you help to reconcile this difference and what is preventing 
us from sticking to our expansion plans in terms of the managed rooms? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I wish I had the owners of these hotels on this call. See, it's not in my hands. What 
we do is we give you a best guess estimate. Let me tell you how I try to mitigate it 
because I used to be asked these questions ever since we listed and we started 
focusing on asset light. Who owns the hotels we are talking about, which we are 
going to manage, what is our intent and who owns this? Asset light growth is not to 
get some EBITDA. Everybody in India is announcing asset light. First is rate of 
growth of asset light does not equal to the rate of growth of EBITDA. In fact, I am a 
little worried that these heavy announcements imply very fast growth. But the growth 
in EBITDA will be 10% of the announcements. One must understand that because 
most of the EBITDA remains with the owner. Only the managed income comes to 
us. Let me give you an example. If we hit 20,000 rooms and we open all of them in 
the next 3 years and 6,000 are owned, the other 14,000 will give me EBITDA equal 
to only 2,000-2,500 owned rooms. Even at 70% managed portfolio, my own EBITDA 
will be 3x of the managed EBITDA. That's the first point which I know you did not 
ask, but I want to just set expectations here.  
Number 2, when we sign these contracts, you will notice the average size of the hotel 
is 60. These are not institutional owners, these are individuals, very high net worth 
individuals in different citie. Since they build the hotels, we do not build the hotels for 
them. They tell us a date that we will open it by this date. Earlier pre-Covid I was 
reporting it that if they said we will open it in March of this year, we used to say 
March, we will open these many rooms. We realized quickly that this was not working 
because they were not adhering to their timelines and it was affecting our credibility. 
We started reporting openings by quarter, that didn't work. Then we made it half 
yearly, that didn't work. Now we report full-year and we are hoping that when they 
say they will deliver their hotel then, they actually do. But there have been multiple 
delays and each person who builds a hotel has his or her own cash flows which they 

 
Page 7 of 14 
  
allocate to the project. Sometimes they put it in their main business. So, to ask me 
this question. Well, what I can say is whatever we have signed, assuming there is a 
5%-10% drop off, because ultimately those hotels may or may actually not get built 
or get sold. Rest all will open. When they open is our best guess. So, am I making 
sense to you, Samarth? It is, we are just conveying what the owner tells us on an 
aggregate basis. We do not actually, maybe we should not even announce when 
these hotels are opening. I know it makes it difficult to assess management fee 
growth, but that is the hard reality.  
Samarth Agrawal: 
Understood. Thank you so much. Just a last I think clarification. Were there some 
managed hotels that closed down during the quarter or the year, anything the number 
of rooms? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. If you look at worldwide franchise, on an average, everybody talks net additions, 
In India so far, we have not been talking net additions. We just announced what 
comes, we deduct what goes. Maybe, we should going forward tell you what is net. 
But the net we do is at the aggregate, not specifically defining what we added and 
what we removed. This happens for multiple reasons and the most common reason 
is a disagreement on quality. So let me leave it at that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Hi sir. This is regarding our Keys hotels. So, in this quarter also we have seen the 
margin is under pressure. I guess the increase in your renovation cost. You are also 
talking about Q1 FY26, we are going to have a better profitability. Can we expect 
FY26 onwards we can see an improvement in Keys hotel performance? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Firstly, hi Sumant. Number two about Keys, Keys is a work in progress. I would urge 
you not to look at Keys. While the EBITDA margin grew from 38%-40%. If you 
remember about a year ago or maybe more, you asked me a similar question on 
Keys. And I said our current intent is to take it to about 40% EBITDA margins, which 
we did in Q4. But the reality is in Keys, every single room and every public area 
needs renovation. It has not been touched when we acquired it, it had not been 
touched for 10 years. It was in criminally bad shape. What I said to you is that when 
it's fully renovated and it will continue throughout this year also, what we are targeting 
is roughly north of Rs. 60 crore net EBITDA from this portfolio. And I would therefore 
like to just give this guidance that is in FY27 it will be north of Rs. 60 crore. But in 
between what we spend, what we shut down, we shut down 50-100 rooms in one 
hotel sometimes because if there are cribs and so on, we just shut that hotel or shut 
half that hotel and renovate it.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. And when we talk about the Q1 profitability is going to be better and we are 
talking of mid-teens kind of RevPAR growth. The profitability improvement YOY, can 
we assume the ARR growth in Aurika is going to drive? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No, Aurika's ARR will not grow because in summer again as I said as a policy all 
hotels across India focus on occupancies because summer is much lower demand 
than winter.  
Sumant Kumar: 
I am talking about YoY basis not on QoQ, ARR. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes, but Aurika I do not recollect offhand what it did in Q1 but the occupancy will be 
much better in Q2. What I said is Aurika is stabilizing. So, one would like to see a 
summer occupancy north of 70%-75% and a winter occupancy north of 85% to 
average to 80% and we are well on track there. And once that's stable then yes you 
will see some level of repricing. But remember most repricing Sumant is a function 

 
Page 8 of 14 
  
of retail - day to day dynamic repricing and that really does not work in summer. I 
don't know unless it is very specific leisure destinations where demand in summer is 
very high and you can reprice in summer. But for large business or multipurpose 
hotels like in the metros like Aurika and so on, ARR hikes I would not bank on. I 
would bank on occupancy hike driving EBITDA and then in winter, high occupancies 
and high ARRs which would drive a much higher flow through.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vaibhav Muley from Yes 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Hi sir. Congratulations on a fabulous set of numbers. My first question was on your 
expansion pipeline. Majority of our pipeline is now into Lemon Tree Hotels and Keys 
portfolio. While Lemon Tree Premier seems to have limited edition especially post 
FY26. Any particular reason for a lower addition in an upscale or upper mid-scale 
segment? And can we expect more additions going forward in Lemon Tree Premier 
and Aurika? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
So let me talk strategy for you Vaibhav for a minute. See we are focused on getting 
to about 200 cities in India. Our view is that if we get into all the cities in India which 
have 0.5 million population or more today or in the next 3 years, some are growing 
in population and those cities also have decent degrees of connectivity through 
highways, through Vande Bharat, through current or future airports and are in states 
where the state GDP is rising faster than the national notional average of 10%. Then 
these are markets we prioritize to get into earlier and then ultimately into all these 
200 cities. Now unfortunately in most of these Tier II, maybe even Tier III cities, the 
product is such that it does not have 5-star hotels. It does not even have 4-star hotels. 
They basically have decent 3-star hotels. And in some cases, so I would say they 
have hotels which are like 2.5 to 3.5 star our and the size of the inventory is also 
small, these are not 200-room hotels because the demand in that city is not so large 
yet. So, most of our growth and if you see our pipeline, if you look at it, they are in 
Tier II, Tier III cities. This is deliberate. It is strategic. We want to increase network. 
We want every Indian in every urban area to basically be aware of Lemon Tree 
literally physically and we think that will ultimately drive growth. So, we have 
generally found whenever we put up a hotel in a new market, the demand from that 
market goes up by an exponential amount. So today if I get two rooms from City X 
across our network, then if I put up a hotel in City X, this is just illustrative and 
anecdotal. It will become 50 rooms a day and it feeds the entire network. So, to 
answer your question, if you see the hotels we have signed in this pipeline last year, 
Q4, it's in places like Niman in Madhya Pradesh, Garoth in Madhya Pradesh, Moga 
in Punjab, Chittorgarh, Pali in Maharashtra. Look at where they are and those can't 
support elementary premier, let alone an Aurika and they are small inventory. So, 
this is a network strategy. And I think when this gets done, we will see an upsurge in 
demand and in our loyalty membership which will be pan India. So, the way we look 
at it is very simple. Top 1% of India is 23% of GDP. Bottom 45% is 15% of GDP and 
the middle 50% odd is 60% of GDP. We are focused on that middle.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Understood. And regarding your Red Fox properties, so there I am seeing limited 
expansion in the Red Fox as well. Is it because the brand positioning of Red Fox is 
similar to that of Keys Prima or Key Select? So, you are preferring maybe higher 
edition in Key Select over Red Fox?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. Actually, that's a very correct question. See when we set up Lemon Tree there 
was Lemon Tree, then Lemon Tree Premier One Up, Red Fox One Down and Aurika 
came up because we wanted to expand share of wallet of customers who were 
migrating up. We acquired Keys and suddenly Keys had an overlap or was supposed 
to be positioned as an overlap with Lemon Tree. But the reality is the product was 
much inferior. And therefore, when we acquired Keys, we said we would have to 
actually review our entire portfolio of brands. If you ask me to do some crystal gazing, 

 
Page 9 of 14 
  
Keys Prima, Keys Select and Keys Lite will become the vehicles for franchise for 
small hotels supported by tech and distribution from Lemon Tree. Lemon Tree and 
Lemon Tree Premier and Aurika will be the managed part of the brands which will 
grow in future. Yes, we will have to look at all the Red Foxes once we finish this 
renovation and ask ourselves whether we should leave them as they are or reposition 
them as a Lemon Tree or an equivalent in the Keys portfolio.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Understood sir. Just last bit on the Fleur Hotels, any update on the potential listing 
and asset recycling of standalone entity to own rooms to Fleur books?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
See this is all under informal discussions. I think what we will do is, by the next board 
meeting we will try and come up with a very definite plan - what we are going to do 
with the listing of Fleur and how Fleur will be the vehicle that does asset development 
assets. Let's put it this way, where to go, what to develop, how to finance it and they 
will own all the assets. So, there will be a development cum asset owning company 
with a large pipeline which we have already identified. And Lemon Tree will become 
more asset light and will be a brand/technology/management platform.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. I just have one bookkeeping question on debt 
reduction which was at about Rs. 190 crore in this year. However, if I look at our 
standalone debt, the reduction is about Rs. 70 odd crore whereas our standalone 
PAT number is relatively flat on a YOY basis. Just wanted to understand how the 
apportionment of repayment happens between the standalone and the consolidate 
entity, given the fact that Aurika resides in Fleur and considerable cash flow 
generation will happen at the consol level. So just wanted some clarity on this.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Let me summarize this. Most of our old hotels are in Lemon Tree, the newer hotels 
are in Fleur. There is Rs. 300 – Rs. 350 crore of debt in Lemon Tree. I am giving you 
very illustratively, it's around that number. We would be repaying Rs. 70 – Rs. 80 
crore of that. We take 15-year debt, first 3 years is a moratorium, next 4 years is like 
15% repayment of principal, next 4 years is like 35% and the last 4 years that is year 
11 onwards is the last 50%. Are you with me so far? So, it is ballooned out. And the 
reason we do this is one is we want a long tenure because these are capital heavy 
projects. And number two is the asset inflation of a hotel after 11 years is significant 
enough to drive a much higher repayment by generating much higher free cash, 
assuming you are repricing at the rate of asset of inflationary growth. Lemon Tree 
has a much higher repayment compare to capital deployed in Fleur. Are you getting 
me?  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Think of it this way. Lemon Tree, if we did nothing between Lemon Tree and Fleur, 
Lemon Tree would get debt free much before Fleur would, number one. Number two 
is that, I think Vaibhav asked this question of the listing of Fleur. Once Fleur lists 
basically, we will have zero to very limited Gross Debt. In fact, one of the questions 
the board will ask is what is an ideal Debt to EBITDA ratio to carry forward to optimize 
return on equity. And that could be 2:1. We are already at 2.57. So, I think this is an 
inflection point for our company, both from tailwinds which is structural change from 
asset deployment, asset upgrade, technology upgrade so on and so forth. So, the 
way the balance sheet looks will start looking somewhere substantially different and 
better year by year in the next 2 years.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, just to clarify this a bit better. I just wanted to know whether the cash flow 
generated from old hotels in Lemon Tree is that only used to repay the debt at the 

 
Page 10 of 14 
  
standalone level or whatever we generate at the consol level is fungible and can be 
used to make payment at the standalone level? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Absolutely not fungible. At Fleur, the shareholders of Lemon Tree only owns 60%, 
40% is with the Dutch pension fund. So, there is no question of moving money from 
Lemon Tree to Fleur. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. And sir, secondly on the Hyderabad market I think the RevPAR growth 
in this quarter is at about 9% but some of your peers in this market have done well. 
So, any specific reason you would want to call out for a slightly lower RevPAR growth 
number? And also, if you can just clarify why the tax rate was a bit low this time 
around.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Firstly, who is our peer according to you? We have no peers; they are all 5 star 
hotels. So, I think you are talking of different segments. It's like comparing the growth 
of economy pricing and business class pricing in a sector. First thing, please don't 
do that. Number two is, you can use 5 star hotels performance as a general proxy. 
Now the reality is that 20% of our inventory or 18% of our inventory in Hyderabad 
was shut for innovation. It is precisely what you are saying. It's a very high demand 
market and we shut the inventory so we were constrained in terms of supply. That is 
number one. Number two, if you look at on a total growth basis, we really shut a lot 
of inventory in Banjara Hills, which is our hotel in the city center, to renovate. As a 
result, the gross ARR in Q4 FY25 dropped by about 10% or 8% and revenue also 
dropped by 20% in that market because occupancy was down and rate was down 
because there was noise and renovation and so on. Similarly, Lemon Tree Premier 
Hyderabad about 5% of the inventory was shut. When you look at it from that 
perspective, you are not comparing apples to apples. And overall, I am actually not 
very dissatisfied with the growth in Hyderabad because while the occupancy hardly 
changed because of inventory shutdown. I am quite pleased that as an average 
market our ARR there was Rs. 7,700 which is 10% over our national average.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. And the tax rate part if you can clarify and lastly if I can chip in just one 
because we are targeting to take our retail share to about 65%. A rough ballpark 
number if you can share what is the pricing differential between the negotiated 
business in the non-negotiated business, even a rough indication would help.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
So, in good times the non-negotiated business pricing, I am just giving you rule of 
thumb, is much higher than negotiated. In bad times negotiated and non-negotiated 
becomes the same and in summer the non-negotiated which is the retail pricing 
becomes much lower. It is entirely, just think of it very simply Jinesh, as the following. 
A high demand period, non-negotiated or retail pricing is like airline pricing. It can be 
very high and in low demand it can be very low. Contracted business or negotiated 
business is the same around the year. So, one actually offsets the other. Am I making 
sense to you?  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
And the ARR we report is a combination of the two.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood, sir. Only on the tax rate part if you can clarify then I am done. Thank 
you.  
Kapil Sharma: 
On the tax rate actually, you are right that this time the rate is coming lower and that 
is primarily due to the deferred tax adjustment.  

 
Page 11 of 14 
  
Patanjali Keswani: 
I think it's an annual excess in Q4. Even last year, Jinesh, in Q4 the tax for the quarter 
was lower than the year average.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prashant Kothari from Stock 
Market Read. Please go ahead.  
Prashant Kothari: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Just wanted to ask about the IPO for Fleur Hotels. We 
are retaining a majority. We are intending to retain a majority even after post listings 
for Fleur. So right now, what are the plans to deploy the unlocked capital that we will 
be having from the listing?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
I am not sure we will have a majority or not firstly, that is a function of board and 
discussions. We may deconsolidate to show a very high management fee income 
growth in that portfolio. Let me talk about it, see there are three points, there is a 
midpoint and two extremes of return in the hotel industry. If I do pure franchise, any 
income I earn is 99% flow through, if I do management contract, income flow through 
is 80%-85%. And here the deployment of capital is practically zero. So, this is one 
extreme that is say one sigma, franchise is two sigma and there is zero risk other 
than reputational risk if you don't perform. At the other extreme is asset ownership 
where the EBITDA is very chunky. Risk is 100%, capital deployed is 100%. Risk is 
100%. In a JV like ours with APG we own 60% of the company but our effective 
economic share is 65%. Plus, we take 15% of the revenue, between 10%-15% of 
the revenue as management fee. So effectively our economic interest is 65% to 70%. 
Am I making sense to you?  
Prashant Kothari: 
Yes.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Suppose hypothetically we owned only 30% of Fleur. Then our economic interest 
would be we would get 30% of the EBITDA. So, suppose the EBITDA was Rs. 100 
and we took Rs. 20 of it as fees. Then our economic interest would be 30% of the 
balance Rs. 80 which is Rs. 24 plus Rs. 20, which is our fees. So, our economic 
interest is Rs. 44, but the investment is Rs. 30. So, the lower the ownership and skin 
in the game and it should ideally be at least 25% in my opinion. But this is as I said, 
subject to discussion. The much higher return on capital in equity we give to the 
shareholders of Lemon Tree. The other funny thing is that the multiple on 
management fee income is a higher multiple than on asset if you look at the Indian 
market, it is literally double. So, if I take an asset of which gives me Rs. 100 crore 
EBITDA in Fleur and let me assume the multiple is, I am just taking it illustratively is 
18. The valuation is Rs. 1,800 crore of enterprise. But suppose out of that 100, 20 is 
management fee that is multiplied at 2x and the balance is multiplied at 18. So, this 
is a global standard on average. Of course it varies from country to country. But 
broadly these are the rules. For the shareholders of Lemon Tree, we want to give 
very high growth in profit, we want the market to value it, we want high growth, we 
don't want asset heaviness, we just want skin in the game. The other advantage of 
that is that if we create Fleur as a growth vehicle, then every asset it adds, we will 
have a good shot to get it to manage. From every perspective, segregation of risk 
segregation of return, it makes sense for us to list Fleur. 
Prashant Kothari: 
That I understood. But whatever money we will be getting from the IPO, what Lemon 
Tree will be getting from the IPO, is there any plan for that, how that will be utilized?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
How would we utilize? It doesn't make sense for us to get money. It makes sense for 
us to go debt free. And if you ask me and this is not discussed to the board, I would 
expect Lemon Tree to become very asset light, very high in profit and a dividend 
distributing company within the next 1-2 year. It would need no capital. The only 
capital it would need would be perhaps in marketing spend and in technology 
investments and in distribution to very rapidly expand the network. And Fleur would 

 
Page 12 of 14 
  
need capital for growth, for strategic growth and for growing that portfolio which 
would be by the way from a governance perspective we are very clear, it will be 
completely firewalled from Lemon Tree.  
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay, second question, Infinity 2.0 and tech upgrades that were expected to boost 
the retail demand share from around 45% to 66% by CY28. So, what measurable 
changes have you seen in the customer acquisition or repeat bookings or direct 
channel since the relaunch?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
We had shut down our website or half shut it down for upgrades. So, in fact it dropped 
to be very specific. The loyalty program was also launched very recently. It went 
through multiple iterations. We wanted it to be best in class. These are work in 
progress. I think the way to look at it is what happens by the end of this financial year 
for me to give you a definitive answer of how this is changing. But the intent is very 
simple Prashant. It is that we make it easy, two clicks preferably. It's super high in 
reward. It also offers multiple choices and the best possible rates to any customer in 
India.  
Prashant Kothari: 
Understood. Just one more question. Beyond room revenue, are there any strategic 
priorities for expanding on the non-room’s revenue side like banquets, F&B, co-
working spaces, or branding experiences?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
See if you look at global companies, I think one interesting thing again speaking as 
a proud Indian is that there are finally companies in this country which can operate 
on a global scale. And as India's economy grows and relative share of the economy 
increases in the global economy because we are growing at 3x of the global 
economy, we are going to see some wonderful changes in this country, both in terms 
of domestic consumption, private capital expenses and in terms of our impact on the 
soft impact and economic impact in the rest of the world. Where should Lemon Tree 
be. So let me take you through the growth of normal large hotel companies. They all 
start with one brand like we did in one city, like we did. If the brand does well, they 
start expanding that brand across a geography which is normally their home country. 
The brand does better and their customers start traveling to other countries. They 
expand the brand to that country in order to follow the customer and offer them a 
brand they are familiar with and like. Over time these brands go up and down. So, 
from say a 3-star brand which Marriott launched at, they went into 4-star and 5-star 
and 2-star. So, they start offering multiple price points to multiple customers who 
have now become familiar with their brand. First expansion is one brand, then all 
brands in their home country, then markets where their customers go and ultimately, 
they become global players. It's an X-Y axis pricing which is brands and geographies. 
Over time they start following customers into what I would loosely call adjacencies, 
timeshare, holiday, resorts. They go into casinos, they go into cruise liners, they go 
into service departments and so on. Lemon Tree, I have no doubt in due time will 
follow a similar strategy. I think we need to juice our brand where it is still under 
penetrated and we want it to be dominant in its space. So that is our focus. It is a 
singular focus. Adjacencies and monetizing it will come alongside.  
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay, so for now I can say we are focusing on the hotel part only, not on the adjacent 
side.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes.  
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay, last question about the international foray. The Dubai property marked your 
first international foray, there is little limited communication there. Are there any 
concrete plans for further international expansion?  

 
Page 13 of 14 
  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Not strategic but opportunistic and fundamentally asset light. So, wherever Indians 
go. So, I will give you, I think I gave this example a year ago, I think 18 million foreign 
arrivals come to India of which I think 7-8 million are Indians only and the other 10-
11 are foreigners. But 26 million Indians go out and we expect that by FY30 it will 
become 100 million. So, we have a good loyalty program. We have captured a large 
share of these customers. They are familiar with our brands. We have a positive 
outcome to offer to owners of hotels outside India where these Indians go. And I am 
absolutely sure that we will be in all these places in the next 3-5 years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rohan John from Quantum 
AMC. Please go ahead.  
Rohan John: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. Firstly on the Aurika Mumbai 
Hotel, how much of the business is currently coming from the crew segment?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
The current business is I think about 25%-27%. 
Rohan John: 
So the follow up question on this is with the T1 renovation which is going to be 
happening so do you expect any impact on your occupancies in the next 2-3 years 
maybe on your Aurika Mumbai portfolio and even the Lemon Tree Premier Airport 
Hotel given this renovation is going to take about 2-3 years?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
No, firstly Aurika is not undergoing renovation. It's a brand-new hotel.  
Rohan John: 
No, I am not Talking about the T1, the Terminal 1. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Oh, sorry. Well, it's not visible because Aurika Mumbai is doing better than our 
portfolio in Q1. If I remember right, the portfolio is doing north of 70%, Aurika is closer 
to 80%. So no, there is no impact. In fact, the outcome is positive. Generally, 
renovations, we are a little, by and large the tradeoff is we try and renovate at a time 
where demand is low. But given the fact that during renovation rooms are shut for 
up to 3 months, we try and time it with where we think the displacement or the 
opportunity cost is low. So, if we shut 25% of say inventory, we expect the impact 
would be only on those days where demand is more than 75% or the balance 
inventory. So, we do Displacement analysis. It's tech driven. And I think by and large 
if you ask me for a flat number, it would not be a material number of loss of revenue. 
Maybe Rs. 10-15 crore, maybe Rs. 20 crore, but not much.  
Rohan John: 
Yes sir. Sorry, I think I wasn't clear with my question. So, the thing is that the T1, the 
Terminal 1 Airport is going through renovation starting November. So, I was asking 
whether that will have any impact on your Aurika Mumbai or the Lemon Tree 
Premier? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I have no idea. But I can tell you when they shut, I think it happened in Delhi and 
demand didn't go down.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead.  
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is on your region wise mix of operating inventory today and how 
does it look when it goes to 20,000 rooms?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
As far as asset heaviness goes where we have 5,760 Keys. We are opening a 90 
Keys Aurika in Shimla and 160 Keys Aurika in Shillong, which are two nice markets 
and these are resort markets. So, our asset base is currently still about 6,000. Where 
are we going elsewhere? It's a mix of opportunistic and strategic. Opportunistic is 

 
Page 14 of 14 
  
within these 200 cities, wherever we get opportunities, we just sign it and we add it 
to our network. As far as strategic goes, we have identified about 15 cities where we 
think we should be present because currently and going forward because of 
connectivity, they are close to an airport. Either the airport is in the city or within 2 
hours drive, highways are coming up or have come up. When we can identify using 
multiple data sets, cities where there is large population, there is consumption, there 
is high demand of outbound travel, that is people traveling from that city to the rest 
of India. We want a strategic presence there which means we would look then at 
acquiring a hotel to manage or even lease because if we do that, then the benefit to 
the network is a very high one. Think of it this way, that if we have a hotel in, I am 
using this example loosely in Ranchi and we discover that there are about 1,000 
people from Ranchi who visit the rest of India every year and right now we are getting 
only 5 of them, but with presence it will become 100. Then we would strategically go 
into that city as quickly as possible. So, when you look at this growth, I would say 
90% or 95% of these 101 rooms we had, it's 113 rooms. Well, as of today there are 
another 12-13 hotels we signed. But if you look at our pipeline, which is a little larger 
than our operational hotels now in terms of number of hotels, I would say about 7 or 
8 are in cities which we hunted out and the rest are all over the place all the 200 
cities we want to be in.  
Prateek Kumar: 
Regarding recent announcements by some of the global companies which you would 
have seen, how do you see this having an impact on industry supply maybe a few 
years down the line?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
I think it's a good thing personally. I am not talking only from a Lemon Tree 
perspective. When a market gets more organized, pricing becomes rational, 
customers get used to better quality and then the high performers are the ones who 
are delivering that. Unfortunately, in India 90% of the hotel rooms are not branded. 
In Europe it's 30%, in America it's 70% branded. This is a part of the natural 
evolution. I think what is unusual in India is such a large part of 15 odd lakh rooms is 
small hotels of 30-40 rooms which are really subscale. It does not make sense to 
manage it. So, to just give you a number, if we charge 15% of the revenue of a hotel 
as fees, in our minds 10% is for the brand and 5% is for management. If two thirds 
of the fees are for franchise and these are very small hotels, why target that 
remaining one-third? Where the effective cost of delivering management is more 
than the revenue we earn from it. So going forward, all these international companies 
who are trying to announce or trying to get in or have announced growth in India, 
they are all equally foxed as to how to reach out to these small hotels. But it will 
happen. I have no doubt somebody will crack it. I think we are also fairly strongly 
positioned to crack it using technology and our Keys brands. And those who do will 
be the big winners of the future because they will basically consolidate supply, which 
is unconsolidated, very fragmented, and very poor in quality. And if they can manage 
to solve for that, it's a massive opportunity.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Thank you. Thank you all once again for your interest and support. We will continue 
to stay engaged. Please be in touch with our investor relations team for any further 
details or discussions and we look forward to interacting with you soon.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity and accuracy. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
