CIN No.LI7119DN1990PLC000091
Eu FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
FIL/SE/2025-26/10 
1st May, 2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security Symbol: FILATEX
BSE Limited
Listing Department
25th Floor, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalai Street,
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 526227
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on 25th April, 2025 for the Q4FY25 
and FY25 results of the Company
Dear Sirs/ Madam,
In continuation of our letter No. FIL/SE/2025-26/4 dated 22nd April, 2025 and pursuant 
to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript in respect of the Earnings 
Conference call held on 25th April, 2025 for the Q4FY25 & FY25 results of the Company.
This is for your information and records please.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
RAMAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY
Enel.: a/a
CORPORATE OFFICE
Bhageria House 
43 Community Centre 
New Friends Colony 
New Delhi • 110025, India
P: +91.11.26312503,26848633/44 
F: +91.11.26849915 
E: fildelhi@filate* com
REGD. OFFICE & WORKS
S. No. 274 Demni Road 
Dadra- 396193 
U.T. of-Dadra & Nagar Haveli 
India
P: +91.260.2668343/8510 
F: +91.260.2668344 
E: fildadra@filatex.com
DAHEJ WORKS
Plot No. 2/5A, Village Jolva 
Dahej-2, Industrial Estate, GiDC 
Dahej • Dist Bharuch,
Gujarat • 392130 
P: +91. 9099917201/02 
E: fildahej@filatex com
SURAT OFFICE
Bhageria House, Ring Road, 
Surat, Gujarat - 395002 
India
P: +91.261.4030000 
E: filsurat@filatex com
Website: wvsw.filatex.com
RAMAN 
KUMAR 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
RAMAN KUMAR 
JHA 
Date: 2025.05.01 
15:43:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Filatex India Limited 
Q4 & FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MADHU SUDHAN BHAGERIA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. ASHOK CHAUHAN – CHIEF VISIONARY OFFICER   
 
MR. NITIN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 
MR. VEDANSH BHAGERIA - VICE PRESIDENT OF 
CORPORATE STRATEGY  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TANISH BANSAL – SHARE INDIA SECURITIES 
 
 
 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Filatex India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tanish Bansal from Share India Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Tanish Bansal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Share India Securities, I would like to 
welcome all the participants for the Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Filatex India 
Limited. We are pleased to have with us the management team represented by Mr. Madhu 
Sudhan Bhageria, Chairman and MD; Mr. Ashok Chauhan, Visionary Officer; Mr. Nitin 
Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vedansh Bhageria, Vice President of Corporate 
Strategy. 
 
We will now have opening remarks from Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria to give an overview on 
the company's performance. This will be followed by the question and answer. Thank you, and 
over to you, Madhu-ji. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Thank you. Good afternoon. A warm welcome to all attendees of this FY '25 conference call. 
Joining me today are Mr. Chauhan, Mr. Nitin Agarwal and Mr. Vedansh Bhageria. I trust you 
have reviewed the investor presentations, which have been uploaded on both our website and 
the stock exchanges. 
 
Let me begin with a quick recap of our key performance indicators. On a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, operating profits remained nearly unchanged despite a slight decline in sales volume, 
indicating a marginal improvement in EBITDA margin. On an overall basis, FY '25 was another 
important year for Filatex as the company continued to make steady progress across key metrics 
with a focused strategy to enhance profitability compared to the previous year. 
 
For the full year FY '25, the revenue was INR4,252 crores as against INR4,286 crores in FY '24. 
The sales quantity stood at 390,000, a slight drop from 401,000. Our EBITDA grew by 7.76% 
to INR257.71 crores, up from INR239.16 crores. PAT rose 21.6%, reaching INR134.6 crores, 
up from INR110.7 crores. 
 
In domestic market, competition remains intense, and we anticipate gradual improvement. 
However, the export market for textile yarns continue to face pressure due to lower Chinese 
prices. High raw material cost makes us uncompetitive in export market. In fact, raw material 
price disparity is so high. The suppliers from China find ways and means to dump yarn fabrics 
at low prices, thereby causing pressures on margins in the domestic industry. 
 
To address this, the government has imposed a minimum import price across most HS codes for 
fabric imports. Indian government must urgently ensure that MMF raw material prices are 
competitive enough to capture some of the China's share in the U.S. market. U.S. tariff 
announcement has caused strong waves of uncertainty across many sectors and textile in one 
wherein there could be a gain. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
At operational level, our capacity utilization is above 95%. We are continuously looking at ways 
and means to reduce our energy consumption as well as the cost. We have tied up with Torrent 
for a capacity of approximately 20 megawatt renewable energy at a landed cost of INR4.75 per 
unit. 
 
Energy is our second biggest cost, first being raw material. This power supply agreement will 
be effective from January 2026. Upon getting this energy, our green energy content will be 
around 20 megawatt out of a total requirement of 36 megawatts. As this energy will be a cost 
lower than grid power cost, this will reduce our energy payouts by around INR19 crores to 
INR20 crores annually. 
 
We also operate a 30-megawatt captive power plant with 20 megawatts when sourced from 
renewables, the utilization of our turbine capacity is expected to decline. To optimize the use of 
our boiler and turbine infrastructure, we are proposing a new model, generating approximately 
15 megawatt of electricity and extracting steam from the turbine for plants for external sales. 
This extracted steam can be supplied to several small companies in the surrounding area. 
 
The unique advantage of this scheme lies exceptionally low power generation cost. Additionally, 
the recipient companies benefit by purchasing steam at a price lower than their cost of self 
generation. We have received strong interest and preliminary acceptance from nearby industries, 
many of whom are ready to sign MOUs. 
 
To implement this system, investment of around INR85 crores to INR90 crores is required for 
the steam pipeline and infrastructure inside the plant. Our projected annual savings from this 
initiative are estimated to be around INR60 crores annually. We plan to add additional yarn 
capacities at Dahej plant, POY capacity of 19,800 metric tons per annum, DTY capacity of 
14,400 metric tons per annum. FDY capacity has been doubled from what was initially planned. 
FDY capacity addition will be now 28,800 metric tons per annum instead of 14,400. 
 
FDY market is gaining ground in domestic market. The capacity addition envisages a capital 
expenditure of around INR235 crores. This additional capacity will be operational by August 
2026 and will give it additional EBITDA of around INR70 crores annually. Despite short-term 
challenges, the long-term outlook remains constructive, supported by strong fundamentals, 
proactive government policies, corrective steps such as addressing the inverted duty structure of 
GST on polyester imports will provide further impetus to the domestic industry. 
 
On the raw material supply side, around 2.4 million tons of PTA capacity will be commissioned 
by calendar year 2025. These plants have been set up by Indian Oil and the other one is by GAIL. 
This will reduce dependence on imports, which have uncertainties like shipping schedule, 
exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
Also, Reliance Industries is putting up a 3.2 million ton capacity plant for PTA, which is likely 
to be commissioned by mid of 2027. All these factors are encouraging and will restore 
confidence in the future of PET fibers and filaments and boost domestic production. The global 
textile industry is undergoing a major transformation. It has been identified as one of the world's 
major polluters. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
With environmental degradation affecting rivers, groundwater, air, soil, biodiversity and marine 
life, the industry is now transitioning from suggestive measures to regulatory enforcement. 
Environmental and social accountability is no longer optional, but a prerequisite for global 
competitiveness. 
 
Consumers are increasingly demanding products made with environmental and ethical integrity. 
They expect fabric tied with responsibility, garment stitched with sustainability and products 
packed by traceability. We firmly believe this is the time for textile transformation. Our in-house 
research is going on. We are actively pursuing effective steps to set up our first textile-to-textile 
recycling plant, which can utilize polyester waste in all forms. 
 
We have developed and patented a molecular regeneration process for polyester textile recycling 
plant. Globally, many companies are developing technologies to enable commercially viable 
recycling, and we believe that although the path to sustainability in textile is challenging, it is 
undeniably the future. 
 
To mitigate environmental impact, adopting a circular economy model is imperative. This model 
addresses global challenges such as climate changes, biodiversity loss and waste. For us, 
sustainability is not merely a compliance requirement. It is a foundation for future growth. It is 
a survival mantra for people, businesses and the planet. 
 
Aligned with the vision, we have been conducted R&D in textile-to-textile recycling, enabling 
infinite recycling. A pilot plant is already operational, processing various pre-consumer textile 
waste such as garment and home liens. We wish to inform that we have started execution of our 
proposed recycling 26,250 tons per annum capacity plant. We are setting up this plant near our 
existing facility. 
 
This location has easy access to waste, raw material supply as well as good infrastructure. Project 
engineering consultants have been appointed. Building construction has started and equipment 
ordering are being finalized. We expect to be in production by July 2026. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just first up, I wanted to understand, I mean, we have said in the past as well in terms of 
EBITDA margins, we would like to see double-digit EBITDA margin. So by when we are 
targeting to reach double-digit EBITDA margins? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I think maybe in the second half of this financial year. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And when we say double-digit EBITDA margin, we exclude other income or we are 
including -- it's including other income. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, no, we exclude other income. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Exclude. So by second half -- and what would be the trigger point to -- I mean, because currently, 
I think our EBITDA margin is close to 6% to 7%, right? So this 3%, 3.5% gap. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Normally, second half is better because of winter, the demand of fabric is higher. First quarter, 
there are a lot of shortage of labor and there's a lot of pressure. And also in the fourth quarter, I 
think one PTA plant will also start locally. So that will also give some savings in the form of 
raw material cost. And gradually, the demand is increasing. 
 
No major capacity is coming in. Only one plant of Sanathan, which is expected to start 
somewhere in July is coming in the north. Thus, there is no increase in the capacity. All that will 
lead to some increase in the margin. Already, we are seeing some triple happening from this 
month. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. So by second half, you're expecting this 6.6% margins to go up to 10% 
at least, I mean, by second half. Okay. And I mean, when did government introduce this 
minimum support price to protect the industry from... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: In the budget also they did and recently also for 4 HS codes, they have done it 3 days back, I 
think, 2, 3 days back. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It was executed for 9 HS code and 4 more, they have done it 3 days back. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. And in your opening remarks, you did mention that demand in domestic market 
remain challenging as well as export market prices also remain challenging, right? So how do 
we see that going forward? I mean, is demand improving? There is a gradual improvement you 
are seeing in the domestic market demand? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, there is a gradual improvement. There is a gradual improvement in that. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And what about the export market? How do you see that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Because the imports of fabrics have reduced drastically which was being met by imports. Now 
the local producers are producing more fabrics to meet that demand. So the yarn demand has 
also increased. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Has seen gradually improved. And what about the export market? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yarn export is a challenge because China, you can't compete with them. We are doing very small 
volume, but not big. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So how much, I mean, 5% of revenue mix? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: The raw material is very cheap in their country, almost more than 10% cheap. So it's very 
difficult to compete with them. 
Deepak Poddar: 
What would be our revenue mix, I mean 4%, 5% -- exports? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: 1% or 2%. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
1% to 2%. Understood. Fair enough. And regarding your recycling plant that you mentioned, 
we are expecting it to start by July 2026. I mean, more than a year from now, right? I mean that's 
what's -- that's it. So... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We just started construction and ordering it takes time. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. So that will be margin accretive for us, right? Because that particular plant would have. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, the margins there are good, although the size is not that big, but the margins are good. So 
once this plant is operational and is good, then we will multiply these kind of plants. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. But what is the revenue potential? I mean, INR300 crores at 35%, 40% 
margin? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Around INR300 crores. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And just my final query, I mean, because you mentioned that our capacity utilization is 
already running at 95%. So what would be the growth that we might be looking at because that 
-- I mean... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: That's what, what I said, we are expanding some capacities, which will be operational by August 
'26. We are in the process of ordering those machines. So then it will increase by another 12%, 
13%, the capacity. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough, 12%, 13%. So ideally, that means that is coming in August '26. So ideally FY '26, 
we might see muted growth, right, the same? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. It will be similar quantity. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Similar. So similar, I mean -- and understood. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Similar to FY '25, FY '26 will be similar one. 
Deepak Poddar: 
FY '26 will be similar. And in terms of ASP, I mean, do you expect ASP to be similar as 
compared to FY '25 as well? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: What is ASP? 
Deepak Poddar: 
Realization, realization. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Realization, see, top line depends on the raw material prices. The raw material prices are low, 
then the top line produces a little, but the margins will remain what I have indicated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swayam Ranabhat from Pinpoint X Capital. 
Swayam Ranabhat: 
Yes. So my question is about like I wanted to know the effect of minimum import prices. Like 
are we witnessing any positive impact on ground regarding this for domestic player? And if yes, 
can you please explain it in more detail to understand how things are really playing out? 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: There was an import of a lot of knitted fabric from China at very low prices, which are below 
the cost prices. So there the government has put $3.5 as the minimum price. So after that, there 
is a good demand in the knitted fabrics in India. And that's why the demand for yarn is going up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Basant Pandey an individual investor. 
Basant Pandey: 
Sir, with all these expansion programs going on, where do you see EBITDA margin -- EBITDA 
in real terms in FY '27, sir? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: As an absolute number, I see at least... 
Basant Pandey: 
As an absolute number? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Number you want or percentage? 
Basant Pandey: 
No, sir. I would prefer an absolute number? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Absolute number, we expect in the full year to be more than 30%, more than the last. 
Basant Pandey: 
FY '27, sir, I'm talking about. Should we expect about INR450 crores or so? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: 30% more than FY '26. 
Basant Pandey: 
Okay. And what would be FY '26 approximately in your opinion? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: You know the FY '25 number. You can add 30% and you get the number. why you ask me to 
do. 
Basant Pandey: 
Okay. So FY '26 will be 30% more than FY '25? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, that's what I am saying. 
Basant Pandey: 
And FY '27 will be again 30% more? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, because we'll be adding more capacity and then the markets will be very good. Because 
we'll get additional capacity, we'll get savings on the power also. 
Basant Pandey: 
Exactly. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It could be much more than 30%. 
Basant Pandey: 
Another question, sir, the INR68 crores of traded goods, we've never traded goods in such a 
huge number earlier. So any reason for that, sir? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Basically gas, which we had to take and sell from IOC. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management. 
Aditya: 
I am a little new to the industry. So pardon me if my questions are a little basic. Sir, this synthetic 
yarn industry, sir, if you could just help us understand what are the demand and supply dynamics 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
in domestic market. So what would be the demand in metric tons and what would be the current 
supply? And how much of it is catered by domestic players versus imports? If you could just 
give some understanding on that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: More or less, it is balanced. The total production of polyester filament yarn is something upward 
of 4.5 million tons annually. And so is the demand. There is some imports of yarn and there are 
some exports also. So they balance out. 
Aditya: 
So imports would be how much? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: The exports would be roughly around 400,000 to 500,000 tons. And similarly, imports are also 
close to these numbers. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And now, sir, if I have to understand export market, maybe China will be... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Our imports are slightly lower. I mean, if this is 400,000-500,000 that will be like 250,000-
300,000 something like that. 
Aditya: 
Understood. Understood, sir. And sir, if I have to understand the export markets, I believe China 
would be the largest player. So now with U.S. imposing tariffs on China, now is the cost 
differential between Indian players and Chinese players has reduced? Are we know, can we get 
advantage because of these tariffs going forward? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: U.S. doesn't import yarn that much. So it doesn't affect so much. U.S. is importing finished 
garments, mostly fabrics. Yarn sizing, exports from China are to the countries where fabric is 
being made like Brazil, Egypt, Turkey, Bangladesh, Vietnam. These are some of the major 
countries and Pakistan. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And if I understand... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We are not affected by tariffs on the yarn side so much. 
Aditya: 
Got it, sir. Understood, sir. Sir, now if I have to understand the cost differential between us and 
the Chinese players, what would be the approximate cost difference advantage that they would 
have over an Indian player like us? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: They have their raw material costs. Our product is today around $1, $1.10 export price. And they 
have an advantage of $0.10 in the raw material, so 10% on the finished cost, they have the 
advantage. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And that is purely because PTA is imported in India, which they have a local source 
overlap. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Mainly because of PTA, which is short supply in India, and they have abundance of PTA rather 
they export a lot of PTA. So their cost and we have to pay a price, which includes transfer to the 
port, freight, clearance charges, everything. All that comes to around $100. That is what we pay 
extra over and above what the local in China gets the PTA. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Aditya: 
Got it. And now sir, if I have to understand, you have mentioned that there is sustainability 
initiatives going on around the world. So now if I have to understand, how do we color our 
fabrics? So is it using conventional methods using dyes or we use a dope dyeing method? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We make yarns only. We don't make fabrics. So we make dope dyed yarns. But people who 
make fabrics do both, they use dope dyed yarn, they color the fabrics also, they use dyed yarn 
also, everything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Reet Jain from First Water. 
Reet Jain: 
My question is regarding the recycling plant. So how are we going to source the waste material 
for the recycling plant? Is it sufficiently available or we need to set up the collection? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It is sufficiently available around Surat area where people use polyester yarn to make fabrics and 
process houses. So there is sufficiently available there. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. But that is for the one plant. But when we expand more, what are the... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We'll expand and we'll also develop the technology where we can use the used fabric. So then 
there will be no problem of availability. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. So going forward, you assume no... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Only problem is just sorting of the fabric. So we will develop that technology to sort out the 
fabric. We can use fabrics which have cotton or rayon in –it with polyester, which we cannot 
use fabrics which have nylon or spandex, 1%, 2% is okay, but nothing more than that. But these 
3 constitutes more than 95% of the fabrics. So there should not be any challenge in getting the 
raw material for the future plants. 
Reet Jain: 
Got it. And are we in talks with any of the clients for the recycling material to be supplied? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We are talking to some buyers. Directly, they will not buy, but they make us like a nominated 
supplier to the people who are making fabrics and garments for them. So we are in talks with 
some brands. 
Reet Jain: 
Got it. And one more thing. There is one company called Ambercycle, which has a tie-up with 
Zara. So how are we positioned against them? I mean is our cost structure lower than... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: They are still working, they have also not come out with a commercial production as of yet. So 
they have tied up with some company in Taiwan, I think, FMC, Formosa, I think. Once their 
product come, then only I'll be able to comment on that. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. Got it. And one more question regarding the steam power project. You say that on the 
INR85 crores of capex, we are going to save INR60 crores of cost. So just wanted to understand 
what is the life of this project? Are we going to incur again and again or INR85 crores is just 
onetime cost? 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, no, this is a onetime cost. Then there is a maintenance cost of 1.5%, 2% of the capex that's 
all. And the life of these pipelines and everything will be more than 15 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, if I just do a back-of-the-envelope calculation for your recycling project, sir, it's coming out 
to be $1.3 to $1.4 that we'll be charging to our customers. So is there a market for a yarn that is 
similar polyester yarn, but at a higher rate because it is recycled or as the technology... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, recycled yarns are being sold right now also at a higher price than the virgin. The price 
difference is roughly INR35, INR40 would be than virgin. 
Madhur Rathi: 
INR35, INR40 higher than normal yarn, right? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, what would be the margin potential for this project currently? And as we scale, where 
do we see these margins going? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We should have an EBITDA of anything upward of 30%. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, what would it -- so we have highlighted that due to this minimum import price, 
the fabric manufacturing is going in India. Sir, what would be the other triggers for realizations 
to go up or at least our margins to go up other than the cost saving initiatives that we have done? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, one is the power saving which will have when we are adding capacity. The third is the 
demand side will increase. So margins will increase in India. These are the main reasons -- 
demand of the yarn will increase. There are a lot of PLI schemes of the government. Those plants 
will also be operated. We feel that the demand of the yarn will be much more than what it is 
seen .today going forward. 3%, 4% extra demand can change the whole game in commodities. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Got it. So are we eligible for some kind of PLIs for a new expansion that we are doing of 
this  
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We are not eligible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritika Dua from Bandhan AMC. 
Ritika Dua: 
Just some basics. Firstly, what is our capacity today? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Our capacity today is roughly around 4 lakh tons annually. 
Ritika Dua: 
And that you are saying that would be increasing by 10% to 15% next year? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: 12%, 13%. We'll be increasing roughly by 48,000, 49,000 tons. 
Ritika Dua: 
Okay. And a similar run rate maybe in '27 or? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Ritika Dua: 
Okay. And obviously, because it's -- so it's the -- so we are not really obviously looking out of 
the current geography that we are in. So we are just expanding in the same geography that we 
are in today or other states we are in today. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. We are expanding in this. And the new, which we said recycling, which we are doing, 
that's a new venture. That's a 100% subsidiary of Filatex. That is the new thing which we'll be 
doing. And in future, once that is operational, we would like to grow in that because that will be 
unique to us. That's our own technology. And that is what the world is demanding these days. 
Ritika Dua: 
And sir, have we shared the -- sorry, if you already shared, if you can just again share the number 
on the capex for that new facility? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, INR235 crores is for the yarn manufacturing and around INR300 crores is for the recycling. 
Ritika Dua: 
Sure. Okay. So that's the 2 numbers. And sir, generally, on the... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: INR85 crores is for the steam and INR24 crores for green power from Torrent. 
Ritika Dua: 
Sorry, sir, I couldn't hear that. If you could repeat? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: INR85 crores for the steam project and around INR24 crores is for the Torrent Power, which we 
are taking, which will be operational from January 2026. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sasha Porwal an individual investor. 
Sasha Porwal: 
My question was how has your product mix evolved over the past financial year? And are you 
seeing any sustained demand shift towards any particular category? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Sorry, I couldn't get you properly. 
Sasha Porwal: 
So my question was how has your product mix evolved over the past financial year? And are 
you seeing any sustained demand shift towards any particular category going forward? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Are you talking about the production and the demand? 
Sasha Porwal: 
Yes. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. So production, I mentioned that we have capacity utilization above 95%, which is virtually 
full capacity utilization, barring some technical glitches in the year. And the demand is also good 
because we've been able to sold whatever we have produced. It's only the margins which are 
under pressure because the mismatch of demand and supply slightly is there. 
 
And also crude prices have been falling for the last 3, 4 months. So that also creates a pressure 
on the sales because prices are going down, so the customer is not buying freely. So once the 
crude prices like they have stabilized now, so the margins have started increasing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charvin an individual investor. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Charvin: 
So my question was that do you face any challenges from the e-commerce platforms with respect 
to margins since they all sell at a lower margin? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, no. We have no -- e-commerce is not a threat to us at all. Our products are not sold or traded 
on e-commerce. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj from Arjav Partners. 
Raj: 
Sir, overall, we are doing an expansion of around INR650 crores, right? So how are we going to 
fund it? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Recycle project, we are taking a term loan of INR200 crores, INR100 crores will be infused as 
equity from the parent company. And the INR235 crores, we will be taking a ECB of around 
INR125 crores, INR126 crores. Balance will be internal accrual. And rest of the other 2, it will 
be all under internal accruals. 
Raj: 
All right. And sir, I just kept a point. Earlier on the call, you said you are expecting 30% jump 
in EBITDA in FY '26 and in FY '27. Am I right? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, no. 30%, I said for the recycled project when it is on stream. Otherwise, for Filatex, I said 
first quarter will be slightly better than what we have achieved. And second half of this year, we 
should have around 10%. 
Raj: 
Sorry? Second half of this year would be... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: 10% in the second half of this financial year. And first half will be slightly better than -- I mean, 
maybe 150, 200 basis points better than last year. 
Raj: 
All right. And sir, for the INR250 crores. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Overall 30% increase in the EBITDA. If you see as an absolute number, last year, we did around 
INR257 crores. So 30% around over and above that, we should do a year as a whole in this year. 
Raj: 
In FY '26, -- all right. Overall in FY '26. All right. And sir, in FY '27, you are expecting another 
30% improvement in EBITDA over FY '26, right, due to all the expansions coming on stream. 
Maybe more I think. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Because we are adding capacity, we are also -- will be having power also, all these projects, 
which we are doing will be on stream. So we could have much better than 30%. 
Raj: 
All right. I think in FY '26, sales growth would be flattish, right? And in FY '27, we will see. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: There will not be much change in the top line. 
Raj: 
Much change in top line in FY '26. All right. So the change will be in FY '27 only. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It will remain similar. Yes. FY '27 definitely top line will change. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj from White Pine Investments. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Niraj: 
I just wanted to know on the capex of polyester side, is it back ended or front end? I mean the 
capex line will complete totally? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Mostly back-ended. I mean, in the latter half of the -- you just do ordering and then the second 
half of the time like from main capex will happen from next financial year. 
Niraj: 
And your capacity of the debottlenecking that you said of INR200 crores, you will be adding 
20% capacity on the yarn side? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Around 13% capacity, INR235 crores. 
Niraj: 
INR235 crores. Got it. So then -- so if the margins improve because of some demand 
improvement, so there's a 13% jump because of that and the remaining is because of the 
improvement in the industry scenario. Am I right sir? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Right. 
Niraj: 
Sir, but one more thing. Do you see this government reducing the import duty for polyester 
because that has been the biggest thorn in the entire India garmenting side. So any thoughts on 
that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Reducing polyester duty on? 
Niraj: 
Import duties on polyester -- and the BIS norms. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Polyester means what -- polyester is very big,  
Niraj: 
Sir, Polyester yarn 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It can be yarn, fabric, garment. 
Niraj: 
Polyester yarn. Yarn or the raw materials of that... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: yarn is just 5% duty, what they have introduce.. 
Niraj: 
Okay. And the raw material for that, the BIS, does it create a... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Raw material cost, 5% duty. So we are asking the government, make our duty 7.5%. So we have 
some protection because there are a lot of taxes which we don't get for that RODTAP was 
introduced. So we say when you recognize there are certain taxes which are not available to a 
local manufacturer against the imports. So there should be some safeguard. 
Niraj: 
Right. And is there a BIS norm in the raw material for the polyester that you manufacture? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. Raw material also, finished goods also, there are 3 finished goods. PTA and MEG is the 
raw material. They are both in the BIS. Then finished is POY, DTY, FDY. So FDY and POY 
are under BIS. DTY is yet to come. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Niraj: 
Okay. So 2 questions related to this. Do you see the BIS norms being relaxed for the raw 
materials? And do you see the BIS norms to be implemented for DTY? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So they are already implemented. This is not a problem of norms. It is that you don't can't import 
from China because government doesn't issue BIS certificate to Chinese. Norms are not a 
problem for anything. 
Niraj: 
Okay. So it's only the raw material difference in the import duty is what is the issue right now 
in the industry? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Solanki from Green Gov Securities. 
Rishi Solanki: 
Sir, given the high volatility in the raw material prices, how do you mitigate that risk? Do you 
hedge, work on long-term contracts? That would be my first question. And sir, second question 
is in reference with EcoSys project. Are there any plans to license this technology? And how are 
you planning to compete with global players like Loop Industries and Reliance who also offer 
recycled polyester? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Can you repeat, please? 
Rishi Solanki: 
Am I audible? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. 
Rishi Solanki: 
Okay. So my first question is, sir, the raw material prices is very volatile. So how do you hedge 
that risk? That would be first. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Okay. So raw material prices, we have annual contracts with the local suppliers and the prices 
are changing almost every week locally based on the international prices. As far as international 
imports are concerned, the price we have charged is the average of the month of import, but it 
evens out in the whole year. 
Rishi Solanki: 
Okay. And with the EcoSys project, sir, are there any plans to license this technology? And how 
are we planning to compete with global players? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Once our plant is operational, then only people will be interested to license. They would like to 
see it first, then we will see. We are open to that. 
Rishi Solanki: 
Okay. And plans to compete with Loop Industries and Reliance's recycled offerings? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Reliance is not doing any textile to textile. Loop Industries is doing, but I don't think they are 
coming with any plans of putting up a big plant. It's still in the air. I think ground reality, they 
have not started anything. This is what my feedback is. 
Rishi Solanki: 
Is there any help that you're getting from the government in terms of PLI and Mithra schemes? 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, nothing. We are trying, but as of now, nothing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshika from AV Fincorp. 
Darshika: 
My question was regarding the new plant recycling plant that is coming up. We had earlier 
highlighted that our capex is expected to be to the tune of INR300 crores. What is the amount 
that we've already spent on this? 
Management: 
Please speak slowly. We can't hear you. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Sorry, we are not able to get you what you are asking. Can you repeat it? 
Darshika: 
So my question is around the recycling plant. We had earlier highlighted that our capex is 
expected to be to the tune of INR300 crores for this. What is the amount that we've already 
spent? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So already, we have spent only around INR15 crores, INR16 crores. We've acquired land and 
some construction work has started and some few advances to small suppliers. That's it. 
Darshika: 
Okay. And major capex for this is expected to be spent in this year or the next year? Would we 
have a split of this? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Major capex will happen somewhere end of this financial year and early next financial year. 
Right now, only building and advances would be there. 
Darshika: 
Okay. So can we get total capex split for FY '26 and FY '27, sir? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We can provide you right now. I cannot give you that number off hand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Patil an individual investor. 
Nilesh Patil: 
I have 2 questions. The first one is on margin development, margin improvement, we can say. 
So in the PPT, we have mentioned that the import curbs and tariffs are likely to be -- act as a 
good pointer for margin improvement, but I deem it as an external factor. So I just wanted to 
check at the company level, what are the triggers that you see for margin improvement? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Like I said, we are working on reducing our power cost. That is one. And from time to time, 
product mix, we keep on changing as per the market to improve the margin. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Yes. But in the earlier discussion, we had mentioned that we are likely to touch double-digit 
margin in the H2 FY '26. And at present, we are about 6.5%. So bridging a 350 bps gaps, what 
will be the key growth and we can say that margin levels for the same? If you can highlight the 
point. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: This is the demand/supply. Main thing is demand/supply. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Okay. So you mean to say higher demand will partly we can say. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Demand will give us reasonable profits. Right now, our profits are such that we cannot plan to 
put up a new capacity. Any greenfield project will not come at these margins. The margins have 
to go to at least 12%, 13% to justify greenfield project. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Understood. Understood. Okay. And the second point, sir, I see there is a sharp increase in the 
other income in the recent quarter. It has grown 3x into Q-o-Q and year-on-year basis. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: There is some interest provision which we had provided that was written back, that's the major 
item 
Nilesh Patil: 
Sorry, sir, can you please come again? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Some interest provision we had made in earlier year that was written back. There was some 
interest to be paid to customs and all, so that we were not able to win the case and not need to 
pay. So that's why we have written back that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Solanki from Green Gov Securities. 
Rishi Solanki: 
So my question would be, do you see any strategic rationale to enter spinning technical textiles 
like geotextiles or B2C branded products where we can see better margins? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I didn't get you. Please can you repeat? 
Rishi Solanki: 
Sir, in the whole supply chain, do you think we can enter into some other places where the 
margins are better for geotextiles. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We definitely enter into other spaces. Right now -- but right now, the margins are not so good 
to -- I mean, want us to get into those places, new territories. The investment to margin ratio 
even in those areas is not very good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Vora an individual investor. 
Pratik Vora: 
Sir, for the financial year, the working capital cycle has increased. So what is the reason for that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I think debtors have gone up by 1 day and inventory also, you will see maybe 1 or 2 days. So it 
depends on the market situation in March, that could make a slight difference. It's not a very 
major shift in the cycle. 
Pratik Vora: 
Okay. So for the second question is mine that the debt is reduced. So for the current capex, will 
the debt is required or not? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I've already explained what debt we will take. 
Pratik Vora: 
So what will be the amount of debt will be required? And what will be the financial charges for 
that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: INR 200 crores we are taking for recycle and INR126 crores for the additional capacity in 
Filatex 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Vora an individual investor. 
Amit Vora: 
Sorry if I'm repeating something which has been spoken. Sir, you mentioned that ECB you are 
going to borrow. Any rationale behind that you are taking ECB and not taking Indian loan? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: ECBs are slightly cheaper than the Indian loan. 
Amit Vora: 
You would again -- would incur something on the hedging side as well. So that was the reason 
why I was asking. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Today, ECB from Europe would cost after hedging around 8% or below 8%. You can't get 
anything below 8.8% or 9% in India. 
Amit Vora: 
Sir, and you mentioned about 30% growth in EBITDA for next 2 years. Cumulatively, that 
comes around INR750-odd crores. So we would have enough cash flows -- sorry? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Your numbers are not correct. 
Amit Vora: 
Sir, you mentioned INR250 crores, 30% growth on EBITDA, which comes about INR330 
crores. And on that, another 30%, we get around INR430 crores. So cumulatively, both years 
together. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It doesn't come to INR700 crores in one year, total it will be more than INR700 crores. 
Amit Vora: 
Yes, I'm saying that cumulative exactly. Sir cumulative, we are going to get about INR750 
crores. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, cumulative, it will be more than INR700 crores. Yes. 
Amit Vora: 
So we should be very comfortable to repay off all these borrowings as well. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. So as and when we have these numbers achieved, we will not borrow, no. This is a line we 
are taking. It's not necessary to borrow. 
Amit Vora: 
Okay. And on the pricing side, sir, how is it moving Q4 to Q1 right now as we are already in 1 
month of Q4 -- FY '26. How is the pricing, sir? How is it moving? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Q1 margins are good, but there was some reduction in the raw material drastic when the crude 
has fell from $75 to $65. So there could be some inventory loss. But overall, we should be better 
than Q1 of last year, much better than Q1 of last year. 
Amit Vora: 
And even some improvement over Q4? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. 
Amit Vora: 
Sir, one more last question, sir, that you mentioned on the traded goods that were done in this 
quarter. If we hadn't done that, the margins would have been certainly better. Is that correct 
understanding? 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
April 25, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. Traded goods, we have a very small margin. There's some commitment that we need 
to fulfill. That's why we are doing it. 
Amit Vora: 
So if we were to remove that, the EBITDA margins would have been much better. Is that the 
correct assumption is what I'm trying to say. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. It will be much better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So sir, assuming current scenario and the tariff war and India is still higher power in the export 
market in made-based fiber product, I'm talking about product. I'm sorry, the cotton products. 
So do you expect manmade-based fiber product demand -- exports from India will increase in 
next say 3, 4 years and that benefit to all the yarn manufacturers, and what kind of support you 
want from the government? And what kind of support of the ecosystem you want in terms of 
raw materials and others? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, textile is not predominantly ruled by polyester. In the last 4 years, whatever growth in textile 
fiber has come, has come from polyester. So going forward, polyester demand has to increase, 
and if the demand for fiber increases, it is only polyester, which can provide. Cotton production 
is going down worldwide. 
 
There is no other fiber predominant, which can take up the space. You need at least around 4 
million, 4.5 million tons of extra fiber every year. China, which is growing for the last 25 years, 
has also stopped and slowed the growth in synthetic, which they were doing it. 
 
Now India being number 2, although we are very small compared to them, they are like 72% 
and India would be around 9%. So the additional volume India can take whatever share they 
would like, rest will go to other countries. India PTA plants are also coming. There are 2 PTA 
plants I already mentioned, which is a bottleneck. 
 
Third, Reliance is putting up a big PTA plant. So once the PTA is available locally, the margins 
will drastically improve. We are paying $100 more on PTA compared to China. Even if we get 
$50 that becomes around INR4.5, INR5 in the margin extra. Going forward, I feel polyester will 
do well, definitely. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Thank you all the participants for sparing their time and joining us for our con call and hope to 
get together again after the first -- Q1 '25-'26. Thank you so much. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Filatex India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
