 
 
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. 
8-2-337, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills 
Hyderabad – 500 034, Telangana, India  
 
CIN: L85195TG1984PLC004507 
 
Tel:       + 91 40 4900 2900 
Fax:     + 91 40 4900 2999 
Email: mail@drreddys.com 
Web:   www.drreddys.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (Stock Code: DRREDDY) 
BSE Limited (Stock Code: 500124) 
New York Stock Exchange Inc. (Stock Code: RDY) 
NSE IFSC Ltd. (Stock Code: DRREDDY) 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on May 9, 2025  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025, conducted on May 9, 2025. Also please note that 
this transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website and is available at the following link.  
 
Weblink: https://drreddys.com/cms/sites/default/files/2025-
05/DRL_Q4FY25%20Earnings%20Call%20Transcript_9May2025.pdf  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
K Randhir Singh 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer & Head-CSR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KUMAR 
RANDHIR 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
KUMAR RANDHIR 
SINGH 
Date: 2025.05.15 
20:38:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited's  
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. EREZ ISRAELI: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. M. V. NARASIMHAM: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. RICHA PERIWAL: HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
STRATEGY & CORPORATE ANALYTICS 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the Quarter 4 and full year FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’, on your touch tone 
phone. 
I, now, hand the conference over to Ms. Richa Periwal. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Richa Periwal: 
Thank you. Good morning, and good evening to all of you. 
Thank you for joining us today for the Dr. Reddy's Earnings Conference Call, covering the 
quarter and full year ended March 31, 2025. We appreciate your time and participation.  
Joining us today is the leadership team of Dr. Reddy's Limited, comprising of Mr. Erez Israeli, 
our CEO, Mr. M. V. Narasimham, our CFO; and the Investor Relations team. 
Earlier today, we released our results, which is now available on our website. We will begin 
today's call with MVN presenting the financial highlights for the quarter and the year. Following 
this, Erez will share his thoughts on the business performance. We will, then, open the floor for 
a Q&A session.  
Please note that today's call is a copyrighted material of Dr. Reddy's and cannot be re-
broadcasted or attributed in press or media outlet, without the Company's expressed written 
consent. This call is being recorded, and both the playback and transcript will be available on 
our website soon. 
All discussion and analysis in this call will be based on the IFRS consolidated financial 
statements. Additionally, today's discussion includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. For 
the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, please refer to our press release.  
Before we continue, I would like to remind everyone that the safe harbour provisions outlined 
in today's press release also apply to this conference call. 
Now I hand over the call to MVN. 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Thank you, Richa. Greetings to everyone, and I hope you are all doing well. I am pleased to 
present an overview of our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year FY25. 
Fiscal year 2025 was another milestone year for the organization, marked by strong financial 
performance. We achieved record-high revenues exceeding $3.8 billion and crossed the               
$1 billion threshold in Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) 
for the first time. Both revenue and EBITDA registered double-digit growth for the year. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
3 
 
Please note that all figures in this section are translated into US dollars, using a convenience 
translation rate of ₹85.43, the rate prevailing as of March 31, 2025. 
Revenue Performance  
Consolidated revenues for Q4FY25 stood at ₹8,506 crores, which is equivalent to $996 million, 
reflecting a year-over-year growth of 20% and a sequential increase of 2%. For the full year, 
revenues were at ₹32,554 crores and $3.8 billion, representing a growth of 17%. These results 
include contributions from the acquired consumer healthcare business in Nicotine Replacement 
Therapy (NRT), which added ₹597 crores in Q4 and ₹1,202 crores for the full year. The overall 
revenue growth was driven by this strategic acquisition and the contributions from our generics 
portfolio across geographies. Excluding sales of the NRT business, revenue growth was            
12% YoY for both the quarter and the year, and 2% sequentially for the quarter. 
Gross Margins 
The consolidated gross profit margin for Q4 was 55.6%, reflecting a YoY decline of                     
300 basis points and a sequential decline of 312 basis points. The decline was mainly due to 
reduced manufacturing overhead leverage and higher milestone income recognized in the 
comparative period. Gross margins for the Global Generics and Pharmaceutical Services and 
Active Ingredients (PSAI) segments stood at 59.3% and 26.3% for the quarter. For the full fiscal 
year, the consolidated gross margin remained stable at 58.5%, consistent with FY24. Gross 
margins for Global Generics and PSAI were 62.0% and 27.1%, respectively. 
Selling, General & Administrative (SG&A) Expenses 
SG&A expenses for the quarter amounted to ₹2,406 crores, which is $282 million, marking a 
YoY increase of 17% and remaining broadly flat quarter-over-quarter. SG&A as a percentage 
of the sales was 28.3%, representing a decline of 63 basis points YoY and 57 basis points QoQ. 
For the full fiscal, SG&A expenses amounted to ₹9,387 crores, which is $1.1 billion, up by 22% 
YoY. This increase is primarily driven by the recently acquired NRT business in the consumer 
healthcare segment, investments in other commercial activities and higher freight rates, 
impacting logistics costs. We continue to maintain a disciplined cost structure, while 
strategically allocating resources to strengthen existing businesses and expand into new growth 
segments.  
Research & Development (R&D) Investments 
R&D remains a key pillar for long-term growth. We continue to enhance our internal R&D 
efforts, with strategic external collaborations for innovation assets. R&D expenditure for the 
quarter stood at ₹726 crores, which is $85 million, representing a YoY increase of 6% and a 
QoQ increase of 9%. As a percentage of revenues, R&D investment was 8.5%, lower by            
118 basis points YoY and higher by 57 basis points sequentially.  

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
4 
 
Full-year R&D investment was ₹2,738 crores ($320 million), reflecting a YoY increase of 20%. 
The investment was largely focused on building a differentiated pipeline, spanning small 
molecules, biosimilars, complex generics, including peptides and novel oncology assets.  
Other Key Financials 
Impairment Loss is ₹77 crores in Q4 and ₹169 crores for the full year. The impairment pertains 
to certain product related intangibles from Mayne portfolio and other product related intangibles 
forming part of the Company’s global generic business in India and Europe due to adverse 
market conditions.  
Other Operating Income is ₹247 crores in Q4 versus ₹66 crores for same quarter last year and 
₹436 crores for the full year versus ₹420 crores in FY24.  
Q4 increase is primarily on account of reclassification of foreign exchange gain relating to 
foreign operations, from FCTR, the full form of FCTR is foreign currency translation reserve), 
post divestment of Shreveport manufacturing facility.  
The net benefit to P&L on account of FCTR reversal after adjusting severance and other one-
time costs is ₹121 crores. 
EBITDA 
EBITDA for the quarter was ₹2,475 crores ($290 million), registering a YoY growth of 32% 
and QoQ growth of 8%. EBITDA margin was 29.1%, an increase of 267 basis points YoY and 
160 basis points sequentially. For FY25, EBITDA stood at ₹9,213 crores ($ 1.1 billion), 
reflecting a YoY growth of 11%. The annual EBITDA margin stood at 28.3%, down from 29.7% 
in FY24, reflecting a decrease of 143 basis points. 
Finance Income and Profitability 
Net Finance Income was ₹235 crores in Q4 vs 102 crores in previous year and ₹472 crores for 
the full year as compared to ₹399 crores last year. Higher YoY income is due to net foreign 
exchange gains. 
Profit Before Tax (PBT) was ₹2,005 crores ($235 million) in Q4, up 25% YoY and 7% QoQ. 
PBT for the year was ₹7,678 crores ($899 million) for the full year, a YoY growth of 7%. PBT 
margin was 23.6% for Q4 as well as FY25. PBT includes ₹89 crores for the quarter and ₹101 
crores for full fiscal from the NRT portfolio. 
Effective Tax Rate (ETR) was 20.8% for Q4 and 25.4% for the full year. ETR for the quarter is 
lower due to reversal of previously recognized tax provision pertaining to prior years and FCTR 
transferred to the income statement is not subject to taxation. The full-year ETR is higher than 
the previous year, mainly due to the reversal of a previously recognized deferred tax asset related 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
5 
 
to land indexation and the recognition of a previously unrecognized deferred tax asset on 
operating tax losses, compared to the period ended March 31, 2024. We expect the ETR for 
FY26 to be similar to the current fiscal level. 
Profit After Tax (PAT) attributable to equity holders was ₹1,594 crores ($187 million) in Q4, up 
22% YoY and 13% QoQ, translating to a margin of 19%. Full-year PAT was ₹5,655 crores, 
reflecting a YoY growth of 2% and a margin of 17%. 
Earnings Per Share stood at ₹19.1 for the quarter and ₹68.1 for the full year. 
Based on the company’s performance, the Board has recommended payment of a dividend of  
₹8 per equity share of face value ₹1/- each, equivalent to 800% of face value, for the year ended 
March 31, 2025, subject to approval of the members of the company. 
Cash Flows and Balance Sheet 
Operating working capital as of March 31, 2025, stood at ₹12,590 crores, a reduction of ₹192 
crores compared to December 31, 2024, primarily driven by improved receivables management. 
Capital expenditure was ₹767 crores in Q4 and ₹2,699 crores for FY25. 
Free cash flow for the quarter was ₹1,110 crores and ₹1,332 crores for the full year before 
acquisition-related pay-outs.  
As of year-end, the company maintained a net surplus cash position of ₹2,454 crores (i.e., $287 
million) post NRT acquisition pay-out in September. 
Foreign currency cash flow hedges executed through derivative instruments as of March 31, 
2025, are as follows. An amount of USD 786 million has been hedged using structured derivative 
contracts maturing over the course of the next financial year. These contracts provide a minimum 
protection rate of ₹85.90 per US dollar, while retaining the potential for upside participation in 
the event of US dollar appreciation. An amount of RUB 2,500 million has been hedged with a 
minimum protection rate of ₹0.91 per Russian Ruble. These contracts are scheduled to mature 
within the next three months. 
With this, I now request Erez to take us through the key business highlights. 
Erez Israeli: 
Thank you, MVN, and a very good morning and good evening to everyone.  
Dr. Reddy’s delivered another year of robust performance, marked by highest ever annual 
revenues and profits. Fiscal year 2025 was characterized by double-digit growth across all 
business segments. During the period, we continued to strengthen our core generic businesses, 
while investing and building our three strategic growth areas namely - Consumer Health, 
Innovation and Biosimilars. Our efforts remained focused on driving operational efficiencies, 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
6 
 
strengthening our pipeline and enhancing organizational capabilities. In parallel, we executed 
on value-accretive inorganic initiatives to complement our organic growth, in alignment with 
our stated strategic objectives. 
I would now like to highlight some of the key financials for the fiscal year, as well as important 
updates of the fourth quarter. 
 
We sustained momentum and delivered healthy, double-digit revenue growth of 20% in Q4 
and 17% for the full fiscal year. 
 
EBITDA margins remained resilient, exceeding 29% for the quarter, and closing the full 
year at over 28%. 
 
Return on Capital Employed (RoCE) reached 27.7%, underscoring our continued focus on 
capital efficiency and value creation.  
 
We concluded the fiscal with a net cash surplus of USD 287 million, thereby enhancing our 
financial flexibility to support future growth initiatives. 
Our biosimilars strategy progressed this quarter through key strategic partnerships: 
 
We secured exclusive commercialization rights for the daratumumab biosimilar candidate 
from Henlius, in the United States and Europe, reinforcing our oncology portfolio. 
 
We signed an agreement with Bio-Thera to commercialize ustekinumab and golimumab 
biosimilar candidates, with a primary focus on Southeast Asian markets. 
 
The United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) also accepted the filing of our 
partnered denosumab biosimilar, marking a key milestone in our advancement within 
regulated biosimilar markets. 
The phased integration of our newly acquired Nicotine Replacement Therapy (NRT) business is 
moving forward as planned. The United Kingdom was successfully integrated at the start of this 
month and we are on track to complete the integration of the Nordics in the next phase. 
We are demonstrating our commitment to bringing innovation to India and improving healthcare 
access through strategic partnerships: 
 
We expanded our collaboration with Sanofi to introduce BeyfortusTM (nirsevimab), a novel 
drug for preventing respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). 
 
In partnership with ALK-Abelló, we launched SensimuneTM, an immunotherapy product 
for house dust mite-induced allergies.  
 
We commenced participation in the Government of India’s Jan Aushadi program with one 
of our products. 
We divested our Shreveport manufacturing facility in Louisiana, United States. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
7 
 
On the regulatory front, our API manufacturing facility, CTO-2, located in Bollaram, Hyderabad, 
received a Voluntary Action Indicated (VAI) status from the USFDA, following a successful 
GMP inspection conducted in November 2024. 
We continued to deliver industry-leading performance in sustainability, earning multiple 
recognitions for our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) initiatives: 
 
Our EcoVadis score improved to 73, positioning us among the top 15% of companies 
assessed globally. 
 
We were also honored with the ‘Climate Action Program 2.0 ͦ ’ award by CII, in the highest 
‘Resilient’ category within the Light Manufacturing Sector. 
 
Recognized in the ‘Leadership’ category on the Indian Corporate Governance Scorecard 
2024 by Institutional Investor Advisory Services. 
I will now walk you through the key business highlights for the quarter and the full fiscal year. 
Please note that all figures referenced in this section are presented in their respective local 
currencies. 
Our North America Generics business generated revenues of $418 million for the quarter, 
reflecting a year-on-year growth of 7% and a sequential growth of 4%. For the full fiscal year, 
revenues stood at $1,727 million, representing a 10% increase over the previous year. This 
performance was primarily driven by increased volumes in key products and successful new 
product launches, partially offset by price erosion. This quarter, we launched seven new products, 
bringing the total for the fiscal year to 18. We expect this launch momentum to continue in FY26. 
Our European Generics business reported revenues of €140 million for the quarter, reflecting a 
year-on-year growth of 142% and a sequential increase of 4%. For the full fiscal year, revenues 
stood at €395 million, representing a growth of 73% compared to the previous year. Our strong 
performance, driven by contributions from the NRT business, higher base business volumes and 
gains from new product launches, helped offset pricing pressures. Excluding the contributions 
of the NRT business, the European Generics business recorded a year-on-year growth of 29% 
and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 11% in Q4, and a full-year growth of 15%. This quarter, we 
launched 10 new generic products in Europe, bringing the total for the fiscal year to 39. 
Our Emerging Markets Generics business reported revenues of ₹1,398 crores in Q4, reflecting a 
year-on-year growth of 16% and a sequential decline of 3%. For the full fiscal year, revenues 
stood at ₹5,477 crores, representing a year-on-year growth of 13%. The performance was mainly 
driven by higher volumes and new product launches, partially impacted by unfavourable forex. 
During the quarter, we launched 26 new products across various Emerging Market countries, 
bringing the total for FY25 to 85.  
Within this segment, our Russia business posted a year-on-year growth of 27% in constant 
currency for the quarter, although it experienced a sequential decline of 13%. On a full-year 
basis, the Russia business recorded a growth of 24% in constant currency terms. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
8 
 
The India business recorded revenues of ₹1,305 crores in Q4, reflecting a double-digit year-on-
year growth of 16% and a 3% sequential decline for the quarter. For the full fiscal, the revenues 
were ₹5,373 crores, representing a 16% year-on-year growth. Excluding the contribution of the 
in-licensed vaccine portfolio, the business recorded a 6% growth in Q4 and for the full year, 
driven mainly by successful new product launches and favourable pricing. 
According to IQVIA, we have maintained our position as the 10th largest player in the Indian 
Pharmaceutical Market (IPM) and have marginally outperformed the IPM, with a moving annual 
total (MAT) growth of 8.4%, compared to the IPM’s growth of 8%. In addition to the Sanofi & 
Nestlé portfolio, we have launched 23 brands during the fiscal. 
Our PSAI business recorded revenues of $112 million in Q4FY25, reflecting a year-over-year 
growth of 13% and sequential growth of 15%. For the full fiscal year, revenues stood at             
$401 million, representing a growth of 12% compared to the previous year. The growth was 
primarily driven by increased volumes, contributions from new API launches and growth in our 
Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) business. During the quarter, 
we filed 52 Drug Master Files (DMFs), including 7 for the US, bringing the total number of 
filings for the year to 111. 
We remain committed to investing in our pipeline to drive future growth, further supported by 
strategic collaborations focused on innovation. Our R&D investments for the quarter amounted 
to ₹726 crores, reflecting a YoY increase of 6%, with a growing emphasis on complex assets 
such as GLP-1s and biosimilars. Additionally, we completed 95 global generic filings, bringing 
the total for the fiscal year to 249. 
In FY26, we will continue to expand and strengthen our core businesses, drive value through 
portfolio management, grow our presence in consumer healthcare, innovative therapies and 
biosimilars, leverage our commercial footprint and explore value accretive acquisitions & 
partnerships and maintain financial discipline to build a foundation for sustainable, future 
growth.  
With that, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants are requested to ask not more than 2 questions at a time and 
to re-join the queue, in case of any incremental queries. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press 
‘*’ and 1 to ask a question.  
The first question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on tariffs. Erez, given you speak to the 
policymakers and customers, what is your sense on the extent of tariff or to what level the tariff 
could be implemented on generics? Could it be in the API? Could KSMs be included?  

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
9 
 
And the second part is, given that Reddy's does not have any manufacturing in the US, what are 
the mitigation factors that we are looking, in case tariff is implemented for generics? 
Erez Israeli: 
Thank you. First, obviously, I wish I knew when and how much tariff will come. We are 
preparing ourselves for the scenarios, and we are, obviously, watching carefully the information 
as it will come. 
At this stage, the main effort is to ensure sustainability of supply. So the main activity, as we 
speak, is to work closely with our customers and see what is the need, in terms of future 
inventories as well as new product demand, identify products that may have supply disruption 
and try to help them to address it.  
We are all waiting to see what will be the new policies and accordingly, we will address. If the 
country of origin will be based on API or forms, I don't know. Most of the people believe that 
it's for API, but we will need to wait and see for formal communication in that respect. 
As for the production footprint in the US, I don't think that at this stage, the generic industry is 
having a short-term issue here. As a company, we would love to have a footprint in the United 
States. It just has to be the right asset. We are always looking for an asset, but we are not going 
to do, at this stage, specific activities to build footprint. If the right opportunity will come to us, 
we will be more than happy to engage it. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And based on your conversations with customers, would they be open to absorbing an impact of 
any potential tariffs, depending on how much it is? What's your sense of who bears the burden 
in case of the tariff? 
Erez Israeli: 
My sense is nobody wants to absorb the tariff. At least, I did not find any player that says ‘yes, 
I would love to’. I think what will happen is there will be a certain adjustment period in which 
people will have to work together to see what to do with it. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. 
Erez Israeli: 
So, it is primarily about working together. What I want to emphasize is that under any scenario, 
we will not create shortage of supply or supply disruption to the US market. This is very, very 
important to us. We want to stay in the United States for many years. And that's something that 
was also clarified in all of our discussions with our customers. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. My second question is on our cost base. MVN, given that our cost base has 
ballooned quite a bit, even though our margins are healthy, as we look at gRevlimid cliff three 
quarters out, how much flexibility do we have to actually reduce this cost once gRevlimid goes 
away? So just trying to get to how we get to the 25% margin. I know you have a lot of products, 
etcetera, which will come through. But from a cost perspective, how much flexibility do we have 
from an R&D and SG&A perspective to reduce cost? 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
10 
 
M. V. Narasimham: 
So, the gRevlimid’s patent cliff will happen in January 2026. Based on our current modelling, 
we will continue to have, based on what we have guided, sales double-digit growth and then 
EBITDA & RoCE 25% and above at this point of time. 
Neha Manpuria: 
But in terms of R&D and SG&A costs, would it still be at similar levels? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Yes, yes, R&D and SG&A will be in the similar zone. I think the SG&A now is like somewhere 
28% of the sales, R&D is 8.5% would be in the similar zone. 
Erez Israeli: 
So, Neha, the main way to do, is we are planning to just grow faster the sales than the expenses. 
This is one main, and we have the levers to do that in all the relevant markets. So, if you want 
I'll just put the levers, that will allow both the growth as well as the margins. First, we are 
planning to grow the base significantly faster than the expenses, while using all kinds of 
productivity measures on the cost. It's not a cost cut. It's all kinds of productivity measures. And 
of course, we are planning to have some nice products that are coming up, both semaglutide as 
well as the biosimilars that will come. And business development (BD), we are planning to 
continue to do BD, and we are engaging with quite a few opportunities mostly likely. So the 
combination of all of that, I believe that will help us to grow, cover also from the potential 
decline because of lenalidomide and to keep our margins. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And when you say double-digit growth, I assume is ex-gRevlimid? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes, we believe that FY26 double-digit growth is possible as well as maintaining the margins. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dr. Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity, and good evening. The first question on the gross margins, 
which has changed quite a bit dramatically on the Q-o-Q basis, and we have highlighted the 
reduced operating leverage. But as far as I see, our revenues have grown, right? So, I fail to 
understand how the operating leverage has worked the other way for us. So, if you can provide 
some more colour on that, it would be great. That's my first question. 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Thanks, Kunal. Here, one-off costs in this quarter are there as part of the manufacturing 
overheads, as per our policies, that's where it is impacted adversely. Like in the Shreveport plant 
we divested, we have had a severance cost. That is a onetime cost that impacts, which is part of 
the manufacturing overheads.  
The second, I articulated earlier, as compared to Q3, in Q4, our out-licensing income is lower. 
That will have a direct impact on the gross margin. That's why it is 300 basis points lower in this 
quarter. We believe this would be a one-off and then we will go back to our normal level. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
11 
 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Can you please quantify the severance cost one-time impact for this quarter? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
That we have not given right now, but it's not a very small amount. Maybe, if I have to say, out 
of 300 basis points, manufacturing overhead - this is one, plus another, our accounting provisions 
also. Overall, it has impacted 0.8%; 80 basis points out of 300 basis points. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
That's the severance cost. And then maybe another 50 basis points… 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Kunal, it is not the severance cost alone. There are other costs also. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. 80 basis points is one-off. And then the proprietary products milestone not coming is 
incremental to that 80 basis points? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Yes, that is one. And, then, a little bit on the inventory also, there is an overhead. Overall, put 
together, that all happened in one quarter, that's why you see there is 300 basis points. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sure. And just a related question. If I look at the NRT business, the PBT margin between 
the two quarters has a meaningful delta of around 500 basis points, right? So, is there a 
seasonality? And, when we look at this business on a full year basis, how should we think about 
this business? Because based on 2 quarters, it is really difficult for us to understand. 
M. V. Narasimham: 
So, for this business, earlier we have also spoken, our EBITDA margin is in zone of 25%. And 
why the fluctuation between Q3 versus Q4 - there are a lot of integration costs, that's where it is 
impacted. Otherwise, when you are modelling, the EBITDA you can take it at 25%. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay, sure. And, one question for Erez. If you could provide an update on our or GLP-1 or let's 
say, generic semaglutide product across various markets and also the abatacept product? 
Erez Israeli: 
Sure. So we are gearing up to launch it during the calendar '26, in all the markets that the IP 
landscape will allow us to launch. So, this is still intact, and we are progressing nicely in our 
preparation for that.  
As for abatacept, so far, so good. We are deep into the Phase III. And so far, it looks like the 
time lines are not changed. We were planning to submit the product somewhere in the end of 
this calendar year, end of '25, to be ready to launch the intravenous (IV), immediately after patent 
expiration. And the same for the subcutaneous, which will be coming a year later because of the 
patent related issue. So, once the IP landscape will allow us to launch it, we will do it. So far, so 
good. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Right now, it's Phase III which is currently going on, right? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. The Phase III is going on, and we are planning to submit by the end of this calendar year, 
by the end of '25. 
Dr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Perfect. I have more questions, I will join back the queue. All the best. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity. Please go ahead.  
Madhav Marda: 
Hi. Good evening. Just a follow-up to the previous question. Could you help us maybe 
understand the sizing of the generic semaglutide opportunity for us in markets such as Canada, 
Brazil, and the other larger Emerging Markets (EM) where it goes off patent next year?  
We, obviously, have invested in capacity for generic semaglutide. And, what we understand, 
looking at penetration rates in, let's say, Canada or Brazil, it is severely underpenetrated, because 
supply was short and obviously, it was at a very much higher price point. So, as some of these 
product supplies comes through and prices go down, how do we see the volumes expanding for 
this product, let's say, in Canada and Brazil? If you could give us some sense there, that will be 
great. 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So naturally, Canada is one of the markets that will open early. And what's stopping the 
people from launch is that exclusivity that will be finished in the beginning of January of '26. 
The product, to the best of our knowledge, based on the marketing report is growing nicely. And 
at least, in according to IQVIA and the financial reports, the market is around $1.8 billion, which 
suggests that it's around, give or take, 10 million pens. So, it's a very nice market. The CAGR is 
big. In some report, I saw 28%, in another report, I saw 39%. It's a very, very high level of 
growth naturally. And, when we saw the prevalence of the disease, versus the use, comparing to 
other markets, it looks like that in Canada, there is room for growth also quantity-wise. So, it's 
an interesting market. And once the IP landscape will allow us to launch it and assuming 
approval, we see ourselves as one of the companies that have the opportunity to be first or among 
the first in Canada. We are planning to do the same in India, in Brazil and the other markets, in 
accordance to, of course, to whatever the IP landscape will allow us. 
Madhav Marda: 
Okay. So, the 10 million pens which you mentioned, that's the Canada market size today, right? 
Did I understand that right? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. What I quoted to you, the numbers that I mentioned are the relevant reports about Canada. 
Madhav Marda: 
Sir, that's what I was trying to understand that this is at a much higher price. So, would you have 
any sort of sense, in terms of this 10 million pens - given that if you look at the obese population 
or the diabetic population in Canada - the size of the potential market can be, maybe, 3x, 4x, 5x. 
So, could give us some sense of how the market could grow? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So, I heard 5x, but my knowledge is not different than yours. They probably read the same 
report. The prevalence is still high. The use relative to the prevalence is still low. Now, is it 3x, 
4x or 5x, I don't know eventually what will happen. But clearly, that it is going to be an important 
product for Canada, and obviously, we are very keen on it. 
Madhav Marda: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
13 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question I have is on the gross margin drop. Price 
erosion was one of the reasons given for the gross margin drop. So, is it possible for the 
management to give us some understanding on what the US business price erosion is for the 
year? And how the US business has done for the year, FY26, excluding gRevlimid? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
So, this gross margin, the price erosion is on a year-over-year basis. And in US, I think, the price 
erosion is very stable. That's what we have put in the press release. We do not see any challenges 
even. In fact, the price erosion is like much lower during FY25 as compared to FY24. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And the US base business - how it has done for the year? It has grown? How has it 
performed? 
Erez Israeli: 
The US business grew. It grew very, very nicely. And, it's primarily due to the usual - new 
launches, market share gains. And, just to make sure that, in addition to what MVN said, the 
price erosion that was in the US was relatively low, primarily, as most of the products, I believe, 
exhausted the potential of the price erosion. So, it's normally when there is no price erosion in 
United States, it's not always a good sign. But, in our case, it was a very low single-digit price 
erosion within the fiscal. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Second question I have on gRevlimid. In FY26, I understand that January would be when 
the exclusivity is ending. But, if we consider the quota-related quantities which we would be 
booking before January, how should we expect the distribution to happen over the next few 
quarters? Is it evenly distributed? Or do you think that during the first half of FY26, we should 
expect gRevlimid sales to be booked? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, obviously, it's in accordance to the demand of the customers, but likely that we will finish 
what we can sell a few months before January, in order to make sure that our customers will not 
be with the goods on the shelf, in order to avoid the shelf stock adjustments. So, likely that we 
will stop few months before that. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Just last question, if I can squeeze in. We spoke on Canada market related to semaglutide. 
However, traditionally, we have seen generics capturing the branded market, where the 
prescription is typically marketed by the innovators. However, here, the market is severely 
underpenetrated. Do you think there would be any need for you to market the product, despite it 
being a generic? 
Erez Israeli: 
We believe that the demand from the customers will be strong enough that we don't need to 
market the product or introduce it to the market. What I believe can happen is that as the product 
will be much more affordable, and some of the use is without reimbursement, so, I believe that 
it will create an additional demand. But no, we are not planning to actively market the product 
as a brand. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Thank you so much, I will join back. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi. Good evening, all. Following up on gRevlimid, Erez, are you seeing any significant price 
erosion in gRevlimid as of now, compared to 6 months back? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, there is price erosion. There is also increase in quantity. So, it's a combination of both. I will 
not be able to tell you exactly the amount, as you know. But yes, there is a certain level of price 
erosion. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. And just to reconfirm what I heard earlier. I believe, you said that for financial year '26, 
you can do a double-digit growth and maintain the EBITDA margin at the same level of FY25. 
Did I hear that correct? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes, that's what I said. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. Okay. And once the gRevlimid cliff happens, maybe in FY27, the margins may settle 
down back to your long-term target range of around 25% or so. Is that how we look at it? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So, we always said the 25% is indication for the place that we feel comfortable to be, giving 
enough total shareholder return, but also allowing us to invest in the future. So, we will continue 
to aim for that amount. It may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Sometimes, it will be above, 
sometimes below. But yes, we are planning to be in this neighbourhood, also in the future and 
post the lenalidomide era. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. And one last question on capex. So this year's capex was, I think, more than double 
the previous year's level. Where has it mainly gone to? And for next year, what's the level we 
should look at? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
So, largely, the major capex is going in two fronts. One is for peptides, both to create 
infrastructure for both Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) and formulations and also to 
create the biosimilar facilities. Largely, these two are major investment driving factors. Apart 
from that, certainly, since we are in the complex molecule journey, there are product-specific 
investments as well. So that's where, I think, it is overall capex. And then you are asking for 
FY26. We believe, at this point of time, it would be in the similar range for FY26 as well. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, for the Europe market, FY25, was a great year. If you could sort 
of elaborate on the growth prospects for this region, ex NRT, as well for '26-'27 maybe? 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
15 
 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. I agree with you. Europe is a growing area for us. First of all, we are expanding to more 
countries. We are launching more products, primarily leveraging the pipeline for the United 
States. We are going to launch biosimilars in Europe, both rituximab, bevacizumab, and after 
that denosumab and abatacept. And we are planning obviously to grow the NRT business. So 
indeed, Europe is going to be an important growth area for us. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. Sir, as far as semaglutide is concerned, because it can be manufactured using 
biological route as well as synthetic route. Any colour, if you could share in terms of at least the 
initial countries like India, Canada, would they be okay to approve the synthetic route? And the 
competitive dynamics would be different, if that happens or do you think the competitive 
dynamics would be similar, even if it is approved, either through a synthetic route or a biological 
route? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So, we believe that the synthetic route can be approved for the injectable, for the pens. And 
the semi-synthetic route is going to be used for the oral product. And that's what we are planning 
to do, synthetic for the injectables and semi-synthetic for the oral. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, likewise, the price erosion basis competition would be higher for synthetic route? 
Erez Israeli: 
It, of course, depends on how many people will launch the product in each one of the markets. 
So, it's not so much because of the synthetic versus non-synthetic, it depends who has access to 
capacity, at least at the beginning, and who is going to obtain approval. So, in terms of 
competition, I believe that in some of the markets, they may have some advantage, where it will 
be, at least, for a short period of time or a longer period of time, depends on the scenario, less 
competitive, maybe less players that will be in the market. And thereafter, it will be very 
competitive, because many companies are having this product and they will compete for market 
share. At the same time, the product will grow. So, we are preparing ourselves for the scenario 
in which we believe that we have a chance for relatively limited competition, but as well as 
prepare ourselves for the scenario of high volume, low price, very competitive landscape. We 
are gearing for both. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on your India business, where you 
talked about 6% growth, excluding the vaccine business. So, how should we see this portfolio 
ramp-up happening next year? Any areas where you think the growth was a little lower this 
year? And then next year, how should we model this business for? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, you are going to see similar growth overall for India also next year. This year, we grew 16%. 
That kind of range of growth you are going to see also in FY26. Indeed, I want to emphasize 
that, although we highlighted the inorganic versus organic, but I want to highlight that most of 
our growth in India will be inorganic. We are licensing products, we are acquiring products. We 
are introducing innovation through that. So, it will not be by growing necessarily, only the big 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
16 
 
brands, and I will refer to it in a second, but primarily, by introducing products that have better 
standard of care. 
Having said that, most of our big brands from the past grew actually double digits. There are 
two areas in which we did not do as well. This is in cardiovascular as well as in Gastro Intestinal 
(GI). And, we also have mitigation plans for those, primarily, by adding more marketing 
resources, addressing the relevant products and introduction of life cycle management. So 
overall, between new products, innovation, dealing with those big brands that do not do well, 
we believe, that we will have a high double-digit growth in India next year. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it. And sir, my next question is with regards to the recent updates coming from the US in 
terms of a certain concession on the regulatory front being offered by the US agencies, as well 
as they talking about increasing the intensity of surprise inspections for plants based out of India 
and China. So sir, would love to hear your take on these developments coming from the US 
market? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So it's not new. Just this year, the inspection that we had in CTO-3 and CTO-6 were 
unannounced inspections. Our facilities are ready for it. This was always the guidelines in the 
United States for years that it's unannounced. So all of our facilities are ready for that. That 
actually is the guidelines for a while. And it will require people, that are not ready for that, maybe 
to upgrade their systems, but we are ready for it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Surya Patra from Philip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on the R&D spend front. What we have 
seen in the last two-year period, sir, there is a back-to-back ~20% growth annually on the R&D 
spend front that we have witnessed. So, could you give some visibility about the work that we 
would have done on the pipeline build-up front, and the likely investment on the R&D side going 
ahead? And what build-up that we would have created so far as the future pipeline or the growth 
pipeline for us? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
So here, of course, the R&D investments have been increasing in biosimilars. Like, for abatacept 
which is in Phase III, certainly, the investments are high. And then in case of our generics, we 
are continuously focusing on all the GLP-1s. I think, these are all the complex molecules and 
require a lot of investment. And Erez also had earlier spoken, that abatacept, once we file it, the 
revenues starts in calendar 2027.  
So, you will just see the revenues from all the efforts what we are doing now, certainly, a little 
later, it is not very far off, but definitely in the near term, you will see some of the products will 
start showing up the revenues. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shashank Krishnakumar from Emkay Global. 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
17 
 
Shashank Krishnakumar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to check with respect to gRevlimid, given the 
import alert that has been issued to the Viatris facility. So, could you see any meaningful benefit, 
particularly in the first half this year? Or is that largely a non-event, given that there are volume 
restrictions in place? 
Erez Israeli: 
I don't think there will be any impacts on us. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shrikant Akolkar from Nuvama Group. Please go ahead.  
Shrikant Akolkar: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. In the Canadian semaglutide market, there are 4 players who 
have filed. If you can talk about our approval time lines? And do you think that all the 4 players 
would be there in the Canadian market when the opportunity opens up? 
Erez Israeli: 
I, obviously, don't know who would come or who would not, but we are planning to be there at 
the date that the market will be open. 
Shrikant Akolkar: 
And the approval time line for us? 
Erez Israeli: 
Approval time lines will likely be a little bit before the date. So, somewhere in the end of this 
calendar. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Krishnendu Saha from Quantum Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
When I look at the European revenue for us, it sounds like UK has grown very fast. Is it because 
we have started selling NRT out there? And the NRT number which you give out, ₹1,200 crores, 
can I double that just to get the whole revenue for the full year? And the last question on 
gRevlimid. When we speak to Natco, they say that June, September could be a better quarter in 
FY26. Does it hold true for us also? That's it. 
Erez Israeli: 
So, you know I cannot share numbers or guidance on gRevlimid. So I can only say, like we 
always do, that it's going to stay a meaningful product for us.  
As for the UK, it is primarily due to relatively high level of launches of new products, plus we 
launched bevacizumab, also, in United Kingdom. So, the combination of both allowed us to 
grow in the UK. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
And the NRT, the run rate of ₹1,200 crores, is it that we simply double, that is what the number 
we get for the full year FY26? 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Yes. Certainly, give or take, that would be the range. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
And when do we start selling in the UK all by ourselves? It will be next year, is it? 

 
Q4 and full year FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
May 9, 2025 
 
 
18 
 
M. V. Narasimham: 
Yes, yes. Currently also, we are selling in UK and going forward also, we will continue to sell 
in the UK. But what the numbers we are reporting for UK are without consumer health. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Right. And if I just can squeeze in the last thing. On the GLP last launch, which happened in the 
US after Teva, 2-3 players have come in. Do you think the scenario could be the same when it 
happens for semaglutide when it launches in the US? I think, Biocon just got an approval or they 
have launched. So, is it possible that the market there are a lot of filers, but could be like 2, 3 
players like gVictoza or it will be large number of players out there? I am trying to understand 
the number of players in gVictoza are very less, even after Teva has come in and Novo Nordisk 
is gone. Because a large number of filers for semaglutide in Canada and India and all, do you 
think everybody will get an approval and there will be large number of players or like with the 
GLP in the US right now, gVictoza, there are only 3, 4 players. How do you think the landscape 
will be on the competition part, that's what I am trying to understand? 
Erez Israeli: 
We believe that the landscape of semaglutide will be very competitive. It could be a situation at 
the time of launch or around the time of launch, there will be people that may get the approval 
later or have access to the supply chain later. And, so, it will evolve. And those players that may 
come before and be there on Day 1 may gain first launch advantage. But overall, it's going to be, 
we believe, a very competitive market, and we are preparing ourselves in terms of cost, supply 
to high-volume, low-cost type of a product over time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Krishnendu. With this, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Richa Periwal for 
closing comments. 
Richa Periwal: 
We appreciate you joining us for this evening's call. If you have any further questions or require 
clarifications, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Once again, thank you 
on behalf of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
