 
 
                                                                                                                                                                Corp. office : 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A Block,  
                          Community Centre, New Friends Colony, 
                                                            New Delhi- 110025  
                                                            Ph.: 011-66561234 
26th May, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,            
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
         Mumbai - 400 051
 
Scrip Code: 532662 
     Trading Symbol: HTMEDIA 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Audited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended on  
31st March, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and 
Investors held on Tuesday, 20th May, 2025 in respect of the Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company's website at: 
 
https://www.htmedia.in/investor-relations 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HT Media Limited 
 
 
(Manhar Kapoor) 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
MANHAR 
KAPOOR
Digitally signed by MANHAR KAPOOR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=122018, l=Gurgaon, 
st=Haryana, street=FLAT 2, ACACIA 1, VATIKA CITY, SECTOR 
49, SOUTH CITY-II, GURGAON - 122018, HARYANA, 
title=5055, 
2.5.4.20=0c084d4207b0c3dbb4ffa0cfa9e4b8c1495ad5f7977
a160ba971717f4bc5234b, 
serialNumber=a81fc37164ecf09e7a9a7d17be888acfb99218d
6147eff1971f4899863059d6a, email=manhark@gmail.com, 
cn=MANHAR KAPOOR 
Date: 2025.05.26 12:05:38 +05'30'

    May 20, 2025 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group: Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
May 20, 2025 
 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Piyush Gupta: Group CFO - HT Media Ltd. 
Ms. 
Anna 
Abraham: 
CFO 
- 
Hindustan 
Media 
Ventures 
Ltd. 
and  
Head, Investor Relations - HT Media Group 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation - HT Media Group 
 
 

    May 20, 2025 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from the HT Media 
Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q4 and FY2024-25 earnings webinar. 
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode. After we are through 
with the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. 
                                                           
I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham, CFO Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
and Head Investor Relations, HT Media Group. Thank you and over to you, Anna.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you to 
the earnings webinar of HT Media Group for the fourth quarter and full financial 
year ’24-25.  
Joining me on today's call is Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group CFO, Mr. Pervez Bajan, Head 
Financial Controllership and Taxation and members of our Investor Relations 
team. We will be taking you through the highlights of the financial results of 
Hindustan Media Ventures Limited, which were announced yesterday, and the 
results of HT Media Limited released earlier today.  
Please note that our comments during this webinar will be in line with the 
presentation slides, which, along with the financial statements are available on 
the stock exchanges and in the Investor Relations section of our respective 
websites.  
Please refer slide 2, which is a cautionary statement. In line with our usual 
practice, we would not be sharing specific guidance on revenue or on earnings 
projections.  
The following slide presents our Chairperson's comments on the company's 
performance for the quarter and the full year, and I quote.  
“In the last financial year, your Company saw consistent growth in terms of both 
revenue and profitability in most quarters, indicating a broad-based upswing, 
especially in the latter half of the year. The improvement can be attributed to 
conscious efforts aimed at growing the business, incrementally higher pricing, a 
dip in prices of key commodities and cost rationalisation. The annual festive 
season saw increased spending by consumers, and this, along with elections in 
some states provided a conducive environment to growth in the second half of the 
year.              
In terms of annual consolidated performance, your Company’s total revenue as 
well as profitability saw a marked improvement. Our Print business revenue 
remained stable even as it saw a considerable rise in profitability. Our Radio 
business grew revenues on the back of a focus on on-ground events, although its 
margins remain under continued pressure. The Digital business, led by OTTplay, 
once again posted strong revenue traction, and also saw incremental 
improvement in margins on account of better cost control.    
Treating the just-ended financial year as a springboard, your Company is looking 
to keep the momentum going in the Digital business, build on the gains made last 
year in the Print business, and streamline the Radio business.  

    May 20, 2025 
 
3 
 
Your support and trust drive what we do. We're committed to delivering reliable 
news and meaningful entertainment that keeps multiple audiences informed and 
engaged.”  
Today's agenda will cover the consolidated financial results for the Q4 and 
FY2024-25. This will be followed by details of our Print, Radio, and Digital business 
segments. Following the presentation, we will open the floor for a Q&A session. 
With this, I hand over the call to Piyush.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks Aaditya, thanks, Anna. We'll be tracking the webinar on the screen. So, 
let's dive into it.  
So, the first slide is consolidated financial summary. As you can see, growth seen 
in overall revenue and profitability for the concluded quarter, as well as the fiscal 
year.  
On the left side is the quarterly financials. On the right side, you can see the 
annual numbers. Robust improvement in net cash position as compared to the 
prior year.  
So, total revenue on quarterly basis grew 12%. PAT grew 88% from INR 30 cr to  
INR 57 cr. On a full year basis, the revenue growth was 7%, and PAT came to a 
positive number at INR 20 cr, which is a substantial increase. And EBITDA grew by 
58%. If you see the net cash position, we have as of 31st March, cash in excess of 
INR 1,000 cr on the books.  
Diving into the Print performance, despite muted growth in advertising and 
circulation, segment profitability remains very strong, led by softer newsprint 
prices.  
So, as you can see, the ad revenues are flat to marginally declining across the 
quarter and year. But, if you look at the operating EBITDA margin, there's a strong 
growth, and quarter ended with EBITDA of INR 61 cr and on a full year basis, it was 
INR 121 cr, which is a growth of 67%. With a margin expansion, also, of ~400 basis 
points.  
If you break down the Print into Hindi and English. Let's look at the English 
numbers. So, y-o-y, the quarterly ad. revenues are flat, i.e. -1%. And on a full year 
basis, it's a growth of 3%. In circulation revenue, there's a decline of 27% for the 
quarter, and, on a full year basis, it's a decline of 14%.  
In Hindi, again, we see the softness in revenue continuing with the decline of 5% 
on a quarterly basis and a 4% on an annual basis. On circulation revenue, you see 
7% decline on a quarterly basis and a 9% decline on an annual basis.  
For Radio segment revenue improved driven by an increase of ‘on-ground’ events 
during the year, but margin, however, continues to remain soft. On the top line, 
you can see the quarterly numbers grew 72% to INR 82 cr, and on a full year basis 
to INR 204 cr, which is an increase of 30%.  
In Digital as you can see, strong growth in segment revenue both for the quarter 
and the fiscal year led by OTTplay and Shine businesses and segment losses 

    May 20, 2025 
 
4 
 
reduced during the aforesaid period. On a quarterly basis, revenue grew 35% to  
INR 58 cr, and on a full year basis to INR 212 cr, which is an increase of 38%.  
With that we conclude the presentation.  
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you, Piyush.  
                                              
We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the “Raise Hand” option, 
which will enable the moderator to unmute you for posing your query. Please 
introduce yourself before posing your query and kindly restrict to a maximum of  
2 questions per participant, so that we may be able to address questions from all 
participants. We will wait for a few moments while the question queue assembles.  
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumra. Please introduce yourself and 
ask your question. 
 
Mohit Kumra:  
Good afternoon. This is Mohit Kumra. My questions are specifically directed to 
HMVL and to OTTplay to get even more specific. So, in this quarter, we have done 
about INR 20 cr of revenue and we are losing about INR 1.30 for every INR 1 of 
sale, approximately. So, what is the rate at which you expect growth in the coming 
year in revenue? And at what point do we at least get to a 1:1, break even? Like, 
what is your estimate in this matter?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, we don't, give specific guidance on it, but broadly, as you can see, we have 
been, growing on a q-o-q basis, and the losses have also, reduced, from what we 
had reported last year. We expect to keep up the momentum on the growth side, 
given that, it's still a very nascent business from that perspective and hopefully by 
the end of this year, we should be in a break-even situation. But it depends, if we 
scale fast enough, we may invest more on the business as well. So, difficult to 
predict, but we would be looking to continue the growth momentum.  
 
Mohit Kumra:  
In the last call when I spoke to you, we broadly agreed that 1% of the paying 
subscribers in India is your baseline assumption, which is around INR 200-250 cr 
of revenue. When do we expect to reach this? You sound very confident, by the 
way, in your traction of the business, I must say. So, am I reading this correctly that 
you are very confident in it.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Hello Mohit, this is Piyush this side. So, look, Mohit, I think broadly because we 
don't give any guidance and we are investing behind a business in which we are 
seeing some traction on the top line, which of course is coming for a reasonable 
amount of cost. But if you are looking at one unit of revenue to a unit of cost, this 
year is definitely much more efficient than the year prior.  

    May 20, 2025 
 
5 
 
And I can absolutely bet that, next year will be efficient. Now, doing a crystal ball 
gazing and saying when will we reach a 1:1 unit, I can't say, but I can tell you the 
plans that we have put forward, drives efficiency much more aggressively, and 
that's because of the last 2 - 2.5 years’ experience that we have built into this thing 
and various efficiencies and productivity measures that we are driving. But can 
we tell you with some amount confidence that it's going to happen in three 
months, six months, or a year? We can't.  
 
Mohit Kumra:   
               But traction is definitely there. You are not disappointed?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Absolutely. If you see the 4th quarter’s growth versus the same quarter, last year 
and versus the 1st quarter this year, both in absolute number and the gradient of 
growth, you can see a difference. I just look at the first quarter's call versus this 
quarter's call on OTTplay.  
 
Mohit Kumra:  
 
Yeah, and do we expect similar growth going forward?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
                Well, that's the plan.  
 
Mohit Kumra: 
On your latest balance sheet, how much, and I'm only speaking of HMVL right 
now, standalone. What is the amount of ad-for-equity property which is sitting on 
your balance sheet right now? 
  
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, we don't give that number separately, but I can tell you, for quite some time 
now, substantial part of our ad-for-equity deals, are happening on the HMVL 
balance sheet. So, a substantial part of the properties and the risk and reward and 
the economics of that is sitting in HMVL's financials. 
  
Mohit Kumra:  
But you give me that number every year. I ask you every year and every year you 
give me a number. 
   
Piyush Gupta:  
Broadly, I will give you that number this year also. So, look, what I give you every 
year on a fully diluted basis our investment position will be, north of INR 1000 cr. 
Now those numbers are very high-level numbers. We will not be able to give you a 
diluted state, what's equity, what's convertible instruments, what's real estate, 
what's profit, what's the revenue, and so on and so forth, but a substantial part of 
that is sitting in HMVL for sure.  
 

    May 20, 2025 
 
6 
 
Mohit Kumra:  
So last year you confirmed that it was approximately INR 250 cr. Are we still 
around there only? I'm talking only of HMVL. 
  
Piyush Gupta:  
              I can neither confirm nor deny that. 
 
Mohit Kumra:  
 
Okay, thank you.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from the line of Yash R. Please introduce yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Yash R.: 
I'm Yash. Good afternoon. I have a couple of questions. First, to begin with, I was 
trying to analyse the numbers from a print perspective. I could see that the 
operating revenue is almost flat for HMVL, but I think HT English has done well. So 
where have you done well? Because in the presentation, I couldn't see that in the 
revenue itself.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, if you see in the presentation, we've actually called out the respective areas 
also. Hindi has not done well because of a large revenue from government in the 
base. Last year, prior to the national election, there was a fair bit of spend 
happening from the Government and so most, vernacular players, especially 
Hindi players, you would see have had a substantial revenue coming from the 
Government. Which is of-course not maintainable this year because the first 
quarter had the CoC also coming in and therefore most Hindi players have 
declined on the back of decline in Government revenue. Commercial revenue has 
grown even in Hindi. In English we have seen growth, because Government was 
not such a substantial component, and we've called out the growth in critical 
segments in our deck - as to which are the segments that contributed.  
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. Thanks for the information, but the question was slightly different. What I'm 
trying to say is that the revenues have declined, right? It is at INR 158 cr versus  
INR 159 cr for English. And even the circulation revenue has taken a beating of 
around 27%, but there seems to be an uptake in the operating profit. So, what has 
worked well, which is there on the cost side, which seems to be.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes, cost has substantially improved because if you remember last year was a 
year of heightened newsprint pricing and therefore most of the margin expansion 
is attributed to the savings in newsprint that's come through.  
Having said that, basis a mix of categories and absolute price increases there has 
been an overall yield improvement in advertising revenue despite growth not being 
that strong and therefore that has also contributed to the margins.  

    May 20, 2025 
 
7 
 
Yash R.: 
So, what has been improvement in yield in terms of percentage? 
  
Anna Abraham:  
We would not be able to quantify that for you, but there is a yield improvement.  
 
Yash R.: 
 
 
 And what about on the volume front? 
  
Anna Abraham:  
One will give you the other, right. So, we won't be able to give you the split.  
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. And also, what about the employee cost? Those have gone down in this 
quarter again.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
You're now referring to the Q-o-Q numbers? 
  
Yash R.: 
Correct, correct. It's at around INR 43 cr versus INR 46 cr in the previous quarter.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
This is consolidated, right? That is what you're looking at.  
 
Yash R.: 
 
 
That's correct, yes.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
This is previous quarter INR 114 cr and this quarter INR 108 cr., those are the 
numbers you're looking at?  
 
Yash R.: 
No, I'm talking about INR 43 cr, which is sitting in your HT  
 
Anna Abraham: 
You are maybe talking about standalone HMVL numbers that's the confusion. 
Consolidated HTML numbers are different. 
  
Yash R.: 
 
 
Okay. Okay.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
That's kind of, I mean, flat to marginal.  
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. And what about the increase in your other income, which seems to be from 
HMVL primarily?  

    May 20, 2025 
 
8 
 
Anna Abraham:  
That's largely treasury. We've had a substantial gain in treasury given that there's 
been favourable yield movement in line of rate actions as well as anticipated 
actions in the market.  
 
Yash R.: 
So, it's mainly yield is what you're talking about, right? The return.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
We were positioned to take advantage of the yield movements in the market.  
 
Yash R.: 
 
 
 Okay. All right. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Dear Participant, sorry to interrupt but may we request you to fall back in queue 
for any follow-on questions. 
 
Yash R.: 
Yes, alright thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from the line of Mehul Parikh.  Please introduce yourself and 
ask your question. 
 
Mehul Parikh:  
Good afternoon Piyush and Anna. This is Mehul Parikh here, individual 
shareholder.  
Yeah, so I had a question on the accounting side, primarily that is, say we are, we 
get around, annual subscription of, say, INR 2,400 from a OTT subscriber. And we 
are offering a coupon of 40% or 50%. What do we take as a top line, meaning in 
segment, revenue, do we take INR 2,400 and put INR 1,200 as expenses in the 
result or do we take net of INR 1,200 as a segment revenue?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
Net.  
 
Mehul Parikh:  
We take net as a segment revenue, right? 
  
Anna Abraham:  
 
Yes, Net. 
  
Mehul Parikh:  
And for MSOs also it works the same way?  
 

    May 20, 2025 
 
9 
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
For what?  
 
Mehul Parikh:  
For the large wholesale buyers like MSOs and the tie-ups that we do?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
Yes. 
 
Mehul Parikh: 
It works the same. Okay. And one more question. Hindustan AdVentures is an 
initiative of HMVL or is it under some other company?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
It is under HMVL.  
 
Mehul Parikh:  
               Okay, thank you very much. 
  
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Dattani.  Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
 
Jay Dattani:  
Yeah, this is Jay Dattani. I'm an individual investor. So, my question is, specific to 
the Radio segment. As you can see, there's a significant improvement in the top 
line in the Radio segment. But at the same time, the losses have also gone up 
quite significantly. So, if you can give us an explanation on that.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
We have actually called it out on the investor deck also to say that the increase 
has been on largely on the account of ‘on-ground’ events that we have done in this 
year. Unlike the core FCT revenue, where every increase in revenue falls to the 
bottom line because of the fixed nature of the business where the cost is mostly 
on the statutory fees side, when we go into the non-FCT streams of revenue, there 
is bound to be a related cost also associated with it. This year, we kind of 
experimented with certain scaled events and therefore the cost structures were a 
little higher than usual events that we do. Doing events is nothing new. It is that 
this year, we went for a couple of big initiatives, which is why you're not seeing the 
commensurate improvement in the profitability.  
 
Jay Dattani:  
All right and going forward, if you can give us kind of a guidance on that segment. 
  
Anna Abraham:  
The revenues still remain a challenge largely for the industry. So, while we are at it 
and we will see some level of growth, we believe the larger growth will come in line 
of non-FCT initiatives. That doesn't mean that it's only events. There are many 

    May 20, 2025 
 
10 
 
initiatives that we do, including ‘on-air’ properties, which we are focusing more on 
from a segment perspective.  
 
Jay Dattani:  
Alright, thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
  
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Good afternoon, Piyush and Anna. Congratulations on a positive set of numbers. 
I think after a long time, we are seeing such good numbers.  
Two questions. My first question is related to the segment results. Now, if you 
could just throw a little more granularity on the quarterly INR 47 cr number for 
Printing and Publishing compared to INR 26 cr last March. So, the delta of 21 that 
is coming from where is it coming?  
Other question related to segment results is that, on Radio and Digital, the assets 
deployed are INR 278 cr and INR 37 cr and the losses are INR 37 cr and  
INR 102 cr. In fact, the Digital, on INR 37 cr of asserts we are showing loss of INR 
102 cr. How do we interpret these numbers and, what do you make of that?  
Second question is, Hindustan Media, I was, a little taken aback yesterday that 
we have decided to invest in a company that is electric mobility related. We are 
not paying dividend there but investing in an electric mobility company. If you 
could explain the logic of doing that, being a media company.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Okay, Mehul, I'm going to take your questions in the reverse order. So, the first on 
the investment, it is not a cash investment, it is an AFE investment, so there is no 
cash being deployed for that investment. It's just that, it triggered disclosure but 
there is no cash being deployed in that investment. 
On the Digital business, on a full year, basis, we've actually reported INR 212 cr of 
revenue, with a loss, and, you can see that it's a substantial improvement versus 
last year, because, as we've been articulating and you've also seen an HMVL, 
there's a huge investment which is going in OTT, to kind of build a business, and 
this is the second full year of operations.  
And, we are therefore, seeing it as an investment and that is contributing to it. OTT 
also adds up to HTML, so it's both in HMVL and HTML, that's a big component 
which is coming. But OTT has significantly scaled in terms of revenue, which was 
the initial query from one of the participants as well.  
We are also seeing good healthy growth in Shine business, and we have seen it 
improve on the profitability as well.  
There is a smaller business also that we are investing on, which is our Mosaic 
business, where on the core product proposition, etc. also we have in this year 
done some level of investment, for scaling up for revenue going forward. That's 

    May 20, 2025 
 
11 
 
also forming part of this segment, but that investment is nowhere compared to 
the kind of investment we are doing in OTT.  
So, from INR 154 cr of revenue last year, Digital revenues have grown to INR 212 
cr, while the losses we have reduced from INR 114 cr to INR 102 cr. So now we are 
scaling the revenue but it's also at a lower loss position.  
Coming to, Radio we spoke about, that it is a mix of revenue which is impacted, 
and that's a very different scenario from the digital business. Unless the regulatory 
changes come in, there'll be some level of pressure on margins because that 
platform has not seen revenues come back, post-Covid to the extent say Print has 
or Digital has, etc.  
 
 
               
Piyush Gupta:  
On the Printing and Publishing segment, this entire uptick that you are seeing, as 
Anna was explaining earlier to another participant, there's been a lot of work 
which has been done on yield, which has given a lot of operating leverage and 
which is falling to the bottom line. So, it's all print which is driving the uptick in 
profitability.  
 
Mehul Pathak:  
 
When you say ‘yield’, I do not exactly understand what it means.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, there's newsprint savings on one hand, and there is advertising price. When 
we mean yield, we are actually talking about pricing of advertising. It's termed as 
yield in the industry. And basis the categories that we have seen contributing this 
year as well as conscious price correction that we have been on, which Piyush 
has been talking about since last year.  
We managed to make inroads there and therefore the revenue that you're seeing 
in Print is despite volumes being negative in the market. So that means that we 
have been able to improve the pricing on our revenue. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Just a follow-up question is that on Digital and Radio, at this rate, we'll wipe out, 
6% of net worth, almost every year. So, is there any thought on the run rate of the 
losses in the next few years, how much it will come down?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
If we need to build businesses, businesses are difficult to set up within two years, 
so therefore, there will be some level of investment that we have to do if we have 
to make inroads into a new business segment, which is what OTTplay is, and to 
establish it.  
What we've been able to demonstrate is that we are scaling up by reducing losses, 
and we hope to be on that journey but the intent is to build businesses and 
therefore we will see some more investment before the returns come through in 
that.  

    May 20, 2025 
 
12 
 
Radio, while it is a loss, it's not a significant number at this point of time, and we 
did see breakeven. Then basis mix when we scaled up events, we saw some 
negative and the hope is that we will bring it back to break even or to positive 
sooner, in the near term itself. That's a different story. Digital, of course, we are 
building businesses, so we will have to invest a bit before we can achieve that.  
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Thanks, Anna, but, and please take a look at ENIL numbers. ENIL has reported a 
fantastic set of numbers on Radio.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Actually, we have seen those numbers. The profit growth is not there for them, and 
for DB profit growth has declined actually, while both of them have the advantage 
of being in non-metro, which is actually growing faster than metro while we are a 
metro player.  
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Thank you very much.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash R. 
 
Yash R.:  
So, I was just asking this question about your employee costs, which have actually 
gone down versus previous quarter. It was INR 114 cr in Q3, which ended on 
December 2024 versus INR 108 cr now. So why is there a reversal in this quarter 
because normally that happens in the first quarter.  
 
Anna Abraham:  
In some businesses we've had some rationalization, so therefore that accounts 
for part of the difference and yes there could be some reversals, in the quarter. 
And also, Q3 is a festive quarter, so there is some level of incentive, etc. which 
gets paid off which is not a run-rate number.  
 
Yash R.:  
Okay. Got it. And again, in terms of HMVL now I know I spoke about, I asked this 
question earlier as well. But does other income of HMVL include some profit on 
sale of AFE investments as well?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
Yes, it does.  
 
Yash R.:  
But the larger gain is on account of yield is what you said, right? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
This year, there is a substantial profit on sale of AFE also, but yes, the larger 
component is treasury.  

    May 20, 2025 
 
13 
 
Yash R:  
 
 
Okay. Got it thank you.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. If you have any 
further queries, please reach out to the Investor Relations team. Our contact 
details are given in the investor presentation and are also mentioned on our 
websites. I now hand over to Piyush for closing remarks.  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thank you, Aaditya. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q4 and full 
year FY25 call. We are pleased that some of you like the set of numbers that we 
published. We hope that this trajectory will continue. We've already drawn our 
annual plan, which is a growth plan and basis which we will strive to do our best 
to get greater performances. And investments in future looking businesses that 
will create long-term sustainable value for all shareholders is something that we 
are at, and we will strive to do our best. With that, thank you so much and we look 
forward to seeing you in the next quarter’s call.  
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
