        
 
 
 
 
Date: 03.06.2025 
 
To, 
The General Manager,                               
Listing Operations 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,    
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Stock Code: 532891 
The Manager,                                                
Listing Department,                                                       
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Stock Code: PURVA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
We write to inform you that the transcript of the earnings call held on Friday, May 30, 2025, on the 
Audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025, 
is enclosed herein. 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Puravankara Limited 
 
 
 
(Sudip Chatterjee) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F11373 
SUDIP 
CHATTERJ
EE
Digitally signed 
by SUDIP 
CHATTERJEE 
Date: 2025.06.03 
09:54:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Puravankara Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH PURAVANKARA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MR. MALLANNA SASALU – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, SOUTH, PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT RASTOGI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
WEST AND COMMERCIAL ASSETS, PURAVANKARA 
LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK RASTOGI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MR. NIRAJ GAUTAM – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSH PATHAK – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Puravankara Limited’s Conference Call, 
hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Yes. Thanks, Manav. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global, I would like to 
welcome the Management and thank them for this opportunity.  
We have with us today Mr. Ashish Puravankara – Managing Director; Mr. Mallanna Sasalu – 
Chief Executive Officer, South; Mr. Rajat Rastogi – Chief Executive Officer, West and 
Commercial Assets; Mr. Deepak Rastogi – Group Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Neeraj 
Gautam – Deputy Chief Financial Officer. 
I shall now hand over the call to the Management for the opening remarks. Over to you, 
gentlemen. 
Deepak Rastogi: 
Thank you. So, I am Deepak Rastogi, thanking you all for joining our Earnings Call to discuss 
the performance for 4th Quarter and Financial Year ended '25. I would like to thank our host for 
today's Earnings Call, Emkay Global Financial Services. The Results and Investor Presentation 
have been uploaded to the Stock Exchange, and I hope that you have had the chance to review 
them. 
Now, let me first start with some brief highlights about the sector performance and outlook, 
followed by our financial and operational performance for the quarter. 
Despite global headwinds and geopolitical uncertainty, India continues to demonstrate a 
remarkable resilience and stands out as a compelling growth story. The last quarter has 
reaffirmed India's position as the fastest-growing major economy, supported by prudent fiscal 
policy and strong domestic consumption. Recent RBI repo rate cuts, liquidity measures, and 
fiscal incentives are expected to improve credit availability and drive demand, especially in real 
estate. 
On the real estate front: 
The residential market continued its strong momentum with over 88,000 units sold during Q4 of 
Financial Year ‘25 across the top 8 cities and more than 350,000 units for the full year. Pune and 
Chennai led the growth for these increases, while Mumbai recorded steady demand. These trends 
reflect the resilience of Indian housing sector supported by urbanization, rising aspirations and 
favorable policy support. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
On the commercial side: 
Office space absorption crossed 70 million square feet across six major cities, driven by demand 
from GCC, which is Global Capability Centre, and hiring momentum, which was reported by 
Savills India. Bengaluru continues to be one of the head start, especially on this. Both residential 
and commercial real estate are benefiting from favorable micro trends with steady leasing 
activity and upbeat buyer segment. As a company, we are aligned with India's growth story, 
focused on prudent expansion, operational excellence and customer consensus.  
Puravankara is well-positioned to capitalize on these trends with a robust launch pipeline of over 
13.5 million square feet, planned for Financial Year ‘25-'26, aiming at centering our presence 
amid a consolidating market. 
Now moving on to the company's financial and operational highlight. For Financial Year ‘24-
'25: 
quarterly sales was Rs. 1,282 crores and for the full year it was Rs. 5,006 crores, while sales 
volume was 1.42 million square feet for the quarter, and for the whole year, it was 5.67 million 
square feet. Customer collections for Q4 stood at Rs. 946 crores, and for the financial year, it 
grew by 9% to Rs. 3,937 crores from Rs. 3,609 crores, which is the last financial year. 
Average realization also witnessed healthy growth for Q4. Average realization stood at Rs. 9,031 
per square feet, up 9% year-on-year. For the full year, it improved by 10%, up from Rs. 8,035 
to Rs. 8,830 for this year versus last year. We have achieved our highest ever sustenance sale 
during this year with a total value of Rs. 4,223 crores, marking a 14% growth over the last year. 
In terms of geographical sales contribution: 
Bengaluru led our sales with 56% followed by Chennai, Mumbai and Pune, which was close at 
around 17% to 15%. Notably, Mumbai and Pune saw a significant rise in contribution in terms 
of the overall sales, which grew up from 6% to 15% versus last year. This is actually driven by 
our growing presence in the west. With recent acquisitions and redevelopment projects in 
Mumbai totaling over Rs. 9,500 crores in GDV, we expect this momentum to continue. 
Our launch pipeline remains strong with approximately 13.5 million square feet of planned 
launches. It is important to highlight that non-Bengaluru projects now constitute 54% of our 
ongoing developments and 52% of our planned pipeline. Mumbai and Pune together account for 
about 21% of the planned projects, underscoring our focus on diversifying the portfolio across 
high-opportunity markets. 
On the business development front: 
We made significant progress during this financial year with land investment of approximately 
Rs. 1,284 crores, which added almost 8 million square feet of our development portfolio, 
representing a GDV value of Rs. 13,000 crores. These strategic investments have further 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
strengthened our pipeline and position as well as position us for sustained growth and value 
creation in the coming years. 
In May, we basically have announced a JV with KVN, Property Holding Limited LLP for 
approximately 25 acres land parcel located in North Bengaluru with a potential GDV of Rs. 
3,300 crores and a planned saleable area of approximately 3.5 million square feet. This 
development marks a key addition in our portfolio in a high growth micro market and is expected 
to launch within the next six months. We successfully launched our much-awaited Project Purva 
Panorama in Thane, Mumbai, with a total development potential of 3 million square feet, with 
estimated GDV of Rs. 4,000 crores, commencing with Tower C, which covers 0.52 million 
square feet. 
On commercial portfolio: 
Currently we have 3.2 million square feet of development underway, with nearly 2 million 
square feet expected to receive OC during this particular year. We have two projects, one is 
Zentech and Aerocity. And they both are in Bangalore. And these two projects are expected to 
generate a surplus of Rs. 1,870 crores, making a significant value creation opportunity for the 
company. 
Coming back to the Quarter 4 of '24-'25: 
The total revenue clocked was Rs. 564 crores. EBITDA margins for the quarter was around 9% 
while we had a net loss of Rs. 88 crores. Given that, as you are aware that, we had delays in 
terms of getting the approvals, and hence, the handovers were actually delayed. However, given 
the cost, which was there already, that being a period cost, it got accounted for during the quarter. 
Similarly, for the year ended '24-'25, the total income stood at Rs. 2,933 crores, with a total loss 
of Rs. 186 crores for the year. The pre-sales value for Financial Year ‘25 was Rs. 5,006 crores. 
The sales and marketing expenses and overheads incurred for the pre-sales have been entirely 
charged to P&L as per the accounting policy as for India. 
Operating cash flows for Financial Year ‘24-'25 stood at Rs. 4,342 crores, up 10% Y-o-Y. We 
have delivered approximately 3.09 million square feet during this year. Further, we are expecting 
to receive occupancy certificates during this year, which is '25-'26 for key projects, such as 
Capella, Atmosphere, Oakshire, Adora De Goa for which we have already secured OCs for a 
few phases in the last quarter. These projects together account for a total saleable area of 
approximately 3.95 million, with a total GDP value of Rs. 3,200 crores, of this approximately 
Rs. 2,600 crores have already been sold to our customers. 
Coming to our debt position: 
As on 31st of March 2025, our net debt stood at Rs. 2,949 crores with a net debt equity ratio of 
1.7x. We also had a cash balance of Rs. 732 crores, which reflects a strong liquidity position and 
gives us the comfort to manage operations smoothly. We continue to stay focused on managing 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
our finance as well. Our aim is to gradually reduce debt per square feet especially for projects 
under construction. We also are exploring funding options as we have been communicating with 
you, like QIP or platform level partnerships to keep our capital structure balanced and support 
our growth plans. 
To conclude: 
While Financial Year ‘25 post challenges in the former deferred launches and approval delays, 
we made decisive investments in land and business development that have strengthened our 
growth runway. Our sales performance and collection efficiency reflects operational resilience. 
As a marked 50 years of Puravankara, we are proud of our legacy and energized by the 
opportunities ahead. With a strong pipeline, key projects completion and strategic land 
acquisitions, we are well-positioned to deliver sustained growth and long-term value creation 
for our shareholders during this year and beyond. 
Thank you for patiently listening. We will now open the floor for further questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Deepak Purswani from SVAN Investments. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Yes. Hi, Good evening, sir. My first question is to Mr. Ashish Puravankara. Sir, just wanted to 
get the sense, I mean with the resignation of Mr. Abhishek Kapoor in the month of May. If you 
can give the broader sense of how we are looking into the organizational structure at the first 
place? Secondly, if you can touch base on the broader aspect in terms of the growth and also the 
aspiration, I mean, where we should see this company over the longer trajectory point of view, 
and what would be your approach towards the capital allocation policy from the long-term 
perspective? That is my first question. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
Okay. I think, just in terms of the organizational restructuring, we just believe that instead of 
having a very tall structure where we had the MD, then we had the Group CEO, and then we had 
regions and we had different businesses, in order to get more operational efficiency, cost 
efficiency, process efficiency, a regional structure, the organization will benefit a lot more from 
efficiency and cost as well, both. So therefore, the new structure is where we have a CEO for 
the South region, who manage the entire South business. We have a CEO for the West region, 
who manages the entire, and both then report into the MD.  
 
So a more sleeker structure, so a lot of cross-learning otherwise that were happening, which was 
not happening, will start happening now. Cost efficiencies earlier while we had duplicated a lot 
of departments within different verticals of brands, today those you will see some benefit coming 
out of that. So, it was a long-term discussion that we were having and eventually we put it into 
play and we strongly believe that it will do great efficiencies as well as cost. 
 
In terms of growth aspirations, we continue to focus on the markets where we are present, which 
is Bombay, Pune, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore, so these are the key markets, where we 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
will continue to expand. As a business, you are aware, I think our focus and strength also has 
been residential, so that will continue to be our focus area. Surprisingly today, the brand is very, 
very strong. We have been able to secure and I think the asset test is when you enter a new 
market, A, when you launch a new project and the kind of sales that you sort of receive being a 
new brand in that city, I think has been extremely encouraging. 
 
In addition to that, in terms of business development, we have been able to secure Marquee 
locations in new markets, even like Bombay. So, for example, the project that we have secured, 
most of the society redevelopment that we have secured, which is extremely prime, one being 
Breach Candy, the second one being Pali Hill in Bombay. If you are aware of the Bombay 
market, the third being Lokhandwala. And each one of these cases, we were competing with the 
number one, number two in the city. Eventually, I think we were able to position the brand, and 
these customers are also highly discerning, right? So they understand real estate, they understand 
brands, the entire team, the SGBM team made a trip to Bangalore, saw the quality, saw the 
differentiation, or even the vision in the product that we bring around. And therefore, we were 
able to secure these projects. All these projects that we speak about have been secured, DA has 
been signed, it has been registered. In some cases, we have submitted our plans for sanction. In 
some cases, they are in the final stage of designing. So, this is extremely, extremely encouraging. 
 
So going forward, we will continue to focus on these markets. And as far as commercial is 
concerned, also, today, we have a strong portfolio, and these are very good locations. And that's 
what's very encouraging of 3.2 million square foot, out of which I think about 2.5 million is on 
the Bellary Road, which is a new sunrise destination in Bangalore. If you understand the 
Bangalore micro market, the Ring Road is completely congested, Whitefield is congested, and 
everyone is now looking towards the New Airport Road, right? So, two of our largest projects 
are coming up on that Airport Road. One will be ready by December. We are already applied 
for RFPs, and we have visits already on. So even that aspect of the business is looking very 
positive. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And sir, just continuing on that part, I mean, previously, we were communicating that 
historically, we have grown at a 30% CAGR in the last five years. And we would continue to 
look into this kind of growth. How should we see this trajectory at the current juncture? And 
also, any thoughts in terms of the debt reduction at the current juncture, if you can share your 
broader thought process how we are looking to reduce the debt over the next six to 12 months? 
Ashish Puravankara: 
Sure. I think I am positive. I do not want to give you any forward-looking statements, but I am 
with the kind of projects that we have secured. Yes, there has been some approval delays. Like 
for example, in Bombay, there's an NGT issue, if you are aware. All the builders are stuck. The 
case is going on in the Supreme Court. So, we have really secured some Marquee projects. I 
think this coming year, the next 12 months, you will see some extremely big bang launches 
across Bombay, across Bangalore and other cities, right? So that in itself I think, we should be 
able to better the growth trajectory that we have. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
In terms of capital allocation, one important thing that we are also doing is, even in terms of land 
acquisition strategy, I do not think we are in any aggregation mode. So right now, we are looking 
at ready projects where we are able to give advances and take them to market within six months. 
I think the minute you are able to do that and get your land assets into production, I think that's 
the key, that's our business that we are in, as opposed to aggregating smaller pieces of land, 
incurring holding costs, etc., etc. So that's a clear strategy, A. 
 
B, we have also very consciously started sort of, we have had a land bank for a long time, for 
some reason we were acquiring new lands. So if you see the last two, three launches, Deansgate 
for example, right, so two, three launches have been a part of our old historic, so that's a land 
bank. So, that's another thing. So, the minute you take these projects to launch, automatically the 
cash flows from these projects, etc., you are going to see that debt number significantly come 
down. Of course, we are a business, we are in real estate, there is a requirement for capital for 
growth to buy land, etc. There, I think we will be opportunistic to look at a combination of, what 
do you say, joint development and outright, right? 
 
Bombay, there is a benefit, where today society redevelopment per se, while these are large 
Marquee high value projects being society redevelopment. You do not need huge upfront capital 
in that sense, right? So for the existing society, your investment, which is essentially your land 
cost to build their area, you are spending it over four years. So even there, it's a relatively lesser 
upfront requirement for capital. So I do not see that number going up extremely significantly. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And then moving to the operational part of the business, just wanted to check it out. I 
mean, in terms of the approval, see, I mean, last year also we had a launch pipeline of 14 million 
square feet, and eventually we ended up launching only the 3 million square feet out of the entire 
14. I do understand, I mean, there has been some approval issue in the last year. Now this year, 
we are also looking into the 13.5 million square feet in terms of the overall launches. Out of this 
inventory would be 9.25. If you can share your thoughts where we are in terms of the approval 
and how confident are we that these projects will be launched this year comfortably, or if you 
can give a broader sense. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
In a broader sense, I am fairly confident, obviously. So it's not been stagnant, right? Obviously, 
there is a delay, but none of the approvals I can assure you have been stagnant, which means that 
from last year to this year, they have not moved, right? Now, for example, Lokhandwala and I 
think, Thane, both are affected by NGT. Now, entire Bombay and those areas, all developers are 
affected by it. My sense is, and those are high value projects. My sense, what I am getting from 
CREDAI as well, is that there should be some sort of a resolution come September, right? So, 
in terms of planning, everything done. In terms of base approval, everything done. In terms of 
NOCs, airport, etc., that's all done. But for the want of that NGT, the minute I get that NGT, then 
it's a matter of two months. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
I will just add to this one, Ashish, if with your permission. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
Sure 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
So, here it is. Basically, you asked three questions, and I was just wondering on those three 
questions. The first one is about the way forward. And we have positioned our company in a 
very unique way compared to any other organization. That is, we have created two brands, that 
is, Purva and Provident, and we have created two geographic locations, South and West, so that 
we are very focused in our approach as to what we want to do going forward. Because as you 
know that real estate development is a business, is a localized business, and you need to have 
local competencies to run the business. 
 
So, as you know that the South business that what we have currently, that when it comes to now 
the operational efficiency and other things. I will just reel out some of the things that what we 
are trying to do and where we were a little bit disadvantaged by a few things that happened in 
the South, because we are predominantly, currently as the West is picking up, today we are 
South-based business, out of which more than 50% of our revenues have come from Bangalore 
alone. 
 
In Bangalore, the numbers that what we have reflected is, are for two reasons. One, about the 
launches, the other one is about the handover. When you look at the launches that what we were 
supposed to do, the launches got delayed for various reasons, for various rules and regulations 
that are being currently altered. As we speak, there is another government order which is coming 
up, which is making more changes. So, we got a little bit delayed there. 
 
On the handing over, Karnataka went into a very new method of actually giving the Khatas, 
which is called the e-Khata, which for millions of documents had to be redone and reconverted 
into an electronic format called e-Khata and that was put into a line. So, we all were waiting in 
the line to get the Khatas because of which we could not register. Unless we register, we cannot 
get the revenues recognized. 
 
At the same time, today when we are looking at the expenses has gone up, expenses means that 
we do not call it as an expense, we call it as an investment. For example, if there are four projects 
which are ready to get launched and under approval, means they are already, that is the marketing 
office, sales office, marketing initiatives, the monies that have already been spent, the spend is 
actually not an expense, it is an investment which is going to be coming out as a product and as 
an outcome over the next three, four years. 
 
So just to give you a few of the things is that. So we got a project in Bellandur in Bangalore, 
Puravankara Winworth in Kochi, and Grand Hills Phase-1 and Phase-2, and then Apna Ghar 
redevelopment, and which Rajat probably is going to add to that, Hebbagodi, Westend, Hennur 
Road and Kanakapura Road. These are not something that we are saying that something that's 
going to happen tomorrow. These lands have been acquired, fully paid for, almost 70%, 80% of 
the NOCs received, and only these things are because of the town planning and other things 
wherein they got little bit changes that came into play. They were stuck, and in fact, as a matter 
of fact in the last quarter of the last year that the year went by, we were supposed to have 
launched three or four projects, which got either it will be in the first quarter or the second quarter 
of this year. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
So looking at all these things and whatever the debt that we are talking about with the surplus of 
Rs. 15,000 crores and which is more than 5x the debt that we have, we feel it very, very 
comfortable as a company. And with our focus, particularly, Mr. Rajat Rastogi being there in 
the West, taking care of the Western region, very focused and who has got that much of in-depth 
experience in that region. And his experience in commercial, we got 3 and 4 million square of 
commercial, which he is handling, and of course, in the South that we are there. I think the 
company is in great shape. And today's result, today in my opinion is probably it's at a level 
where it is supposed to take off from here. And that is what I would like to convey to the 
investment community. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And finally, just wanted -- 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Deepak. Can you please request you to rejoin the queue? 
Deepak Purswani: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We have our next question from the line of Premsingh from AC Choksi 
Brokers. Please go ahead. 
Premsingh Rajput: 
Yes. So I would just like to ask, what has sales growth been from the last 12 to 18 months, and 
could you also repeat what is your current debt profile? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
So I will tell you, versus last year we were down in terms of sales around 8% versus last year, 
but overall from a launch perspective, we have been growing for the last five years, we have 
been growing at a CAGR of close to around 25%. So, this year has been an anomaly, we intend 
to continue with similar growth plans. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
I think one highlight there is, I think one needs to appreciate that our annual sales numbers comes 
from two buckets, which is your ongoing projects and your new launches. So in terms of our 
sustenance and ongoing projects, I think we have done much, much better than last year. So, that 
just shows how strong the brand is, the market sentiment and our sales efforts, right, the bone 
fruits from our sustenance launch projects. Any miss in sales that have happened is on account 
of those delayed launches, which from last year has now gone into the following year and like 
Mallanna explained, we are all there almost in the final stages of getting the approvals. 
Rajat Rastogi: 
And Ashish, just to add to that point is that our sustenance sales has come at a price increase, so 
there has been a decent price increase across all our sustenance projects. So, there is a 
profitability also that has been kept in mind. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
Yes. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Our sustenance has gone up from Rs. 3,689 crores in FY24 to Rs. 4,223 crores in FY25, where 
there has been a struggle is a little bit of that extraneous thing that with regards to the approvals. 
Today, we are sitting on a pipeline of 6.53 million square feet of approvals that are in advanced 
stage in various locations and of various sizes, and more than eight projects which are ready for 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
the next year. So, I believe that investment that what we have made so far in bringing those 
projects to that level will yield good results going forward. 
Premsingh Rajput: 
Yes. And also another question, how do you exactly propose to enter and solidify your presence 
in South Bombay's market? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
Rajat, you may want to take it. 
Rajat Rastogi: 
So, our thought process are in Mumbai market is around two lines. The first line of thought 
process is a redevelopment where we already have secured Marquee assets across multiple 
regions in Mumbai, be it West Mumbai or be it Pali Hill, or in also as well in South Bombay. 
So, that is going to be one part of our strategy. 
 
The second part of the strategy is to acquire land parcels on outside basis or on JDA basis, where 
we have done a recent acquisition in Thane, which is around 12.77 acres that we took over. We 
have also sold one tower, we launched one tower in the month of March and we got very 
encouraging response, and we sold at a premium to the market in Thane. So, our strategy is 
going to be dual strategy and we continue to focus on the strategy. Of course, every asset that 
we are taking and every redevelopment that we are focusing on, we are focusing on the 
profitability aspect of it. So, until the location is a Marquee location or the project comes out to 
be a Marquee project, we will only focus on those ones. So, that is what the strategy is. 
Premsingh Rajput: 
Yes. Okay. Thank you so much, and all the best for the next quarter. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Thank you, sir. 
Rajat Rastogi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Mr. Shah from Shah Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr. Shah: 
Sir, out of the Rs. 12,000 crores, Rs. 1,200 crores we spent on land acquisition. If you can share 
what is the estimated timeline we are targeting to convert into entire GDV of Rs. 13,000 crores? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
The question you have is that, Rs. 1,284 crores we have invested, what is the timeline to go to 
market, right? 
Mr. Shah: 
Yes, correct. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Basically, what you are asking is that, you are asking about the Rs. 1,284 crores of investment 
that what we have done. The resulting of that is what basically any project in our real estate takes 
from anywhere between 8 to 12 months to bring to the market. Depending on the size of the 
market, the maturity period, the sales period is around 2 to 2.5 years, and the project completion 
period is 3 to 3.5 years, 4 years. So the collection will be between 3.5 to 4 years, so that 
realization will happen over that period. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Ashish Puravankara: 
But just to reaffirm, I think in terms of the acquisition strategy, all these new investments are 
for, our projects which are sort of ready, which can be the minute we paid this money, we have 
already started the designing. So from a timeline perspective, the plan is to take this to market 
within whatever around 8 months to 10 months to take it to market. So none of this is aggregation 
or this is not a future investment. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
As Ashish was saying that in previously that we do not get into the aggregation mode. These are 
ready to develop, which means that the land would have been converted, land would have got 
all the necessity, land level approvals that are required would have been finished, only for the 
development level approvals would be pending like the MOEF and building plan approval and 
so on and so forth. 
Rajat Rastogi: 
And just to add for the reaffirmed projects, all our projects are into multiple stages of approvals. 
As Ashish clarified that all the DAs have been done. In fact, we are looking at a launch in quarter 
3 for one of our projects. So all of the projects are in the pipeline right now for launches. 
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. In fact, assuming all of the land cost is recognized upfront, in earlier accounting was same, 
but now we can see across the geography from last five years realization are growing up and up 
from 4% or 8% year-on-year. But we are still maintaining our margin guidance between 25% to 
30%. If there are any changes where we want to revise the topology or something like that, 
because we own the traditional landline. I mean, many district players are now revising margin 
for your reporting margin to the sort of 40%. 
Deepak Rastogi: 
We could not actually understand your question. What is it that you want to understand 
Ashish Puravankara: 
I think we do not give guidances but I think your sort of assumption is right and I think it will 
be in line with most other real estate developers. I think with the kind of acquisitions that we 
have done, we should see those margins improve. 
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. One thing I want to understand that we are recognizing land as a raw material to us, correct 
sir? 
Niraj Gautam: 
Yes, sir. Land is an inventory. It's a cost of the project. 
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. So just from the accounting perspective I want to understand, from last 10 years, we have 
recognized the revenue worth of Rs. 18,000 crores and we have paid taxes somewhere between 
Rs. 400 crores only. So, this effect is because of the land cost we are recognizing upfront and 
that helps us to compounding the taxes. 
Niraj Gautam: 
I think we can answer this question offline. You send us mail; we will respond to you. As far as 
accounting is concerned, though the day we buy land, we treat it as an inventory. However, it is 
charged to the P&L only when I recognize revenue. The day we recognize revenue, that day the 
cost of land, including the cost of construction, put together becomes the cost of the product. 
And that is charged against the revenue. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
The tax is against monetization, tax is not against holding or buying the land. So, upon 
monetization then that will be recognized and taxes paid. 
Niraj Gautam: 
If you drop us a mail, we can able to answer it better because tax regulation over a period of time 
has changed. Still, tax we are paying on the basis of the POC computation. However, the revenue 
recognition happens basis of the handover. So, there is a little bit of anomaly versus the 
companies, the way we are putting profit and the way we are computing income tax profit and 
then we are paying tax over it. 
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. And sir, let's say, next FY '26 or '27, you are looking for the similar kind of land 
acquisition on absolute amount? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
So, we do not give guidance and obviously we will be looking for growth for sure and we will 
want to maintain similar kind of a growth. So, you can expect obviously land acquisitions.  
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. Earlier you mentioned that we have some 40 million square foot of land every time we 
wanted to be in inventory, so do you want to maintain that? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
So, the current land bank currently is around 25 million at this point in time. This is what under 
development is, or it will be planned over a period of time. So, we will continue to work on it. 
That's the way the current status is. 
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. Just for last question from my side. Any other reason of Mr. Abhishek Kapoor to resign, 
or he is joining any other? If you can explain a bit. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
No, there is no other reason for Mr. Kapoor to resign. Like I said, there were two things that 
happened almost parallelly. A, also the view of reorganizing it region wise was one. And also, I 
think at that point of time, even he was sort of some personal reason, even he wanted to look at 
some opportunity, what we are told is outside the country. But yes, there is no other reason. 
Mr. Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. 
Ashish Puravankara: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Yes, sir. I have a few questions. So after Q4, what is the sustenance inventory that we are left 
with in value terms? Just to confirm, is it the same Rs. 6,500 crores as we have mentioned in the 
presentation? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
That's correct. 
Neeraj Gautam: 
That is correct. Yes. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Harsh Pathak: 
Great. And sir, so in Q1, I guess, we are having one launch, Mallasandra. So what will be the 
size in value terms and at what stage are we with respect to the launch? And when can we expect 
the launch to happen? 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
So, all the approvals have come and even the development plan and other things have already 
been approved. And it's gone to the last level of the building plan approval is in process. NOCs 
are all in place and you should be looking at in the second quarter that the launch will happen. 
Harsh Pathak: 
No, no. So Mallasandra would be in the second quarter or the first quarter itself? 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
So first quarter in the sense that is only one month left, one month left. So I believe that 
depending on its little what can I say, it's uncertain when you go to the government. And so, we 
may start with some kind of an expression of interest program and other things in this month, 
but we will be officially launching it in the second quarter. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. And how has been the sales velocity so far in the quarter? Just because I guess we are left 
with the sustenance inventory itself. So any thoughts on that? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
So I think we will not be able to comment on it, Harsh. You know that, right? 
Harsh Pathak: 
Yes. Sure. But the velocity is going fine. I mean, I am just trying to gauge the demand sentiment 
on ground. That's where I am coming from. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
No, I think the demand sentiment is good on the side, on the ground. Whatever the project that 
we are there is, okay, just if I have to put a reverse corollary to that one that you are asking, 
whether we are maintaining the same momentum. So I can assure you that, I think the momentum 
is continuing and the market is still continues to behave well, and people are still wanting to look 
for good opportunities from listed players. So wherever we have the stock that we continue to 
do at the almost same place. Without putting a number for this thing, yes, I can say that that 
much I can say that. We are continuing to do well. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. And sir, with coming to the commercial side, I guess how should we look at the Zentech 
asset, are we looking to lease this asset, or we would be selling it? And just in case, we are we 
are looking to sell it when can you expect the transaction to get completed? 
Rajat Rastogi: 
So for the Zentech asset our strategy is dual we are looking at both leasing and sale primarily 
sales as of now. And as we speak we are already seeing good traction in our sales volumes over 
there. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. So, this is largely been focused from a sales perspective. 
Rajat Rastogi: 
Yes. 
Harsh Pathak: 
And what would be the total size of this asset maybe if you are selling it? 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Rajat Rastogi: 
Our share in the total asset is close to Rs. 6.5 lakh square feet. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. And leasing side at the Aerocity asset? 
Rajat Rastogi: 
So Aerocity is overall a 2.3 million square feet asset. We are looking at a 1.2 million OC by 
December this year. And right now, we are filling lot of RFPs and getting very, very encouraging 
response from Grade A companies. So yes, we are hoping that we should be able to announce 
our leasing very soon. 
Harsh Pathak: 
And are we able to command the rentals better than the market, or we are going at the market 
rate itself per year? 
Rajat Rastogi: 
Yes, we are. We will be hitting at the slightly better than the market rate because the quality of 
the product that we have put in is a Grade A Platinum rated product, and it's much better than 
the what the market is offering. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure, sure. And just maybe a couple of questions more. In Mumbai, you highlighted there is this 
NGT issue, I mean we have been hearing since quite some time. So, how are we placed in terms 
of approvals mainly at the Lokhandwala asset? Do we expect some launches to get delayed 
because of this and what stage are we with respect to the approvals at all the projects in Mumbai, 
if you can take up project to project please? 
Rajat Rastogi: 
So, on our Mumbai portfolio, just since you started with Andheri, Lokhandwala, our approvals, 
excluding the NGT which is MOEF, everything is going as per the plan. We are in the final 
stages of securing IROD, but however, this NGT issue is pending in Supreme Court, so it will 
be difficult for me to give you any timeline for that. But we are hopeful that, by September this 
year, that this problem should get resolved and then we can apply for MOEF and look at a launch. 
Simultaneously, our redevelopment portfolio for other projects also the plans have been 
submitted or in the final design stages, so we are looking at a quarter 3 to Q4 launch for all our 
projects. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay, okay. Sure. Just one last one. In terms of completion timeline for some of the key projects 
in this year, where are we currently with respect to these projects? And if you can highlight some 
key projects that are getting completed and when can we expect the revenue recognition for 
them? 
Rajat Rastogi: 
Deepak, would you like to answer that? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
That is actually part of the ICP already. We have provided some of those details when we are 
going to get that. So especially like there is a comment that we have already received partly 
some of the OCs for a project called Atmosphere, Oakshire, Capella and Adora De Goa. So the 
full OCs would get received during this year, again. And I am sure that we will be able to at least 
see some of the handovers coming through. So we are not expecting any like the way we have 
expected last year. We are not expecting that. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Harsh Pathak: 
Okay. So, close to Rs. 3,000 crores is what we will recognize in the revenue this year? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
Yes, yes. But the sales have already happened. Almost Rs. 2,600 crores worth of sales have 
already happened in those projects actually. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure. I was just looking from the accounting perspective. Sure sir, these were my questions. 
Thanks a lot for taking up. 
Deepak Rastogi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Deepak Purswani from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Yes. Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. So firstly on the project delivery perspective, I 
mean this year project delivery has again come down to 2,500 versus 2,600. So has there been 
any delay in terms of completion of any project if you can give a broader sense? 
 
And the second part of the question, if I am looking into the operating profit in the P&L, I mean 
since last two quarters it has come down to the single-digits. So just wanted to check it out, any 
cost escalation has been booked into this particular project? And when we are looking into the 
huge quantum of project delivery, which are coming in next year, what kind of the run rate we 
should be looking it out? 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Project delivery is a function of the burn and I think so far in this year we have constructed more 
than Rs. 1,500 crores of money has been spent only on the construction. And also, the projects 
which as Deepak was mentioning, those projects which are about to get the OC. In some of the 
projects that we have received OC as well, but because as was saying that because of the Khata, 
e-Khata issue that delivery to the customer got delayed. So, the two parts to this one, delivery to 
the customer after the paperwork, and the other one is the construction part. I think that with the 
effort that has gone in this year and without giving too much into the numbers, I can say that 
next year looks good for good handover and revenue recognition. 
Deepak Purswani: 
And in terms of the upcoming projects which are coming for the delivery, how should we see 
the operating profile margin for these projects? And is there any cost escalation? 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
It's healthy in terms of the way that whatever the currently that we are doing and that's probably 
slightly better than what we have achieved so far. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Has there been any cost escalation booked during second half of this year on the construction 
side? 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
There is not much of a cost escalation that has happened in our books. And in fact, we have been 
able to keep the cost of construction to the estimated cost of what we had. So, operationally we 
feel that we are in control. As soon as these things will resolve, the handover will start and then 
you will see healthy margins, I think. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And finally, just wanted to check it out on the interest cost component and from the cash 
flow perspective this year, it is at Rs. 478 crores, and even on the P&L it is Rs. 550 odd crores 
on a rate of even if I were to consider gross rate of Rs. 3,800 crores, right? So just wanted to get 
the sense, I mean how should we see these numbers from the next year perspective, even on the 
cash flow perspective or something of that sort, if you can throw some? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
Yes. Deepak, as we have been telling you, we are expecting obviously the cost should come 
down given the handovers and everything, the cash flows which would actually come up going 
forward given the investments we have made so far, even though we will continue to do it. So 
we expect those things to obviously get, I am sure that we are getting to a level wherein it has to 
only deliver and come down to that extent. So we will see how best we can actually handle it. 
But given the growth aspirations we have currently, obviously we will continue to repay the old 
debt, but at the same time for our growth aspirations or on land acquisitions we would continue 
to do that. 
 
If we are able to at least raise some equity from the marketplace which you have been telling all 
of you, so then we would be able to at least take those steps to do it. The other steps which we 
are doing is more of an obviously equity or a platform funding which will come as part of equity. 
So we have been communicating and talking to the investors and let us see how it basically pans 
out. So the idea is to continue to have the debt under control, which is there already. In fact, the 
residential debt per square feet has actually come down, overall so it has come down. But 
because of the commercial development as well as the land acquisitions, it looks like the debt 
continues to go up. But from a residential perspective, whereas the debt has come down for the 
year as well. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. That's it from my end, and congratulations to Mr. Mallanna and Mr. Rajat Rastogi, and 
wish you all the best. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Thank you very much. 
Rajat Rastogi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shivang Joshi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Hello. Good evening, sir. I have been resting to your direct cash flow slide, since reported 
numbers are not a proper way to gauge your profitability. I am trying to gauge profitability from 
direct cash flow slide only and taking operating surplus as a percentage of collection. 
Historically, the trend has been pretty decent, but off late, I mean, FY '25 numbers particularly, 
it seems that I am just dividing operating surplus by direct collections. It seems to be below 20%. 
I am just trying to understand what is your outlook for operating surplus to go up? I mean, 
because this should rather mimic EBITDA margins of 25%. Also, this is before the land 
apportionment. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Deepak Rastogi: 
Yes. We will not be able to provide you the forecast. But definitely, if you were to see our 
historical numbers, the collections have consistently gone up and we are confident that a similar 
thing will continue going forward also. In fact, this year, the current year can be very, very good 
given the kind of launches and the handovers, which we would actually, we are expecting. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Okay. Yes, sir. Go ahead. 
Niraj Gautam: 
So, now I was saying, the operating surplus is closer to the margin, but not necessarily here. 
What happens is, some quarter over here, if I am going to spend more money on construction, 
doing the faster construction of some project, my operating outflow will be a little comparatively 
higher than the scheduled outflow, and thereby the operating surplus will be less. So, if you look 
at our P&L also, this financial year, we have incurred on a direct construction of Rs. 1,500 crores. 
Compared to the previous financial year, our construction has spent, which is directly developing 
a project is more, and these are part of our operating outflow. And hence, there will be a little 
bit of deviation in terms of operating surplus, but it's not impacting the projected or estimated 
margin of a project. 
Shivang Joshi: 
So, we can expect a directional improvement, not asking for guidance, but directional 
improvement in operating surplus going ahead. 
Deepak Rastogi: 
That is correct. 
Neeraj Gautam: 
Correct. 
Shivang Joshi: 
That is the first part. Second, on the debt, I understand your net debt equity seems higher, because 
the net worth, the denominator itself is not a proper indicator, it is impacted by the reported 
losses, which are not actual losses. But the overall net debt number itself seems to be an 
obviously, reasonably high number. What is your take on a comfortable, absolute net debt 
number going ahead, if you can speak on that? 
Deepak Rastogi: 
We do not give a specific number or guidance towards how much will be the number, but what 
we do is that the overall debt per square feet, especially for the residential, should not go up, let's 
say, for Rs. 1,000 per square feet, right? So, if you have an ICP, you can see our debt per square 
feet for residential and land has actually not gone up, right? It is within the control. 
 
We have also repaid some of the Resi debt. However, we have invested in land, and we have 
also invested in the commercial asset for development, because there is no revenue coming from 
that. And hence, it looks like that overall debt is coming up. So, that is the anomaly, but we have 
provided this information in our ICP, how the debt movement is. We are not definitely looking 
to increase the debt per square feet for the Resi business. 
 
As far as the commercial is concerned, as Rajat was mentioning earlier, once the asset comes up 
for either LRD or sale, obviously, we will see dramatic improvement in those debts as well. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Shivang Joshi: 
Perfect. And lastly, I will connected question to debt. You mentioned about certain fund-raise 
options. I believe that would be for overall reducing the cost of borrowing. Directionally, again 
if you can, I am not asking for any guidance to what extent your cost of borrowing can come 
down in the coming year or two? What is the study? 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Cost of borrowing will come down and I think I am sure that both Neeraj and Deepak will have 
their views. The cost of borrowing will come down because the equity that is locked inside the 
company at this point of time due to, for whatever reason, the launches that have not been 
happening or happened so far. And once we start to launch the projects and once we start to 
realize that, automatically debt will have to be coming down. Today that if we are going to be 
expanding and borrowing the money, then debt will always look upwards. It is just about now 
the thing is to get the projects going and launching and delivering the projects, and that will 
bring down the debt. That is probably the right way to bring down the debt. Of course, generally 
that now maybe Neeraj has a view. 
Neeraj Gautam: 
As far as interest rate is concerned, you have also asked a question about the interest rate which 
we are paying. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Yes. 
Neeraj Gautam: 
Our current interest rate is about 11.85%. However, it looks a little bit higher. But if you compare 
for the last year, one year ago, what are our weighted average costs already? It was 11.59%. 
During the year, we have added or we have invested about Rs. 1,300 crores in the land, and that 
means we have funded this land cost from the additional borrowing. Despite that, we have not 
let our cost of debt go up. 
 
As you know, the land financing are not done by the bank or any other housing finance company. 
To finance the land, we have to reach out to the NBFC or the AIF and those costs are a little 
higher. Yet, our continuous endeavor is to check the interest rate and keep it down. And going 
forward, this is also as Mallanna said and Deepak said, as we are going to launch the project 
flexibly better and we will be repaying some of the debt. Also, once we launch the project, we 
have the option to convert these projects into residential debt and thereby also the rate will come 
down. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Okay. Thanks, Niraj. Thank you, sir and looking forward to your launches in the current year. 
Neeraj Gautam: 
Thank you. 
Mallanna Sasalu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand over the 
conference to management for closing comments. 
Deepak Rastogi: 
So, thank you all of you for your time, and your thoughtful questions. We appreciate your 
continued support and interest in Puravankara journey. Should you have further queries or 

 
Puravankara Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
require additional information, please feel free to reach out to our Inventor Relation team. We 
keep forward to updating you on our progress in the upcoming quarters. Have a great day and 
nice weekend. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
