 
Regd. Office: A-18, First Floor, FIEE Complex Okhla Industrial Area Phase II, New Delhi – 110020 (India). Tel.: +91-11- 41610660 
 
 
 
 
 
   May 30, 2025  
  
Sub: Transcript - GE Vernova T&D India Limited Earnings Call for Investors held on May 23, 2025 
 
Please find enclosed Transcript of earnings conference call with analysts/ institutional investors held on May 23, 2025, in respect 
of Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and year ended on March 31, 2025.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
(Formerly known as GE T&D India Limited) 
 
 
 
 
 
Shweta Mehta  
(Membership No. A18600)  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Contact No.: +91-120-5021500 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers,  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
Code No. 522275 
The Manager 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: GVT&D 
   GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
   (Formerly known as GE T&D India Limited)  
   L31102DL1957PLC193993 
Corporate Office: T-5 & T-6, Plot 1-14, Axis    House, Jaypee 
Wishtown, Sector-128, Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh 
 
T +91 120 5021500 
F +91 120 5021501 
 
Email id: secretarial.compliance@gevernova.com 
 
 
Website: 
https://www.gevernova.com/regions/asia/in/gevernova-td-
india 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
SHWETA 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA MEHTA 
Date: 2025.05.30 
17:51:28 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
Quarter 4 of Financial Year 2024-'25 Conference Call” 
May 23, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP ZANZARIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
& MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MR. ABHISHEK SRIVASTAVA – HEAD, BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS 
MS. KANIKA ARORA – COMMUNICATIONS LEADER 
MS. SHWETA MEHTA – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. MEGHA GUPTA – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the conference call hosted by GE Vernova 
T&D India Limited for Quarter 4 of Financial Year 2024-'25. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Megha Gupta from GE Vernova T&D India Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Megha Gupta. 
Megha Gupta: 
Good evening, everyone. We welcome you all to the GE Vernova T&D India Limited Earnings 
Call for fourth Quarter of Financial Year '24-'25. I'm Megha Gupta from Investor Relations team. 
During the call today, we will discuss company's financial performance, including operational 
highlights and will share key updates. We will have a dedicated question-and-answer session 
towards the end of the presentation. 
 
I would like to highlight that today's discussion may contain few forward-looking statements, 
which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on our current 
expectations, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We 
encourage you to refer to our public filings and documents for a comprehensive understanding 
of the factors that could impact our future performance. 
 
Now I'll introduce GE Vernova T&D India Limited management team available on the call. 
During the call, we're joined by Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria, CEO and MD of the company; Mr. Sushil 
Kumar, Whole-Time Director and CFO of the company; Mr. Abhishek Srivastava, Head 
Business Operations; Ms. Kanika Arora, Communications Leader; and Ms. Shweta Mehta, 
Company Secretary of the company. 
 
Now I'll hand over to Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria to begin the discussion. Thank you. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Good evening, everybody and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year FY24-25 earnings 
call. 
India is aiming to increase its power transmission capacity by 35% by FY32, focusing on 
integrating renewable energy and securing 24x7 power supply. As India enters an era of 
accelerated electrification, it underscores the critical need for strategic investments in 
dependable base-load power, a robust and smart grid infrastructure, and innovative 
decarbonization technologies to meet its climate goals. 
A flexible, secure, and evolved grid is key to supporting increased electrification and renewable 
energy integration. We are witnessing significant and consistent growth quarter-over-quarter,  
fueled by robust demand across our portfolio, particularly for transformers, switchgear, and 
advanced grid technologies, including HVDC and FACTS. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Recognizing this opportunity and our role in enabling India's energy transition, earlier this month 
we announced a strategic investment of INR 1,400 million. This capital will be directed towards 
establishing a new manufacturing line for critical HVDC Thyristor and VSC Valves at our 
existing Pallavaram facility in Chennai, and developing a new HVDC Controls facility in Noida. 
These expansions are designed to substantially enhance our capabilities to manufacture and test 
next-generation equipment vital for modern transmission systems, positioning us to effectively 
support both India's domestic energy goals and capture export demand from other rapidly 
developing economies. 
Turning to our financial performance, we had another quarter of robust demand, significant 
revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion.  
Our order book remained strong in Q4 and we saw bookings of INR 29.9 billion, up by 124% 
YoY, compared to INR 13.3 billion in quarter ended Mar’ 24. A highlight of the quarter was our 
order win with Power Grid Corporation of India to supply over 100 extra high-voltage 
transformers and shunt reactors for key transmission projects across India.  
Our Q4 revenues stood at 11.5 billion INR vs 9.1 billion INR in Q4 FY 23-24, up by 26% YOY. 
On an FY basis, our FY24-25 revenue stood at 42.9 billion INR vs 31.7 billion INR in FY23-
24, up by 35% YoY. 
New orders outpaced revenue, doubling the order backlog at 126.6 BINR as at Mar’25 vs 62.7 
BINR as at March’24.  
Our Profit Before Tax & exceptional items for quarter ended Mar’25 was at 2,561 million INR 
compared to 1,012 million INR in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year. From 
a FY24-25 perspective, profit before tax and exceptional items stood at 8,197 million INR vs. 
2,631 million INR in FY23-24, which is a 3x times increase.  
The cash and cash equivalent balance was at 10.5 BINR as on March 31, 2025 vs 2.8 BINR as 
at March 31, 2024. The cash generated was 1.9 BINR in Q4 and 8.3 BINR during the FY 24-25. 
The combination of favorable demand trends and disciplined execution is accelerating our 
margin expansion and significantly reinforcing our confidence in the trajectory ahead. Our 
deeply embedded lean culture continues to be a powerful engine for operational improvement, 
delivering tangible gains across safety, quality, delivery, and cost performance.  
As we transition into FY 2025-26, I am grateful for the unwavering dedication of our entire 
team. Their efforts are the foundation of our optimism for future and our commitment to 
consistently creating value for all our stakeholders. I would also like to extend my sincere thanks 
to our valued customers, our dedicated investors, and our exceptional teams – all vital partners 
in our journey.  
I now invite Abhishek to provide further insights.  

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Abhishek Srivastava: 
Thanks, Sandeep. So good evening, team. I will take you through the key operational highlights. 
The key commissioning that we achieved in the prior quarter. So through the efforts that our 
team had been putting on ground, we were able to bring to life some of the key assets for 
strengthening the national network -- energy network of India. 
 
So just to mention a few, on a turnkey basis, we commissioned Tata Solar Bikaner, which is the 
power evacuation substation for their 450-megawatt solar park that they are establishing in 
Bikaner. A key asset for meeting the energy deficit needs and strengthening the backup from 
renewable sources. 
 
Another key commissioning was for Himachal Pradesh Power Transmission Company Limited 
at Heiling substation, which is at a very tough terrain, in the hilly terrain of Himachal Pradesh. 
So this substation was commissioned successfully along with transformers and GIS 66 and 220 
kV GIS. And this helps us to improve the reliability of power in the State of Himachal Pradesh.  
Another key turnkey project that was delivered was for Renew Solapur. This is for their hybrid 
renewable park power evacuation, the 400 kV switchyard was commissioned in a record time, 
along with the power transformers.  
In addition to turnkey substations, we have also been actively partnering with other players in 
the market and our customers through supply of direct equipment and commissioning of the 
same like power transformers. 
 
We commissioned the 500 MVA transformer plus 765 kV ICTs for Doosan Jawaharpur. This is 
a 650-megawatt double unit power station for meeting the needs of Uttar Pradesh. Another key 
thermal power project was also commissioned by us in the last quarter, through our transformers, 
which was for Doosan and Obra. 
Another key transformer asset, which was put to use was through commissioning of 500 MV 
ICT for our customer IndiGrid and we work through KEC at Kallam and then UPPTCL 
Shahupuri, another 500 MVA 3-phase transformer, which was commissioned for, again, the 
State of Uttar Pradesh. 
 
In addition to this, we also commissioned gas-insulated switchgears at PGCIL Raipur, the 220 
Bays were commissioned. Then GIPC Kutch 400 kV GIS. This is for Gujarat Industrial Projects 
Power Company Limited, which is for again, evacuation of renewable power. And Mumbai 
Veritas, which is a data center project for 220 kV GIS, which has been commissioned for them. 
So by doing all these commissioning, we have been partnering with our customers in building 
the transmission network for the country, and we remain committed to that. 
 
So with this, I hand over to Sushil to take us further. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks, Abhishek. Good evening, everyone. Moving to the page on order intake. So this quarter 
as well as this year has been a very strong period for us in terms of order booking. As Sandeep 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
mentioned in the beginning, in this quarter, we booked INR29.9 billion of orders, which was 
almost 2x of what we did in the corresponding quarter in the last year, in fact, more than 2x. 
Many key orders that we booked were from a very diversified set of customers and in various 
products and project categories that we operate. 
 
As we see on the right side of the page, we secured orders of 765 kV power transformer and 
reactors from Power Grid. Similarly, we secured 765 kV power transformer and reactor from 
Sterlite. We also secured orders from Adani Group for 400 kV GIS. Again, AIS substation from 
Jindal Group on 400 kV site. 
 
And also, we secured transformer order from Jindal Group as well. In addition to these GIS and 
transformer orders, we have secured orders on CRP and SAS business on the 765 KV and 400 
kV substation from various EPCs. And we also secured order for Advance Distribution 
Management System for Paschim Gujarat Company and Dakshin Gujarat company. 
 
These were largely on domestic side and on export side, we continue to maintain the momentum, 
and we had various wins on AIS and GIS equipment side from various markets, including 
Europe, South East Asia and Africa. 
 
So a very robust quarter. And if you look at the overall year performance, our order book is 
almost doubled from INR58 billion last year to INR107 billion in this year. In this INR107 
billion, as we declared in the past, there was about INR22 billion of large export orders from the 
group company and about INR8 billion of digital software-related orders from Power Grid 
Corporation of India. 
 
So those 2 are the large orders were about INR30 billion. But excluding these 2 large orders as 
well, the momentum has been very strong and we were able to improve our order booking from 
various products from various customers from INR58 billion last year to INR77 billion, 
excluding the large orders. 
 
Moving to the financial performance. This was largely covered by Sandeep in the beginning 
speech. The momentum in revenue is strong. It is in line with the order booking momentum. So 
this quarter, we have 26% increase in revenue, reaching up to INR11.5 billion of revenue. 
 
As the revenue increased for us, we have maintained control over the fixed cost, hence there is 
a significant improvement in the operating profitability, which is the EBITDA. We have INR2.5 
billion of EBITDA, representing 21.9% of revenue for the quarter. This quarter has been good 
in terms of overall profitability, especially on the gross margin side. Mainly because we have 
been successful in executing the orders which were profitable, improve the mix towards a 
profitable order and a very strong execution demonstrated by the GE Vernova team. So, all these 
factors have led to the improvement in the gross profit for the quarter. 
 
Similar trend exist on an annual basis. 35% increase in revenue, reaching up to INR42.9 billion 
and operating profitability, which is EBITDA is INR8.1 billion or 19.1% of revenue. So far, we 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
have made communication about our aim to achieve mid to high teen of EBITDA. Happy to 
announce that we have actually delivered a higher end of this range that we have been 
communicating regularly. We talked about cash performance. We generated INR8.5 billion of 
cash during the year, and this has led to a cash and cash equivalent of INR10.5 billion at the end 
of the financial year with us. 
 
On the last page, Page 7, we have given a regular split of orders and revenue between domestic 
and export markets and also given a breakup of orders in hand from private, central and state 
utilities. 
 
So with this, we can now take up the questions from investor community. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. 
Please go ahead.  
Umesh Raut: 
Congratulations for the strong set of numbers again for last quarter of FY '25. My first question 
is pertaining to existing backlog of closer to INR127 billion. So how much of that is executable 
within the course of, say, next 18 months? And how much is beyond 18 months? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So as I explained,  INR38 billion or INR40 million of this INR127 billion, largely are the projects 
which have a longer tenure, as we communicated earlier. These have a tenure of 3 to 5 years of 
execution. Excluding that, we have about INR85 billion of order, which is executable within 
1.5-year to 2-year time frame as per the contracts with the customer.  
 
Nonetheless, on top of the backlog during the execution, every year, we also have the orders 
which we call as book-to-bill, meaning the orders are received as well as executed during the 
same financial year. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it, sir. My second question is on the HVDC project. So could you please share a time line 
for new projects on the HVDC side, especially for FY '26? And at the same time now, you must 
be also forming up budgets for FY '26. So any colour on the outsourcing contracts that you can 
anticipate from parent side? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thanks, Umesh. For the HVDC part you would have seen the transmission committee meeting. 
One of the project that had gone for the approval of the committee, there was some discussion 
about feasibility of  batteries storage.  Let the committee work out various options. But we expect 
at least 1 to 2 projects to get decided during this year. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Is it fair to assume that Khavda, South Olpad and 1 package from Rajasthan is at upfront 
in terms of ordering time line? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Got it. My last question is on the bookkeeping side. If I look at our other expenses for the 
quarter, those were at about 12.6% of sales, slightly on the higher side. So any one-off over 
there? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes, Umesh. There is about INR150 million of provisions that we have made for certain 
litigation matters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good evening, sir, and thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on a very strong set of 
numbers. My first question is on the strong gross margin. What explains such a strong 
outperformance on raw material and gross margin? Our gross margin for Q4 was 42.3% and 
40%-odd in FY '25. Are there any one-offs or any large projects which we did, which explains 
such a high gross margin? And any colour on the sustainability of this gross margin, EBITDA 
margin as we go forward? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks, Mohit. Good evening. As I talked in the beginning, this quarter has been very strong in 
terms of revenue as well as profitability execution, we did deliver 42% gross margin. Various 
factors, which lead to such a high performance that include a better pricing. 
 
The pricing has improved in the last 2 years. And as a strategy, we are moving towards product 
orders and -- rather than focusing on turnkey orders that leads to a better margin profile. So mix 
is improving. And also, the contribution of export revenue is also increasing and generally, the 
exports were always better in terms of margin profile. 
 
and the last point I will say that GE's team has done exceptionally well, has been executing very 
strong, and have been making, improvements during execution as well. So these are multiple 
factors leading to the improved gross margin for the quarter. But nonetheless, for our kind of 
business, quarterly gross margins can vary because of mix and various other factors. 
 
I think the right reference is to look at the gross margins for the full financial year. On a full 
financial year, we did deliver 40.4% of gross margin, and this is about 5%, 6% improvement 
versus the last financial year. And we believe that our endeavor is to sustain this kind of gross 
margin and EBITDA going forward. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is, you announced a new factory for building the HVDC 
components and STATCOM. Is this factory a necessary condition to participate in the upcoming 
HVDC and STATCOM domestic opportunity? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, Mohit, it is not -- it was not a condition. The condition is basically for the whole project, 
you need to meet the minimum criteria for Make in India. But this is going to help us in, of 
course, localizing, improving the competitiveness and also giving more comfort to the customer 
that we are more local in terms of technology as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Subhadip Mitra: 
My question is with regard to the overall industry side. If we move beyond HVDC on the non-
HVDC high-voltage piece and on exports, how do you see the overall TAM growing? Are you 
still looking at maybe a 20% kind of a CAGR in the non-HVDC space? And similarly on 
exports? Some color on that, please. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I think, yes, of course, what we are looking at the government plan of about INR9 lakh crores 
up till FY '32. So that gives a lot of confidence. And also, what we see is that there's a lot of 
growth in terms of the energy transition story globally. So  first the Europe opened and then 
Australia and then now even Middle East is also opening up. So yes, definitely the TAM for the 
export potential is also growing. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood.  I think one of the previous questions also asked about whether there is any budget 
for outsourced exports to the parent for this year? Any indicative number? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No. So we don't give this type of a guidance of a number that for the export. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. Sir, but would it be fair to assume that it should be somewhere around that 30% 
kind of a mix, which is what we are seeing currently? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
That is what is always our endeavor to maintain that kind of a ratio. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Renu Baid Pugalia from IIFL Capital Services. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Many congratulations for the strong performance. My first question is I'm just understanding a 
bit on the order pipeline prospects. Last year, almost as Sushil, also highlighted the INR30 billion 
plus orders came from large orders, exports combined. So when we look at the existing base 
orders of INR77 billion, how do we see this pie increasing in the next year? Overall, as a 
combined pile of almost INR10,000 crores plus? Or do you think given the projects in pipeline, 
domestic, international, we will manage growth in inflows in fiscal '26? That's the first question. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Renu, yes, that will be endeavour to grow the orders. As Sushil also said that we had 2 large 
one-off projects, which was one export order, which was like INR2,200 crores and 2 digital 
orders close to about INR800 crores. 
 
So basically, we were looking at INR3,000 crores. And if you really look at this last quarter also, 
we had some large orders. These orders are normal, as Power Grid decided to go for a bulk 
buying of transformers and reactors. And of course, we were able to secure a large part of that 
market as well. But the endeavor will be always to grow whatever we have achieved this year 
on the base number and then try to see that how we can increase because at the end of the day, 
we need to keep the revenue also growing. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Sure. And within the order prospects for fiscal '26, how do you see -- because the last couple of 
years have been transformer heavy. So if you can throw some light how is the broad prospect 
been on the substations, and especially the GIS part. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Hearing pretty big numbers on that side of the business. So do you expect the pie of the order 
pipeline to materially shift towards GIS or projects in fiscal '26 or it would be similar for 
transformers, switchgears and the rest of the other solutions like STATCOM? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So that is the plan, what we have is that also to increase the pie for switchgears, also with 
STATCOM and HVDC and also control and automation, AIS products. So the endeavor of the 
team or the focus is that not only transformer reactors, but the other parts of the business also to 
keep growing. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Sure. Secondly, on the pricing side, as in clearly last 18 months has been the dream run for any 
transformer company in India in terms of demand-supply mismatches. So stepping in '26-'27, 
how do we see the pricing environment and the gross margin mix that you have seen for '26 for 
ourselves based on the backlog and execution time line, how comfortable we are to sustain and 
see improvement in this? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So I would say that the pricing is stable as of now. Maybe we don't see much improvement 
coming there. If there is an increase in raw material prices, we are able to pass on. But now the 
incremental growth in pricing is not so much there. But it is still not going down and we are 
looking at a stable pricing environment. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Stability in pricing itself is a tall task, but fabulous if you're able to maintain this, good. And 
lastly, what would be the mix between products and projects for fiscal '25 closing backlog? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Renu, I don't have that information readily available. Maybe we can probably share it 
subsequently on another call. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Sandeep, I have 2 quick questions. First is on the export mandate. If I understand the exports, 
right, in the order book and in the turnover and considering the opportunity we have, which are 
the end markets primarily for parent maybe top 3 or top 4 which you are catering to? And do 
you think there is a very, very long-term demand pipeline here? That's my first question. Maybe 
whatever qualitative color on exports considering all the global locations of GE Vernova? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So thanks, Amit. You know earlier, as we have said in various presentations earlier, we used to 
focus more on Africa and Southeast Asia, but slowly slowly we expanded to Latin America. 
And then we have also expanded to Europe now. Also, if you really look at for example, a large 
order, which we got from Korea, Algeria. So it's basically the demand which comes from some 
geography and then when we get engaged with the global team, we are able to capitalize on 
those large opportunities. 
 
So these opportunities take time to build in, but these are certain areas, certain aspects which 
cannot be openly discussed on calls, because of its confidentiality. But today for any such large 
opportunity, Indian factories are really the strength for GE Vernova to go and take these orders. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
So I would put it as that the we have a very extensive geography in which we are playing. And 
definitely, the Indian factories because of its cost competitiveness and all. So we play a very 
important role in the overall strategy for the electrification. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Maybe in the intake of INR32.6 billion this year, in export, if there is a number for U.S. you 
want to give us? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No we don't as U.S. is a very different technology. U.S. is basically dead-tank technology, 
whereas India is a lifetank technology. So U.S. market is mostly catered from U.S. factories 
only. 
Amit Mahawar: 
That explains it, Sandeep. The second question and last question is, if I understand last 10, 15 
years of transmission equipment business in India, for GE Vernova, do you think the current 
capacity you have and I understand, the profitability is very, very healthy. But take a 5-year 
view?  
 
And do you think the demand that we are projecting in India, I mean you yourself alluded to 
INR9 trillion would be and roughly 30%, 40%, 50% of the equipment size, right, if I'm not 
wrong, don't you think next 4 to 5 years, the growth is very, very set as an industry. And 
considering your mix and localization, the best time is yet to come. That's my last question. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So of course, I think, yes, the best time is yet to come. So it's going to come in 1 year, 2 year, 
we have to see. We expect a very large growth and we should be an important player to deliver 
that growth in India's ambition for Viksit Bharat 2047. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. 
Suraj Malu: 
My first question is related to the previous question. Can you help understand like the export 
orders that we have won from U.K., France, Dubai over the last 4, 5 quarters. Is the end usage 
in those geographies? Is there a potential that this will be supplied to the U.S.? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So it will not be supplied to the U.S. As I said that U.S. has a different technology. What we 
manufacture in India, the AIS, the life tank breakers and all, so the end user is in Africa and not 
in U.S. 
Suraj Malu: 
Got it, sir. And my last question is like the current order intake that you have taken, are these in 
the similar gross margin level that you have delivered recently? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So good evening, Suraj, we typically don't share the profitability on the orders that we book 
because it's a price sensitive and confidential information for the competition. But, yes, the 
endeavor of the management is to perform better. If you look at our trajectory of revenue and 
profitability, the focus and aim of management is very clear to maintain a good margin. In our 
strategy, we have always compensated cash over profit and to do a business which is risk-free 
and a sustainable business. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Amit Anwani: 
My first question is on the capex of INR140 crores on STATCOM and HVDC products, capex 
and all. I wanted to understand what is the current capacity utilization and with this capex, how 
much the capacity will expand? 
 
And I understand that the capacity expansion will come on stream, we have written for Chennai 
by 2027. Just wanted to understand, is it fair to assume that the prospects have increased because 
past 2, 3 quarters, you have been highlighting that we have sufficient capacity to meet growth 
for 1.5 year, and there might not be major capex requirement. Yes, that is my first question. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Amit, I think, we have also clarified  in the disclosures that we were manufacturing when we 
were doing the Champa-Kurukshetra project, the valves in India. But after that, because no 
project came for few years, we had, in Chennai, so we had actually closed that capacity. And 
now because of the market growth and all, we are starting or we will be investing, and then we 
will be starting. So today, on the HVDC valves and control side there is no existing capacity and 
whatever we are adding is going to be the new capacity. 
Sushil Kumar: 
And just to add on to what Sandeep said, this capex announcement is in addition to INR80 crores 
to INR90 crores that we communicated earlier. So INR80 crores to INR90 crores is for our 
existing business lines to debottleneck to take the maximum, benefit of the assets that we have 
and deliver more from the existing factory. So overall put together, INR140 crores plus roughly 
INR80 crores, we have now announced overall capex in the range of INR240 crores to INR250 
crores. 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes. Second question on the product versus projects. You highlighted that there will be more 
focus deliberately towards products by you guys? 
 
Wanted to understand, if possible, to share the product versus project for revenue. And 
considering the current order book you have, can we expect for the next 1, 2 years there should 
be more product inclination in the revenue and order book. Any sense on that would help? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Amit, I don't have the breakup of this project versus product immediately available. But as a 
strategy, we have communicated since last few quarters that we want to move more towards the 
product side because first, the product orders are more profitable rather than a large turnkey 
project. 
 
The second part is they carry less risk in terms of execution. Nonetheless, having said that, it's 
not that we are completely out of the project market. We do sell the products to the EPCs who 
are in turn taking the turnkey projects. So we are present in the market but indirectly. And I think 
the strategy of moving towards product has really helped us to streamline our operations and 
deliver better profitability in the last couple of years. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Amit Anwani: 
And lastly, if I can squeeze in. We had a large other order wins of almost INR3,000 crores and 
INR11,000 crores inflows. Are there further large orders in discussion for the next 1, 2 years? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Amit, that's an ongoing process. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Inderjeet Bhatia from HDFC Securities. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
Congratulations on fantastic set of numbers. Two questions. One is, you highlighted that there 
was a large INR8 billion software order? Are there any more such orders in your order book? 
And do these kind of orders come at a much better margin profile than your existing product 
orders? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I think you know that the digital part of the grid is also growing. And so there are many more 
opportunities to come in the future. As of today, we don't have any live tender ongoing, if that 
is the question. And as a practice, we don't disclose the segment wise margins. So it will not be 
possible to disclose the margin strategy for the digital. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
Fair enough. Just a clarification, I think one of the previous participant had asked about this 
INR240 crores capex. Did I hear that right that that's a commitment for next year? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes. Mr. Inderjeet, these are the capex announcements made, as you see this INR140 crores 
announcement has a longer time line to be implemented. So these are announcements may be 
implemented in next 1 to 2 years. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
One last bookkeeping question. In the balance sheet, there is some related party loans given to 
related parties around INR400-odd crores. Could you just throw some light on that? 
Sushil Kumar: 
We have taken shareholder approval regularly to invest surplus cash to the cash pool, which is 
managed by the GEV Group. Any surplus, which is available with the company to the extent of 
limit approved by the shareholders is invested there. So this investment is actually the cash pool 
that we have given to the cash pool leader. Just as a reminder, our entity borrowed from the cash 
pool for quite a number of years when we were in debt. 
 
And now since we are in surplus, to make an efficient working capital management and cash 
management, we are investing a part of the available surplus funds to the cash pool because, a) 
this gives us a rate of interest, which is as per the market terms. b) there's a lot of flexibility. It 
can be called upon any time on demand. It can be broken in terms of the liquidity requirement 
of the company. So, all the advantages have been disclosed in the notice to shareholders, and it 
was duly approved as a material related party transaction in the past. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pramod Jain, an Individual Investor. 
Pramod Jain: 
Thank you. And congratulations for the wonderful set of numbers. I just want some clarification. 
In the last conference call, you had spoken about that Leh-Ladakh HVDC project, which was 
there. Sir, can you please share some update about that? 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So presently, it's with Power Grid, we don't have much of an update on that project. 
Pramod Jain: 
Okay. Any further HVDC project, which is there in the pipeline which you're bidding for and 
there's some yields might come from there? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So there is 1 HVDC project, which is there under bidding, which is from Khavda to South Olpad. 
And in addition to that, there was 1 HVDC project, which was proposed in the National 
Committee of Transmission. But then because of some alternatives have been asked to be 
studied. So probably that will get a little bit delayed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dhavan Shah from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Dhavan Shah: 
The HVDC side. Sir, do you have the excess capacity to cater to any of the future HVDC 
contracts, if you get anything? That is my first question. And second is, can you do both LCC 
and VSC in HVDC? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Dhavan, what was your first question? 
Dhavan Shah: 
First question is do you have the excess capacity in HVDC, if you can share, if you get any 
contracts in future? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So HVDC has a number of products so that includes valves, controls, transformers, et cetera. So 
every product has a different capacity. So HVDC per se is not 1 single capacity. HVDC is an 
addition of multiple capacities which are put together. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Let's say, if Power Grid comes up with INR20,000 crores or INR25,000 crores of HVDC 
contracts, wherein the transmission opportunity is roughly INR10,000 crores to INR12,000 
crores kind of the opportunity. So do you have that kind of capacity? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes, we have that capacity. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. And can you do both LCC and VSC? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes, we can do both, LCC and VSC. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam from Saltoro Investments. 
Jainam: 
Congratulations on a great set of results, I wanted to understand from a supply chain perspective, 
whether it is CRGO or any other key components that go into transformers whether it is extra 
high voltage or whether it is HVDC. What are the challenges that we are facing? And how are, 
we given the kind of growth that we are having? What are our risk mitigation approaches within 
that? That's my first question. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Supply chain, yes, definitely, today in this very uncertain world, supply chain is a big challenge. 
And with the explosion of demand globally, yes. But then we have teams who are constantly 
working to mitigate those challenges who very closely work with the suppliers, the transporter, 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
the supply sales teams, etcetera. So it's a very focused task but we have been able to successfully 
negotiate and execute until now and the teams are dedicated towards that. 
Jainam: 
So are we planning to backward integrate given the kind of demand that you see for the next 5 
to 6 years, do you see the supply chain to be a meaningful challenge as we scale up and look at 
probably integrating key components because many of our peers are doing the same. So I just 
wanted to get a strategic bird's-eye view as to what is our thought process? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
As of today, we are not planning to backward integrate any of the component level 
manufacturing. 
Jainam: 
Got it. And I wanted to understand in terms of our order book, the mix has been about 34% is 
central utilities. And last year, if you look at it, it was about probably 27% for the central utilities. 
So in terms of a mix in the orders, do you see that meaningfully change. Do we see the share of 
private kind of inching even more towards 70% or 80%. What is the sustainable  order backlog 
mix that we are planning to have? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So today, a large part because earlier, what used to happen is Power Grid used to get RTM 
projects and all. So today, a large part of the order gets decided on TBCB route. And then it 
depends upon the competitiveness of TBCB route, whether the Power Grid is winning or 
whether private players are winning. 
 
And accordingly, then we have to choose our customers. So it's not that by design, we can say 
look at this should be the share of central utility, and this should be the share of private sector. 
It depends upon whether central utility wins more or private sector wins more. We align 
ourselves according to that to the market conditions. 
Sushil Kumar: 
And just to add on, I think, important to see here is that the share of state utility is very small, 
and this is one of the strategy we have communicated in the past. We are kind of neutral to 
central utilities or the private customer because both are good in terms of execution and working 
capital management. 
Jainam: 
If I can squeeze one last question. You talked about demand opportunity but what are a few risks 
overall on a macro perspective that you're seeing because everyone is increasing capacities, all 
our peers. So from a demand supply like realization, like you said, there is no more room for 
improvement. Given how the industry evolves in the next 2 to 3 years, what are the few risks 
that you are looking at and closely tracking? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
As we said that, of course, supply chain management, yes, that's a big risk because not only 
about the availability, but also about the political situation keep on developing globally as well. 
In addition to political situation, the supply chain management is we keep on mitigating. So 
that's a kind of a job which you do daily, weekly, monthly, yearly, quarterly. So that is something 
which is there. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
Apart from that, what I see is that I think energy transition story globally is something which is 
not going to go away just like that. So from a demand or market perspective, we don't see that 
there should be a challenge at least for the next 3 to 5 years or maybe 10 years. It should be a 
much stable market. That is what we are anticipating. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nandini Agarwal from Globe Capital Market Limited. As 
we're not receiving a response from the current participant, we will move to the next question, 
which will be from the line of Mahesh Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Mahesh Patil: 
My first question is on the STATCOM. How do you see the STATCOM opportunity in the 
medium term? And if I'm not wrong, we haven't done any STATCOM earlier? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So yes, as you are right. In the long term, we see that, of course, STATCOM is going to play a 
very important role because more and more renewables are getting added. So obviously, the 
need of STATCOM cannot be just ignored, and it is going to become a very integral part of the 
grid. Yes, we have executed multiple projects globally, but we have not won any project in India. 
We have done in India, a few FACTS projects. We are into active discussions with various 
customers.. 
Mahesh Patil: 
And sir, my second question is on the royalty payment. Just wanted to know how much was the 
royalty payment this year? And how much was it in FY '24, if you can provide? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So royalty payment has been given on a very consistent basis in the last 5 to 7 years. There has 
been no change in the formula. It is linked to a certain formula of revenue, et cetera. During the 
entire year, we have made a royalty payment of roughly INR640 million. 
Mahesh Patil: 
INR640 million? Okay. And sir, if you can, how much was this last year? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Last year was around INR350 million. 
Mahesh Patil: 
INR350 million. Okay. And sir, lastly, wanted to understand  how are you trying to widen your 
existing portfolio, can you give some color? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I think from widening the portfolio, of course, definitely, it's on 2 sides. One is on the customer 
side. More and more customers, we are trying to expand the customer horizon by including more 
renewable clients. And then, of course, we have a lot of new companies also entering into the 
TBCB market. 
 
Also widening in terms of, for example, export market. We've already talked about that we have 
few large orders  in the last 2, 3 years, we have been able to enter few of the new geographies. 
And there are a few technologies as well, which we are waiting in India to mature, for example, 
GCube which is SF6 free.. So once that happens, definitely, we aim to be a leading player in that 
as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moksh Ranka: 
I would like to know in the HVDC, in the whole transmission industry how  are we facing any 
constraints regarding transmission towers. Because I think there are very few manufacturers as 
well. Could you provide some color there? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Moksh, we are not a transmission line company. We in transmission do substations and 
HVDC terminals. We have zero presence in transmission line. So we will not be able to answer 
that. 
Moksh Ranka: 
I understand that. But since you are in the industry, I thought you would see firsthand -- you 
would know firsthand if you are facing any constraints? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
 No, no, we are not. Since we don't operate. So we don't know if there is a constraint there or 
not. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. My question is on services part of the revenue. So what 
would be the contribution of service doing to ramp up that as a share of revenues? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Generally, the service revenue is sub-10% for us. But as the overall order booking has been 
growing, so obviously the overall  volume of services is also growing. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And sir, second question is on the INR250 crores of capex. So what kind of asset turns or 
revenues can we look at adding from there over a 2- to 3-year period on an annual basis? And 
what will be the reservation here for export markets, any reservations here? So how will you 
allocate between local demand and the global demand on this? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Parikshit, I think, you would have seen that we have out of that INR240 odd-crores, INR140 
crores is for HVDC. So for HVDC, of course, looking into the demand situation and all. To first 
use it for India and then see how do we support the export market as well. 
 
Today, primarily the major driver for investment is growth in the domestic market. You would 
have seen that when we had put the capacities, all the local factories for switchgear, transformer, 
etcetera, they have helped us in export market as well. But today, the primary driver for this 
investment is domestic market. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And sir, any color on what could be the share of data centers? I mean, is it increasing in the 
overall mix in the order book, how do you see that shaping up as huge investment is expected in 
data centers. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Presently the data center market is basically 300-megawatt data centers, where the evacuation is 
at 220 kV. We see a very large potential of data center coming in, but today, because our order 
intake is jumping very high, like, for example, since last year to, for example, from '24 to '25, 
we have grown by 100%. Obviously, the data center market, even if it has grown by like 50%, 
60%, it is still not a substantial market. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
Today, the TBCB or the transmission part of the business is growing much, much rapidly. But 
we are totally connected with most of the data center companies in India. And we are executing 
multiple projects on data centers. So it's not that we have ignored, but expect as the size of the 
data centers will become more and more like bigger data centers of 400 kV. People are talking 
about gigawatt data centers that will require 765 kV, so there, our market share and our overall 
offering in terms of value will be much higher. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the cash, which we have on the books, so and then next year also, there 
will be cash accrual. How do you intend to deploy the capital employed? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Parikshit, we have announced INR240 crores of capex out of INR1,000 crores that we have and 
additionally, in note 10 of the financial statement that we circulated, the Board has recommended 
a dividend of INR5 per share. Once approved by the shareholders, that will lead to an outflow 
of roughly INR130 crores. So we are consciously reviewing and meaningfully deploying cash 
in terms of net capex needs and also return to the shareholders, and we'll continue to work in 
this direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sagar Gandhi from Invesco Mutual Fund. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Sir, my question pertains to the INR140 crores capex that you've announced for HVDC. This is 
primarily for domestic projects. And do you also foresee that post this capacity is commissioned, 
your ability to bid for projects will be more competitive, which is not the case currently. If you 
can throw some light in this direction? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes, that was one  of the objective of putting the local capacity was, to feed the domestic market 
and then we are seeing a big growth expected in the domestic market. In addition to that, yes, 
obviously, when we put the capacities locally, it provides us more competitiveness. So it helps 
us in winning more. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from Jainam from Saltoro Investment. 
Jainam: 
I just wanted to ask, one of the previous participants had asked about asset turns for the INR240 
crores capex that you're doing. Could you just share what kind of asset turns roughly we are 
looking at? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Asset turn is difficult to give. As Sandeep explained in the earlier question that a significant part 
of capex is for HVDC. So HVDC projects are very large contracts. For an HVDC project, this 
is not the entire investment.  
 
So giving an asset turn is difficult considering that this is not a separate business line. But 
nonetheless, I think, you would see that the company has been very cautious in terms of 
investment. So obviously, the management and Board has decided this investment considering 
a good opportunity and a good return on investment. 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Megha Gupta for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Megha Gupta: 
Thank you all for joining us today. We hope the insights provided by our speakers have been 
informative and valuable to you. We value the trust and support by investors and analysts and 
ensure to remain committed to maintain transparent communication and fostering strong 
relationships. If you have any further questions, or require additional information, please do not 
hesitate to reach out to me or our communications leader. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of GE Vernova T&D India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
