SHOPPERS STOP 
 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
Registered & Service Office : Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mindspace, Off. Link Road,  Malad (W), Mumbai 400 064, Maharashtra. 
T 022- 42497000 CIN : L51900MH1997PLC108798. Email : customercare@shoppersstop.com  Website: www.shoppersstop.com 
Toll Free No.:1800-419-6648 (9 am to 9 pm). 
 
SEC/11/2025-26      
 
 
 
                                 
                                            May 06, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001. 
Stock Code  : 532638  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q4 25  
 
We refer to the analyst / investors conference call, on Wednesday, April 30, 2025 11:00 a.m. IST to discuss the 
corporate performance for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 (“Earnings Conference Call”) and our 
letter in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, ref. no. SEC/04/2025-26 dated April 24, 2025 intimating of the call and providing the link for joining the 
Earnings Conference Call. 
 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the transcript 
of the said Earnings Conference Call. The same is simultaneously being made available on the website of the 
Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thank you.  
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
 
Rakeshkumar Saini 
Vice President – Legal, CS & Compliance Officer 
ACS No: 20257 
Encl: aa 
 
 
 
RAKESHKUMAR 
SANWARMAL 
SAINI
Digitally signed by RAKESHKUMAR 
SANWARMAL SAINI 
Date: 2025.05.06 17:38:28 +05'30'

Confidential 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Shoppers Stop Limited 
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Kavindra Mishra – Customer Care Associate – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer – Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
Mr. Karunakaran Mohanasundaram – Customer Care Associate – Chief Financial 
Officer – Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
Ms. Mamta Samat – Dentsu Creatives 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Shoppers Stop Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance joint the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Mamta Samat from Dentsu Creatives. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Samat. 
Mamta Samat: 
Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the Shoppers Stop Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us the senior management 
represented by Mr. Kavindra Mishra, Customer Care Associate, Managing Director 
and CEO; Mr. Karunakaran Mohanasundaram, Customer Care Associate, Chief 
Financial Officer. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management, after which 
we will have the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. I must remind you that 
the discussion in today's earnings call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter performance and to 
strategic questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with 
the IR team. 
 
I would now request Mr. Kavindra Mishra for the opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Thank you, Mamta, and thank you, Michelle. Hi. Good morning, everyone, and hope 
you all are doing well. I have with me Karuna, our CFO; Jaiprakash, our FP&A lead; 
and Rohit, our IR lead with me. We will also have Devang, our INTUNE lead at a later 
stage. The investor presentation is available on our corporate website and on stock 
exchange website. I request you to go through the same if we're not already done. 
 
Similar to last quarter, we have a few Slides with immersive experiences on our 
different campaigns. I would like to begin by sharing a perspective on the operating 
environment during the quarter, followed by our performance and the strategic 
objectives going forward. The overall sentiment improved as we progress despite the 
continuous advancement of end-of-season sale every year. 
 
I'm sure you would have viewed the Slides of H1 versus H2 performance of Shoppers 
Stop, which we had kept at the beginning of the investor deck. Especially for 
Shoppers, the secular trend of premiumization remained resilient with premium 
products growing ahead. This also indicates that consumer needs and aspirations to 
upgrade continue to evolve and the aspirations remain high. Let me cover this 
quarter's performance with key KPI metrics. 
 
First, let me start with customer entry. There has been a steady progress in the 
customer entry in the last 6 months. We had a marginal decline of 4% in March as 
against 9% decline at the beginning of the year. As I speak in April, we are witnessing 
customer entry at the same level as last year of April. 
 
Our ATV has been consistently increasing with 8% growth in quarter 4. In the last 2 
years, our ATV has increased by 17% and with 8% CAGR. Similar to ATV, our ASP has 
also increased by 4% and IPT by 4%. On the financial performance, non-GAAP, sales 
increased by 4% with 3% like-for-like. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Our EBITDA had a marginal growth of 2%. Our sales growth has been consistent in 
Departmental stores and profitability trends are improving. Our new business 
INTUNE had a tough January and February month due to the overall slowness in value 
fashion and that partly offset the profit otherwise we would have made this quarter. 
 
On the GAAP accounts, due to the large store opening, particularly in INTUNE, we 
have additional depreciation and interest as per IndAS 116 of INR15 crores. If you 
need any specific details, Karuna can provide that post my speech. We had a marginal 
decline in Beauty segment for the first time in the last 8 quarters. This is primarily due 
to aggressive offers in the market on value and masstige products. We preferred full 
price sales with sustained profitability. 
 
We opened 21 stores, which includes 15 INTUNE stores, 5 Departmental stores and 1 
Beauty store. For the full year, we have opened 73 stores comprising of 52 INTUNE, 
9 Department, 7 Beauty and 5 HomeStop stores. In summary, we invested Rs 52 
crores for the quarter and Rs160 crores for the full year in capex and Rs 32 crores in 
deposits for the full year. 
 
For the full year, we reported revenue of Rs 5,427 crores as an increase of 4% over 
last year. Our Beauty reported sales of Rs 907 crores is an increase of 2% and private 
brands reported sales of Rs 639 crores declined by 7% versus FY '24, though for Q4, it 
remained flat. For the full year, we reported an EBITDA of Rs 183 crores, PBT of Rs 18 
crores and PAT of Rs 23 crores. 
 
Our margins have increased in private brands, helping us to achieve an increase in 
margins by 730 bps in Q4 and 530 bps for the full year. This is primarily due to 
increased premiumness, sharpness in positioning and better inventory control. In the 
last 2 quarters, our Departmental stores business have outperformed with 
improvements in customer entries and other KPIs. 
 
I'm extremely glad to share that the largest format has managed to achieve growth 
in all parameters. I've been saying for the last 2, 3 quarters that we are rationalizing 
costs. At the like-to-like level in Departmental stores, the costs are largely contained, 
except marginal increase in rent. 
 
We have taken a conservative view of some of the expenses while creating tax 
provisions. However, post the tax audits and based on past assessments, we are sure 
that these expenses can be claimed as reduction. And consequently, we have onetime 
favourable impact in creating deferred tax assets of Rs 7 crores, resulting in negative 
tax for this month. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
I've covered the performance and KPIs. Let me now dwell on premiumization and 
marketing campaigns, which resulted in enormous success for FY '25, especially in the 
second half. And I'm confident this will yield further improvement in overall revenue 
and other KPIs in FY '26, too. 
 
Our first key driver for a momentous change in India's consumer landscape is 
undergoing is a remarkable transformation driven by demographic changes, 
economic growth and evolving aspirations. The shift towards premiumization reflects 
deep socioeconomic trends as consumers transition from prioritizing value for money 
to embracing quality, innovation and aspirational products. 
 
We at Shoppers recognize this 18 months back and have constantly increased our 
premiumization in our stores through offering to customers. Changing the store 
image to our customers as one-stop destination to purchase all the premium products 
from apparels to non-apparel. 
 
We approach proration in following ways, personalized campaigns that align with 
premium customers' preferences and habits, diversified the product range with new 
product lines and opportunity categories and improved customer journey to the 
premium seeking customer. Cross-selling to increase the overall basket size and lastly, 
adjust promotional strategies to align customer preferences. This has resulted in 2 
significant changes for us. 
 
On ASP and ATV, as I spoke a few minutes back, has increased significantly. I also 
request you to please go through the Page 4 and 5 of the investor deck, wherein we 
had listed the premium products listed in the last 24 months in Shoppers Stop. 
 
I also want to add that there are 2 marketing campaigns, which are extremely 
successful in FY '25. First being India Weds Shoppers Stop, a comprehensive initiative 
offering a wide range of wedding created products and services. The campaign aims 
to be a one-stop destination for all wedding-related shopping needs catering to bride, 
grooms and guests. 
 
It includes a curated collection of wedding attire, beauty products, fragrances, gifts 
as well as personalized assistance through wedding concierge services. We enrolled 
25,000 customers with an aggregate sale of Rs 106 crores in the last quarter and ATV 
of Rs 44,000. 
 
Gifts of Love, a campaign is a selection of gifts suitable for various occasions to 
express affection. The campaign focuses on celebrating different types of love with a 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 5 of 20 
 
diverse range of products available online and in-store, including apparel, beauty, 
home decor and accessories. 
 
Other than this, we also collaborated with Zee TV for Shaadi Mubarak show the show 
which airs on &TV on ZEE5, features influencer couples and highlight Shoppers Stop 
as the go-to destination for wedding shopping. The collection includes outfits and 
gifts and viewers are encouraged to visit Shoppers Stop stores or online to explore 
the offerings. 
 
Let me talk about the capital allocation. Overall, for the year, we had invested Rs 192 
crores in fixed assets and deposits and another Rs 126 crores in working capital, 
primarily in our businesses of INTUNE and Beauty. This has resulted in an increased 
borrowing of Rs 137 crores during the year. The increased borrowings are primarily 
to finance our new business working capital visa INTUNE and Global SSBeauty, 
besides a few brands which we have onboarded at Shoppers. 
 
However, we are trying to reduce the working capital by INR100 crores and for FY '26, 
our entire capex will be funded through internal accrual. We expect the borrowing to 
reduce significantly by the end of this fiscal. 
 
First Citizen. Our First Citizen contributed 82% with 12.3 million First Citizen 
customers. Our repeat customers are now 69%, and it grew by 3.3% versus last year. 
As you observed, the contribution from FC customers have been consistently at 80% 
throughout the year. Our Premium Black Card customers contributed 19% with a 
growth of 38%. 
 
We had the highest enrolments of First Citizen Silver Card during the quarter. We had 
several programs from our First Citizen members to engage them and have a unique 
customer experience. This with increased customer entry augurs well for future 
growth and the confidence of customers in Shoppers Stop. 
 
Personal Shoppers. Our Personal Shoppers continue to contribute 24% of total sales 
with an increase of 48%. Our faith in investing in this program have yielded 
satisfactory results with the sales from Personal Shoppers exceeding Rs 1,000 crores 
last fiscal. As we are on the journey of premiumization of customer experience, we 
believe Personal Shoppers is an important asset to drive revenue and experience 
both. 
 
Department formats. Let me talk about Shoppers Stop first. I've discussed the of our 
Departmental Store. Our Malad store post renovation has improved its productivity 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 6 of 20 
 
significantly. As I speak to you, we are engaging with a number of international brands 
to have in our Departmental stores to increase the premium quotient. Our 
Department Store for the quarter had a strong like-for-like growth of 3.5%. 
 
The investments made in marketing campaigns, renovations and contemporary 
brands continue to have positive results, such as 2 quarters of mid-LFL profitable 
growth. We are witnessing revival in Departmental stores with increased customer 
entry and conversion due to our unique customer journey, a key pillar of profitable 
growth for FY '25 and is expected to increase in FY '26. As I said before, for the last 2 
consecutive quarters, this format has achieved all the KPIs. 
 
Beauty. On a stand-alone basis, Beauty revenue declined by 6%, but at consolidated 
levels, it has increased by 3%. At a consolidated level, our Beauty sales were at Rs 264 
crores for the quarter. And for the full year, it was approximately Rs 1,100 crores. We 
had several customer engagements programs such as Beauty Carnival in Inorbit 
Malad, 10 beauty soirée events and beauty workshops. In addition to that, we have 
increased our social media presence on YouTube, Instagram and all the relevant 
channels. 
 
Let me talk about Global SSBeauty. Our 100% subsidiary started 2 years back has 
reported nearly 100% increase in sales this year with a sales of Rs 236 crores with 
EBITDA increasing by 3x. We've added 4 boutique EBOs of the work, including 3 for 
Armani and 1 store for Prada, besides POS counter with our retail partners. We have 
also partnered with Zepto to ensure that these products are available in shortest time 
and Wellness Forever for wider distribution. 
 
Let me talk about INTUNE now. We had a challenging Q4 for INTUNE. We had high 
offers in January leading to lower margins. You are aware that this is the first full year 
of INTUNE, and we'll be able to do the course collection as we increase the sales. As I 
said before, during the quarter, we opened 15 stores and plan to open another 12 
stores during this quarter. 
 
I reiterate that we are staying firm and we will continue to invest in INTUNE. We 
believe that there are significant opportunities in value fashion as they are largely 
unorganized and untapped. We are fairly confident that the fiscal 2026 will be a 
stronger story. We also -- and I think Devang will talk about it, that how the business 
has grown and how the business has picked up in the last 2 months. 
 
Now we'll talk about the outlook for the coming year. I firmly believe that our industry 
is expected to maintain the growth momentum in 2025, driven by rising disposable 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 7 of 20 
 
incomes, urbanization and a growing middle class. We'll focus on premiumization, 
focus on customer-centric experiences and increasing adoption of technology, 
particularly artificial intelligence and automation. 
 
IMD has forecasted a good monsoon, which augurs growth momentum for our 
industry. I believe from Q2 retail growth should gain further momentum. We'll focus 
on key strategic pillars such as brands, beauty and expansion. We are confident our 
Beauty business will continue to grow and our 100% subsidiary, Global SSBeauty, will 
have another record year in FY '26. 
 
We are planning to expand this fiscal by opening 6 to 7 Departmental stores and with 
market conditions improving close to 40 to 60 INTUNE stores. At the operational level, 
we will also invest in marketing through our campaigns to drive both our short- and 
long-term strategic priorities as our past results have been very encouraging. We are 
continuously rationalizing the cost, and we are confident we'll sustain this year as 
well. 
 
I will conclude with this now and take the questions from you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand on the margin bit. Now this year, if I look at the other 
expenses line item, it's seen a 20% increase. And this year has not been a very large 
year in terms of area expansion. So even if I look at overall area, including INTUNE, 
it's up just 5%. So just wanted to understand what is the nature of these other 
expenses over the year? And can we see a moderation going forward and some bit of 
color on that? 
Karunakaran M.: 
I think you are referring the GAAP numbers. I mean if you refer to non-GAAP numbers, 
the increase is 10 percentage, primarily coming on your new businesses. I mean, more 
than half of them is coming in on INTUNE businesses. That's the reason there's an 
increase of expenses in 10 percentage. 
 
As Kavi said, at the LFL level in the departmental store, we are largely flat, probably 
1% or 2% increase, and that is also coming from the departmental stores. I mean, just 
to conclude, the increase is primarily because of the new businesses what we have. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. So just a follow-up on that. So this year, full year is around 3%, even if I look 
at the non-GAAP margin overall, and I don't include other income in this. So there 
could be some differences in our both calculations. But how do you see this going 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 8 of 20 
 
forward? Let's say, the LFL growth pickup, which is contingent on overall demand, 
that doesn't happen. Do you see further moderation in this number? Or we are good 
at this number, at least maintaining this number even if it's a soft year for us? 
Karunakaran M.: 
Sameer, it's a very hypothetical question, Sameer. We do expect a decent LFL growth 
this year. As I said, I think, again, Kavi said during the entire -- we have rationalized all 
the cost. Last year was -- we had a good reduction in the cost. And if something 
doesn't come up to the expectations, we will go back to the drawing board, and then 
we'll see what best we can do about that. But at the cost level, we are almost flat 
versus last year. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
And just to add what Karuna has said, if you look at the first half versus second half 
performance for Shoppers Stop and especially for the box, we can really see a lot of 
momentum happening in terms of the like-for-like and the customer entry is also 
going in. So I think we are in a very good -- in the right way in which we should be in 
our business. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. One last, if I may squeeze in. So INTUNE, I heard you have mentioned 40 to 60 
store additions in FY '26. Now when we started FY '25, we had planned 75-plus stores, 
if I remember correctly. We have ended up with some 50 stores. Going forward, the 
guidance is around 40 to 60. So is it because -- I mean, our initial calibration, we had 
assumed things which haven't panned out. Are there logistical constraints in opening 
that many stores? Just wanted to understand. 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Sameer, for the question. First of all, the FY '25 closure was more an 
environment constraint. I think we were all aware of the environmental limitations 
that were put on the NCR territory as far as construction was concerned. That set us 
back by 45 days, which is why we ended at a few stores short of what our estimate 
was. Otherwise, the pace continued consistently throughout the year. 
 
Going forward also, the intention is now we've got a strong network of stores, and 
we have our job cut out in terms of improving productivity of operating stores and 
incorporating our learnings on an ongoing basis. So that's what we are doing. While 
at a management level, we stay committed to expanding INTUNE at a fast pace. 
 
So I think Kavi mentioned 40 to 60 stores this year. And I think that number does not 
have a constraint of getting increased in the middle of the year as the outlook 
improves. So I think 40 to 60 is the bare minimum expectation that the management 
has put. There is no upper limit to how many stores we will open. I hope that 
addresses your concern. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, my first question again is with regards to the margins. So by margins, if I put 
Sameer's question the other way around, hypothetically, if we do achieve a mid-
single-digit kind of SSSG for the coming year, that is FY '26, what kind of margins at 
least can we expect given you already worked so much on cost and then the other 
environment also kind of picks up. So what kind of margins would you be targeting 
over the next couple of years? 
Karunakaran M.: 
We would be targeting slightly higher than mid-level EBITDA margins. Again, I'm 
talking about non-EBITDA Gaurav -- non-GAAP sorry. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, sir. And this would be, sir, largely driven by the leverage benefits, right? 
Karunakaran M.: 
Absolutely right. It will be primarily driven by the leverage benefits, you are spot on. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is with regards to INTUNE. I mean I did hear in the 
opening remarks, you mentioned that due to the higher discounting, the profitability 
in INTUNE was impacted. But in general, also would like to understand your 
perspective of the overall environment because if you look at the other value apparel 
retailers, they have reported very strong SSG growth numbers. In fact, the store 
additions have also remained strong over the last quarter as well. So, any 
differentiation that we see? What is the reason for the same here? 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Gaurav. I think if you look at the 71-store network that INTUNE has, the 
majority of those stores are less than 6 months old. And when we try and break this 
down into stores which are more than 1 year old, more than 6 months old, and less 
than 6 months old, there is a very clear trend line of improving productivity that we 
see. 
 
So I think the broader sense that you have of the value fashion retail, we are also 
seeing. It's just that our network average age is a lot younger than what the mature 
brands have. That is point number one. 
 
And point number two, I think pertaining to the outlook, we are also equally confident 
of INTUNE matching, if not beating the industry standards. I think Kavi also echoed 
that in his initial comments. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. So given that by next year, a good chunk of your stores will be completing a 
year. And given the overall momentum that we are seeing in the value fashion, there 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 10 of 20 
 
is a high expectation of at least high single-digit to low double-digit kind of an SSG. 
Would you echo with that sentiment? Or it would be any different for you? 
Devang Parikh: 
No, we would. I think that's what we are seeing also. I think as we age, the LFL growth 
will become more and more relevant for us, and we are seeing the trend of older 
stores becoming much better as they age. So I think I echo that sentiment 
wholeheartedly. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. And just lastly, again, on I, if you can throw out what kind of revenue per square 
feet numbers you would be clocking in stores at least, which are 6 months or older? 
Devang Parikh: 
So older stores, Gaurav, are north of 10,000 SPF on an annualized run rate. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My first question is on the departmental stores opening. Initially, last year, we had 
guided for 12 to 15 stores opening. We ended with 9 stores and we closed 9 stores. 
Now FY '26, we are guiding 6 gross stores opening. And I'm assuming there will be 2, 
3 more store closures. So again, we will be ending up at 3 or 4 stores opening, which 
is less than 4% of area addition. 
 
And on that, if you are talking of 4%, 5% SSG growth, the growth in departmental 
stores will be single-digit. Is that a good understanding despite premiumizing, 
footfalls are still weak and ATVs are increasing, KPIs are doing better, but the growth 
is going to be single digit in department store? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Yes. I think, Ankit, see, as we mentioned, the KPIs are all looking good. My sense is 
that the customer entries have made a big U-turn. So, from where we were at the 
start of the year, we have actually turned it completely around. And April, as we 
speak, would be a 0% or a little bit in positive. 
 
In terms of number of opening of stores, we are guiding at 6 to 7. We are always open 
to any opportunistic thing. But I think we just want to be very careful that the 
departmental store business for us is a profitable growth channel. So while we are 
investing aggressively in Beauty and INTUNE. 
 
The profit should be thrown by the departmental stores. So I'm not worried on that 
extent. Also, what we are trying to do is  and as we speak, most of our bulk of our 
store closures have already been done. So you will see the positive impact of that 
coming in the profitability as well. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
So I think the right way and if some great store comes in because we are also  because 
departmental stores being departmental stores and big projects, we are also at times 
hampered by the availability of the right location, right mall. So I think fundamentally, 
because this piece is doing well, we are not limiting it. But the visibility right now in 
terms of what we can open for sure is this. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Just a follow-up on that. If I look at Westside, they opened 40 stores with an average 
incremental store size of 30,000 square feet. So, what is the difference between their 
stores and our store? And why are they getting availability? 
 
Is the rental difference, or we are looking only at malls and they are looking at high 
street locations, and we are adverse for going to high street given the view on captive 
footfalls of the mall? Or is it a balance sheet strength where we don't want to take 
debt and grow, and only from internal accruals, and hence, we are opening single-
digit stores? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
I think it's an amazing question, Ankit, but 2, 3 parts of it. One is the nature of the 
product which they sell versus us is very different. The price points at which we 
operate and Westside is very different. So the catchments are very different, number 
one. 
 
Number two, we would prefer to open in the malls because I think that's something 
where we get the captive footfalls, and I think that's a very positive for us. And third, 
I think most importantly, as I said, Shoppers is a profitable growth business, and we 
will obviously look at the balance sheet and say that we want to grow through internal 
accruals and reduce our debt. I think that's a clear plan which we have for this year, 
and we would like to work around that. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. My next question is for Devang. Devang, within the half - 1.5 years operation, 
we have closed some include stores as well. What is the learning which we have in 
the last 1.5 years on the store closures, which type of stores are working for us, be it 
malls, high street, Tier 2, metros? And incrementally, where is the addition coming? 
Because in 71 stores, we're already in 30 cities. So we have a good knowledge of Pan-
India presence where we are. So, where will we incrementally add new stores? 
Devang Parikh: 
Thanks, Ankit. Ankit, the learnings, as you said, are very clear and deep. So I think 
what we've seen is -- one good part for us is North, West and South, all the 3 regions 
where we have a strong presence. We are equally doing well in each region. So it 
doesn't come across as that a region is very good or very bad for us. That's a good 
starting point. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
Secondly, we've seen that malls tend to be a lot better than high street or stand-alone 
stores for us. The gestation period is lower. So I think we've consciously tried to over-
index malls. That's the second point. 
 
The third point is on learnings around the store closures. So I think all the 3 store 
closures that we've had were predominantly catchments where organic walk-in flow 
was very, very low. And even though internal efficiencies were significantly better 
than the average efficiencies that INTUNE stores have, the cost-benefit analysis of 
pumping in money to get bare minimum number of walk-ins was just not making 
sense. 
 
So I think going forward also, we will be ruthless about where we don't see the light 
at the end of the tunnel in terms of organic flow of walk-ins, we will take hard calls. 
So these were the overall learnings. I hope this addresses some of your questions. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. And just the last one, if I may, on inventory. How is our inventory in INTUNE? 
Typically, we are working on how many turns at the store level? And from a supply 
chain perspective, because some of the other retailers are having weekly drops, their 
turns are more than 1 a month. So just wanted to understand that on INTUNE, how 
is that moving? 
Devang Parikh: 
Yes. So I think from the very beginning, what we've used as a guidance is a 6-week 
cover in the stores and barring some blips on overall demand up and down, that 
guidance still holds on. As far as freshness -- I mean, as far as the movement of turns 
is concerned, I think we've also mentioned in the deck that we started doing weekly 
fashion drops. And I think that's something that this format needs to do. 
 
And we are seeing a significant improvement in the initial throughput of new launches 
now that we've got the cadence of weekly fashion. So I think 6 weeks at a store level 
is the guidance. We are more or less there unless there's a bad month where on virtue 
of a lower sale, the cover shoots up. But in absolute terms, the inventory at the store 
is pretty much what we intended for it to be from the beginning. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Varun Singh from Alpha Accurate 
Advisors. 
Varun Singh: 
My question is on INTUNE. Just wanted to understand maybe the similarities between 
our format and purely from the operations and the supply chain perspective with 
regards to how we are handling the inventory and even maybe the dead inventory or 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 13 of 20 
 
slow-moving inventory, how -- I mean, what are the similarities between us and 
Zudio, if you can highlight that? That's my first question. 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Varun. I think we are -- the first similarities is we are in the -- broadly the 
same space of value fashion. So all the aspects of the business which come on virtue 
of being in the value fashion space apply to us. Fast fashion, frequent drops, 
obsolescence on account of age, low margins, high volume, all of those factors are 
common, right? 
 
On your question on how the dead inventory is managed, so we do 2 end-of-season 
sales, in Jan and one in July. So the intention is to pull back merchandise once it's past 
its full price prime, hold it in our warehouses, and relaunch it in the EOSS cycles to 
liquidate as best as possible within the branch premises. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes, sure. So basically, we are pulling out the inventory back to the warehouse, and 
then during Jan and July, we would be getting all those to the stores and then would 
be discounting. Will that understanding be correct? 
Devang Parikh: 
Yes, cut sizes will get pulled back so that we can make space for new launches during 
the full price period. Exactly. That's the correct understanding. 
Varun Singh: 
All right, sure. And with regards to supply chain integration with our existing like 
Shoppers Stop store, will it be different for INTUNE? Or will it be integrated for both 
Departmental store and INTUNE? 
Devang Parikh: 
So we are using the same warehousing and logistics infrastructure that Shoppers Stop 
as a company has, and we are fully leveraging that. It is giving us a lot of benefit 
because there is an existing system in place and a cadence is already in place. 
 
When it comes to the external part of the supply chain, which is the supplier base and 
the inbound, that is almost entirely unique from Shoppers Stop because the price 
point of certain product is very different, so the supplier base is different. But internal 
infrastructure is 100% common between the 2. 
Varun Singh: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, on the 71 count of store that we have for INTUNE, like roughly 
what percentage of that would be mall index stores compared to -- and what would 
be that number for Zudio? 
Devang Parikh: 
I don't think I would know the Zudio number, but for us, 60% is mall and 40% is high 
street of standalone. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Varun Singh: 
And sir, like during -- on 15th of Jan '25, we spoke about Rs 11,000 per square feet for 
mature store in case of INTUNE. And in this call, you called out around INR10,000 
revenue per square feet. But I think Rs 10,000 to Rs 11,000 that number stays intact, 
right? 
Devang Parikh: 
Yes. I said it's upward of Rs 10,000. And I think Kavi mentioned that we had a month 
of poor demand, which is what pulled the average down. But I think we are on the 
same path when it comes to March and April. And month-on-month we are becoming 
better. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay. And like from Rs 11,000 to Rs 14,000, Rs 15,000, that journey is quite possible, 
right? 
Devang Parikh: 
It is possible. 
Varun Singh: 
How comfortable would you be? 
Devang Parikh: 
It is very much possible and the Rs 10,000 to Rs 11,000 is an average. We've already 
seen that journey happen in a part of a mature store network. So that is something 
that we've already seen and we know the route to taking the other stores also on that 
direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jeyaprakash, a Retail Investor. 
Jeyaprakash: 
Compared to last year, year-on-year, the profit has been almost down to more than 
95%. Despite saying your top line growth or top line is flat, you have happened many 
INTUNE stores and Department stores also. How would you expect or forecast the 
next 6 months? 
Karunakaran M.: 
Jeyaprakash, thanks for your question. At the EBITDA level, if you have seen it on the 
non-GAAP numbers, it's down by 19 percentage. And we have also given H1 and H2 
Slide at the beginning of the investor deck. Kavi spoke in the last 2 quarters that H1 -
- I mean, the quarter 1 and quarter 2 because of a number of reasons, we had 
elections. Overall, the sentiments were low in the -- and that's the reason the overall 
EBITDA had declined versus last year. 
 
But if you have seen in the second quarter, our second half, I'm sorry, our EBITDA has 
increased by 16 percentage. Even at the non-GAAP level, the PBT has increased by 10 
percentage. So the sentiments are improving. The customer demand has been 
improving. And we believe with this, this year will have a decent growth on all the 
KPIs, that is sales, EBITDA and profit. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Jeyaprakash: 
Next 6 months -- I mean, next 2 quarters is going to be neutral because, again, after 
festival season comes in the October only, after seeing last year performance, have 
you found any new strategies or anything that's going to attract the new customers 
to visit your -- increase the footprint? Is there anything on the -- on your table? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Mr. Jeyaprakash, so this is Kavi here. So we spoke about building the marketing 
campaigns, the India Weds Shoppers Stop, Gifts of Love. So the idea is that we create 
-- and we've been working on this for the last 18 months to create Shoppers Stop as 
a destination, which is for a specific kind of customer which you want to drive in. I 
think we have been seeing some very good results of this over the last 6 months or 
so. Even April looks good and strong. 
 
So my sense is that the action points in terms of driving traffic to the stores, in terms 
of creating differentiation through different kind of brands and products and through 
our personal shopper, we have been able to get higher KPIs getting delivered. So I 
think we are in a good -- we are in a very good space right now in the department 
store business, and we expect H1 to be far better than what was it last fiscal and H2 
to continue the growth which we are in. So I think we are quite confident, Mr. 
Jeyaprakash. 
Jeyaprakash: 
Okay. How about the borrowing, sir? Can you throw some light on your borrowings 
in year-on-year basis? 
Karunakaran M.: 
Borrowing, yes. Again, if you have seen last year, we have increased the working 
capital because of 2 new businesses, plus some of the brands we had in our stores 
because of premiumization. This year, we have taken a conscious call, one, to reduce 
the inventory, and that should reduce our overall total borrowings. 
 
And plus even the new stores, we have taken 6 to 7 stores. So that will be primarily 
funded from internal accruals. So to answer your question, we do expect our 
borrowings to come down significantly this year. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, we are picking up from multiple sources in consumption basket, especially in 
discretionary that Southern India and Western India are kind of lagging behind 
especially the urban markets on revival side. So any such regional nuances that you 
can share from your numbers? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Good morning, Tejash. Yes. So I think when we look at the region-wise concentration 
of demand, so what we are seeing is that North, West and East continue to be strong. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 16 of 20 
 
We do see some pockets of slowness in South, especially in the Andhra, Telangana 
market. But otherwise, Karnataka continues to be strong. We don't have much of 
distribution in Tamil Nadu, so we won't be able to give you a detailed view of that. 
 
But my sense is that except the market which I just mentioned, demand continues to 
be strong. And we are very happy that North actually has really picked up, which was 
slow for the last 2 to 3 years, and I think we can see some very good growth coming 
out from there and so in East as well. West continues to be steady for us. 
Tejash Shah: 
And second and last question is on INTUNE. So 60% of our IINTUNE density is actually 
in mall index. So mathematically, if we do the math with 30%, 35% range of gross 
margin, which usually value retailers want to operate at, most of them, not all, most 
of them say that high street or very expensive high street or malls are not designed 
for that kind of construct unless you hit that INR15,000 per square feet kind of 
number. So just wanted to know about INR10,000, INR11,000 are those mall best 
stores profitable or they are margin dilutive for us? 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you for the question, Tejash. Two things. I think I also mentioned some time 
back that mall stores have done significantly better for us. So the number that we've 
quoted is the average across mall and high street stores for stores which are more 
than a year old. Within this, mall stores are better than the high street stores. So that 
answers part of your question. 
 
Secondly, I think if you see the selection of malls, selection of sites within the malls, I 
think you will appreciate that we've been very consciously frugal about making sure 
that there is an affordability correlation in place, which is also one of the reasons why 
we are now after 70, 75 stores, we are slowing down to make sure we continue 
getting the right properties. 
 
So I think mall stores not only are more profitable, not only are they generating more 
sales, they're also generating more profits for us. And that's the direction that we see 
for an overall improvement in June productivity. I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swati Madnani from Madhwani Wealth Solutions 
LLP. 
Swati Madnani: 
My question is on the Beauty side. Is there any I mean, criteria for selecting the 
brands? And let's say, you cover majority of the brand. So what is going to be the 
strategy going ahead? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Thanks, Swati. My understanding is that this is more for the distribution business, 
which you are asking us about. Is that the question? 
Swati Madnani: 
Yes. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, I think in distribution, we work across all levels. So we have the L'Oreal or the LID 
brands with us. So we have the exclusive partnership with Armani. We have 
something very amazing going with Prada and Valentino. But we also have, for 
example, we spoke about we have just launched NOTE. We have just launched MESSI. 
 
So as a genuine distributor, we work across price points and categories to ensure that 
we are able to deliver the best of the distribution channels, right? So in the sense that 
the distribution for Armani would be very different from that of NOTE and MESSI. 
 
But that way we are agnostic. I think wherever we feel through our channels that 
there is a demand for the customer, as a distributor, we try to cover those things. I 
think there's a specialist team which sits here and works on this. So whether it's a 
masstige or prestige, we operate across both the segments. 
Swati Madnani: 
Okay. That answers the question. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
And if you talk about categories, we do makeup, we do skin and we do fragrances. So 
across categories. 
Swati Madnani: 
Yes. Actually, my question on the criteria for selecting these brands? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So the criteria is the brand equity, brand awareness, the kind of revenue they can 
generate for us, margins, I think, which any distributor would do for any business, 
right? The availability of the brand to be distributed widely is one of the key things 
for its reference for its target customer. 
Swati Madnani: 
Okay. And after covering majority of these brands, then what is going to be your 
strategy? 
Karunakaran M.: 
Sorry? 
Swati Madnani: 
Let's say, on SSBeauty stores. So when you cover majority of these brands, what is 
going to be your strategy going ahead? Like is it going to be store expansions or what? 
Karunakaran M.: 
So I'm not clear on your question, Swati. I thought your initial question was on the 
distribution. -- The distribution has just started. We have 3 large brands, and we are 
increasing the brands, because that's the way the distribution business is -- 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 18 of 20 
 
conducted. Second one if you're saying, what is your question on SSBeauty stores? 
Are you saying that these products would be available on SSBeauty stores? Are you 
asking that question? 
Swati Madnani: 
No, I'm just asking that, let's say, when you cover majority of these brands, premium 
brands, then what is going to be your strategy after covering these? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Okay. No, there are so many I think there are lots of brands. It will take some time for 
us to, A, onboard the new brands, B, ensuring that we are able to distribute them to 
the right potential, which is there. I think the market size is something which is huge. 
And for the existing brands, you build the depth in distribution and then for the -- and 
then you keep on getting newer brands. 
 
I think the journey has just started, Swati. I can't imagine that so early, we are going 
to be in this saturation point. That's one. Also, this business for us as a company 
generates very healthy ROCE. So we'll continue to expand this business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Bajaj from Lucky Investment Managers. 
Yash Bajaj: 
So, I had a question regarding INTUNE. I just wanted to understand the pricing range 
of INTUNE. And I also wanted to understand in terms of I mean, not currently because 
it's a 1, 1.5-year-old concept, but just trying to understand for the future, any 
thoughts regarding the pricing strategy? If you would like to have any price hike, how 
would you go about it? That's my first question. 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Yash. Let me first address the first part of the question. So like a lot of 
other players in the value fashion space, our products average around INR400 to 
INR450. We start from as low as INR149, and we end everything at INR999. That's the 
pricing structure that we've followed from day 1, and we've stuck to it. 
 
And to answer the second part of your question, as of now there is no strategic clarity 
or intention of increasing prices. I think we've just started this journey, and we will 
build more on this before we deviate from it, if at all we do. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Okay. Got it. And just a follow-up on that. So I mean, like the previous participant was 
just talking about it being a 30%, 35% gross margin kind of a concept. Again, is this 
how we are seeing it today or INTUNE as a concept has the wings to kind of go to a 
higher gross margin than the current one, I mean suppose 3, 4 years down the line? 
Devang Parikh: 
I think as the business matures, the route has to be a margin improvement, of course. 
I think the margin improvement will be on both counts. One, as our volumes increase, 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 19 of 20 
 
we will start getting some supply leverage, which will give us a better cost. You've 
seen this happen in the bigger, older value fashion brands in the industry. 
 
And second is, as we get closer-and-closer to what our customer wants in terms of 
prediction, we will start getting better full price sell-through. So we've got 
improvement on full price sell-troughs. We've got cost benefits on account of going 
from 5-10 stores to 70 stores, and I think that journey will continue. So we should see 
improvement in the delivered margin to a few hundred basis points over the next 2, 
3 years for sure. That's the intention. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Understood. And one last question is, like you alluded that the mall stores are doing 
better than the high street stores. And the mix today is 60%-40% do you see this mix 
changing more towards the mall stores going forward? Or this mix is more or less 
going to be the same? 
Devang Parikh: 
I think in the immediate future, I don't see this mix changing dramatically. So it should 
be more or less in that same space in the immediate future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, just one clarification that is required. The end of the season sales that we drive in 
Q2 and Q4, are the provisioning also taken of stocks during the quarter or 
provisioning is a regular function and taken every quarter? 
Karunakaran M.: 
You are spot on, Gaurav. Thanks for that question. On our own brands, we take 
provision once a quarter. And for, I mean, other brands, we take once in 6 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
On INTUNE, I missed if you have called out the LFL number for the quarter? 
Karunakaran M.: 
Sorry. INTUNE has just started the business. I mean, last year, we had 22 stores and 
this year, we have close to 75 stores. So at this expansion, it will be a bit difficult to 
calculate the LFL. I mean, consciously, we did not pay any LFL for INTUNE right now. 
Let's has what we call it, one full cycle of close to 70 stores to 80 stores and then we 
can measure that. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure. And the other point is the 3 closures which you had, what was the same-store 
square feet number they were clocking at which you decided to…. 
Karunakaran M.: 
Sorry, what was it? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2025 
 
Confidential 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Rajiv Bharati: 
The 3 closures? 
Devang Parikh: 
Rajiv, getting into individual stores, SPSF may not be feasible. But I think I just 
mentioned a few minutes back that all these 3 stores, we were significantly behind in 
terms of the organic flow of customer entry that we were expecting. And therefore, 
obviously, the sales were far lower than what we were expecting, which led us to 
close. We did not see the gap being bridged through our marketing efforts. So 
significant underachievement is where I could put it without giving a specific number 
to it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will conclude the Q&A session now. Thank you, 
members of the management. On behalf of Shoppers Stop Limited, thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
