 
 
 
April 29, 2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400 001 
(SYMBOL: THYROCARE) 
 
 
 
              (SCRIP CODE 539871) 
 
Sub : Transcript of post results earnings conference call held on April 23, 2025 
with Analysts / Investors. 
Ref 
: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with Analysts and 
Investors held on April 23, 2025. 
 
The same has also been made available on the website of the Company  
https://investor.thyrocare.com/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
Brijesh Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brijesh Kumar
Digitally signed by Brijesh Kumar 
Date: 2025.04.29 13:29:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
Q4 & Annual Results FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
April 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GUHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THYROCARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK KUMAR JAGNANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN CHUGH – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER – 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. KAPIL GUPTA – STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Thyrocare Technologies Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil Gupta from Thyrocare Technologies Limited. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Kapil Gupta: 
Thank you, Yashashri. A very good evening to all and thank you for joining us today for the 
Thyrocare Earnings Conference Call for Q4 and annual results of FY '25. 
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Rahul Guha, MD and CEO of Thyrocare; Mr. Alok Kumar Jagnani, 
CFO of Thyrocare; and Mr. Nitin Chugh, Chief Commercial Officer of Thyrocare along with 
other key members of the senior management on this call to share highlights of the business and 
financials for the quarter and the annual results. 
 
I hope you have gone through our results release, the quarterly earnings presentation and press 
release which has now been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website. The transcript of this call 
will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please note that today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to our 
business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, please feel free to 
reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul Guha to make the opening remarks. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thanks, Kapil. Good evening and welcome to all on the call. Just a quick introduction to us on 
the call. My name is Rahul Guha, and I am the MD and CEO of Thyrocare. And thank you for 
the opportunity to present the Q4 and annual results of FY '25. I am joined with my colleagues, 
Alok Kumar Jagnani, who is our CFO; Nitin Chugh, who is our Chief Commercial Officer; and 
Kapil Gupta, who is part of our Strategy and Investor Relations team. 
 
As in all my calls, I will start with a quote from Nelson Mandela in recognition of our foray into 
Africa. "It is in your hands to make a better world for all who live in it." And we believe 
Thyrocare can bring our business model to Africa to make affordable and good quality 
diagnostics available to all. 
 
Before we get into the details of the quarter, I'll reiterate the pay-for-performance pricing 
structure that we implemented in 2023. Earlier, our discount structure was one size fits all, but 
now we have moved to a slab-based pricing model, which we implemented in May of 2023. It's 
been close to 2 years since that implementation, and this has led to an increased energy within 
our franchise network, with motivation to move up volumes and enter higher slabs. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
It will result in a movement towards larger franchisees and enable much greater reach from our 
large partners. In the quarterly presentation, you will see how that strategy is panning out in 
terms of the new partner addition and the rate at which they are scaling year-on-year. 
 
Quality remains our highest priority, and we see it as a continuous journey of improvement and 
innovation. We are immensely proud to share that we are India's first and only 100% NABL 
accredited national laboratory chain. This prestigious milestone reflects our unwavering 
commitment to delivering world-class diagnostic services, and it is the result of relentless 
dedication to quality excellence. 
 
Achieving NABL accreditation across all our labs has been made possible through the 
implementation of robust quality management systems, investments in cutting-edge technology 
and equipment, rigorous training programs for our staff and consistent participation in 
proficiency testing. Considering that only 2% of pathology labs nationwide hold this 
accreditation, this achievement is not just a significant milestone for us, but also a testament to 
our leadership in redefining diagnostic standards across India. 
 
Further, to validate our commitment to quality, we conducted an independent study published 
in the International Journal of Advanced Research, Ideas and Innovations in Technology. The 
findings revealed that 9 out of 10 doctors trust Thyrocare reports and confidently recommend 
our services to their patients. This recognition highlights the dedication and hard work we have 
consistently invested in upholding the highest standards of quality. 
 
Also, we were recognized and rewarded by the College of American Pathologists, CAP in short, 
for maintaining excellence in high quality laboratory care for 15 plus years. CAP is an 
international gold standard accreditation that represents the top-tier quality in pathology and 
laboratory medicine. 
 
We regularly host Advisory Board Meetings with a panel of esteemed doctors to gain their 
insights on enhancing our quality milestones. Doctors witness our cutting-edge technologies, 
stringent protocols, which reinforces our commitment to diagnostic excellence. 
 
I am proud to share under Thyrocare Anusandhan, our research wing, we conducted and 
published India's largest HbA1c study, analyzing 20 lakh results to provide deep insights into 
diabetic trends nationwide. We also studied nearly 1 lakh dengue cases, revealing a shift in 
transmission patterns in 2024, marked by early onset and regional surges, highlighting the need 
for timely and broader diagnostics beyond just platelet counts. 
 
Additionally, our cervical health study, based on 15,000 plus samples collected via preventive 
CAMS and screening, reinforced the value of regular Pap smear and LBCC tests in detecting 
early cancer signs and other cervical health issues. 
 
While maintaining the highest quality standards, on an average during FY '25, we released the 
report within 3.43 hours of the samples reaching the lab. This rapid turnaround is made possible 
by our robust operational processes, advanced automation systems and streamlined workflows. 
By combining precision with efficiency, we ensure timely and accurate diagnostics, empowering 
patients and healthcare providers to make informed decisions swiftly. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Beyond the work on quality, we continue to selectively expand our offering. Aarogyam has been 
our flagship brand in the preventive healthcare segment, and we have 2 more brands, Jaanch and 
Her Check. Jaanch, as I have said before, is targeted towards lifestyle challenges or for you to 
better understand your health. We have solutions across the spectrum for anything you might be 
worried about. Is it fever or something more serious? Why is my hair falling? Cancer screening, 
as well as deep investigations for common chronic diseases like diabetes, heart health, and of 
course, thyroid. 
 
We are very proud of some of the key milestones we've achieved in FY '25. We now have more 
than 11,000 plus active franchisees, and as a result, we processed 167.9 million tests, which 
grew by 14% year-on-year. It's important to contextualize this volume. If you add the volume of 
our competitors from their published reports, you will find that our test volume of 167.9 million 
is more than all the competitors combined. We served 16.7 million patients in the year, which 
increased by 11% year-on-year. 
 
We are regularly taking strategic initiatives to further expand our footprint. During FY '25, we 
acquired Polo Labs in July 2024, which is based out of Punjab with a wide presence in Punjab, 
Haryana and Himachal Pradesh. This allows us to expand our footprint in North India. 
 
We also acquired the Clinical Diagnostics business of Vimta Labs in October 2024. Vimta's 
Clinical Diagnostics division, with its established presence in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, 
offers us an excellent opportunity to further strengthen our presence in South India. This is in 
line with the pockets of white spaces strategy where we were looking for acquisitions in regions 
and I am very happy to say that both of these complement and will enhance our presence in areas 
where we have been vacant. 
 
Partnerships business did phenomenally well this year and grew as we onboarded new clients in 
health tech segments and continued to grow the existing accounts. Also, with the acquisition of 
Think Health last year, it has strengthened our offering for the insurance segment with the 
additional capability of ECG at Home. 
 
Now we are covering ECG at home services in 1,000 plus pin codes, with a dedicated fleet of 
170 ECG phlebotomists. This allows us to give our insurance partners a one-stop solution for 
blood and ECG testing and further deepen our presence in the pre-policy medical checkup and 
annual health checkup market. 
 
On the B2G side, we continue to execute TB projects in the state of Gujarat and Maharashtra. In 
Tanzania, since going live in March 2024 and processing our first sample in April, we have 
successfully partnered with over 150 healthcare facilities in Dar es Salaam. Our mission is to 
continuously collaborate with major hospitals, ensuring they have access to comprehensive 
diagnostic services. With our state-of-the-art laboratory equipped with world-class machines and 
infrastructure, we are poised to make a significant impact on healthcare in that region. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to my colleague, Nitin, to cover the highlights for the quarter 
and annual business performance. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you, Rahul. A warm welcome to everyone. First, I would like to start with our pillars of 
growth, which have been contributing strongly to our consistent performance. The first is 
customer success. The focus is to ensure accurately, timely and affordable diagnostic services 
through quality control, robust data management and customer support. With advanced 
technology and streamlined processes, we aim to enhance customer satisfaction.  
Launching live reports for our franchisee base as well as our B2C customers is a testament of 
our continuous work towards customer success. We've also added things like reminder service, 
turnaround time visibility, etcetera, to our franchise partners to help them build a stronger 
business for themselves. 
 
The second pillar is network expansion. We are deepening our presence across India by going 
deep into the country with our franchise network and through our acquisitions as well. We have 
moved to a transacting base of franchise of upwards of 11,000, and at the same time last year 
we closed this number at 9,400. Also on the partnership side, we are expanding our footprint 
going deep into the pre-policy medical checkup and annual health checkup in the insurance 
business. 
 
The third area where we are now focusing is to enhance our menu expansion and visibility. We 
are introducing a wider range of specialized tests and health packages for our partners and using 
targeted marketing to drive adoption and increase value for both our partners and our customers. 
We have launched histopathology in-house, FMS certified markers and many other new tests 
and profiles to our menu. 
 
Now I will briefly update you about the Q4 and annual business performance of FY '25. Overall, 
at a consolidated level, this year we did a 20% year-on-year revenue growth and this quarter we 
delivered 21% year-on-year revenue growth, primarily driven by our Pathology business. This 
includes 2% of revenue contribution coming from the inorganic growth contributed by Polo, 
Vimta and Think Health. 
 
Our franchise business for the year showed a revenue growth of 18% year-on-year and in Q4 
our franchise business showed a revenue growth of 22% year-on-year. We have started focusing 
towards opening a smaller lab in partnerships along with the franchisee and storefronts, which 
shall lead to higher processing capabilities and ultimately leading to a higher franchise business 
growth in coming quarters. 
 
Further, revenue per retained franchise has been consistently growing for the franchise added 
post FY '22. This has been possible because of our slab-based pricing model, improved quality, 
strengthening our relationship with doctors and channel partners and our test menu expansion. 
 
Our partnership business for the year grew by 27% year-on-year, whereas in this quarter, it 
showed a tremendous growth of 24%. If we exclude API, this year, our partnership business 
grew by 36% and this quarter, it grew by 40% year-on-year. Our API PharmEasy Diagnostics 
business, this grew by 11%. Radiology business including Pulse Hitech did a strong revenue 
growth of 14% year-on-year this year. 
 
With that, I will hand over to my colleague Alok to cover the financial results. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Alok Jagnani: 
Thank you, Nitin. A warm welcome to everyone joining us today. I want to begin by highlighting 
that while the pathology diagnostic industry is growing at an early to mid-teen rate, Thyrocare 
has consistently delivering mid-teen to high-teen growth over recent quarters. This sustained 
outperformance underscored the strength of our leadership and our ability to seize the market 
opportunity. 
 
Before moving to the financials, let me briefly revisit the ESOP program, which has been a key 
focus in recent quarters. As the Thyrocare ESOP program concludes this year, we have expanded 
the API ESOP tool to include our senior management at Thyrocare. This group level initiative 
aimed to retain the critical talent with ESOP issued by our parent company and vesting as per 
policy. 
 
From the accounting perspective, these ESOPs are recognized as an expense in the profit and 
loss account and as an equity contribution from the parents in the balance sheet. It is important 
to note that this is a non-cash charge and does not affect our cash outflow. To provide greater 
clarity, we report normalized EBITDA excluding these non-cash expenses and also included an 
annexure in our quarterly earnings presentation to further explain the accounting statement. 
 
Now moving to the financial update. Firstly, full year performance update. For the year, stand-
alone revenue reached INR633 crores and the consolidated revenue stood at INR687 crores, 
reflecting a robust 20% year-on-year growth. This was driven by 18% increase in franchisee 
revenue and a 27% rise in our partnership business. Total Pathology revenue has grown by 21%, 
while Radiology business has increased by 14% year-on-year. 
 
Coming to the quarterly performance, Q4 performance, revenue increased by 21% year-on-year 
supported by 22% increase in franchisee business, 24% increase in partnership revenue. 
Pathology revenue in Q4 grew by 23% year-on-year, whereas Radiology revenue grew by 17% 
year-on-year. On the total revenue growth, 2% was attributable to inorganic growth. 
 
Our Think Health business, Polo, has stabilized and now fully integrated to the Thyrocare 
ecosystem. The acquisition of Vimta is currently in transitions and expected to completely 
integrate to Thyrocare system in next 3 months' time. 
 
Stand-alone gross margin for the quarter stood at 73%, up by 426 basis points, primarily due to 
the better negotiation and favorable product mix. Employee expenses increased year-on-year, 
reflecting because of annual increment, volume growth and new business acquisition and 
expansion. 
 
The stand-alone normalized EBITDA margin for the quarter was 36%, an increase of 1,026 basis 
points. The improvement was driven by in gross margin and the operating leverage. High 
EBITDA margin in Radiology NHL compared to the last year due to the revenue growth and 
mix changes. NHL revenue mix moved to our FDG, which is normally called isotope sales, 
which generated higher EBITDA margins. 
 
At the consolidated level, Q4 gross margin stood at 74% and the normalized EBITDA margin 
was 35%, whereas full year FY '25 gross margin 72% and the normalized EBITDA margin stood 
at 31%. In absolute terms, FY '25 normalized EBITDA reported is INR210 crores and the PAT 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
excluding exceptional deferred tax provision reversal was INR101 crores, representing our year-
on-year increase of 37% and 45%, respectively.  
This is the first time wherein both normalized EBITDA and PAT crossed the benchmark of 
INR200 crores and INR100 crores, respectively. This strong performance was achieved despite 
margin pressures from recent acquisition and geographic expansions what we have done in the 
financial year FY '25. 
 
In addition to that, we want to update that the Board of Directors has recommended a final 
dividend of INR21 per equity share for the year ended 31st March 2025, subject to the approval 
of shareholders in AGM. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to Rahul for a strategic update. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Alok. Briefly, I would like to take a few minutes to recap to you our strategic 
direction and then I will open it up for Q&A. First, I will reiterate our value proposition to the 
customer. We will continue to remain an affordable option to all patients with good quality and 
on-time reports.  
All our efforts on our value proposition is towards ensuring low cost to the patient, assurance on 
quality of testing through our certifications and engagement with doctors. We have made 
substantial progress on this, which I updated in my initial comments and is reflected in the 
presentation. This will remain at our core and will guide all that we will do. 
 
Second, our strategy. We continue to maintain our strategy of being the B2B partner of choice 
to all front-end diagnostic services companies in India, whether it's a small diagnostic center in 
a rural area, a pharmacy in a metro, a small nursing home, an individual doctor, or a leading 
online diagnostics platform or health tech marketplace. We are happy to work with them to 
provide low cost, robust testing solutions so that they can serve their patients in the most 
effective manner.  
If they require phlebotomy, we are happy to mobilize our phlebotomy network of almost 1,900 
phlebotomists, including our network partners to serve them better. We remain dedicated to 
expanding our business. And with the acquisition of Polo Labs and Vimta Clinical Diagnostics, 
we plan to significantly increase our presence in North and South India, respectively. 
 
Additionally, to further boost our partnerships business, the acquisition of Think Health allows 
us to offer ECG at home services, further enhancing our value to our insurance partners. This 
strategy has been working well for us with both our franchise and partnerships businesses 
posting strong growth. 
 
That in a brief is our mandate as management. Thank you so much for giving us a patient hearing. 
I will once again end with a quote from the Mahatma. "Find purpose, the means will follow." 
And our purpose remains to provide affordable, high-quality testing to the masses. 
 
With that, we will open up for Q&A. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of Raman Kv from Sequent 
Investments. 
Raman Kv: 
Sir, I just have 2 to 3 questions. So one is, in this quarter, we paid an excess tax of INR11 crores, 
like the 54% is the tax rate. Can you give me a clarification on why did we pay the excess tax in 
this quarter? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. I'll defer this question to Alok, who can explain it. Alok, the question is, you have paid 
almost 54% in tax. What is… 
Alok Jagnani: 
So thanks, Raman, for these questions. And this is not the excess tax what we have paid in past. 
This is a deferred tax provision what we have made in 2019, 2020 when the investment of NHL 
impairment has been done. And at that point of time, the management was on the belief and that 
-- and if -- every year when we are reviewing the NHL investments and impairment, we are 
carrying that provision on account that the impairment is going to be actual.  
And whenever we are -- if we are going to sell that investment, the impairment loss -- against 
the impairment loss, the deferment tax benefits are going to come. But now NHL business is 
doing good. If the business come on track, generating positive EBITDA and the revenue growth 
is also 10% plus revenue growth year-on-year, they are delivering.  
Considering that provision for deferred tax carrying is not wise decision and management has 
taken that call that the deferred tax assets provisions taken against the impairment of asset 
investments, what we have done is not supposed to be reversed and we have taken that call and 
that hit has come in the P&L as an exception item, deferred tax reversal INR11.2 crores. If we 
exclude that in our P&L performance, PAT has been grown by 88%.  
Raman Kv: 
Now I understood it. And my doubt was with respect to the margins. This is probably in the past 
2, 3 years, this quarter has recorded highest level margins, EBITDA margin. So what was the 
primary reason for the expansion of the EBITDA margin? 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll take that, Alok. So if I break up the overall year margin, we are at roughly about 32% in our 
Pathology business. And of course, for this quarter, it is 35%. What happens is you would see a 
gross margin uplift in this quarter. That is because of our increased volumes this year, we were 
given quite a few year-end discounts from our vendors, right? So that is what you see in the 
gross margin uplift. 
 
And the other is, of course, we are getting operating leverage. If you just go with 20% growth, 
our expenses don't grow at that rate. So about 2% we have got from operating leverage. And the 
remaining is -- actually last year, we had a significant provisioning for receivables, which is not 
there this year. 
 
So if I draw a bridge from the 25% odd to 35% or the 10% EBITDA improvement, 4% is from 
gross margin, largely because of year end credit notes for increased volumes, 2% is operating 
leverage and 4% is because of reduced provisioning of doubtful debts because we've been quite 
diligent in ensuring we collect our money and our outstanding is within range. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Raman Kv: 
And my last question is with respect to the FY '26 guidance. So can you give us some guidance 
with respect to revenue growth and volume growth? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, we normally don't give guidance, but I can give you a broad range. See, at 20% growth, we 
are already sitting on a very high base with the industry growing only at 10%, 11%. You must 
recognize growing at 20% means we have taken a substantial share from the unorganized players 
as well as a little bit from the organized players. They will come back with price reductions and 
all of that.  
So I would be cautious and say that mid-teens growth is what I have always been guiding 
towards. We have, of course, over delivered in this year. But you must recognize it's on a very 
high base. So I think we'll be confident in growth continuing into the next year.  And I think if 
we can keep the full year margin at this level, we will be happy.  
Of course, we may get some benefit of increased volumes and additional, let's say, discounts 
when we go into the next year, but it's difficult to commit at this point in time. So I would say, 
while not a specific guidance, I would say, we are would be happy with mid-teens growth with 
stable margins where they are. 
Raman Kv: 
Mid-teens volume growth or revenue growth? 
Rahul Guha: 
Revenue growth. Actually, our -- see, the -- while it may appear that a lot of our growth has 
come from price because the volume growth is about 14%, while the revenue growth is about 
20%. But actually, it's not because we have raised prices. It is just our tiered pricing structure. 
It's a bit complicated to explain in a call, but we have a slab wise pricing structure. So as people 
move into different slabs and whoever joins us at a low -- at a high slab, they typically see a 
higher price and only when they grow their volumes does their price come down. 
So you're seeing a little bit of that effect. It's not like we raised the price -- base price itself. If 
you look at our thyroid price, it hasn't changed in the last 10 years. So I would say you should 
expect volume growth and price growth more or less to be at similar levels. We don't anticipate 
any material increase in price next year. 
Raman Kv: 
 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
So 2, 3 questions from my end. So one is you did explain, Rahul, about the pricing and margin 
drivers which have happened this year. So if I were to further break it down, pathology segment, 
is 90% contribution, saw revenue growth of 22%. Even on a sequential basis, we've seen a huge 
margin expansion. Year-on-year, obviously, it is very large.  
Even on a sequential basis, it is up from 32% to I think 36.7%. And in the franchisee network, 
we have seen a 22% revenue growth. So what leads to this? Is it high value test? Is it mix change? 
If you could explain that a bit, that will help up the revenue on the margin side.  

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Yes, I will repeat my question. So Rahul, I was trying to understand the revenue and margin 
piece a bit better. So, the question was related to the both the segments. If I were to look at 
franchisee network, there has been a huge realization change. So is it high end test? Is it more 
package test? What has happened on the franchisee network?  
If you could comment on that? And pathology segment, we've seen a huge margin change on a 
sequential basis also from 32% to 36.7%. So what kind of a margin and a mix would you expect 
next year as we move forward? That's the question on the margin and the revenue side. 
 
Secondly, from a competitive landscape, have things been better off, which is leading to some 
of this margin expansion? I did hear you are talking about operating leverage because of higher 
growth. So any sense on the ground competitive intensity? Lastly, any update on the PharmEasy 
merger, which media was speculating few months ago? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. So let me take the questions one by one. I'll just give you a little bit of a highlight and then 
I'll ask Nitin to cover little bit more in detail.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure.  
Rahul Guha: 
As I said, one is you must recognize the base of franchisees. We have added a quite substantial 
over the last 3 years. That is one which is the revenue uplift. Now when you come to the 
realization, it's largely actually coming from one the mix of the partner. So what happens is if 
you are a small partner, you get a higher rate and if you are a large partner, you get a lower rate. 
And we've been adding more and more smaller partners that actually improves the realization.  
But more importantly, actually, we are really worked on enhancing the mix. So and Nitin will 
talk a little bit more in detail. But thyroid used to be our dominant test. And we were mostly a 
routine player, but we have launched technologies like coagulation, histopathology and many, 
many more technologies into our network. We used to have a test menu of 300 tests. Today we 
have a test menu of close to 1,000 tests. So that is also helping on the realization.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
It's a combination Rahul, it's a combination of specialized test contribution increasing and the 
mix from the franchisee which is leading to this higher realization. 
Rahul Guha: 
Exactly. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And if you could share a number on an annual basis, what would be specialized as contribution 
versus routine? That would help? 
Nitin Chugh: 
See, generally, we qualify -- we generally categorize our tests as basically preventive full body 
Aarogyam versus non-Aarogyam. Our Aarogyam revenue share is almost 35% on. They used to 
be almost 40%. So while Aarogyam business has individually also grown upwards of 20%, our 
contribution from our non Aarogyam which includes a single test, some profile and specialized 
test has continuously been increasing and thus giving us some leverage on the margin front. 
Rahul Guha: 
Okay. Then coming to your second question on the margin improvement, both -- and I'll ask 
Alok also to chip in a little bit. But on a sequential basis, if you see the gross margin has improved 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
by about 1%. We were anyway last quarter at about 73% GM, we are at 74%. So 1% is what I 
said the year-end volume discounts that we've been able to realize from our partners. But the 
other is our employee cost is on the lower side this year, this quarter relative to the last quarter 
and we are getting the benefit of operating leverage on our other expenses.  
Quarter-on-quarter, our revenue grew 13%, but our other expenses grew only 6%. So that's 
broadly what explains the improvement in margin from Q3 to Q4, which is what you're saying. 
Alok Jagnani: 
Many people have [inaudible 35:46] provision for receivable has also reduced. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
You said directionally, if we maintain this 33%, 34% on an annual basis EBITDA margin, we 
should be happy from a next year perspective? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, I was saying 31% if I can manage on an annualized basis FY '26. This is a very seasonal 
business Prakash. So Q3 is bad, Q1 is bad.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, Q4 is heavy. 
Rahul Guha: 
So, I don't want to build expectations on -- yes, while in the second half of the year, we have 
been quite healthy on the margin. We are also investing in specialized tests, newer labs, all of 
that. So and as I have always been saying, any operating leverage I get, I invest back in growth. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood. And if you could, Rahul, comment on that PharmEasy thing, it'll be helpful. Any 
progress, any update or status quo? 
Rahul Guha: 
I don't think -- see, these were just media speculation. As I said, there was no discussion in the 
Thyrocare Board. I don't think there has been any material discussion on this in the PharmEasy 
side as well. I think we can leave it as media speculation. If there was any real need to it, I think 
it has been now 4 months, 5 months since that something would have happened by now. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Right. Understood. I will join back the queue if I have more questions. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So first of all, I would like to know that this time the sample 
data was not mentioned in investor presentation. Could you give me the annual number of 
samples? 
Rahul Guha: 
The quarterly number of samples is about 66 lakhs. So it's a year-on-year growth of about 15%, 
which is in line with patient growth. The total annual volume, I mean, it will be about INR66 
lakhs into 4 roughly, so 240. The number is 25.3 million. 
Chirag: 
Sir, my second question si when I was trying to understand that as you have mentioned that the 
reason for growth has to do with addition of more smaller partners, do you mean that - - from 
this do you mean that the franchise partner you are talking about? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Chirag: 
So the number of franchise stores we have at almost 16 percentage, it is clearly visible that, that 
is driving the volume. I wanted to understand the second part of the business, which is the 
partnership business, which includes the online platform or the PPP, Public Private Partnership. 
That growth has also had been significant. Could you give some color what was the reason 
behind that growth in this part of the business? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. I'll again give you just the highlight and then let's actually health tech is a significant part 
of this business. But also now, our penetration into corporate and insurance is actually doing 
very well for us. Nitin, you can add a little bit. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. Like, Rahul said, without actually naming the partners, health tech has been the most 
significant in terms of revenue for us. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry, sir. Sorry to interrupt. Sir, you're sounding a little distant. Can you come closer to the 
microphone, please? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Okay. So, see, if I -- yes, is it better or no? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Okay. So see, health -- so we generally categorize our businesses like health tech, corporate 
business, insurance and there is another section which is our online campaigners and other 
partners. All four lines have actually grown upwards of 25% almost. With health tech and 
corporate leading the charge. So these are all either on APIs or using some sort of platform with 
us. And they can be from any segment be it aggregate -- health aggregators or online platforms 
like PharmEasy and others.  
It can be your all your insurance players which can include annual health checkups as well as 
PPMC businesses and many other such partners whosoever has a another front end or a corporate 
directly diagnostic business and we just plug in our services from the back end. 
Chirag: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. Sir, as you just mentioned that, that you'd like to give the revenue side… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Chirag. Can you use your handset mode, please? 
Chirag: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
Sir, as you mentioned that you'd like to give the bifurcation of revenue based on Aarogyam and 
non- Aarogyam. Is it possible for you to give the test menu also, which is currently 1,000? Could 
you diversify into both what number of test menus are in Aarogyam and what is in non- 
Aarogyam? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, it's actually not the right way to classify. Aarogyam is a combination of many tests and then 
we sell the test individually. So, there is actually a fair bit of overlap of what is in an Aarogyam 
and what is in non- Aarogyam. It's just that when someone books an Aarogyam package, it is 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
booked as a package. Whereas you may book a CBC HbA1c or individual test and then that gets 
categorized as non- Aarogyam. 
 
So there's not that much difference in what is in an Aarogyam versus what is in non- Aarogyam. 
So difficult to give you that breakdown, but our Aarogyam is, I think roughly 35% of our 
business today. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Which is basically, somebody booking a full body check up… 
Chirag: 
If I'm correct, this Aarogyam is wellness - - Preventive wellness, right? 
NitinChugh: 
Yes. You can classify Aarogyam as wellness preventive full body checkup. But see, there are 
lot of patients who know they are suffering from two, three different things and thus they feel 
instead of spending an x amount, I can just spend maybe 20%, 30%, 40% higher and get a full 
body done, like an annual thing. So Aarogyam is, yes, wellness. Non- Aarogyam is generally 
very specific. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Sir, my next question is related to the dividend that we have distributed. Almost 
entire -- the profit that we have distributed as dividend. Is there any requirement of capex or 
shall I expect that dividend policy is around -- is going to be around 100% of the profit? 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll ask Alok to give in detail, but I think from an operating cash flow generation, we are actually 
in a very comfortable place where we are able to cover. You have to remember, we are a zero 
debt company. We have significant cash returns. In FY '25, we would have generated operating 
cash flow of INR191 crores which is more than sufficient our capex is roughly about INR40 
crores, INR50 crores a year, not more than that.  
So -- and then the remaining whatever we keep a little bit of reserves, but the rest we distribute 
as dividend. Whenever we have a material acquisition, then we evaluate it. But we have chosen 
the path of a more string of pearls acquisition rather than one big acquisition. So we are typically 
cherry picking smaller acquisitions in territories where we are weak. And so the need to generate 
a lot of cash or keep aside a lot of cash for acquisition is not so much. 
Alok Jagnani: 
Just adding down here. So we are keeping around INR80 plus crores of cash reserves in for the 
next financial year in the contingency. And continuing with the growth trends and all, we are 
expecting that the same level of cash flows are going to be generated and going to meet the 
requirements and also we are going to be available ready for the capex investment, some 
acquisition plans, what we are going to do in the coming financial year, we are able to do with 
the cash flow generation and the results what we are going to carry, plus the dividends what we 
are offering is going to continue. 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. And I must also caution on the acquisition side. We have found when we are doing these 
acquisitions, it takes up a lot of management bandwidth regardless of the size of the acquisition, 
whether you acquire a small company or a big company, the amount of time and effort of the 
management is quite substantial, right? So we are being very choosy about deploying our capital 
into acquisition. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Our organic business is doing very well with 22% growth as we have seen in the presentation, 
inorganic added only 2%. So, I think we will keep the focus on franchise addition, partner 
addition and be very selective about acquisitions. And as Alok said, even with the dividend that 
the Board has recommended, we still have sufficient cash reserves after our depreciation, 
everything to manage them. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough, sir. Sir, could you give some color on what kind of franchisee growth are you 
expecting in the next few years' time span as you specify that focus would be on adding number 
of franchisee and partners? So I'm not focusing more about the number of sales figures, but if 
you have some kind of criteria, self-set goals, how much growth you would take over there? Just 
a ballpark number. 
Rahul Guha: 
Actually, I'll ask Nitin to take it. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. 
Rahul Guha: 
We have our own target. So, we can share them. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. So, see, we are planning to add upwards of 1,500 new franchise partners to our ecosystem. 
That's the range that we are looking forward with some investment this year that we are doing 
in focusing more and more on network expansion. Right? There is no specific criteria as such. 
Obviously, there is a certain benchmark that we feel that this much should be the business to get 
them into the ecosystem. Or if it is very small, how can we add the -- that franchise through our 
another super franchise which are basically a large franchise. 
So it's a mix of both. But yes, generally wherever we see business, we are just going and meeting 
them, calling them etcetera and giving our value propositions to convert them, bring them to 
Thyrocare. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Sir, any color on the extension of test menu that you have under which is currently 
1,000, any guidance that you're going to make it 2,000 in the coming 5 year time span? Any 
color on that? 
Rahul Guha: 
Let me take that. See, actually a better start is to look at it by technology rather than by test. I 
think now we are present in almost every single technology relative to our peers, except allergy 
and genomics, which are two areas that we are exploring for this year. Then once you have the 
technology, actually once you see the demand, it's very easy to, let's say, go from 1,000 to 1,500, 
right? And expand it, but it really you need to be able to be confident that you are going to see 
the demand. 
But there's actually very little incremental cost for us to go from 1,000 to 1,500. But technologies 
that we are going to invest in are allergy and genomics in this year. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. And sir, the last question from my side. I wanted to understand the reason for 
company to issue the parent companies as ESOP and not Thyrocare. Any particular reason for 
this? And what kind of revenue contribution does Thyrocare has in its parents overall revenue? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
So, API accounts for about 10%, 11% of Thyrocare's revenue. We are the exclusive partner to 
PharmEasy Labs. So, all tests that are done in PharmEasy Labs are processed at Thyrocare. So 
to that extent, the exposure of Thyrocare is about 10%. The group overall has a standard ESOP 
policy for all group employees. And so that -- those ESOPs are given to all employees, many of 
us in this room as well. In a way, it is because the employees are incentivized overall at a group 
level and to maintain parity across the different group entity. I think that is why it's done. 
 
And also, I think we didn't want to really dilute the ESOPs of -- sorry dilute the equity of the 
Thyrocare shareholder. Right? By then giving ESOPs at Thyrocare, the ESOP tool was created 
in API that was available for all group entities, not just Thyrocare. And so in that way, the API 
group has been in a way generous to incentivize the management teams across all group entities 
with ESOPs as a group entity rather than diluting in the subsidiary entity. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Yogesh Soni from InCred Equity. 
Yogesh Soni: 
Congratulations on the good set of performance. My first question is a follow-up on the previous 
participant's question on acquisition. So sir, have we set aside any amount for acquisitions for 
FY '26? And another question is on the Nueclear performance. So given the kind of 20% margin 
that Nueclear has done in Q4, how do we see the margin for FY '26? Do we expect the margin 
performance to sustain? That's it from my side. 
Rahul Guha: 
Let me take the first question. Have we set aside funds for acquisition? Not a large amount, I 
would say. We are -- as I have said earlier, we had very focused geographies, Gujarat, Rajasthan, 
the Northeast, where we are looking where our presence is weak for acquisitions. I think we 
should be able to cover those geographies in the range of about INR15 crores to INR20 crores. 
So I don't anticipate more than that being deployed in acquisitions in this financial year. 
 
Coming to your question on Nueclear, I think Nueclear has reached a sustainable level from a 
gross margin point of view. We've taken substantial price movement in Nueclear. And I'm 
hopeful it will sustain, but I think let's wait and watch for 1 or 2 more quarters before we can 
say that this is the new base level for Nueclear. 
Yogesh Soni: 
Sir, just one more question. I missed out on the Aarogyam contribution. If you could help me 
with Aarogyam contribution in Q4 and for the whole FY '25 
Rahul Guha: 
Nitin, you want to take that? 
Nitin Chugh: 
See, Aarogyam contribution is fairly similarly distributed across quarters, especially Q4, because 
-- so it is 35% like I said in my previous answer as well. But it's generally the same, not only in 
Q4 it increases by 1% or 2% on the back of a lot of full body testing that happens in Q4. 
Rahul Guha: 
And I'll just take this opportunity to talk about Jaanch. Jaanch has actually grown 25% year-on-
year and is doing very well in our portfolio as well. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Just on a lighter note, if you're there, we miss your colleague Aditya Khemka… 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Palak Shah from Entrust Family Office. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Palak Shah: 
Nitin, you mentioned that the value volume gap that you're seeing today is predominantly 
because you have added a lot of new franchisees, which should be the bottom grade of the 
franchisee slabs, right? But as these guys grow in size, does that effectively say that the value 
volume gap can actually go negative given that this year was a massive addition from 9,400 to 
11,100 in a single year. For subsequent years you can have that reversal happening. Is it a 
possibility? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. I understood your question -- what we are saying is you are adding smaller franchisees, so 
they come at bronze category, right? And as they move up to platinum, their price realization 
will go down. So this positive gap that you are seeing, will it become negative as they mature? 
Nitin Chugh: 
So the -- from our retention cohort also, if we see, yes, even if we add smaller franchisees, right, 
they generally end up doing their 2.5x revenue in the second year when they join us and then a 
3.5x revenue to their first year revenue. So yes, they keep growing and the price realization 
becomes a little lesser. 
 
But then see, there is almost more than 150,000 collection centers of sorts which are like 
endpoints where we can get business from. And if we are today sitting at only 11,000, we see 
there is a large headroom still available to get more and more new franchisees added. And with 
our current run rate of almost 1,500 to 2,000 odd franchisees, that's our target range if we can 
add. I think we are still good for next 3 years to 5 years. 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. So -- or to put it differently, if we were to stop franchise addition, then yes, your cases 
would be true. But we have no plans to stop franchise addition. 
Palak Shah: 
Got it. And secondly, on the imaging services, imaging services profitability, what drove this 
delta? Because the sudden sharp delta from last quarter loss of 2 quarters to -- almost a 2-quarter 
profit at PBT level this quarter. So any specific interventions that we have done to change this 
and how sustainable are they? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. As I told you, if I do the bridge year-on-year, 4% has come from gross margin, 2% has 
come from operating leverage, 4% has come from provision of doubtful debt. If you look at it at 
a sequential level, the overall leverage has been again about, I think, 4%, 5%. That has mostly 
come from operating leverage. 
 
Q3 is always a bad quarter for this industry, but your costs are the same, right, because we have 
our manpower costs and our operating expenses, which are by and large fixed. So as you go into 
Q4, which is the growth quarter in this industry, and particularly for us, you get the operating 
leverage benefit. 
 
So to your point on sustainability, as I said, I think you should take the full year EBITDA as the 
base, which is about 31% normalized before ease of cost, and we are targeting to maintain in 
that range. 
Palak Shah: 
Sorry, my question was regarding the imaging services PBT profit that you have reported this 
quarter, not the consol number? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Okay. Nueclear, I maybe let Alok take that. But I do believe that in Nueclear, the revenue is kind 
of stabilized where it is. Cost, the main intervention to your question is we have taken price up. 
And that is slowing down to the bottom-line. 
Alok Jagnani: 
So we are expecting that next year also top-line and the cost lines are going to be remain in the 
same trend. And marginal growth is going to be there. Up in single digit what I am expecting. 
Some price increase and other things which we are going to happen, then we are able to get the 
benefit of that. 
 
Other 2 new locations for which we are exploring and if that is going be added of the existing 
machine, what we have, then that's going to be add on to the -- add up on to the top-line and 
deliver [inaudible 57:43]. 
Palak Shah: 
So effectively, we are looking to invest more capital on the Nueclear side, right, going forward? 
Rahul Guha: 
No. We will maintain the centers that are there. We will continue to optimize the cost. But you 
must remember to set up a new center is a INR10 crores investment. At this point, we are not 
contemplating filling up new centers and Nueclear. 
Palak Shah: 
Great, thank you so much for your answer. And congratulations on a very good set of numbers. 
All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sumit Sarda from Compound Everyday 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Sarda: 
Just two questions. One, receivables are up from around INR40 crores, INR50 crores 
sequentially or year-on-year to INR73 crores. So any color on those? And secondly, any update 
on Tanzania about revenue margins and any plans for growth? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. I'll let Alok explain the receivables point. Alok you can… 
Alok Jagnani: 
So on the receivable, if you see that there is an increase of around INR30 crores has come. So, 
the -- it has 2 part. One is the business has grown, partnership business where the credit we 
normally offer. If the business will grow at a rate of 35% to 40% partnership business, then the 
data on account of that is also going to happen and around INR12 crores to INR15 crores of data 
have gone on that term. 
 
Similarly, like API is a similar tech partner. [inaudible 59:28] is like a Fintech partner what other 
partners are. And earlier we are offering lesser credit period to them. But as a competition arm 
length price assessment system that we have to offer the same credit period what we are offering 
to our other tech partners and the partnership business -- partners. 
 
The thing that the 2 months additional credit period has been offered. Earlier it was 1 month. 
Now it is increased to 3 months, that's what we are offering to other partners also, 2 to 3 months. 
Resulting around INR16 crores to INR18 crores of top-line data's increase. With stuff together, 
it's a INR30 crores latest moment has happened. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Rahul Guha: 
And on Tanzania, to be honest, it's still very, it's been less than a year since we actually started 
to operate the lab. But I'll give -- ask Nitin to give a little bit of flavor of what's going on there. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. See, Tanzania like, Rahul said is in its very nascent stages. Right? Because even when the 
lab got started, then we went out of the market for the first time explaining what Thyrocare is, 
going and reaching our clients with our pricing et cetera. And then people slowly started testing 
us with 1 or 2 samples here and there to foresee our serviceability etc. 
 
So, if you see Q2 versus Q3 versus Q4 in this financial year, it's like we have grown more than 
100% on in these quarters. So today we are already at a run rate of doing almost 60 lakhs a 
quarter, which is then scheduled to grow almost 100% in the next quarter. That's how we've been 
going. 
 
But, yes, we are still cautious on which partners we are adding and how we are growing our 
business. But, yes, we are already now working with almost 150 partners there. And everyone 
is starting slow and then slowly moving their wallet share to us. 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. We've doubled every quarter. Last 3 quarters, we've doubled to reach 60 lakhs, but it's such 
a small number. Right now, it's not worth talking about. 
Sumit Sarda: 
Thank you. That’s all for my side, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our last question from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag: 
Yes, thank you for the follow-up. Sir, I wanted to know what will be the effective tax rate going 
forward? 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll let Alok answer that. What will be the effective tax rate going forward? 
Alok Jagnani: 
It's going to be around 28% to 29%. 
Chirag: 
20% to 29%? 
Alok Jagnani: 
28% to 29%. 
Chirag: 
28% to 29%. Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rahul Guha for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us and spending time with us this evening. As always, we 
continue to remain focused on our strategy, which is to be the most affordable, good quality 
diagnostic testing partner for anyone in the healthcare business, and we continue to execute on 
that strategy. 
 
We have been investing in improving our quality, improving our reach and ensuring our 
turnaround time is as close to best-in-class. We've made substantial progress on all of this, and 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
that is what is driving the results that you see. I thank you all for your support in this journey, 
and I wish you all a good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of Thyrocare Technologies Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
Note: 
“Inaudible” refers to not audible or incomprehensible words. 
