Registered Office 
BASF India Limited 
Unit No. 10A, 10B, 10C (Part) 
10th Floor, Godrej One, 
Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (East), Mumbai 400 079 
Tel  +91 22 6834 7000 
CIN - L33112MH1943FLC003972 
www.basf.com/in 
BASF India Limited, Mumbai - 400 079, India 
  May 26, 2025 
The Market Operations Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Name of the Company       :    BASF INDIA LIMITED 
Security Code No.    
   :    500042 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Analyst / Fund Managers Meeting of BASF India Limited. 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the Analysts / Fund Managers Meet of BASF India Ltd, held on 
Thursday, 20th May, 2025 at 4 p.m., for your information & records. 
Please treat the above information as intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities & Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For BASF India Limited 
Manohar Kamath 
 Pankaj Bahl 
 
Director – Legal, General Counsel (India) 
  Senior Manager- Legal & Secretarial 
& Company Secretary 
Cc: Listing Compliance, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra – (East). 
  Mumbai-400051. 
Manohar 
Shrikant Kamath
Digitally signed by 
Manohar Shrikant Kamath 
Date: 2025.05.26 10:05:53 
+05'30'
PANKAJ 
RAJKUMAR BAHL
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ RAJKUMAR BAHL 
Date: 2025.05.26 10:06:31 
+05'30'

 
Internal 
BASF India Ltd - Analyst / Fund Managers Meeting on 20th May 2025 
Mr. Manohar Kamath, Director – Legal, General Counsel (India) & Company Secretary: - 
Good afternoon, Everyone, 
I welcome all the Analyst & Fund Managers to our Analyst / Fund Managers Meet.  
I also welcome Mr. Alexander Gerding, our Managing Director, Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, our Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Anil Choudhary, Whole-time Director & Head of Manufacturing, to this Analyst / 
Fund Managers Meet.  
All the participants are requested to note that this Meeting is being recorded and the audio & video recording 
of this Meeting together with the presentation and the meeting transcript would be uploaded on our website 
and also submitted to the stock exchanges. Further, I would also like to brief you about certain important 
points for smooth conduct of this meeting. 
- 
All of you have been placed on mute mode to avoid any disturbances arising from the background 
noise. 
- 
During the question & answer session, the names of those who have already registered with us for 
asking questions, will be called and thereafter, the respective speaker will be unmuted.  
 
- 
Others who wish to ask questions, may raise their hand, by clicking on “Raise Hand” icon on the 
Microsoft teams page.  
I would request all speaker participants to be brief while asking their questions / queries.  
I now request Mr. Alexander Gerding and Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga to give a presentation on Company’s 
performance for the financial year ended 31st March 2025 and other related topics. 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Thank you Manohar and a very warm welcome also from my side to all analysts and fund managers joining 
us today I think our last uh last meeting was back in November so as we all know a few things have 
happened since then so it's a good time to reconnect yeah just uh like always a disclaimer before we uh 
we present and discuss um we discuss topics that are in the public domain we do not provide any forecast 
about the future business situation and we also do not comment or give guidance on future results and 
business outlook as you all know safety is our number one priority so I brought again two slides here um 
this shows a picture of our manufacturing community  actually we hold a meeting once a year where we 
bring all of our manufacturing community together we share best practices work on continuous improvement 
and also discuss a lot safety and this year it was held in Chennai in February and this also reflects in our 
safety performance I mean we've had a very strong safety track record and our aim is to keep it that way 
also moving forward and we're fortunate to also announce that in the calendar year 2025 uh so far we've 
had no high severity incident and also no lost time injury and process safety incident um and we continue 

 
Internal 
focusing on what we call leading indicators near misses because that's a good predictor for potential safety 
risks when it comes to the macro environment I mean I think it's very clear that the macro economy in India 
is resilient and robust with GDP expectations above 6% um inflation is stable um the RBI interest rate 
is being reduced to also um you know influence positive spending the purchasing manager index is 
consistently high um and also consumer confidence remains being high of course with the recent 
geopolitical developments we have to see how this could potentially impact the consumer confidence 
but I think the fundamentals in India remain resilient and strong if you look to the right hand side 
industry by industry automotive industry projections are still on growth mode construction momentum 
is on is on track there is an expectation of above normal monsoon which should support the agricultural 
sector and also the fastmoving consumer sector also contributing by the by the budget that was 
announced by the government which also included some tax slaps yeah so consumption moving 
forward should continue to be robust but we have to mention like we have done also the last time 
margin pressure on the chemical sector remains being high the over capacities that have been built in 
China continues to have an impact also on India so this is something that remains being there and is 
also visible in our in our numbers and with that I would like to hand over to Naren to walk us through 
our financial performance in the last fiscal year. 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
Thanks Alex and good afternoon everyone so coming to the financial performance these are the six 
segments we have in BSF globally and also reflected very well in India and except for agriculture solution 
and surface technologies all other four have two business units in the segment when you see the spread 
of this sales across the units materials segment which has both performance materials and monomers 
included there is almost one-third of our total sales that's one of the highest I have seen in BASF India 
Materials at one/ird and then followed by nutrition and care which is again a big fast growing segment for 
us 19% followed by industrial solutions and agricultural solution is the fourth in the list at 14% though 
agricultural solution offers more profit on annual basis sales wise it is at 14%. Coming to the quarterly 
performance which we released last week at the top line the sales is at approximately the same like last 
year same quarter yeah around Rs. 3,300 crores whereas you would have noticed the profit before tax 
before exceptional item has fallen almost by 90% it was a very volatile market and we can discuss that 
more in the Q&A session higher input cost and also the product mix contributed to this lower profit and 
when that is included in the yearly numbers the sales went up by 11% entirely contributed by very 
strong growth in volumes but the lower price realization higher input cost all that contributed to a lower 
profitability almost 20% lower than last year if you see the last two financial years the one on the left 
dark blue ones are last financial year 2023-24 and the light blue are financial year 2024-25 so this is 
just to show how the sales development happened throughout the last eight quarters on an average 
you can see around Rs. 3,300 to Rs. 3,500 crores is what we are clocking every quarter except in one 
or two quarters where we crossed Rs. 4,000 crores yeah September 2024 is the best ever sales we 

 
Internal 
had at Rs. 4,200 crores and followed by June quarter of last this financial year at Rs. 3,966 crore 
almost Rs. 4,000 crores this time it is 2% less as compared to March 2024 and compared to December 
it is 13% lower and I'll break this down in the  next slides of which segments are contributing and which 
segments are pulling it down coming to the profit before tax before exceptional items same quarter 
last year was Rs. 219 crores and almost 90% drop to Rs. 25 crores this again we'll drill down in the 
second slide later and also compared to December quarter this was not good so overall if you see on 
the right side Rs. 283 crores was the best ever profit we had for June 2024 but then March 25 happens 
to be the worst among the eight quarters and unfortunately the sales has been coming down from 
quarter to quarter and we are hopefully at the at the lowest level as of now but I'll again drill this down 
going forward so that we know which segments are impacting. On capital development the networking 
capital development the dark blue is receivables and that has been under control for a long time now 
and we are at a lower level than or almost like March 2024 despite the increase in operations despite 
the 11% increase in volumes accounts receivable has been maintained at almost the same level 
whereas inventory has gone up and quite significantly there compared to March quarter around Rs. 
7800 crores March quarter of last year around Rs. 7800 crores higher inventory of this Rs. 700 crore 
plus is for agro yeah that that's the increase in agro inventory and again we will discuss this in the 
Q&A sessions because I'm sure there will be some questions on agro and agro inventory and agro 
profitability but overall Rs. 1,300 crore is the net working capital that is contributed by a significantly 
higher accounts payable so the increase in Inventory is to a great extent compensated by the increase 
in accounts receivable uh sorry in in accounts payable yeah Rs. 4,200 crores negative the one gray 
bar below the line so net Rs. 1,300 crores is the net working capital which we had to finance this is the 
revenue development starting from Rs. 13,768 crores to Rs. 15,000 crores materials both for us 
material is performance materials and monomers both contributed significantly for this growth of Rs. 
820 crores the Rs. 820 crores what you see is over and above what we had last year so last year we 
had Rs. 4,100 crores and now this time it is Rs. 4,900 crores so the net is Rs. 820 crores increase 
industrial solution again contributed by performance chemicals as well as dispersions has gone up by 
Rs. 300 crores both have contributed and in chemicals both petrochemicals and intermediates has 
contributed so overall almost all the businesses have contributed well to the top line and that is how 
we reach Rs. 13,260 crores which is 11% more than last year and contributed by volume growth it's 
the price where we suffer but the volumes have grown very strongly despite all the disruption in the 
market coming to profit before tax before exceptional item how did Rs. 759 come down to 67 this chart 
explains agriculture solutions Rs. 125 crores less profit than last year which means last year we had 
Rs. 436 uh crores this year it is Rs. 311 crores and if I see the numbers over a period quarter to quarter 
the profitability has reduced and the margins have also reduced for agro over a period of four quarters 
I can see the profitability going down yeah both June and September quarter were our very good 
performance but then that momentum did not carry through for the next two quarters materials did well 

 
Internal 
when it comes to profitability especially performance materials and monomers both contributed to this 
Rs. 53 crores of positive whereas industry solution again is less by Rs. 75 crores and chemicals low 
lower by Rs. 18 crores just one small note on surface technologies that is where our coatings business 
is sitting and the minus 9 is because of some setup cost and we formed a new company BASF India 
Coatings Private Ltd and BICPL we call it and there is ERP implementation and all that because of 
that there is some negative number otherwise it would have been positive around 1920 crores we 
have spent on the ERP implementation there others here is mainly the CSR cost and finance and 
hedging cost etc. which is not allocated to any of the segments so it's a big amount there that's the 
reason I wanted to highlight the 49 crores of others as compared to 52 crores last time is these costs 
which don't get allocated to the segments coming to the performance indicators receivable days is 
lower as compared to previous year and this is despite increased sales of 11% so very well controlled 
receivables the business units did a great job in ensuring that the collect receivables are collected on 
time and we have around only Rs. 300 crores and most of them are technical which means it's more 
than 10 days or more than kind of 20 days yeah short overdues and not long-term overdoses so very 
well controlled receivables inventory again at 70 / 72 days well managed despite all the disruptions 
and uh other issues inventory was less than 3 months and it's one of the best I have seen last year 
also was very good 69 days and 72 days for this quarter cash flow from operations last year it was Rs. 
800 crores and this year we had some increased working capital needs because of increased 
operations and other things so it it's slightly lower not slightly low significantly lower because of that 
reason and with that Rs. 373 crores we have around Rs. 1200/ Rs. 1300 crores cash balance as of 
March 2025 operating expenses 12.3% slightly above and operating expenses is defined as all cost 
excluding cost of goods sold that's 0.2% that is 20 basis points higher than last time but I think it's still 
under uh control and well managed a bit before exceptional item uh because of the lower profitability 
4.1% ROI still strong at 18.4% 4% as compared to 26 definitely lower than last time but then I assume 
you all agree that that's been a strong performance 18% ROI is a pretty strong performance despite 
all the disruptions we are seeing in the market return on net operating assets which means removing 
all the excess cash balance which means pure operational profitability is 26% as compared to 34% 
last year EPS consolidated which means it takes the Coatings 100% subsidiary and the BASF India 
limited parent company both together 105 rupees per share is the EPS this is before exceptional item 
and we have as you know we have declared a uh we or rather we have kind of recommended a 
dividend of 200% which the shareholders have to approve in the AGM yeah so that that would take 
around 86 crores of  cash from our side to pay that 200 % dividend as compared to 150% last year 
and one last point on the cash balance by April 2025 we had already reduced it by Rs. 500 crores by 
paying off some of the over some of the dues and also other while taking other means so we have 
around Rs. 700 / Rs. 800 crores cash balance brought down which will further go down when the 
dividend is paid that's about it from a financial side i'll pass it back to Alex to continue. 

 
Internal 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
I see already there's a hand raised so we'll get to you very soon just a few more a few more slides and 
then we go into the Q&A just a few more updates besides the financials on uh what has transpired 
since our last analyst conference back in November we had a we had a groundbreaking of um a new 
investment an expansion investment in our Celesto business and this is a quite substantial investment 
in and will enable us to maintain and expand our leadership position in this market these are the shock 
absorbers that you have noise reduction and vibration reduction in the vehicles yeah and we have a 
very strong position here and we're really expanding on our footprint in DH of course we continue to 
connect with the industry here just two examples on the left the sustainability event and on the right 
the annual chemical industry outlook conference we also in April um had a PU- Tech very important 
event where we engaged also with many customers we had a  
a customer dinner with more than 50 customers from different industries be footwear furniture 
automotive appliances and many different industries very successful event and we also launched a 
new CSR initiative so here we're skilling together with Mahindra this was done in Pune and also with 
Sahayog Foundation and Don Bosco we're basically skilling underprivileged women uh to be able to 
paint cars to coat cars refinish coating um and this will be 50 women will go through this upskilling on 
an annual basis and Mahindra is our partner here these ladies will then be placed so I think this is a 
nice addition to our CSR initiatives as well and with that let me let me maybe summarize so first of all 
I think if we had to highlight the fiscal year the last fiscal year we had a very strong volume growth 
double digit 11% volume growth I think our ambition is clearly to maintain our volume momentum 
moving forward um while at the same time we have to say the profitability has to improve i mean 
especially the last quarter I'm not happy we're not happy with the profitability situation so that is 
something that we will focus on and we'll focus on things that we can control yeah so discretionary 
spending working capital cost I think these are topics that we have to tackle and we are yeah of course 
we'll also continue to engage with our key stakeholders be our customers and most important of course 
our main asset is our people so continuing focusing on development of our people and with that I 
would really like to open it up now for the Q&A and I see I think Ajay Sharma. 
Mr. Manohar Kamath, Director – Legal, General Counsel (India) & Company Secretary 
Now we have already the first speaker registered Mr.  Rohit Nagraj from BNK securities - Rohit 
yes Rohit please go ahead 
 
 
 

 
Internal 
 
Mr. Rohit Nagraj 
Thanks for the opportunity, first question is on the presentation so in the slide regarding the financial 
performance on the yearly commentary we have said price realization and margins impacted due to higher 
input cost so there seems to be a dichotomy between the realization and the RM prices and given that uh 
the market was well supplied because of China you know being active in the global market why the RM 
have gone up and simultaneously the product prices have come down if you could just uh throw some color 
on this, thank you. 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Overall the situation was the because of the volatile market the input cost was generally on the higher side 
and we were not able to pass on the increase to the customers which means the sales 
selling price remained stagnant or lower hence in in the 11% increase what you see overall entirely 
contributed by volume growth there is no contribution from the price side so higher input cost but selling 
price could not be increased and hence the result so there's no dichotomy there or did I get your question 
wrong. 
No that's fine but was rather muted given the low soft commodity prices that was one element the second 
element there was low pest pressure especially on insecticides and we were expecting a different a different 
rabbi in that perspective so that impacted our insecticide ambition and then the third element was high 
channel inventories overall yeah um which probably was also contributed by the other two factors so overall 
it was not what we were expecting which is then also visible in in our in our quarterly results yeah and I 
think you know the team transitioned to really focus on preparing for the upcoming season yeah and then 
uh with higher channel inventories also you had a choice to make you know whether you extend the 
payment terms to our customers to our retail partners channel partners or you take also some product back 
yeah and I think we opted to take some product back and focus on accounts receivables as Naren has 
mentioned we've had a very healthy AR situation and overdue situation and now the team is really focused 
on the upcoming tariff season to place our products at the right pockets in India and to also create demand 
so that the products are actually applied on the ground um and to continue to diversify our portfolio yeah 
you will see news there that our continuous R&D investments is enabling us to expand our portfolio and to 
tap into segments like rice that we have not been participating actively in the past so I think it was a very 
unusual rabbi season we had to take some painful make some painful calls but I think we made the right 
calls and we're now focusing on the new season yeah and uh and we continue to diversify our portfolio so 
that's why you know the first quarter of this calendar year was not good but if you look at it on a long run if 
you look at it on a fiscal year I think the team has still done quite well I mean we had you know good 
development the first two quarters were very strong the last two quarters were rather weaker but you know 

 
Internal 
we're working now fully focused and not being distracted neither with accounts receivables nor with high 
channel inventories of BASF products in the channel. 
Mr. Rohit Nagraj 
Sure that's helpful just one last bit uh Alex if you could just provide your personal views in terms of how the 
demand supply where we can cycle for the individual segments so that would be very helpful  
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Demand supply cycles I mean that really depends on the segment we're talking about the product group 
we're talking about I think overall I mean I can give a general maybe just a the whole supply and logistics 
situation is in a quite volatile state right I mean we all know with the tariff announcements that came in April 
with the geopolitical tensions outside of India but even within India in May right so I think the overall situation 
with a China situation which is not fully rebounding and certainly also influenced the consumer confidence 
the consumer spending in China certainly also influenced by this whole tariff situation with the US going on 
um I think this is why I mentioned in the beginning that the situation on the upstream chemicals remains 
quite tough yeah with the over capacities that have been built in China we still see a lot of volumes coming 
in at very aggressive price levels yeah um so I would say in some areas the supply and demand situation 
the supply situation probably still quite long yeah and then in other pockets it might be it might be shorter 
yeah but it really depends on segment by segment um I think we are trying to focus on what we can control 
and uh to maintain and continue expanding our market share in the country to maintain our volume 
momentum in every single segment um and to again focus also on improving our agricultural solutions 
performance yeah moving forward so that that's those are the things that we that we are focusing on and 
of course the things around us be it a fixed rate be it the geopolitical situation of course we have to cope 
with those uh as they come yeah but the situation overall remains still quite volatile and the pressure on 
upstream chemicals is still on. 
Mr. Manohar Kamath, Director – Legal, General Counsel (India) & Company Secretary 
Thanks Rohit,  we go to the next speaker Mr Ajay Sharma, can you unmute yourself and ask your 
question okay then we will come back to Mr Sharma, we go to the next speaker that is Mr Girish Raj 
Mr. Girish Raj 
Yeah hi thank you so very uh broad but specific could you please clarify the three criteria by which uh senior 
management wishes to be assessed over next two to three years specifically with respect to products 
across the segment capability or capacity building initiatives financial metrics like growth or ROCE so you 
know this will help ensure our forecasting framework aligns with your thought process thank you i'll come 
back with more 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 

 
Internal 
I mean that's a very good question but also a very broad question because of course the financial targets 
can vary segment by segment business unit by business unit a portfolio by portfolio group but in a nutshell 
of course we're aiming at profitable sustainable growth and that includes many elements it includes volume 
growth and uh we have to keep up with a strong uh volume growth momentum to keep our assets uh fully 
utilized our capacity utilization high uh to be able to cover our fixed cost um well so certainly volume growth 
in a growing market like India yeah with a GDP growth above 6% with a manufacturing base that will also 
grow and with the chemical industry being an enabler of the manufacturing sector I think volume growth is 
a key element for us in India yeah the second element connected to that of course we want to have 
profitable and sustainable volume growth it should not be just a one-year growth but it should be sustained 
over uh over a longer period and of course we want to continuously develop a portfolio in a direction that 
we can earn a return that is attractive also for our shareholders yeah so um so I think those are and to 
enable us also to reinvest into the business and to pay out to pay out dividends yeah accordingly so I think 
profitable and sustainable uh growth are key um and uh further to that of course developing our portfolio 
uh to more sustainable solutions uh into the future as well um I mean we do uh invest uh we have an R&D 
intensity globally that is uh probably one of the highest in the industry yeah so we continue to invest in 
research and development we of course want to continue to uh bring innovative products new formulations 
new products to the market to maintain and expand our market share 
Mr. Girish Raj 
Yeah so I think those are some of the key elements that that I would highlight here no so actually you know 
from a capex perspective you mentioned Celesto last time we mentioned Polyamide and could you give a 
range as to what kind of investment are we looking from Capex perspective over next two to three years 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Thank you for that question as you know we never disclose our capex projections into the future and we 
will also not do it today but what can I can assure you is that we continuously invest in expanding our asset 
footprint in India and you mentioned some good examples I mean our performance materials business our 
dispersion business now the Celesto business as I highlighted today we continuously work on uh expanding 
our production footprint and then sweating the assets as well getting our asset utilization our capacity 
utilization up to the highest levels possible I think those are topics that we continue to see and we also 
continue to share with the analyst community every time we have additional investments coming yeah but 
we don't disclose a future capex numbers but I can I can I can assure you that we'll continue to invest into 
our asset footprint in the country. 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
Continuing with what Alex said as of March 2025 we have spent one-third of the project cost for Celesto so 
it's ongoing project it's not commissioned yet it's ongoing project and one third of the total capex has been 
spent uh by financial year 25  

 
Internal 
Mr. Girish Raj 
Okay on profitability you know you mentioned there are few things which you can control what the 
controllable part what is the salience you know how much can we actually improve from here broadly if you 
can give with some anecdotal evidence  
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Yeah I mean we of course when it comes to discretionary spending when it comes to cost of capital when 
it comes to you know the these elements are things that we are we are keeping a close watch on course 
we also are aiming to you know and wishing that our margin improve our margins improve yeah so that our 
pricing the pricing situation especially in some of the upstream uh chemicals businesses that are still heavily 
under pressure that it that the pressure comes down because that will enable us also on the margin side to 
make improvements but overall I think uh you know it's discretionary spending cost of capital and I think 
Naren was showing on the financial slide on the last slide that our cost our cost position has been rather 
you know stable yeah so we have focused over the last years always on making sure we keep our working 
capital under control and we spend where we need to spend and where we also get a return yeah so I think 
those are key elements that we continue to focus on and hopefully the market will enable us also on the 
margin side to recover yeah and we want to have that pricing power where if there's an increase in the input 
cost we can pass it on to the customers. 
 
 
Mr. Girish Raj 
Sure finally on the agrochemical segment you know when we talk to many pesticide distributors and other 
players one you know high level problem that they mention is the absence of new chemistry across 
herbicide and fungicide segments of ours how do we address this problem and finally the Tynzer related 
generic competition problem is taken care because we had some strategy there thank you 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Yeah I think no you bring up a good point and fortunately we have been quite um robust on this area to 
really ensure that we um diversify our portfolio especially in India where we all know that um rice and 
insecticides um are pretty significant segments and we've been continuously working also to um not only 
diversify ourselves with respect to indications so not only fungicides herbicides but also insecticides but 
also to crops yeah and rice is one and you will hear soon some news there because we have an upcoming 
product launch here that will be another blockbuster so and you have seen also with the launches that 
we've had in the past few years on the insecticide front we're really gaining momentum gaining market 
share in this very important and largest segment in India yeah so I think we've probably been benefiting 
from this because we started from a very low base in the insecticide segment and we have been able to 
gain market share there and we'll continue to do so fungicides we have a very robust business and 

 
Internal 
especially also last season our fungicide business with multiple products developed very well because the 
monsoon was very wet so there was a lot of disease pressure and our portfolio fit quite well and BASF has 
been known to have a very strong fungicide portfolio globally especially also in the fruits and vegetable 
arena herbicides you're right on Tynzer, I mean there is stronger generic competition. But I also have to 
give credit to the team we've been holding our ground there and also developing an anti-generic strategy 
to counter the generic pressure that is in that in that herbicide segment um but I can assure you we're 
working on all indications not just insecticides but also on our herbicide portfolio and on our fungicide 
portfolio for India for the future,  I feel quite confident that we'll continue to be able to launch new products 
uh and we're fortunate to have a high R&D intensity as a company to enable us to bring also new products 
to the market 
Mr. Manohar Kamath, Director – Legal, General Counsel (India) & Company Secretary 
Mr Sharma can you unmute and speak please. Mr Shirish please go ahead 
Mr. Shirish 
Good evening everyone, uh couple of questions one uh if you could talk about, there any kind of a forex 
impact this quarter either on a mark to market or on account of treasury uh which led to this kind of a margin 
performance in this particular quarter and um second is if you could talk a little bit about u how do you see 
the overall indigenization program uh particular uh in a scenario where the agree solutions business get 
demerged and as you said already that it's the highest profitability business for you rest everything is like 
lower than single digit margins for you,  I mean you can't be lower than single digit but yeah they are low 
single digit margins um so how do you think about it uh your post merger of Agricultural Solutions business 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
We'll take that after so that's later so with regard to the foreign exchange we have a policy of covering all 
our exposure so there is no such impact because of foreign exchange loss due to mark-to-market or for 
any other reason yeah so what we have is a hedging cost which is constant there uh 2 to 4% uh is the 
hedging cost we and that that's the only foreign exchange yet we have there's no other foreign exchange 
laws as such.  
Mr. Shirish 
Sorry sir if you have a hedge, don't you need to mark to market every quarter 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 

 
Internal 
You know just from my understanding how is that impact taken because for example this quarter if I'm not 
wrong euro moved by almost 7 to 8% so is that mark-to-market being capitalized or how does it pass 
through from a balance sheet perspective our transactions are all in uh mostly in US dollar so US dollar 
movement impacts us and hence we since we cover the exposure we don't have any such an adverse 
impact on the P&L  
Mr. Shirish 
Okay so whatever you source from the parent is also build in USD okay fine and just on that uh sorry sir uh 
just on that sir can you just give a clarification like of your total raw material sales how much is bought from 
the parent and other group companies  
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
Right now around 80 to 82% is imported from the group companies  
Mr. Shirish 
Okay wonderful 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
If you take it forward and transitioning to your second question indigenized I mean we have what we call 
own manufactured own manufactured products right which is products that are then formulated in the 
country even if some raw materials come from the outside yeah but the last steps are done here and that 
is almost 50% yeah and then the remaining 50% roughly yeah it can vary a few percentage points up and 
down depending on the quarter depending on the on the year but around 50% we uh we have OMP share 
and another 50% is an merchandise uh business so it's really a mix and our aim is of course to gradually 
steadily increase in the OMP  share. 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Last point you made with the de merger um I think I mean the reason for the de merger is really to unlock 
value for shareholders right to have a very a clear focus on the Agricultural Solutions business and this is 
actually driven globally yeah so this is happening across the world and all the other businesses was also 
shared by Narin in his in in his first slide you know I mean we have a quite balanced especially when it 
comes to topline a quite balanced portfolio across all the different business units and operating divisions 
and of course our aim is to continue with India having to move to a a much higher share of manufacturing 
from GDP which is currently still in the 14 15% level to have a developed India by 2047 to you have to have 
a strong manufacturing base which has to be in the mid20s probably and to get there you need a chemical 
a strong chemical industry to enable that yeah so I think the next 20 years will be very important for India 
to become a developed nation by 2047 and I think the chemical industry will certainly also contribute to that 
vision and so we see only opportunities uh of growth for all the operating divisions for all the business 
segments to participate uh in this it's not only the act business uh if you look at construction if you look at 

 
Internal 
the foot wear if you look at appliances if you look at fastmoving consumer goods all of these segments will 
significantly increase the automotive segment you know and we will participate in these segments yeah so 
I see a very robust and strong business even if the agricultural solution business demerged. 
Mr. Shirish 
Yeah sir, just you know to extend that you talked about ROC's and ROCE how would that look like on the 
agro side and the non-agro side  
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga 
We don't give that break up between the Agro and non-agro it's total that a consolidated view is what we 
take even for internal purpose we don't go for our ROCE on a segment yeah. 
Mr. Shirish 
That's fine sir but uh when I look at your capital employed which basically should give me the best 
approximation your asset base for a solutions is 20% of the total asset base and like you said it's like 50% 
of your profits so uh my guess is that it will be too much sort of tweaked around the agro side and the non-
agro part will probably come down to maybe single digit or maybe at best double digit so how do you 
propose to take that particular one and a related question to that is at what stage Alexander will you know 
you be inclined to make a large capex in India within the segments that are in the listed company i know 
you do a lot of capex outside of the listed company as well but of course we are more focused on the listed 
company. 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
 Yeah, I mean thank you for the for the question again we do not provide forward looking statements 
especially on capex or investments but what I can assure you is that the attention and the focus on India 
within the company is very high and that we look at every opportunity that we can see be it organic growth 
be it inorganic growth I mean we always evaluate all opportunities and then in in connection and uh in in 
collaboration and in discussion with the operating divisions look at these opportunities and whether we can 
implement the one or the other but that's as much as I can I can say we are um looking very intensively 
and focused on opportunities of growth in India and I think you know no matter in which legal entity it 
happens I mean at the end I always have a strong belief and this is my personal view that the listed entity 
will always benefit from this as well you know if more investments come to India it will it will have sort of a 
butterfly effect to to all entities that are present in India so that's something that we're certainly working on 
but nothing concrete at this point. 
 
 
 

 
Internal 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Manohar Kamath 
Questions of course from Mr Ajay Sharma because he was not able to unmute so I will state that for on his 
behalf , the first question is how do you see the agro business in FY 2025 performing predict so in the 
current in the current fiscal year . 
Mr. Alexander Gerding 
I don't provide forward-looking statements I will just reiterate the statement I gave before, the last fiscal year 
quarter or the first calendar year quarter you know um was a difficult one for us as you can see also reflected 
in the numbers that we showed and I think there was a strong focus and there is a strong focus by the team 
to be ready fully ready for the new season for the curry season coming of course we need to have a good 
monsoon we need to have good pest pressure but I think the team is ready for the new season and if a 
good monsoon happens and of course we will do our best yeah to capitalize on our position and gain a 
position wherever we can with a portfolio with a growing portfolio that we're having um I will not say more 
than that I think we're focusing on the right things. 
Mr. Manohar Kamath 
Yeah the next question is um you know the capacities uh in over capacities in China will continue uh so 
how do you expect the non-ag business to perform or move 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Yeah if I would have a crystal ball I would probably not be sitting here. I think the sustained situation in 
China and we've been talking about this over multiple analyst conferences as well right so this is not the 
first time that this comes up we have really not been seeing a substantial a substantial improvement be it 
on the consumer spending within China be it and of course the tariff this tariff situation that started in April 
with Trump taking power in in January and then announcing in April um all these reciprocal tariffs has 
certainly also not positively contributed it to it of course this is a dynamically evolving uh topic and uh and 
uh recently you know as we all have seen there seems to have been some deal made between the US and 
China on this but very early to say how this will translate then into um consumption in China and reduction 
of uh of pressure for over capacities that have been built over the years in China and that need to be filled 
and those volumes be sold yeah um where these volumes will end up um and how much of these volumes 
will eventually continue to be ending up in India yeah so for the time being what I would say is I mean don't 
have a prediction for this because we really have not seen a substantial improvement a substantial um 

 
Internal 
development here over the last uh quarters and even years yeah um so it continues to be a challenging 
situation for the chemical industry overall  
Mr. Manohar Kamath 
Okay the next question is on the materials and industrial solutions segments and the question is the margins 
have substantially fallen from 2022 onwards where it was around 7 8 to 10% and this has come down to 
now almost 3% so what's really happened in these segments you want to take it for the industrial for the 
industrial materials and industrial solution segment 
Mr. Anil Choudhary, Manufacturing Head & Whole-time Director 
Yeah so may be I comment for the industrial first in the industrial the same statement and explanation given 
by Naren was true that the input costs were higher there was a falling kind of market in terms of prices and 
we could not realize kind of the price increases we should have realized especially in the industrial 
especially in the dispersion segment also in the industrial segment within the plastic additives business we 
still see sustained kind of price pressure mainly because of imports from China yeah so there's over 
capacity situation there and we see sustained margin pressure also in the antioxid business in the industrial 
segment and then on performance materials actually has done quite well so uh both topline and uh and 
bottom line in absolute terms I mean uh there has been a significant increase in that uh segment yeah the 
performance material segment so they're actually very improved i was a little bit surprised the question only 
industrial we have a challenge for the margins. 
Mr. Rohit Nagraj 
 Yeah in the other segments in Q4 2025 quarter we had almost Rs. 20 crores a bit loss what is this related 
to. 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, CFO & Whole-time Director 
 In the other segments is something which I already talked about where we don't allocate it to the segment 
so it's basically the hedging cost the CSR cost other such corporate costs which are not charged to the 
segments and I showed the Rs. 51 crores versus I think Rs. 49 crores per between the two years so that 
that is explained by these costs corporate costs which are not allocated to the which cannot be allocated 
to the segments  
Mr. Manohar Kamath 
Total sales of about 15,000 crores how much is pure traded goods and how has this changed over the last 
3 years 
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, CFO & Whole-time Director 
So generally we have around 50% on own manufactured product and 50% merchandise yeah every 

 
Internal 
year kind of somewhere falls within that to be precise this year 44% was OMP and the balance 56% was 
uh merchandise same thing last year only 2 percentage points different 46% was OMP and 54% so 
generally you can say 45 : 55 is the breakup for OMP and merchandise. 
Mr. Rohit Nagraj 
The cash flow statement we can see that this year we have done a capex of 200 crores so is it entirely for 
the uh new Celesto facility or part of that is maintenance capex and part of that is growth capex  
Mr. Narendranath J. Baliga, CFO & Whole-time Director 
Good point so it's around Rs. 50 crores on um Celesto and the balance are maintenance capex and might 
be small little capex here and there some incremental capex incremental capex not like polyamide mainly 
maintenance we had some small project in Panoli and all that counts there 
Mr. Rohit Nagraj 
Sure got it, second thing again hopping on the agricultural solutions business so we have seen that last few 
years there have been uh you know new molecules which we have got from parent i think one more is likely 
to come in near future uh how is the same philosophy applicable for the other business segments are there 
any set of proprietary products which BASF is likely to I mean our parent is likely to give us and that could 
help incrementally  
More importantly I mean I know that we don't want to give any forward-looking statements but in the past 
say 3 to 5 years has there in been any shift in terms of such products in other business segments as well 
similar to agriculture solutions just wanted a broader view on. 
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
Let's say new developments happening in the industry also and uh I'll give example of let's say the electric 
vehicle which is know coming in though the overall penetration of electric vehicle in the country has been 
on the slower track so fast uh both in the two wheeler and the four-wheeler segments but that is also 
bringing new opportunities especially in terms of polyurethanes  plastics also in terms of battery materials 
and these are the areas where we are also trying to see that we get our innovative products and also we 
are trying to learn from matured markets like for example China where already PBS and these applications 
are well established to also learn from those markets and to see that we can penetrate and leverage upon 
those opportunities uh that's where our new capacity buildup like poly application lab in our Thane site is 
helping to also then speed up our innovation cycle and ensure that we are qualified at the applications at 
the customers and also gain those businesses this just example but such as such these new developments 
also let's say in terms of mobile phone manufacturing which is also growing uh and maybe semiconductor 
and all is also area where we are trying to ensure that uh we are pitching our products and gain the market 
share there applications. 

 
Internal 
Yep very true and I think to that point I mean we're trying to also continuously expand our research and 
development capabilities in the other segments yeah um uh with the polyurethane development lab that we 
inaugurated last year that's a good example um where we adapting our products and services to the needs 
of the of our Indian customers yeah be it the foot wear appliances construction automotive uh so these 
are good examples we're also continuously and increasingly utilizing our innovation campus yeah so 
we have demonstration labs uh there as well for other businesses like our care chemicals segment 
the pharma segment. So we are actively bringing new technologies differentiated technologies and 
adapting them also to the needs of our Indian customers yeah beyond agro  
Mr. Alexander Gerding, Managing Director 
I hope we were able to shed some light on all the questions yeah that you had thank you so much for asking 
the questions and um really looking forward for a strong 2025 and you can be rest assured that our team 
is fully focused so I also want to congratulate again the entire BASF India Limited team operations 
businesses service functions everybody because even in volatile and difficult times I think the team has 
proven once and again you know that we can have a strong performance and uh and continued 
performance yeah so we will continue to focus on those areas that we highlighted today and look forward 
to welcome you again at the next analyst conference thank you very much everybody thank you and take 
care and thank you very much thank you 
 
