 
 
 
CIN: L90001MH2001PLC130485West) - 400601 Phone: 022 – 4213 0300 | Email: info@antonyasia.com | 
Website: www.antony-waste.com 
 
 
Registered Office:  A-59, Road No. 10, Wagle Industrial Estate, Thane (West) – 400604, Maharashtra, India 
Phone: 022 – 3544 9555 | Email: info@antonywaste.in | Website: www.antony-waste.com 
 
 
Ref.: AW/COMP/SE/2025-26/18 
                                                
  Date: June 06, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543254 
To, 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C-1, Block G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051 
 
Symbol: AWHCL 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
Sub 
: Transcript of Earnings call held on May 30, 2025 
Ref. 
: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in continuation to our letters having 
reference number AW/COMP/SE/2025-26/10 dated May 22, 2025- regarding intimation of Earnings 
Call and AW/COMP/SE/2025-26/17 dated May 30, 2025 - regarding uploading of Audio Recording of 
Earnings Call, please find enclosed the transcript of the discussion held during the said Earnings Call 
held on May 30, 2025, at 3:00 pm (IST) w.r.t. discussion of operational and financial performance for 
Q4 & FY25 of the Company. 
 
The transcript is also hosted on the Company's website i.e. at https://www.antony-
waste.com/investors/financial/ 
   
This is for your information and records please.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For and on behalf of  
ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 
 
 
 
HARSHADA RANE 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
A34268 
 
Enc. a/a 
 
 
HARSHAD
A PRADEEP 
RANE
Digitally signed 
by HARSHADA 
PRADEEP RANE 
Date: 2025.06.06 
12:13:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 30th May 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JOSE JACOB – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL 
LIMITED 
MR. MAHENDRA ANANTHULA – GROUP PRESIDENT, 
OPERATION BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND 
DIVERSIFICATION, ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL 
LIMITED 
MR. SUBRAMANIAN N. G. – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Antony 
Waste Handling Cell Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jose Jacob - Chairman and Managing Director from 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jose Jacob: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q4 and FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. With me, I have Mr. Mahendra Ananthula - our Group President, Operation 
Business Development and Diversification; Mr. Subramanian - our Group CFO and SGA, our 
Investor Relation Advisors. Our Investor Presentation for Q4 and FY '25 is now available on the 
Stock Exchange and on our Company Website. 
For the full year, the company has exhibited strong operational performance across all sides, 
efficiently managing higher tonnage volumes, and demonstrating the strength and scalability of 
its operations. The company has successfully demonstrated exceptional operational efficiency, 
achieving an impressive plant load factor of approximately 82% in its flagship Waste to Energy 
facility at PCMC, highlighting the plants reliability and effectiveness in generating clean energy 
from wastes. 
Additionally, our construction and demolition waste recycling initiative set a new industry 
benchmark, reaching a remarkable recycling rate of 96%. Additionally, the successful 
conclusion of an arbitration process has resulted in a favorable settlement yielding substantial 
onetime gain of Rs. 28 crores and the fund has been credited to our account. This extraordinary 
line item has further supported the company’s financial position and our overall stability. This 
favorable outcome not only affirms our unwavering commitment to strict adherence to tender 
conditions but also strengthens our confidence that the remaining amounts currently involved in 
ongoing arbitration proceeding will be resolved in a similarly positive manner. 
Now, let me begin with the financial performance for 4th Quarter and for full year 2025: 
We close Q4 with a high record operating revenue of Rs. 223 crores, reflecting a solid growth 
of 14% compared to Q4 FY '24. This achievement highlights the continued strength of our 
operating model and effective execution across all business segments. 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
For the full year, we reported operating revenue of Rs. 842 crores, representing a healthy 10% 
increase over FY '24. This performance was boosted by multiple factors, including higher 
volume, increase sales of compost and refuse derived fuel, enhancing tipping fees, steady power 
generation from our Waste to Energy facility, contribution from the CIDCO Bio-mining and the 
commercial commencement of our construction and debris project in Dahisar, Mumbai. 
Collectively, these drivers contribute significantly to our topline growth and position us well for 
the continued success in the upcoming fiscal year. During the quarter, our C&T business revenue 
stood at Rs. 141 crores and for FY '25 stood at Rs. 581 crores. The processing entities showed 
robust progress posting 48% year-on-year growth this quarter with revenue of around Rs. 82 
crores and for FY '25 processing revenue growth by impressive 25% reaching to Rs. 261 crores 
compared to FY '24. This growth was driven by high power sales from PCMC Waste to Energy 
plant, steady contribution from the CIDCO Bio-mining project and revenue from our 
construction and demolition waste processing. These results highlighted our integrated waste 
management strategy, blending operational excellence with strategic infrastructure investment 
that are now delivering consistent returns. 
Our EBITDA for Q4 stood at Rs. 58 crores, reflecting a significant 33% year-on-year growth 
with margin standing at 23% and for FY '25, EBITDA stood at Rs. 220 crores, reflecting a year-
on-year growth of 9% with margin standing at 23% consistent with our stated guidance. This 
strong financial performance highlights our continued focus on operational excellence and our 
enhanced efficiency in waste processing operations showcasing our ability to effectively utilize 
assets while reinforcing our unwavering commitment to sustainable waste management 
practices. 
Additionally, our wholly owned subsidiary AG Enviro had commenced worldwide operation 
under the recent renewed Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation contract. This strategic renewal 
showcases the company’s strong foothold in the region and showcases its ability to effectively 
resecure and manage collection and transportation projects. Furthermore, as part of the strategic 
initiative aimed at optimizing both operational performance and financial strength, the company 
had commenced the processing of merging AG Enviro, its large wholly owned subsidiary with 
the publicly listed holding company. With this planned reorganization of integrating AG Enviro 
into the holding company, the organization anticipates significant improvement in operational 
synergy, cost effectiveness and overall financial stability, positioning itself for sustained growth. 
Looking ahead, we remain steadfast in our commitment to scaling up investment in sustainable 
waste management projects and enhancing operational excellence. By leveraging our expertise 
in MSW management, optimizing operational efficiency and pursuing strategic expansion 
opportunities, we are dedicated to deliver strong sustainable and long-term value. Through these 
efforts, we aim to build a cleaner, greener future, positively impacting the communities we serve 
and setting new standards in responsible waste management. 
Thanking you. And I am now turning to the operational aspect. Let me get Mahendra in. 
Mahendra, over to you. Thank you. 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
Thank you, sir. Before I get on to the operational performance of Antony Waste Handling Cell 
Limited, let me give a short brief on the recent Bombay High Court order ruling around the  
Kanjur project. 
On 2nd May 2025, Bombay High Court set aside the 2009 denotification of approximately 120 
hectares at the Kanjurmarg Landfills, thereby restoring its status as a protected forest under the 
Forest Conservation Act 1980 and the Indian Forest Act 1927. The Court found this 
denotification to be non-compliant with statutory procedure holding that the 2008 notification 
conferring protected mangrove forest status based on due process and factual assessment, not 
clerical error as suggested by the state of Maharashtra and BMC. The BMC is directed to 
effectuate restoration of forest status within 3 months during which waste disposal may continue. 
Municipal solid waste management, including collection, transportation, treatment and disposal 
is considered an essential service under the Essential Services Maintenance Act 1981. This order 
significantly impairs Mumbai's waste management regime as the Kanjurmarg site processes 
majority of the city’s solid waste, and no immediate alternative exists. The state of Maharashtra 
and BMC intend to challenge the order before the Supreme Court, while Landfill operations and 
concession rights and protection under the concession agreement remain intact, which includes 
seeking compensation for losses from premature cessation, decommissioning costs, third party 
claims, invested capital and foregone revenue for the remaining concession period. In short, the 
State Government and BMC have decided to challenge their decision in Supreme Court. They 
are exploring legal options on this subject because BMC, other than the Kanjurmarg site, has no 
other option in the city for scientific disposal of MSW. 
Now, on to the operational aspect: 
The company’s waste to energy facility in PCMC delivered exceptional operational 
performance, achieving a remarkable plant load factor of approximately 90%, a significant 
increase from 76% in the preceding quarter. For FY '25, the facility maintained a strong average 
PLF of about 82%, reflecting sustained operational excellence and robustness of the underlying 
technology. This performance highlights the plant’s reliability and efficiency in converting 
waste into clean energy, reaffirming the company's confidence in its WTE capabilities. 
Furthermore, Antony Waste’s construction and demolition waste recycling initiative established 
a new industry benchmark by achieving an impressive 96% recycling rate, effectively 
transforming waste into valuable resources and advancing the circular economy goals. 
During the quarter, our collection and transportation operations efficiently managed about 0.49 
million tons of waste and processed around 0.87 million tons of municipal solid waste, 
showcasing the year-on-year growth of 7% and 30% respectively. The total tonnage for quarter 
four of FY '25 stood at about 1.36 million tons, representing a notable 20% year-on-year 
increase. Over the course of FY '25, we managed total MSW volume of about 4.93 million tons, 
reflecting a 6% year-on-year growth. This robust performance highlights the strength of our 
operations and strengthens our confidence in achieving our internal volume growth targets. In 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
quarter four of FY '25, we started the new Navi Mumbai collection & transportation contract in 
a phased manner and all the wards will be fully operational in quarter one of FY '26. 
On the waste to energy front, our PCMC Waste to Energy plant generated over 26 million green 
units in Q4FY '25, highlighting our ongoing commitment to reduce reliance on fossil fuels and 
lowering carbon emissions. Through these efforts, we also avoided 2,629 tons of CO2 equivalent 
reinforcing our dedication to sustainability and environmental stewardship. The company 
achieved record annual sales for both compost and RDF, underscoring the growing momentum 
of our waste valorization initiatives. In the March quarter itself, RDF sales reached about 45,200 
tons while compost sales stood at around 4,500 tons. For the full fiscal year, RDF sales increased 
to about 1,48,000 tons and compost sales nearly doubled to around 21,200 tons compared to 
1,46,000 tons and 10,000 tons effectively in the previous year. This robust growth reflects our 
continued commitment to transforming waste into valuable resources while also indicating rising 
market acceptance and demand for our high-quality sustainable products. 
On the ESG front, our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions for the year totaled about 26,000 tons and 
2,700 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent respectively with avoided emissions amounting to 
around 12,800 tons. Additionally, our ground staff strength currently stands at 10,766 reflecting 
our continued investment in skilled workforce to support our operations and sustainability 
initiatives. 
Going forward, the company remains deeply committed to fostering sustainable growth while 
continually enhancing operational efficiency. Our journey is anchored in a robust track record 
of performance, underpinned by a culture of adaptability and an unwavering dedication to 
excellence. These core strengths position us to not only meet but exceed our internal objectives 
as we align our operations with evolving environmental standards. 
Thank you and I will now hand over the call to NG for financial highlights. 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Thank you, Mahendra. Good afternoon, everyone. 
For the 4th Quarter ending March ‘25, our operating revenue witnessed a strong growth of 14%, 
reaching a record high of Rs. 223 crores compared to the same period last year. For the full year, 
this figure stood at Rs. 842 crores, the growth of 10% on a year-on-year basis. The total operating 
revenue which includes income from sale of recyclables and RDF, but excluding contract 
revenue stood at Rs. 247 crores for the quarter, reflecting a 15% year-on-year growth. 
And for the full year, this number stood at Rs. 933 crores, a growth of 8%. In FY '25, we have 
observed a shift in our revenue composition. MSW C&T contributed 61% of the revenue with 
processing accounting for 27% and contracts and other at 12%. This reflects a change from FY 
'24, where these numbers were 62%, 23% and 14% respectively. Our diversified revenue streams 
continue to offer strategic flexibility and positions the company for long-term sustained growth. 
The group reported an EBITDA of Rs. 58 crores for the quarter, which is a 33% year-on-year 
growth with margins at 23%. For FY '25, the EBITDA stood at Rs. 220 crores reflecting year-

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
on-year growth of 9% and EBITDA margin of 23% in line with our stated guidance. These 
results underscore its efficiency and the financial discipline adopted by the company. 
For the quarter, the profit before tax before exceptional items stood at Rs. 25 crores, reflecting a 
substantial growth of 90% on a year-on-year basis. And for the full year, the profit before tax 
was Rs. 95 crores versus Rs. 109 crores. On a year-on-year basis, this decline was primarily 
attributable to higher interest and depreciation expenses following the commissioning of WTE 
and the C&T projects. Notably, cash profit before tax has increased by 16% to Rs. 188 crores, 
further enhancing of financial flexibility and resilience. The PAT for the quarter was Rs. 46 
crores, a growth of 53% on a year-on-year basis and for FY '25, it stood at Rs. 101 crores, a 
marginal growth of 1%. 
During 4th Quarter, the company achieved an extraordinary gain of Rs. 23.9 crores, a direct 
result of a decisive victory in arbitration proceedings upheld by the Bombay High Court. This 
landmark outcome reaffirms our uncompromising commitment to upholding tender conditions 
and set the strong precedent for our continued adherence to the higher standards of compliance. 
As of March ‘25, the group's gross debt stood at approximately Rs. 473 crores with cash and 
bank balances of around Rs. 132 crores, resulting in net debt of approximately Rs. 341 crores. 
This indicates a net debt to equity of 0.4x. The group’s weighted cost of debt is approximately 
9.1% and the DSOs remained stable at 101. Cash flow from operations post taxes has improved 
by 34% year-on-year to Rs. 187 crores from Rs. 140 crores last year. 
Looking ahead, we remain steadfast in our commitment to operational efficiency and excellence. 
The efficient performance of our WTE project, the successful commercial launch of our C&D 
project, the commencement of revenue generation from our new C&T contract effectively helps 
us to report stable growth going forward. Escalation, which is a part of business, has been slightly 
sticky in the last period, which we feel can be made-up with the appropriate approvals coming 
in time. We anticipate steady and sustainable progress in the upcoming fiscal years, which is 
aided by a healthy orderbook position of approximately Rs. 8,300 crores, which further 
reinforces our confidence in achieving the company's long-term strategic objectives. 
That concludes our remarks. We would now like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Atul Daga from Daga Securities. Please go ahead. 
Atul Daga: 
 Good afternoon. So just two questions from my side. Have we recently submitted any bids for 
new contracts if could you provide some insights into? And which projects are we focusing on 
collection and transportation or processing considering that processing is a better margin 
product? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
Yes. Good afternoon. When it comes to processing projects, we have already submitted 3 waste 
to energy tenders, 2 in the South and 1 in the Western part of the country and 2 more waste to 
energy projects we are currently working on the tenders. So, there are 5 processing projects to 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
answer your question. And in the Collection and Transportation segment, as we speak, we are 
currently working on the Mumbai C&T tenders, the 8 packages in Mumbai, they have come up 
last week. We will be bidding for it. And apart from this, there is also one package in South of 
India, which we will be bidding for. 
Atul Daga: 
Sir, another question from my end. As our objective, which is to reduce dependency on 
municipal corporations, so are we actively looking on any new opportunities and if we are, then 
can you please share the update on the tyre recycling and vehicle scrapping front as well? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
Thank you for asking this question because as we had always maintained that we are always 
trying to look for non-municipal clients. As we speak, we are in the advanced stage of discussion 
with a very large Indian corporate to set-up a municipal solid waste to steam project. So, unlike 
a waste to energy project where we process RDF to generate electricity, this would be producing 
process steam and this corporate would be using it for their captive manufacturing facility. This 
is a project that we are very excited about. And coming to the end of life vehicle scrapping and 
so on, as we had mentioned in the previous earnings call, we wanted to buy land for the project. 
We are pleased to announce that we have identified one piece of land and we should be closing 
this deal in the next couple of months, and hopefully in the next earnings call, we will be giving 
an update on that. 
Atul Daga: 
That was helpful. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rupam Jaiswal from Investwell Agents. 
Please go ahead. 
Rupam Jaiswal: 
Hello. 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
Good afternoon. 
Rupam Jaiswal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, I just had one question like in this current quarter, you got a long due 
receivable of Rs. 4 crores and you got an interest payment around Rs. 23 crores. So like this, 
how many cases are pending with you all like the long due cases? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So we have one large case which is pending in the Supreme Court for the final hearing. So that 
would be to the tune of around Rs. 15 crores. And additionally there are around Rs. 19 crores of 
unbilled revenues waiting confirmation from the clients. So these are the 2 large revenue blocks, 
which is still outside for which we are awaiting clarification and confirmation from the legal 
body and from the clients. 
Rupam Jaiswal: 
So like how long is this case pending like this Rs. 4 crores was just the book value. But you got 
an interest payment of Rs. 23 crores, like how long was this case pending with you all? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
This was close to 14 years for us. 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Rupam Jaiswal: 
14 years and the rest cases which you have set about Rs. 15 cores and the rest unbilled revenue, 
so it is all the book value? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Now, in the case of the Rs. 15 crores amount, we don't expect any interest payouts from there 
because this has been cleared from the Standing Committee of that particular Municipal 
Corporation. So we don't foresee any additional revenue from that. And on the escalation 
amount, I think this will keep on adding as and when the time increases. 
Rupam Jaiswal: 
So these are the only two cases which are pending with you all guys as of now? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Yes, these are only two points and these are all pre 2016 events. So as and post 2016, our 
contracts have been much more cleaner and much more transparent in terms of interpretation. 
So that helps the tendering team and the client. 
Rupam Jaiswal: 
Yes, sir, that that was my only question. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Maheshwari from Tata AIG General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Good evening, sir. 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
Good evening, Rohit. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Sir, first question I have, you said in your opening remark that you have an order book of Rs. 
8,300 crores, yes? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Yes. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
So can you give a break up of this Rs. 8,300 crores and the time given duration of this Rs. 8,300 
crores to get executed? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So of the Rs. 8,300 crores, on a percentage basis, close to 58% is having a long tail which will 
expire by 2040. The balance would be executed over the next 12 years. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Next? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
12 years. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
It takes us 15 years, on an average, it will be 13-14 odd years? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Yes. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Sir, just to understand because maybe you are in a sector where the tam is too large can make, 
but I don't think so the tam is a problem, but the I guess the problem is considering the size of 
your company, we are not seeing a growth of like 15%-17% type of growth at the topline and 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
the bottom-line level. So does the expectation of investors from your company of 15%-17% is 
wrong and we should tone it down to 7%-8% type of growth or something, I am going to wrong 
direction? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So let me put this into perspective. If you were to look at our last 5-year trend, my revenue in 
2021 was Rs. 480 odd crores and I am doing around Rs. 960 odd crores today. So in a span of 5 
years, I think I have almost doubled my revenue. Now, if you were to look around year-on-year 
basis, FY '24 was Rs. 890 crores and FY '25 was Rs. 960 crores, so not a big number. As we 
have been reiterating we cannot show a linear growth of 15%-20% on a year-on-year basis. We 
will be showing CAGR growth, which will be stepped up growth for us because as and when 
we bag a contract the revenue starts coming in C&T business after 8 months and in case of 
processing after 2.5 years. So we will not be able to show a 10%, 15%, 20% year-on-year growth, 
but if you look at CAGR growth, that is the historical trend and that is the pathway that we have. 
The company's balance sheet also supports such kind of large jumps in new projects and that is 
how you will see the net debt to be kept at 0.4 and not at 1.1 consistently. So the moment we get 
new contracts which meets our threshold returns, which meets our risk parameters, which meets 
our internal milestones, then we go with those projects, and we deploy the capital adequately. 
This is a very tough industry when it comes to managing waste and it is a tough industry, given 
the fact that it is B2G kind of a concept. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
So basically, if I got you right, so basically, I think it is not a company to see from year-on-year 
perspective, you need to see the company from a 5-year perspective and on a 5-year perspective, 
the CAGR can be 15%-17% odd, year-on-year cannot be a CAGR of 15%. So this is what the 
key take away I can take out? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Yes, that is a good way to summarize this. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Sir, second is, I guess I have read somewhere in FY '25, you had some revenue from construction 
and demolition, yes? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Yes. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
So what was that amount? 
Subramanian N. G..: 
We normally don't comment on unit wise numbers, but on a broad basis, we handled around 
250-300 tons per day for the last 4 months. And the average realization would be around Rs. 
1,405 per ton. That is our trend. So we expect that in the next 6 months, this number of 250-300 
tons per day kind of processing will increase to 600-700 tons. So the plant is designed or capable 
of processing close to 700 tons per day, but the quantity here will ramp up over a period of time. 
It is a 20-year project for us. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
But the contract value will always be between Rs. 50-Rs. 75 crores, correct? 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Subramanian N. G.: 
That assumes only tonnage for tipping fees. There is also additional revenue from sale of 
byproducts like M-sand and your rocks and aggregates. So realization of that will also be 
something that will add to the topline. 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
I would say that in our business plan, we are working with the 600 tons per day kind of number. 
So with the kind of tipping fee that we have, we will have about Rs. 30-Rs. 32 crores of annual 
revenue. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
And can I just to like, one step before I was asking 15%-17% CAGR, so do you see your 
company in next 5 years to be a topline of Rs. 2,000 crores type of topline and the bottom-line 
of like Rs. 200 odd crores plus bottom-line? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Rohit, if you were to look at the kind of projects that we are bidding for, it will be very ambitious 
for us to say those numbers today. So I think as the time goes, we will be in a better position to 
say numbers and stick our neck out. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir. I am done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ketan R Chheda who is a Retail Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ketan R Chheda: 
Hi, thank you for your opportunity. My first question is with regards to the debt and the cash 
that we have on the balance sheet. So I believe we have about Rs. 130 odd crores of cash. Do 
we have any plans to retire any of the debt so that our interest cost can reduce in the next financial 
year? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So of the Rs. 132 crores of debt, bulk of them have been given as collateral for bank guarantees 
and earnest money deposit for ongoing contracts. Rs. 28 crores of cash is recently received as of 
the month end from the arbitration process that we won. So the plan is to use the capital in a very 
judicious manner. There are a couple of upcoming projects which Mahendra had mentioned. So 
we will be using this as an equity contribution towards those new projects. And if nothing 
fructifies, then yes, we will be applying the same towards debt repayment. 
Ketan R Chheda: 
And just a continuation to that, we were to receive the VGF amount for our PCMC WTE plant. 
Have you received the full consideration of the viability gap funding amount? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So out of the Rs. 50 crores, we have received Rs. 45 crores of the VGF funds and the same has 
been used to retire debt and provide collateral to the lender. The balance Rs. 5 crores is due in 
the next 6 months’ time, which the company is following it up. 
Ketan R Chheda: 
And my another question is, with respect to the Kanjur Court case now again, there is a very 
hypothetical scenario, so please bear with me, but say, for example, in a worst case basis, if the 
Supreme Court also kind of gives a similar verdict and we have to cancel this project of the 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Kanjur, so what is it that we will receive for the termination of the contract? What would be the 
quantum of the amount that you would receive? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
So, we actually are engaging one of the big four for doing an independent valuation exercise for 
the same for the same reason. But as you rightly said, this is a hypothetical situation because as 
you would have noticed that BMC officially had made a statement that the city would come to 
a standstill if this project had to stop because they have no other alternative site to serve. But we 
are very clear and as we said also in our commentary that in case, the worst-case scenario, if the 
project is terminated, then as per the concession agreement our rights are protected, and we will 
seek termination payments. The amount invested and the loss of revenue. So, to get to a number, 
we are taking help of one of the big four audit firms. 
Subramanian N. G.: 
As Mahendra mentioned the legal opinion clearly states that the operator will get compensation 
for the losses from premature cessation of work, any decommissioning cost incurred that will be 
reimbursed. Any third-party claim from lenders will also be reimbursed. Invested capital and 
foregone revenue for the remaining concession period will also be paid. So basically, the 
operator doesn't have anything to lose here the city will 
Ketan R Chheda: 
Sure. And my last question is on your tyre recycling and the vehicles garbage project. So is there 
a tentative timeline by when we can start commercializing and start booking revenues for that 
project? I know it is delayed due to your land acquisition process, but just any timelines that you 
have set right now as of now. 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
Yes, as I mentioned, we have already identified the land. We expect to close the land deal in the 
next 4 months. And then it is 6-9 months process for implementation of the project. So you can 
say from FY '27 onwards, it will be the operational phase for the project.  
Ketan R Chheda: 
Sure. Alright. Thank you so much. All the best. Those are my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karan Sharma from KS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Sharma: 
Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. I just had one question. So you know we have always guided to 
the market that we would be growing our operating revenue by around 20%. But this year we 
could achieve only 10%. So what is the future outlook as in like for next year and the years to 
come? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So we have been guiding at 20%-25% CAGR growth on our core revene, not a year-on-year 
growth. As I mentioned, it is very difficult for us to maintain that kind of year-on-year growth. 
So if you look at a bunch of 5 years, I would say is a total CAGR growth is what we have been 
guiding and that is something that we feel, a 20%-25% is achievable based on the project pipeline 
that we have. In the current financial year, if you look at the soft-core operating revenue of 10%, 
that is mainly because of few of the clients escalation amounts not getting recognized in the 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
reported period because we are still awaiting clarification and confirmation from the client. So 
once the same were to come, the same will be recorded in the current financial year. 
Karan Sharma: 
Got it. That is it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Soumya S from Insightful Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Soumya S: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to clarify the 250-300 ton per day collection 
that we do, what was the realization that you said for the same? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
We are paid tipping fee for the waste collected, transported and processed. So the tipping fee for 
that is Rs. 1,400 per ton which BMC pays. 
Soumya S: 
Understood. And another clarification was when you spoke about the Rs. 8,300 crores order, 
which is to be split completion by FY '40 and over the next 12 years. What was that exactly 
regarding? Which project is it? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So this is a cumulative of all the projects that we have. We have 26 projects of different tenures, 
and we have an existing tonnage and we have an existing rate. So if you multiply that, this is the 
total value of the project that we need to execute based on contracts that we already signed or 
executing as of today. 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
So this is the value of the project which still needs to be executed over the years 
Soumya S: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sevanth Bommannagari, an Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Sir, my question is like based on more direction wise. So generally the amount is in the 
processing contracts, right, it is not in the C&T, C&T is like the price war, right? So why are we 
not winning or more processing based contracts like the Kanjurmarg plant? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
As I mentioned earlier that we are currently bidding for 5 projects, 4 of which are waste to energy 
projects and 1 is a waste pre-processing project, so there are 5 processing tenders that we are 
currently bidding. Over and above that as I mentioned, we also are in advanced stage of 
discussion with a private corporate for waste to steam project. So that would be, you can say 
private entity merchant plant. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Any revenue size from that? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
I am sorry. 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Any revenue size for that corporate thing? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
No. It is too early. We are currently finalizing the technical and the commercial conditions. And 
as and when it matures, then we will be happy to share the details. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
My second question is what is the revenue from WTE plant in FY '25? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
It is Rs. 62 crores. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Can I consider EBITDA of 40%? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
We normally don't comment on plant wise EBITDA numbers over here, but 40% is lower range 
for such projects. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Sir, my last question is from now on, we will bid more for WTE plans than collection and 
transportation and the processing contracts because the more contracts are being bid for WTE 
plants, is that the right statement? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
No, we actually want to have a balance of the two because both have their advantages and 
disadvantages. But in collection and transportation contracts, we are also very choosy. So that is 
why we are bidding only for large cities or large municipalities who have the ability to pay and 
have a good track record of payments. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Can I ask one more question? So in your opinion, how many cities are doing processing like 
Mumbai? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
5 I have already mentioned, right, so you can say maybe another 4 or 5 are in advanced stage of 
tender preparation. So you can say 10 may be. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
No, my question was more based on this Tier 2 and tier 3 cities, right? They don't process waste, 
they just dump in the open grounds, right? So why are they not tendering, processing contracts 
is I mean what my question was? 
Mahendra Ananthula: 
That got to do with the affordability of those cities, but it is not that every city is looking at only 
waste to energy. There are several cities which are looking at composting as an option. They are 
looking at MRF and composting and RDF as the solutions. They are looking at Bio-CNG 
projects as a processing option. So there are combinations. Different cities have chosen different 
kind of waste processing technologies and processes. Waste to energy happens to be one of them, 
which is a good solution for a city of, let us say for a size of 10,00,000 plus population. 
Sevanth Bommannagiri: 
Yes. Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronak Shah from Equirus Securities Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Ronak Shah: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the volume. So when we look at to the 4th Quarter volume 
growth, the total tonnage what we have handled plus processed is at around 19% odd. So this is 
the like-to-like comparison or something which I am missing over here? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
I am sorry. Can you speak clearly? 
Ronak Shah: 
Yes, sir. So for the quarter, the total tonnage including the collection and processing, the growth 
is at 19% odd. So this is a like-to-like comparison or something which we are missing over here? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
Yes, this is not like-to-like comparison because we have adjusted the numbers for the Mangalore 
project, which had a run off. So this is on our existing contracts that we are talking about that 
this is the growth on our existing numbers of the live contracts. So that is why you see a disparity 
in our volumes growth versus revenue growth. 
Ronak Shah: 
So from like-to-like basis, what can be the steady state growth going forward in next 2-3 years? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
If we were to work on our existing projects on the C&T business with escalation and the volume 
growth, we will be looking at anywhere between 8%-11% depending upon the escalation again. 
We will normally see volumes growth of around 3%-4% and the escalation gives additional 3%-
8% depending upon the minimum wage change and the HSD component price swings. 
Ronak Shah: 
Got it. And sir, my second question is regarding to the margin. So when we compare the guidance 
vis-a-vis the actual performance, our core operating EBITDA margin excluding the other income 
stores between the range of 20%-21% odd. So how company is seeing this margin panning out 
over the next 2-3 years? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
So bulk of our CAPEX at our processing units are almost at the fag-end of our life. So I would 
say the core EBITDA margins and the reported EBITDA margins should kind of merge over the 
next 2-3 quarters. I think post monsoon there may be an additional 2 quarters of CAPEX, but 
post that we don't foresee significant CAPEX movements in our existing processing contracts. 
Ronak Shah: 
So I can expect similar 20%-21% kind of the EBITDA margin? 
Subramanian N. G.: 
No, actually the core EBITDA margin will move towards 22%-23%. 
Ronak Shah: 
Got it. That is it from my side, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Jose Jacob for closing comments. 
Jose Jacob: 
I want to take the moment to thank our dedicated team for their incredible contribution to our 
success. Your tireless efforts have been essentially nurturing our goals, and we are building on 
that momentum. Our focus remains on delivering consistent results and creating long-term value 
for our shareholders. We are committed to investing in innovation and leveraging our expertise 

 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
May 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
to strengthen our market position and drive sustainable growth. I am particularly excited about 
a path towards a cleaner and greener future. And I wish you all a very pleasant evening and thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
