 
LUPIN LIMITED 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, Off W. E. Highway, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055 India. Tel: (91-22) 6640 2323.  
Corporate Identity Number: L24100MH1983PLC029442  
www.lupin.com 
 
 
 
 
May 21, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai Samachar Marg, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Symbol: LUPIN 
Scrip Code: Equity - 500257 
 
Subject:  Transcript of the Investors Meet 2025.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated May 02, 2025 and May 15, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III, Part A, Para A(15)(b) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed, copy of the transcript of the Investors 
Meet 2025 held on May 15, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Investors Meet 2025 is available on the website of the Company at www.lupin.com.  
 
The above is for your information and dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
AMIT KUMAR GUPTA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(ACS -15754) 
 
Encl: a/a. 
 
 
 
 
 
AMIT KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by AMIT KUMAR GUPTA 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=f72cf02f52d2a7e595b45b84659bdca28c8f26a939bb35
835a169f2a237229a3, postalCode=400705, street=C701 
Shivdarshan CHS Ltd Sector16 Plot No5 Navi Mumbai, 
pseudonym=d3a468d0d03546efabffd2a7cb7aaaae, title=7875, 
serialNumber=de9bbd80d8994e4be9f0dd2399144eba7e782d70
287df6aad1994f0b522fa08a, o=Personal, cn=AMIT KUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2025.05.21 15:59:02 +05'30'

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Lupin Limited Investor Meet FY2025” 
 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
• MS. VINITA GUPTA – CEO, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. NILESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAMESH SWAMINATHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL CFO & HEAD OF API 
PLUS SBU, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAVI AGRAWAL – M&A AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
Ravi Agrawal:  
Dear friends, it gives me great pleasure in welcoming you all for our investor 
meet, including the people who have joined us online. Apologies for the slight 
delay but it's great to have you all here and welcome again. On the dais today 
we have Vinita Gupta our CEO, Nilesh Gupta our Managing Director, and 
Ramesh our Global CFO. I am Ravi Agrawal, Head of Investor Relations at 
Lupin. We have a small AV which we will run for you and then we will get into 
a presentation and then after that we will follow it up with Q&A. Over to you 
for running the AV to start the meet. 
We start the presentation now.  Before we start, I think the safe harbor 
statement. Information provided during this presentation may contain some 
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current 
expectations, forecasts, and assumptions that are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual outcomes and results to differ 
materially from those statements. The company disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or 
otherwise, unless required by applicable law. I'd now request Vinita to come 
and just start the presentation for us, please.  
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Thank you, Ravi. Well, it's a real pleasure to meet all of you here today in 
person. I know we haven't done a face-to-face meeting for a good number of 
years. The last time I recall we met, it was I think in 2022, when we were just 
coming out of COVID, had gone through a number of challenges that had 
impacted our performance. And from there, in 2022, with the efforts that we 
worked upon, I think about it, number one, execution of new product 
launches, in particular in the US, to turn around the US business, leveraging 
our complex generic portfolio to build Other Developed Markets, growing 
India and Other Emerging Markets on a consistent basis. At the same time, 
focus on cost optimization whether it's footprint rationalization or broad 
efficiency measures, and third, our quality and compliance efforts that 
enabled us to work through our OAI sites, 3 sites in particular, have really 
enabled us to turn our business around over the last 3 years. 
 
We are very pleased that fiscal year ‘25 has been a stellar year for the 
organization where we have continued the momentum, the growth 
momentum, as well as continue to evolve our strategic growth drivers and 
capabilities to continue to grow in the future. So we look forward to sharing 
with you our performance thus far and our plans going forward.  
 
So before that, I will just start with where Lupin is today. When you look at 
our company globally, we are the 12th largest generic company by revenues. 
We had a great year with USD 2.7 billion in revenue and USD 625 million in 
EBITDA, delivered by a very strong group of Lupinytts. When you look at our 
presence across our key markets, we have a leadership position in all our key 
markets. Starting with the US, where we are the 3rd largest company by 
prescriptions dispensed. India, where we are the 8th largest, primarily 
organically. I mean there are companies that have done acquisitions that have 
gone above us but from an organic growth standpoint, we have consistently 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
grown our India business. And other markets like Australia, where we are the 
4th largest company on the generic front, and South Africa, where we are the 
8th largest company on the generic front. So really a substantial position in all 
our critical markets, driven by a very strong pipeline of generics, branded 
drugs, as well as complex generics. 
 
If you look at our business globally, for this past year, it's very well diversified. 
You look at the Developed Markets and the Emerging Markets. The US and 
Other Developed Markets are roughly 50%, India and Other Emerging 
markets are roughly 50%. And when you look at the nature of the business, 
the India and Emerging Market is primarily branded business. US, Other 
Developed Market is primarily generic business. So very well diversified 
business geographically. Very pleased with the progress we have made on the 
ESG front. So it's been a stellar year for us, not only from a financial 
perspective, building on the growth momentum but also growing sustainably 
as an organization.  
So this is our current footprint around the world. In particular, on the 
manufacturing front, we have a very strong footprint that supports our 
generic business globally, with 15 manufacturing sites around the world, 4 in 
the Americas, 2 in the US in particular, that give us tremendous capability and 
flexibility to be able to manufacture more in the US If it made sense, based on 
the tariff considerations and also the economic incentives that the 
government puts in place, if it's attractive, we will have the flexibility to 
manufacture more in the US 
 
Look at our R&D centres, seven R&D centres around the world, including 4 in 
the Americas again, 2 in the US, as well as in Mexico and Brazil, and then 1 in 
the Netherlands, the Nanomi long-acting injectable R&D centre in Nanomi. So 
tremendous capabilities on the R&D and manufacturing front to drive our 
growth going forward as an organization.  
You look at our manufacturing plants, in particular, for the US, we have 12 
plants that serve the US market. I'd say 11 right now because the Pune biotech 
facility is yet to be approved by the FDA, but have multiple manufacturing 
sites that are approved by the FDA, as well as other regulators that enable us 
to build our generic business.  
So if you look at our major pillars of growth,  you saw our purpose statement 
that we take a lot of pride in. We put a lot of effort in crystallizing that 
statement and are very proud of catalysing treatments, both across 
innovative medicines as well as affordable medicines to serve the 
communities and the patients that we provide drugs to. 
 
When you look at our major pillars of our business, the US in particular has 
come a long way for the organization, evolving our portfolio from the simple 
products to complex generics, in particular on the inhalation front, very soon 
on the injectable front as well, fiscal year ‘26 is going to be a material year on 
the injectables front, and biosimilars, which is an opportunity that is emerging 
now for us. There's been a lot of back and forth on the biosimilars front over 
the last couple of years, but given the change from a regulatory perspective, 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
the FDA reducing the requirements for interchangeability studies, as well as 
the private label model appearing in the US, the US is emerging as an 
attractive biosimilars market, of course with selective portfolio choices. We 
also continue to operate our legacy business of oral solids, ophthalmic, 
dermatology, and leverage product opportunities that differentiate us, like 
you have seen Mirabegron, Tolvaptan that is going to be a material 
contributor in fiscal year ‘26. So the US is on a very strong foundation, a very 
strong trajectory from a growth perspective in the next couple of years. Other 
Developed Markets, especially Europe, Canada, Australia, leveraging our 
portfolio in the US, the platforms in the US, complex generics are the largest 
part of growth in Other Developed Markets and allow us to really build both 
on our capacities, manufacturing as well as R&D capabilities, to gain operating 
leverage across the globe.  
In India, we continue to focus on delivering growth above the market. The last 
5 years, the last 10 years, we have consistently grown above the market. We'd 
like to grow 1.2, 1.3 times the market and we have done that in many years. 
The last couple of years, with the loss of exclusivity on-inlicensed products, 
the growth has been a little below that, but it's still been above market growth 
over the last many years. Our strategy is both innovative products as well as 
a pipeline that we have built internally as well as  licensed through partners, 
and acquisitions. You saw recently we acquired the insulin brand from Lilly, 
which enables us to really gain the end-to-end economics on the product. And 
we will continue to look at acquisition opportunities to bolster our portfolio 
in the India business. Simultaneously, we also are expanding our footprint. 
We have done pretty well in terms of sales force expansion over the last 
couple of years, and continue to focus on expanding our footprint as a 
business within India. 
 
Also, you have seen us getting into strategic adjacencies that enable us to go 
beyond the pill, beyond the prescription medicine, into diagnostics, digital, 
OTC products that enable us to bring a full solution to the patient as opposed 
to just the prescription. We are starting to see the benefits of the strategy. 
We are starting to see the impact of the strategy on our prescription business, 
and we will continue to evolve these areas to be able to both strategically 
contribute to our position in the marketplace as well as build value through 
these efforts. 
 
Other Emerging Markets, in particular South Africa, Brazil, Mexico, 
Philippines, we have strong local businesses that are pretty self-sustaining. All 
of them tend to really run the business on a positive cash flow, on growing 
profitably, primarily through their own pipeline developed internally or in-
licensed, but also, where possible, integrate with Lupin's pipeline in particular 
in the key areas like respiratory, CNS, biologics as well. In the Emerging 
Markets we also have a strong position in institutional business with our TB 
Portfolio, which is the company's legacy business. I am very proud that we are 
continuing to maintain a leadership position in this segment. 
 
On the API front, we have built substantial scale, and it's enabled us to really 
build a very strong reliability of supply on the generic side of the business. 
This has been a critical piece of discussion in the US conversations very 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
recently, where the US would like to bring API manufacturing in the US if 
possible but we as an organization have more than 50% of our generic 
portfolio vertically integrated through our own APIs that enables us to really 
have a very strong cost position as well as reliability of supply that we have 
been able to leverage to ensure that we meet the market requirements on a 
consistent basis. We also have leveraged the API business and capabilities to 
build a CDMO business, as you saw. This past year, we have made significant 
progress there in terms of the teams and capabilities and we will continue to 
evolve our CDMO business based on these API capabilities to be able to build 
value with this vertical. So, multiple growth drivers in the organization, that 
give us the confidence of consistent growth going forward.  
So, when I look at the journey over the last 5 years, there are many areas to 
highlight. On the commercial front, the turnaround of the US business was a 
material event for us over the last couple of years that enabled us to get back 
to consistent growth and more importantly profitable growth for the 
organization, and evolve our EBITDA margins on a consistent basis over the 
last 10 to 12 quarters. 
 
On the complex generic front, we were the first Indian company to launch a 
DPI in the US We were very proud with Spiriva® to be able to get that approval 
in 2023 and launch it as a sole generic. We are still the only generic in the 
marketplace. It took us long, 5 years from filing to get FDA approval but it's 
enabled us to build Respiratory as a major vertical for our business in the US 
When I look at our MDI and DPI business in the US, right now it's one-third of 
our US portfolio from a revenue’s perspective. So a material contributor to 
our business in the US as well as globally and also differentiates us as an 
organization.  
In India, we have expanded our position with 11 new divisions, a field force 
up from, it was 5,000, I think, 5 years ago, to 10,000 plus at this point, so 
significant expansion that has enabled us to grow above the market growth 
rate in the country. 
 
If you look at our chronic share in India, so again, we are very proud of this 
accomplishment. Five years ago, the picture looked very different. Our 
chronic share was sub 60% Today, it's 64% chronic, so more sustainable, more 
profitable business. When we compare ourselves with our peers, we are 
actually one of the best mix of chronic versus acute as an organization in India. 
We have continued to focus on commercial excellence in areas that we felt 
needed dedicated focus, like the trade generics business that we recently 
spun out into a wholly-owned subsidiary, with the idea of really focusing hard 
on driving that business given the growth of the trade generics business in 
India, and Lupin Manufacturing Solutions, which again as I mentioned in the 
previous slide, on the API front, allows us to leverage our capabilities on the 
API R&D and manufacturing to build a CDMO business. 
 
We have also had strategic acquisitions over the last 5 years. Xopenex® in the 
US enabled us to get into the brand side of the business. When Sunovion was 
looking to get out of the market, we thought it was a strategic opportunity for 
us to have a foot into the brand business on the respiratory front in particular. 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
The product has grown since we acquired with very limited promotion efforts, 
so we are looking at how we can build further on this start. Medisol in France 
that enabled us to get into, we didn't have a presence in France until we 
acquired Medisol, which gave us a very nice injectables portfolio that enables 
us to build our internal pipeline on top of this to build a business in France. 
And Southern Cross in Australia that allowed us to almost double our 
business, has been a significant contributor to growth in the Australian 
market and has enabled us to get to that position of 4th largest generic in the 
Australian market. 
 
If you look at the material product launches over the last 5 years, Suprep® 
from Somerset, Albuterol from India, Spiriva® that I just mentioned, our first 
dry powder inhaler in the US, Mirabegron, material contributor in the last 
fiscal year and continues to be this fiscal year as well. In India, we were very 
pleased to launch differentiated products like Difizma and Vilfuro, unique 
novel respiratory products that enable us to differentiate our product offering 
with the pulmonologist. In Europe, Luforbec® which is a Fostair® generic has 
enabled us to really double our business in Europe, so significant contributor 
to growing our business in Europe that has done extremely well over the last 
3 to 5 years. And NaMuscla®, our first orphan drug, our first brand in Europe 
has grown very nicely over the last 5 years as well. We are actually in the 
process of the second indication. We started with the NDM indication which 
is smaller indication. DM indication is much larger. We are going through a 
phase 3 study at present for the DM indication in Europe as well as the US 
that will enable us to maximize this brand globally. And lastly, Etanercept, 
which has been a material contributor to our business in Europe as well as 
other parts of the world, Japan, Southeast Asia, Latin America. We are very 
pleased with how things are evolving in the US and will determine how we 
commercialize this product in the US in the years ahead. 2029 is when the 
patent goes off in the US 
 
If you look at the impact on the financials, we have improved our gross 
margins from 64 %, 5 years ago to 69 %. Look at our EBITDA margins, gone 
from 16% to 24%. We are a zero-debt company at this point, have strong cash 
flows and have considerably improved our ROCE from the 10 % level to 20 %. 
So very pleased with the financial results of all of the efforts over the last 
many years. 
 
On the compliance front, we have made material strides, getting 3 of our 
sites, Pithampur, Goa, Somerset out of warning letters to a VAI status. I am 
confident if the FDA was to visit the 2 pending sites, Mandideep as well as 
Tarapur, our sites are ready to receive them. But we don't have any pending 
products from the sites, so they don't have any hurry to come in and inspect 
these sites. But I am confident in the near future we will get those sites 
cleared as well. The last couple of years, it's not been quiet. We have had 
multiple inspections across all of our different facilities and we have sailed 
through each of them.  
 
So looking forward to continuing that strong trajectory going forward. You 
can see the impact of all of these efforts over the last 5 years. I just mentioned 
the financial results but as you can see from the chart, the last 3 years has 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
been a really strong trajectory for us and has also reflected in the shareholder 
value that has built over the last few years. 
 
So for fiscal year ‘25, you have already seen the numbers, so I am not going 
to reiterate them. It's been a stellar year from a revenue growth standpoint, 
from a margin growth standpoint, from a net income standpoint. But we are 
very pleased that all our markets, all our regions, grew this past year. And the 
majority of them grew double-digit. If you look at India, it grew at 14%. North 
America grew at 16%. US per se grew at 17%. EMEA grew 22%, so a stellar 
year in EMEA. APAC grew 5%. LATAM grew 10% after a Mexico facility came 
back up last year. It's now back to the pre-closure levels. So very pleased with 
the growth there as well. The Rest Of World, along with our GIB business, the 
tuberculosis TB tender business grew 11%, and our API business grew 3%. So 
a stellar year for us as an organization.  
 
So I want to switch from there to a couple of the trends in our industry. As we 
are looking at the industry, certainly a lot happening in the US but also 
multiple other trends that pose both challenges as well as opportunities for 
us as an organization. If I look at the geopolitical situation, a lot of things 
happening around the globe that really put India in a very strong position, in 
particular as countries and regions are de-risking from China. The US in 
particular is very focused on de-risking from China, and India I think is very 
well positioned to leverage that opportunity on multiple fronts. Tariffs are 
certainly going to shape the trade relationships between countries. The US is 
every day, every week in the news about tariffs on China, tariffs on other 
countries, tariffs on India. We are hopeful that, based on the bilateral trade 
negotiation between India and the US, the importance of Indian pharma 
sector in the US, given 50% of the prescriptions in the US come from India, 
that we are going to be able to convince the stakeholders to have either zero 
tariff or limited tariff on drugs from India. Certainly there's been a statement 
from the Trump administration on that front in the last couple of weeks that 
sounded promising, so fingers crossed on that front. There's a paradigm shift 
in the US healthcare industry with all of the changes the new administration 
has made, a number of areas that are impacted so far. Many healthcare 
programmes have been impacted. A lot of research funding has been 
impacted in the US DOGE has made material cuts across multiple areas. FDA 
has lost 20,000 people. Thankfully the reviewers are still there. I mean, they 
cut a lot of the policy folks but not the review branch that actively reviews 
and approves products. The Inflation Reduction Act, you know, the 
government is actively reviewing the pill penalty on IRA. As a number of you 
might know, the IRA allowed HHS to negotiate drug pricing for biologics 13 
years after the product is approved, while on small molecules it's 9 years after 
product is approved, which was considered really a discrimination against 
small molecules. And that is under active review at this point, so we expect 
that it could land in the same place as biologics. You have heard in the last 
couple of days, MFN, you know, the executive order from the Trump 
administration linking the pricing in the US to Most Favored Nation pricing 
across Developed Markets in particular. We are going to see how this evolves. 
I think a lot of analysts are saying this is more bark than bite. At this point, you 
know, a number of big pharma companies have made commitments to invest 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
in the US and very likely will renegotiate or backtrack those commitments if 
the government is going to peg pricing to overseas markets. We know that 
the US market actually funds for majority of the innovation in our industry, so 
really reducing pricing in the US is going to have a significant impact on the 
innovation front in the pharmaceutical industry. There's growing talk about 
onshoring manufacturing in the US As I mentioned, this is likely going to be 
very closely linked with what the administration does on the MFN front, also 
very closely linked to what happens on tariffs, if there are material tariffs in 
place and there's an economic incentive to manufacture locally that makes 
products more viable. Certainly there will be an opportunity to expand 
manufacturing in the US.  
 
Switching to India, the pharma industry in India is poised to grow, double in 
the next 5 years, and this is not just in India, but also exports from India 
outside of the country. So it's expectation of the revenues of the entire 
industry out of India is expected to double over the next 5 years. This would 
be fuelled a good part by the growth in the middle class, you know, that's 
expected to be 170 million people by 2030 and also very pleased that the 
government is now supporting ‘Develop in India’ in the new R&D scheme, the 
research scheme, incentive scheme that the government has talked about 
putting in place. Just like the production link scheme, PLI scheme, that has 
really benefited the industry in the last 5 years, we expect that this will 
certainly encourage more innovation in India and was much needed for the 
country. The India opportunities pivoting from pharma alone to overall 
healthcare, we talked a little bit about this in our context and patient-centric 
adjacencies like diagnostics, digital health, consumer health is gaining 
momentum. So the full solution for patients and physicians is gaining 
momentum in India.  
 
On the generic side of the business for the Developed Markets, there certainly 
is a move towards complex generics, as well as specialty. We see multiple 
companies moving in that direction, both on the complex generic front as well 
as the 505(b)(2), as well as innovation front., On the complex generics front, 
we have executed in multiple areas, inhalation in particular, but also on the 
specialty, 505(b)(2) front we have active portfolio together, pipeline together 
of both transformative opportunities as well as incremental innovation that 
will help us differentiate our portfolio in countries like the US as well as Other 
Developed Markets.  
 
We have seen over the last couple of years’ blockbuster drug classes emerge 
like the GLP-1s, diabetes, obesity class that is set to grow to USD 100 billion 
over the next 5 years. So certainly a material opportunity that has emerged in 
the marketplace. And as some of these products go off patent, like 
Semaglutide in particular goes off patent in March of next year in a handful 
of countries, it will open the market for further expansion on this class of 
drugs. Likewise, there's also an emergence on the biologics front. In India in 
particular, we are seeing emergence of biologics in particular in areas like 
immunology and oncology that is set to grow very nicely. 
 
Lastly, the rising impact of AI across industries and in pharma as well. On the 
brand side of the industry, there's certainly a very strong focus on drug 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
development front through AI, delivering efficiency, from a timing as well as 
cost perspective. On the generic side of the business as well, there are 
multiple areas where we have potential gains here, from an efficiency 
standpoint, commercial execution standpoint, operation standpoint, cost 
optimization as well as quality perspective - that our industry is going to 
leverage. So a lot going on across the globe in our industry.  
 
So that brings me to our strategic areas of focus as an organization, looking at 
all of these trends, the areas that we have prioritized for our organization. 
Number one is to sustain our growth in our 2 major regions, India as well as 
the US. And based on the portfolio we have, based on the investments that 
we plan to make, we are confident of continuing to grow in both regions in 
the foreseeable future. 
 
Second is expanding our inhalation business. We have established a very 
strong position on the respiratory front. Today, if I look at our global turnover, 
25% or so is on the respiratory side. We were always very strong in India, but 
over the last 5 years we have built a significant presence in the US, Europe 
and emerging in other parts of the world like Canada, Australia on the 
respiratory front. So we continue to build on this pillar, as well as innovate. I 
mean, there is a material move in particular in countries like Europe to move 
towards green propellants on the metered-dose inhalers and we believe we 
are at the forefront with this. Our R&D teams, our manufacturing teams have 
looked at our evolution from a pipeline perspective on the green propellant 
side, both for India as well as developed markets like US, Europe and other 
parts of the world. 
 
Third, delivering on our new product launches “on time and on budget” is a 
major part of our focus. It's been a substantial success for us over the last 3 
years. Our team has come a long way in ensuring that the products that we 
target, we deliver them in time. And that's how you've seen products like 
Mirabegron, products like Tolvaptan, products like Spiriva® come to market 
in time and there's a very strong focus in the organization to deliver our new 
product launches. 
 
Number four is establishing a Speciality business. I mean, a number of you 
know, we have had a legacy speciality business in the US. We actually started 
the US business on the speciality front, on the paediatrics side. Then over the 
years, we went into the women's health side of the business, which we had 
some success with and got out when we saw challenges  3-4 years ago, when 
we went through the downturn. We are refocusing our efforts on building the 
speciality side of the business, both with acquisitions as well as internal 
pipeline, especially the 505(b)(2) pipeline that we are developing in-house. 
 
Fifth is establishing injectables and biosimilars as a growth driver for the 
future. I mean, we have capabilities across both in R&D and manufacturing, 
as you know. And this year in particular, we're going to see a material 
inflection on the injectables front with products like Glucagon, products like 
Liraglutide, Risperdal Consta® from Nanomi coming to market. And with the 
emerging biologics opportunities with the FDA regulations easing up, as well 
as the private label business emerging in the US, we expect biosimilars to be 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
a material growth driver going forward. Of course, as barriers reduce, the 
competition tends to increase. So we are very selective with our portfolio 
here to ensure that we are either in the first wave or we are one of a few 
players that will enable us to get a solid return on our investment with 
biologics, as well as grow the business on a sustainable basis. 
 
Sixth is establishing a novel product pipeline. I mentioned the 505(b)(2) 
pipeline that we are developing internally on our long-acting injectable 
platform, on our respiratory platform, some oral solids as well, that will help 
us build both our speciality business and in some cases also help us build a 
hospital business in the US in particular. Then building scale across other 
developed generic markets. So we believe that the platforms that we have in 
place and the pipeline that we have in place whether it's on the respiratory 
front, biologics front, or the injectables front, has tremendous opportunities 
outside of the US, in particular in Europe, Canada, as well as Australia-like 
countries and there's a tremendous opportunity for us to gain operating 
leverage from these platforms across the global generics market, especially in 
the Developed Markets. So very focused on growing our European business 
and Other Developed Markets at a faster pace through these strengths that 
we have established. 
 
And lastly, I'd say that continued focus on the cost position across our 
network. The bulk of our business is still generics, and cost optimization has 
to be a consistent effort to drive profitability on the generic side of the 
business. There's still tremendous opportunities. As much as we have gained 
a lot of efficiencies over the last 5 years, there's still a lot of opportunities that 
we have on the operational front, on the supply chain front, on the quality 
front, to be able to continue to improve our cost position as an organization. 
 
All of this is enabled by, number one, our focus in quality and compliance. We 
have an aspiration to be best in class in compliance. We were best in class 10 
years ago, and there's no reason why we can't get to this goal in the next few 
years. We are exploring areas that we can leverage digital and AI to get more 
efficient, to get more creative as an organization. It's a big lever that is yet to 
unfold, yet to really conclude what areas make sense for us to double down. 
But we have embarked on 5 or 6 material areas where we believe we can 
make a material difference through AI as well as digital. And last and most 
importantly is our people’s strategy. I mean, all of what you have seen so far 
has been delivered by a very strong, committed team, and we continue to 
work on our team both developing our people internally as well as bringing in 
capabilities from the outside to compliment and drive growth going forward 
along with our internal team. So very strong areas of growth that we have 
identified for ourselves. We're very focused on each of these areas and are 
confident that we will continue to grow our business on a consistent basis in 
the years to come ahead. 
 
So with that, I will hand it over to Nilesh to walk us through a deeper review 
of the business. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Thank you, Vinita. First of all, thank you for coming today. We used to always 
love doing this investor meet in person and COVID derailed it and then we did 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
it in 2022. Then we didn't do it for a couple of years after. We certainly hope 
to do this regularly. We just think it's a wonderful opportunity to engage with 
you today. Vinita talked about people. I will just quickly introduce some of our 
people. Ranjana, our Head of Quality. Rakesh, our CIO. Christoph, our Head 
of Tech Ops. Rajiv, our head of India region. Yash, our HR head. Moving to the 
next table, Tommaso,  Vinita's Chief of Staff. Saurabh, from our India region, 
the power behind Rajiv. Sumita, Head of Business Development for India. 
Mohan, in charge of taxes. Amit, our Company Secretary. Robin, our finance 
team. Suresh, from our finance group. And then last of all, Ravi. I'm missing 
out a few in the back but I think this is an opportunity for you to see some of 
the power behind Lupin as well.  
So on the business side, I think the biggest change which has happened is the 
US business, where we were in this slump and then we have grown the US 
from a net sales perspective back up to the USD 900-plus million, USD 925 
million, year-on-year growth of 13%. That is obviously one of the biggest 
moves that we have had in the Lupin numbers. As you know, we have been 
number three in the US in terms of generic market share, 4.9% market share. 
We're very proud of the position that we have and especially at times like 
today when India's role is being questioned, when tariffs are coming in 
question, I think a very important lever in this all is the market share that we 
have. We are very proud of the market share that we have in the US And you 
have seen this before, but in terms of the number of products, about 138 
products in the market, 105 of them were in the top three, 45 were number 
one. We have more than a hundred products pending in the pipeline, 
addressing a market size of close to USD 150 billion. And you know the recent 
NPLs, Mirabegron, Spiriva®, Pred Forte®, and of course earlier this week, 
Tolvaptan. So obviously on a very, very good trot from a launch perspective. 
As Vinita mentioned, the focus is on cost efficiency and optimization. And 
then obviously we want to build on that base business that we have of 
specialty. We have Xopenex® and NaMuscla® that we have but you know, this 
was legacy for us. We started with Suprep® in the US So we certainly want to 
build out that specialty. But if you really see what that's done, I mean, if you 
look at the journey in the last five years, , USD 800 million went to USD 720 
million, USD 738 million, USD 632 million. I mean, that obviously was a very 
disruptive time for Lupin's P&L. And if you see the last three years, you see 
that consistent 21% growth in the business. We're very proud of the way that 
we have turned this around. And obviously our collective goal is to sustain this 
growth that we have had and build on this business. Obviously, that's come 
from the move to complex generics. So if you see in FY25, complex generics 
is about 30% of our revenues. If you look at the next five years, that complex 
generics will move to 49% of revenues. And then obviously the key growth 
drivers for the generics business remains NPLs, more than 100 plus NPLs. And 
65% of revenues that we will get will come from complex generics. Over 60 
filings in the next five years, focused highly on First to File, on Para 4 products. 
And then clearly in the US, the key imperative would, other than the move 
getting deeper into complex generics, would be to build on specialty, both 
through our own portfolio but through acquisitions and alliances as well. 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
On our second key market, India, we're ranked number eight. We're not 
happy at all with this rank. I think we have to be in the top five but currently 
number eight. Good growth rate in the last 10 years, 12%, 1.2 times the 
market growth rate, 3.4% market share, our key therapy areas, as you know, 
are Diabetes, Cardiovascular and Respiratory. GI is actually the fourth largest 
therapy area for us. Doing well in Diabetes and Cardio. Respiratory has been 
extremely sluggish in the last two years. I think this will be the year that it will 
bounce back as well. GI, again, growing very strong, double digit. Vinita 
mentioned the sales force size, but total more than 10,000 people across the 
sales team.  
Clearly, our focus is on building the innovation pipeline for India and part of 
that is going to come from very strong in-licensing as well. So if you see the 
India business and just double-clicking on that a little bit, if you split it 
between the IL, the in-license and the non-IL, you will see that the in-license 
portfolio actually helped us grow in the past., Even in 2021-22, you see the 
growth coming from the darker green bar, which is in-license portfolio. The 
last three years, that portfolio has been challenged. De-growth in FY23 of 13% 
in that portfolio, minus 1% and minus 12% in FY24 & FY25 respectively and 
despite that minus 12% growth, we have grown at 8.4%, versus the market 
growth of 8% in FY25. The loss of exclusivity, the erosion on the in-license part 
has largely played out and therefore from FY26, we see getting back on the 
double-digit growth across the portfolio and continuing double-digit growth 
going forward.  
The focus, as Vinita mentioned, is on chronic. If you look at the current 
portfolio, 64% of sales come from chronic. If you see by FY30, it'll actually 
move to 70%, 69% - 70%. So we actually will get even deeper onto the chronic 
side. Number two in Respiratory, number three in Diabetes, number three in 
Cardiac as well. The growth going forward, first of all, the aspiration is to grow 
at 1.2 to 1.3 times the market. Part of that is it's going to come from enhanced 
reach, over 2,000 representatives to be added in the next four, five years. 
Basically programmatically, we want to add the 400-500 representatives 
every year. A scientific approach, when we're reaching out to doctors and the 
community including the patients that we would work with as well.  
NPLs, new product launches, is going to be a key growth driver, over 80 
products in our portfolio for the next five years. Focus will remain on chronic 
therapy areas. Obviously, as a large cardiac and diabetes player, GLP-1s is 
going to be an important part of that play. But also beyond that, getting 
deeper into GI, building that as the fourth large therapy area for us, getting 
into oncology, we are there but we are fledgling in our presence. So oncology, 
CNS, Vitamins, scaling up in these areas as well, as the next three areas that 
will come into our India region. Obviously, partnering as the market is 
changing with e-commerce, with organized retail, with the institutional 
business as well. We have evolved organization structure to meet with that. . 
Before that, the extra urban. This is a part of the market that we feel is very 
exciting. I think really going into tier two, tier three, we started with the pilot. 
The pilot was successful. We are now scaling up, and that's where the major 
addition in sales force is happening this year. Obviously, we would look at 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
opportunities in India. There are few and far between but we want to be 
there. We have acquired a few, but not of scale. I think that is certainly an 
organization priority and then moving closer to physicians, closer to patients 
through our adjacencies as well.  
Other Developed Markets, I think Europe is, you know, we have always talked 
about the fact that we built India and the US and in that neglected Europe, 
we are certainly focused on Europe at this point of time. It's grown to a 
reasonable scale, USD 195 million in the last fiscal, 14% growth rate in the last 
five years. Obviously, products like NaMuscla®, the respiratory portfolio is 
driving the business in the Europe including Etanercept Biosimilar. We are in 
a few regions and the others are through Pan-European partnerships. So nice 
reach across Europe but to be scaled.  
If you look at the next five years, 50 plus NPLs in Europe, 55% of revenues will 
actually come from complex generics and obviously expand into other 
markets with our own onshore presence within Europe. 
Canada, again, a nice little business, USD 47 million sales, FY25, 18% CAGR for 
the last five years and 60% of the business coming from specialty. And if you 
look again, going forward, complex generics will drive that portfolio, a lot of 
it led by inhalation.  
And lastly, on the Other Developed Markets, Australia, USD 78 million sales. 
We're ranked number four in the Australian generic market, 20% CAGR in the 
last five years, growth led by both our own business but our partnered 
business within Australia as well. The focus is on new product launches there, 
including biosimilars and we're expanding into the New Zealand market as 
well.  
To the next bucket, Other Emerging Markets, South Africa, USD 83 million, 
number one rank in cardiovascular, the eight largest generic company in 
South Africa. Focus again, remains new product launches. There as a large 
cardiac player to move into GLP-1s as well, participating in ARV tenders as 
well.  
Philippines, close to USD 40 million in sales. We are number two ranked in our 
reference market in that, again, a very wide portfolio of products. You'll see 
GLP-1s everywhere but 50-plus launches including biosimilars planned for the 
Philippines.  
Mexico, about USD 50 million. Net sales, we are number three, ranked as an 
ophthalmic player. 70% of our revenues come from ophthalmics and more 
than 20 products lined up for launch including NaMuscla®.  
Brazil, USD 42 million, number three rank in their reference market. 40% of 
our portfolio in Brazil is OTC. We're looking at point-of-sales expansion and 
we are looking at new product launches across multiple therapy areas in 
Brazil. 
 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
Lastly, our GIB business actually had one of the best CAGR’s across our 
businesses, 20% in the last five years. Growth obviously led by scaling up TB, 
including prevention of tuberculosis with products like Rifapentine and 
building out the HIV portfolio as well.  
So the adjacencies, really quickly, we don't talk that much about those.  
On Lupin Diagnostics, 44% year-on-year revenue growth. We have been 
amongst our peers fastest to get to INR 100 crores. All our labs are approved 
by NABL, and that was a key part because we want to be a trusted partner on 
the diagnostic side. That is our differentiation in this area. The target is to be 
EBITDA positive in FY27. Pretty good reach across most cities. We're not in 
North India. Other than that, we're actually across most geographies in India.  
Lupin Life is our OTC business, INR 150 crores, big plans to grow. The 
aspiration is to well more than double this in the next three to four years. A 
lot of reach being expanded at this point of time. We have two anchor 
products. There are two more products that we're launching as well. So small 
business today but certainly another anchor to growth in India.  
Our digital health, we have talked about this a little bit but this has been a 
challenging part of the business for us because you're actually changing 
physician and patient behaviour. So it's been slow. I think it's getting to that 
inflection point at this point. The goal there is to be the partner of choice for 
post-discharge care of cardiac patients. We have our first product. There's a 
follow-on product. The focus here is connected devices, AI-powered apps, 
experienced healthcare professionals backing it up. If somebody has a cardiac 
event, we want to be the partner of choice post-discharge.  
Lupin Life Sciences is our trade generics business. We launched this last year, 
obviously building on the equity of the Lupin brand and quality products from 
Lupin. The focus is primarily on tier two and tier three towns and areas where 
we're currently under-prescribed and we are building a lot of on-the-ground 
presence with more than 400 people in that field force, which is different 
from the model which many other people do it. The idea there is really to 
emerge as a strong player in this space.  
And the last of the adjacencies, Lupin Manufacturing Solutions, our CDMO 
business. We have a full Global team,  all the structures in place. I think we 
have taken a lot of effort to put the team together in the course of the last 
year. We have this legacy of developing complex products including 
fermentation products. And we have large-scale manufacturing from a CGMP 
perspective as well. And we have an R&D center in Pune. That really positions 
us to be able to work on innovation pipeline but also to carve out our own 
differentiation within the space. And part of that is going to be in areas like 
peptides or in ADCs.   
On the R&D and the portfolio, it's been over 20 years. And we started with 
the First to Files. Right now, we're pursuing 30-plus First to Files, as I 
mentioned. Then we moved into inhalation. We really have that franchise 
across the inhalation space. So MDIs, DPIs, SMIs even. So obviously getting 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
deep into inhalation across the US, India, across Europe as well, to expand to 
other geographies as well.  
Building that presence next on injectables, on the complex injectables in 
particular, depo injections, peptides, liposomal products as well. We will talk 
a little bit more of our pipeline in the next few slides. Biosimilars, where we 
built a nice commercial presence ex-US but the intention of course is to be 
meaningful in the US on that as well. And what we have is absolutely world-
class R&D and manufacturing capabilities and the ability to do a pretty wide 
array of products. 
And the last on the product development and capability building is obviously 
Specialty. Building out the 505(B)(2), building out the value-added medicines, 
whether it's long-acting injectables, oral solids, IUDs implants, green 
propellants as well. So you see a wide array of capabilities that we’ve built 
over the years. And what it's really done is deliver on the business. So if you 
see the US, FY20 complex generics was 2% of the business, grew to 34% in 
FY25. And if you see again the next five years, will grow to 55% of the business 
in the US. In Europe, ,  9% was the composition of complex platforms in FY20, 
55% at this point of time and growing to two-thirds of the business by FY30. I 
won't talk through the entire portfolio that has driven this but obviously we 
have had some nice launches. We had Etanercept. We obviously had 
Albuterol in the US in 2020. Luforbec® that we launched in Europe became a 
big anchor product. Then obviously came products like Tiotropium and there's 
a whole slew of products, especially on the inhalation side, which have helped 
deliver this.  
If you look at the upcoming launches and we were cognizant that we have 
obviously had a good last year. We have a good FY26 as well. What's 
happening in FY27? It's actually a good portfolio coming in FY27 as well. Three 
products that we intend to launch on the inhalation side, a couple of products 
on the injectable side, biosimilars, two products that will come to market and 
a couple of important oral solids that will come out as well and our first 
specialty product in FY27. Before that in FY26, you see injectables picking up. 
You see Glucagon, you see Liraglutide, you see Risperidone long-acting, that 
we hope to launch this year. Etanercept in Australia, obviously Tolvaptan, 
which we have launched and another oral solution, that we will launch, which 
will be a key product as well. This is on the back of good number of products 
in the market. So again, , in inhalation, 12 products in the market across 
geographies, injectable, over 10 products, biosimilars, obviously Etanercept 
only at this point of time and the oral solids, obviously well over 300 products 
over time. And you see the products in the pipeline, and inhalation, that's 
where we are all in, 30 products in the pipeline. Injectable, another 30 
products that are in that pipeline as well. Biosimilars, we have over 10 
products in the pipeline. And obviously all the other dosage forms kind of adds 
up in the number as well.  
If you look further, if you look at FY28, you see more of that inhalation, you 
see injectables, you see the biosimilars coming to market as well. And in FY29, 
you see a whole slew of inhalation products that will come to market and 
that's I think, when we will get steady on the injectable side as well. So we 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
can talk more about this but if you see the pie chart at the bottom, I think 
those are the revenues of new product launches that will come from Complex 
Generics. So if you see FY26, obviously products like Tolvaptan are 
contributing significantly to the new product revenues. But FY27, you see a 
very large portion, 55% coming from Complex Generics. Similar in FY28, 54%, 
even higher. FY29, 61% coming from Complex Generics and even higher 
thereafter with 62% revenues coming from Complex Generics in FY30.  
Quickly on quality, you know, we have color-coded this a little differently 
because we wanted to add the biotech facility which is pending. Like we said, 
we have got two sites which have been in a non-satisfactory state of 
compliance. Obviously biotech, we're pending approval from the US as well. 
So we have put that into the list. Other than that, obviously the rest of the 
facilities have been inspected regularly and have good standing. As you would 
see over the years, I think FY20 was obviously the worst where we had five 
sites which were not in a satisfactory state of compliance. Now down to two. 
We have had a bunch of inspections.  EIR’s from about five sites that have 
been received in the last year. Our goal is, one, to be best in class. Two, to 
target all sites to be  ready at any point of time for an inspection. We're 
looking at really the supply chain. So it's not just us. What happens before us 
with KSM’s or API’s that we would buy? So that's part of the ensuring quality. 
And the other part is on training. Can we really use training as a differentiator? 
Focusing a lot more on training than what we did in the past.  
And lastly, you know, we talked about Christoph. We have set this Global Tech 
Ops function. Very good results over the last few years on this. If you look at 
from a customer focus perspective, our OTIF levels are at 100%.. Even for 
India, 98%. Lowest ever backorder, lowest ever FTS. And our focus is on de-
risking. Whether it's from China or whether it's other single source entities, 
we are working to build agility into the system so that our lead times just keep 
getting better and better. That's our focus. I think there's a lot more that we 
would want to do on that customer focus path.  
On the cost leadership, we have talked in the past. USD 50 million were 
delivered last year through AVDs, through freight optimization, yield 
improvement and the like. We're optimizing our global footprint. Our air 
ocean ratio is down to an all-time low. Basically, it's only new product 
launches that we would send by air. Everything else pretty much goes by 
ocean. Again, the supply chain is really, really working, including our 
manufacturing, procurement and the like. And the next anchor on this is 
technology leadership, whether it is AI or digital transformation. We have 
Kinaxis, which enables the entire organization globally. We have several of 
our sites which are fully paperless. And on the backbone of that, you can 
imagine what you can do with AI today. And now we're investing a lot more 
into automation and the like, continuous flow reactors. We started with one 
or two use cases. Now there's three or four cases that we are considering. 
Robotics that we're introducing into some of our plants as well. So very 
exciting time from a manufacturing perspective.  
I will hand over to Ramesh now.  

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
Thank you, Nilesh. So friends, we are meeting after a gap of nearly three 
years. Obviously, this used to be an annual event. And we were very happy to 
meet everybody. But unfortunately, COVID actually put rest to that for some 
time. But glad to be back in action in that sense. But it's not as though we 
have not been in touch. We obviously have been in touch, in continuous touch 
for that matter. We still continue with our roadshows. We meet with all of 
you on a one-on-one basis or in groups or in the various broking houses that 
conduct their meets.. So in that sense, we certainly have been in touch. Vinita 
and Nilesh, of course, focused a lot on FY25 and took you through the 
strategies that we have for the future. And of course, give you a glimpse of 
what we intend doing over the next five years and how we are going to 
achieve our goals. But I'm just going to focus on, in fact, the current year, what 
have we done in this particular quarter. The momentum for the current 
quarter was, of course, set a few quarters ago. So the last seven to eight 
quarters have been a period of continuous growth. And that's reflected in the 
numbers that you see out here as well. 
This quarter, again, it is great growth across various markets. The good thing 
about  Lupin is the fact that it's been secular growth across all markets. And 
this has come about the kind of products that we have introduced, which, of 
course, you'll see in the next couple of slides.  
Equally, there has been good performance across all markets. And of course, 
a lot of focus across various lines. Nilesh and Vinita spoke about various 
initiatives that we have taken and all of those have borne fruit.  
Talking about, in fact, this particular quarter, US, of course, we had 
Mirabegron. We also had other products, like Prednisolone, Rivaroxaban and 
of course, the inline products of Albuterol, Spiriva®, which delivered. If you 
talk about the advanced markets in Europe, U.K., Luforbec® continues to do 
pretty well and of course totalling up pretty good growth.  
India, this particular quarter, it was seemingly lacklustre but the fact of the 
matter is we lost exclusivity on a couple of products when it came to diabetes. 
And of course the respiratory portfolio, the overall market itself has not 
performed too well. But clearly, if you compare year on year, we have done 
pretty well there as well. API, of course, the full year, we have done extremely 
well. The GIB business in API, of course, has done extremely well as well but 
it's a cyclical business in a general sense.  
The most important story is really on the EBITDA and the last several quarters, 
we have seen continuous growth. This particular quarter, we ended up at 
23.2%, but this is after taking into account a couple of things. The first is, 
essentially, you would see a INR 100 crore increase when it comes to the R&D 
expenditure and there has been a decline in terms of PLI that we  claimed for 
this quarter, which is about INR 50 odd crores. So if you would adjust for these 
two, the actual EBITDA margin would have been close to about 26%. And the 
other thing that you should certainly take into account is the fact that some 
of our adjacencies that we started in recent times are still making a loss. 
Obviously, it's a question of time before they also evolve and grow in size in 
critical mass and of course, contribute to the overall profits. If you were to 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
take that into account, that would actually be good another 3.7 % points. So 
clearly, the EBITDA margins are in line with, in fact, the rest of the 
competition, the peer group and we have caught on pretty well.  
For the full year, of course, done extremely well. Last year's margins were 
close to about 19%. Full year FY25, we are moving it at 23.7%. Clearly, the 
momentum has been maintained and more to come, as Vinita and Nilesh 
were saying. Clearly, we learn from history and whilst we have come a long 
way, it's also equally important to see the magnitude of change. Lupin peaked 
way back in 2017-18, when we had products like Fortamet® and Glumetza®, 
that was a time when the entire industry was also doing pretty well. Lupin is, 
of course, at its peak. Our market cap was close to about USD 13.5 billion, but 
since then, a lot of water has flown and you would recognize that the entire 
structure of the industry changed quite a bit. First, we had the enactment of 
GDUFA, which changed in lots of ways the industry because there were faster 
approvals. Second is of course, the channel consolidation which happened in 
America which of course set us back because it was stacked against the 
manufacturers. Then of course COVID which struck. We also had our own 
systemic problems in terms of our five of our facilities were under OAI status 
and because of that, we were not getting approvals. So whilst we had a 
pipeline of close to about 109 molecules, we unfortunately were not getting 
the approvals to launch them and to that extent, the top line was not moving. 
The actual movement started in 2021 when we got our approvals for 
Albuterol and since then, the mojo was back. In 2022, we actually brought in 
a couple of other products also Posaconazole was one of the products. Then 
of course Brovana®. Brovana® is what we launched in 2022. In 2023, we had 
products like Xopenex® which came in. We also had Suprep®. In 2024, we had 
Spiriva® and before that, we had Darunavir and this year of course we have 
Mirabegron. All of this has brought in a tremendous change when it comes in 
fact to the top line. But more importantly, what it did was also increasing the 
gross margins. The quality of the products, it went up over time. Whilst we 
bottomed at around 58.3, this is the time when we were actually plagued by 
failure to supply, penalties because of that and of course, returns in America 
because of Nitrosamine products. All of this was something that we addressed 
with the team that's out here. And since then, the margins have crept up.  
The gross margins are now moving up. In 2024, we saw it at 66%. And this 
year, we closed at 69.2%, big increase over the last several quarters. Whilst 
we focused on, in fact, the mojo on the top line, bringing in good products, 
we didn't lose sight of, the various lines across the entire P&L. And as the 
leaders were saying, there's a lot of work done on every line of the P&L. We 
looked at the gross margins, in terms of alternate vendor development, 
routes to synthesis, productivity across various lines in terms of R&D, in terms 
of manufacturing, in terms of our sales force. All of this actually resulted in 
fact the expenses that we brought in line. We also undertook a mission to 
actually bring down cost by close to about, INR 750 to INR 1,000 crores. Nilesh 
just mentioned the fact that there has been good success in that and we saw 
the numbers as well. And you could actually see, while in FY20, other 
operating expenses was about 30.4% and FY21 was the period when you had 
COVID and there was a reduction in terms of sales and promotion expenses. 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
But since then, a lot of the measures that we took have brought these lines 
back to less than 30%, something that we committed to the investing 
community some time ago.  
A lot of emphasis on moving to more complex products and though of course 
the R&D spends have been increasing as a percentage of sales, it has actually 
been kept constant around, about 8%. Though of course, you might actually 
see an absolute numbers and as a percentage of sales going up over the next 
few years. As a result of all of this, obviously, the EBITDA margins have grown 
continuously.  
The analyst community would talk to us and talk about the fact that our 
margins were less than their peers but we have addressed that. And as I was 
just telling you, we were at 23.8%, thanks to all of this. And if I were to knock 
out the impact of, in fact, the adjacencies and one times and the like, 
obviously, things would be much more.  
Capital expenditure has been contained. We addressed the footprint and still 
addressing that as well. A lot of the capital expenditure has already been 
done, not too much actually happening out there. From that perspective, we 
also find the free cash flows increasing. There's been a lot of focus on 
operating working capital. You know, some time ago, we were the darling of 
the crowd when we had working capital of less than about 96-97 days. It went 
up over a time because, we lost sight of that for a period of time. We have 
addressed this issue and the focus has brought us back to pretty good 
operating working capital. The operating working capital today is amongst the 
best in the industry at just about 110. And obviously, all of this is also in much 
larger free cash flows. We are talking about a figure of about INR 1,330 crores 
this particular year after taking into account all the amounts that we 
expended in terms of capital expenditure, the increase in working capital and 
also in terms of investments for the M&A that we have done. You would be 
happy to know that we are now a cash surplus company.  
The overall net debt of the company is virtually zero. The ability to actually 
raise monies and go for acquisitions is far superior right now. All of this is, 
resulted in much higher ROCEs, which has been climbing over time. Today, it's 
a good 22%. Still a far cry from what we were about a few years ago. We were 
27% - 28%. And it's a question of time we get to those levels. We would be 
looking at M&A because clearly, that's something which is important from our 
perspective to grow our specialty business. And of course, the growth in India. 
But clearly, there is a lot of focus on ROCE.  
We started our ESG journey quite several years ago but we were not 
articulating that in terms of our annual report. But today, the last three years, 
we've been to be reporting a lot of stuff in the integrated report and you 
would find that we have made pretty good progress out there. In terms of 
various frameworks that are there in existence, we have actually done 
extremely well. On a DJSI score, we have scored a high of about 75, last year, 
which is amongst the top three in the industry. We have got a lot of accolades 
across various frameworks, EcoVadis, in terms of UNGC, in terms of TCFD and 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
all of this is reflected in the various metrics that we keep publishing from time 
to time.  
In terms of our goals itself, the number of goals that we've taken for FY30. 
There's a lot of focus because we are passionate about it. We'd like to actually 
look at a very differentiated way of presenting this and taking this as in terms 
of our responsibilities and done a pretty good job there. Some of these are 
actually mentioned out here. We've done a lot of stuff when it comes to 
climate change with, a 23% reduction till date whilst the goal is about 38%. In 
terms of water, I think we are leading the industry out there. And in recycling, 
about 50% by FY30. Similarly, there are lot of other goals that we have set and 
this is something which is very important especially from a European 
perspective.  
Thank you, friends. And with that, I think we could just move on to the 
question-and-answer session. 
Ravi Agrawal:  
We open the floor for Q&A. We have an online audience as well. I would just 
request that whoever's got questions could just give their name and the name 
of their company. And for the people who have joined online, there's a chat 
box. Would request if you could just put in a question in the chat box and we 
will answer those questions as they come. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
This is Kunal here from CLSA. Thanks for outlining the product pipeline for the 
next five years. That's quite articulate. Just to back that up, like, how do you 
look at say, revenue growth going forward in FY26 and possibly beyond that? 
If you can articulate for both India as well as US business. And on the margin 
side, I don't know, with the share of complex generics increasing by FY30, at 
the same time, you spoke a lot about the cost efficiency levers that you have. 
How should we look at on the margin side, margins play out over the next in 
FY26 and beyond that as well? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
The buoyancy and the top line would contribute tremendously because as 
Nilesh, Vinita were talking about, the pipeline is very strong. Given that mojo, 
we would of course expect that to contribute. And there's, of course, 
tremendous focus on cost itself. So as a combination of that, you would 
expect margins to certainly go up. This year, for example, we have Tolvaptan. 
And there's a host of other products that we've lined up for next several 
quarters. So, the margins would continuously go up.  
And we speak about the adjacencies, they would evolve in terms of growth 
and critical mass itself and start contributing profits. And if that were to be 
brought in, you would certainly expect the margins to creep up. This year, of 
course, we think it will go up by at least about percentage point as in the past. 
And then, it will increase in terms of the way the pipeline evolves. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My second question is on, one of the growth levers that you spoke about was, 
focus on the novel drugs. With the MFN policy now, how should we look at 
that strategy going ahead? The second part is on the tariff side. We do have 
two facilities in the US, and you also in your opening remarks alluded towards, 
if there were enough incentives, you would look at setting up more facilities. 
What kind of flexibility first of all, the 2 facilities offer us in terms of like 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
managing supply chain on some of our key products and if you can talk a little 
bit about, how are we looking at setting up any new facilities if possible? 
Vinita Gupta: 
I think the MFN would definitely impact the brand side of the business much 
more than the generic and the focus under IRA has been on the highest value 
drugs. So, it is really the highest value drugs that will likely get impacted. I 
think that at the end of the day the value of the brand has an impact on the 
opportunity for generic. So, obviously we track it very carefully. We don’t see 
a direct impact on our brand products which are relatively speaking small in 
the scheme of things. I also think that the MFN order would be challenged like 
it was in the last time Trump was in the office. I think you are going to see 
litigation; I think you are going to see Big Pharma fight it pretty hard. If they 
are going to make the tens of billions of dollars of commitment to 
manufacturing in the US, to reshoring in the US they would not accept price 
pegging to ex-US markets. So, I think that there is a lot you know that’s going 
to unfold over the next couple of months here. So, I am not very concerned 
about MFN at this time.  
 
As far as tariffs go and our flexibility what we are willing to do in the US, my 
first hope is that the bilateral trade negotiation is successful. We heard the 
US administration talk about the fact that India is willing to reduce tariffs on 
pharmaceuticals, steel, and automobiles to zero, hopefully that is somewhere 
in the negotiation and means reciprocally also the tariffs into the US should 
be at the same level. Having said that given the flexibility that we have with 
Coral Springs as well as Somerset, if there is a need to manufacture essential 
drugs in the US, we will explore it. We are actively exploring that with the 
National Security Council as part of the White House right now. The 
government has identified 9 drugs that they believe that are essential and we 
go into the dialogue back and forth with them to determine how we can build 
the partnership between India and the US to give them the confidence that 
they will have reliability of supply. 
Our own investments in Coral Springs, we are investing into the Ellipta Line, 
we are investing into the Respimat Line - that was already under way even 
before this administration. So, we are continuing to invest in the respiratory 
franchise. And if there are incentives offered, grants offered to set up more 
manufacturing, do more development in the US, we certainly be open to it. 
We are in active dialogue right now on that front. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Hi, Krishnendu from Quantum. The House of Representatives of US is trying 
to cut the cost of Medicaid by USD 880 billion dollars to fund the gap in tax. 
So, just wondering how could it affect the Indian hemisphere if it does get 
through? 
Vinita Gupta: 
I think a big part of CMS spending is on branded drugs, so I think the first 
impact you would see is on branded drugs. And that’s what they are trying to 
do with this MFN clause, to negotiate pricing on brand drugs at a level similar 
to Europe. I don’t expect it to get to generic drugs very quickly because, 
generic drugs are already a pretty low spend. We have emphasized to the 
government as part of the Section 232 investigation in the commerce 
department that there's a lot of inefficiency in the supply chain. When you 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
look at the generic side of the industry there is only a small percentage of the 
value that comes to the manufacturer, there's a big part that goes into the 
GPOs and PBMs and that’s where they need to focus to be able to gain 
efficiency. I think that is also, resonating with them. They are looking at the 
numbers and can see that how skewed the value chain is. So, we think that 
the PBMs are going to be challenged quite a bit. We have already started 
seeing some of that, a few of the states have already started dis-
intermediating PBMs. I think that you are going to see potentially more 
negotiation with Big Pharma on brands. Again, to be seen how that syncs up 
with the reshoring goal that the administration has. And I see limited impact 
on generics. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
On the India piece, how do you see insulin acquisition of the Lily drug playing 
up with Semaglutide when it goes off-patent in India? Comments on that, how 
do you think you are going to play that?  
Ravi Agrawal: 
We have Rajeev here we can ask him to answer that. 
Rajeev Sibal:  
So as far as the Lily acquisition is concerned our objective was to acquire 
Huminsulin® so we can penetrate into Tier-2 Tier-3 markets also and we can 
capture that market of insulin there. Now, Novo going out as far as insulin 
market is concerned particularly cartridges, we expect that we will be able to 
garner that market share also which will be vacated by them. At present our 
Huminsulin® market share is 18%. We expect with this space becoming 
available we will be able to garner another 6-7% market share as far as 
Huminsulin® is concerned. So, that’s absolutely our strategic move as far as 
acquiring Huminsulin®. Semaglutide going off-patent as Vinita also 
mentioned in March 2026, we are developing in-house also Semaglutide and 
we have partnered with other partners also so we are very much ready once 
it goes LOE. And we expect that this market is going to go up because once 
the prices come down the usage is going to go up.  
Krishnendu Saha: 
So, you don’t see cannibalization happening if Semaglutide comes in?  
Rajeev Sibal: 
No, Semaglutide apart from diabetes because there is separate market for 
GLP-1s, there is a separate market for insulin, and particularly in obesity 
insulin has no role. So GLP-1s are going to be the one which are going to play 
a major role in obesity. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Last one on Mirabegron where do we stand, what is our stand on that right 
now? 
Vinita Gupta: 
We continue to sell the product - no change. And we have the trial in 
February, and believe that we have plenty of defences that, you know we 
have a good chance to fight at that point in time. So, we will find out in 
February.   
Krishnendu Saha: 
And the Albuterol market share right now for us? 
Vinita Gupta:   
It’s close to 18-20%. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi, this is Damayanti from HSBC. Vinita, earlier on TV interview you mentioned 
USD 250 million US sales is the new run rate for you. But just want to 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
understand you continue to sell Mirabegron and then Tolvaptan has come. 
Then why it should not be much higher? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So hopefully it is higher. We think that you know we are going to see pressure 
on Albuterol, we have already started seeing it. We think Tolvaptan will be a 
great contributor in the first half of this fiscal year. But second half we 
certainly expect other competitors to come in and while our first mover 
advantage will be there because it is a specialty drug, it is a REMS product we 
will expect to give up share. So, we expect some products to go down  and 
products like Tolvaptan and continued growth in Spiriva® would offset some 
of the decline in other products and helps us hopefully grow over USD 250 
million a quarter. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Does it look that your first half will be much bigger than the second half? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So, for the company it looks like both first half second half would be great. 
For the US, first half certainly has a lot more of Tolvaptan than the second half 
does. But in the second half we have injectables coming in, in particular the 
three I mentioned, Glucagon, Liraglutide and Risperidone all come into the 
tail end of the first half so really have a strong contribution in the second half. 
We certainly have the US more front loaded in the year. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Second question is on injectable launches which you just mentioned. So, in 
terms of your application what is the current visibility? Are you confident 
about timely launches? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So we think that majority of these products we have heard recently about 
Glucagon, we have heard recently about Victoza®. It is between July and 
August that we should get approval. We haven’t heard any different on 
Risperidone, in the next couple of months we should get that approved as 
well. 
Surya Patra: 
This is Surya from Phillip Capital. My first question is about the CDMO 
initiatives. Could you share what is your plan there and how do you position 
the CDMO/CRDMO business while you are having established generic 
business here? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
I think the CDMO market is very mature in the fact that people would pick 
companies for their reputation, for their manufacturing capabilities, their 
compliance record and the like. I think the fact that we are a large generic 
company as well I don’t see that as a challenge at least in none of the 
conversations that we have had so far. This started with a fact that we were 
overinvested in API and we had additional capacity which was available as 
well. But I think you know with some of the China rhetoric, with some of the 
alternatives that people have been seeking as well I think it has become a 
large opportunity. It is also an opportunity that we can do at scale. I think 
there is multiple reasons why we are excited and we need to build. Once we 
have got numbers we will present those numbers but I don’t see anything 
coming as a challenge at this point of time. We have to build capability 
though. I think our key goal was commercial capability and project 
management. It is just operates at a very different level versus a generic 
company in that. So, our goal has been to build that and the team that we 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
have built is all from the CRDMO space. So, optimistic but I think we will put 
our heads down, work for two years and then talk about good numbers. 
Surya Patra: 
Any sense of the timeline of the progress of this? 
Nilesh Gupta: 
It is fully functional, I mean it is a separate entity altogether, they have a 
separate office, they don’t even sit in the Lupin offices, so they are fully 
functional already. The entire business is about building a funnel, so we want 
to build that funnel with good number for this year as well. I think the 
revenues it will be nothing meaningful at this point of time, I think in the next 
two years it will get to a meaningful number. 
Surya Patra: 
Second question is about the margin for the quarter that you mentioned, 
Ramesh sir, that after adjustments it is something like 26% kind of a margin 
profile for the core business for the quarter. And there are adjacencies also 
which are currently having negative impact to the overall FY25 margin. So, 
two things - what would have surprised this 26% kind of core EBITDA margin 
for the quarter. And is it Mirabegron only driving that, you can clarify that. 
Secondly, the impact of the adjacencies if you can quantify that for FY25?  
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
In terms of adjacencies, this is essentially the digital business, the diagnostics, 
API CDMO, the bio business, all of these are still evolving. So, if we were to 
knock out that impact it will be about 3.5 to 3.7 percentage points. And in 
terms of the first part of the question, we lost out in terms of PLI - not lost out 
it was actually capping out because there is a limit to what we can claim for 
any year. So, previous quarter was higher by about INR 50 crores. This quarter 
that’s the impact it is about 1% lower because of that and the higher impact 
in terms of R&D I will specify that again, the R&D spends are lot higher. If we 
knock out that impact, then potentially that 23.2% would have been 26%. 
Surya Patra: 
Just one last question, there is % more than 20% CAGR growth on the R&D 
spend over the last 3 to 4 years that we have seen. And obviously there are 
some results that we are witnessing now on the market. Going ahead what 
would be your plan in terms of the spend quantum, in terms of percentage or 
in terms of growth? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Our R&D spend would go up next year. I expect at least about 10% to 15% 
growth out there. Principally because of the kind of products that we are 
working on. There is a slant towards more complex stuff. That will bring in a 
lot of more expenditure as well. If we take count actually close to about 70%-
72% of our spends today is really on complex stuff. This includes biosimilars, 
the inhalation portfolio, the complex injectables, the 505(b)(2)s, all of this, 
and in some parts the specialty as well. So, that calls for a lot of expenses. 
Therefore, the absolute numbers are set to go up. And as a percentage of 
sales also so it is about 8% right now. So, I believe that will be upward of 8.5% 
next year. 
Surya Patra: 
Just one last clarification, ma’am, from your side. Any competition for Spiriva® 
one should think about? 
Vinita Gupta:  
There are one or two filers that have filed already. But just given how long it 
took for us to get approval - it took 5 years for us to get approval. Now the 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
FDA would have gained a lot through the interaction back and forth. I think 
for the next 12 months we should still be the sole generic in the market place. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
Just to clarify again on R&D, when I talk about EBITDA margin increase next 
year it is after taking into account this increase in R&D expenditure 
Kunal Randeria:  
Good evening, Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital.  Vinita, should we expect 
Spiriva® Respimat® launch in FY27? 
Vinita Gupta:  
No, it actually was one of the FY29 DPI products. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Secondly, just a bit more on R&D where Ramesh did give some colour. Since 
majority of your incremental growth is coming from inhalers, how much of 
that is being spent on inhalers? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
We don’t state platform wise details. But we are just saying bundling all of 
this expenditure relating to complex together as a percentage it is close to 
about 70%. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, and just one more if I can. 
Vinita Gupta: 
I think inhalers is partly 30%. 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Yeah, I would say roughly about that. 
Kunal Randeria:  
30%, right. I don’t quite understand your biosimilar strategy so when I look at your 
pipeline. Most of your products are coming maybe 4 or 5 years after the first 
entrant. So, I don’t know, is it more opportunistic because the regulatory barriers 
seem to be lower now. Just a thought process behind it? 
Vinita Gupta: 
It has been quite an evolution. The strategy has been evolving on the 
biosimilars front just given the market evolution. When you look at the 
changes that have taken place in the US. It is really creating opportunity for 
older products as well for us. For example, Pegfilgrastim it’s a very old 
product, multiple players in the marketplace. But as we have had 
conversations over the last year with the customer base the fact that we will 
come in with a new ASP that’s attractive for providers makes it a very 
attractive opportunity. So, we really see value in bringing Pegfilgrastim to 
market. Whether we do it ourselves or we do it with a partner is a question 
mark.. We have both options available to us. So, when you look at the other 
products, if you start looking at the first product that we had invested in was 
Etanercept - Enbrel®, and the idea with Enbrel® was global, we wanted to get 
into the US market, European market, everywhere we can and there's a 
submarine pattern that appeared in the US that held the product back until 
2029. But we launched in Europe through Viatris, now Biocon, as well as other 
parts of the world through other partners. In the US we have the ability to 
bring the product into the market ourselves in s fiscal year 30. It will be a 
material opportunity for us because we likely will still be one of four in the 
marketplace. So, for us so far it has been a learning on the biosimilars front. 
We have tried to mitigate the risks through partnerships, partnerships on the 
development cost, partnerships on commercialization. In the last 12 months 
with the changes in the US we really see an opportunity of going direct into 
the market with biosimilars. Particularly for products like Pegfilgrastim 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
certainly there is an opportunity. But also for the Ophthalmic products - the 
two products that we have on the Ophthalmic front, Ranibizumab and 
Aflibercept. we have the relationships with Ophthalmic distributors right 
now. AmerisourceBergen which is now Cencora is 70% of the ophthalmic 
market, they visit 70% of the ophthalmic clinics. So, we have the relationships 
in place to be able to enter that market if we get approval in time and can 
launch the product. 
 
Having said that going forward now given the barriers are reducing it becomes 
like a complex generic play for us. So, the focus is on products where the 
number of competitors are limited or where we can be one of few in the 
market place. 
Kunal Randeria: 
But Vinita, you know with competition also increasing in future the price 
erosion will be much sharper. We have seen it in the last couple of years that 
it has behaved almost like oral solids where the prices have been very sharp 
and now it can get even sharper. The cost I don’t know if that cost justifies 
you know launching this? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Well, so the cost has come down in development, the cost is going down on 
market access with these private labels. If you have a private label avenue, 
like Cordavis, the CVS private label or one of the other private labels where 
you are not creating the commercial infrastructure, we already have the 
capabilities on the development and manufacturing front, why would we not 
leverage it to get products where we are in the first wave or products where 
we are one of the few in the market place. 
Neha Manpuria: 
This is Neha from Bank of America, thanks for taking my question. Ramesh, if 
I was to think about margins after FY26, obviously FY26 we have Tolvaptan 
helping us and then you have the injectables. As we think about after that, 
Vinita mentioned Spiriva® sees competition, Tolvaptan FTF goes away. Is the 
margin expansion entirely dependent on the adjacencies turning around 
given we would continue to invest in R&D? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Yeah, I do see turning around would of course be a very important part of the 
whole thing. At some point of time we would also perhaps look at allowing 
them to spin on their axis by getting a private equity player or a strategic end 
to kind of allow them to grow also. Clearly, their evolution and their growth 
and their profitability is also important. But it is not going to be the most 
critical factor from our perspective, it is going to be really the core, really 
contributing in terms of the buoyancy on the top line and other initiatives that 
we have taken on. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Vinita, on your foray into specialty. One, what are the therapy areas that we 
are looking at this time, is it different from what we were looking at previously 
which was women’s health. Second, you know from a P&L as well as balance 
sheet investment when does the P&L investment kick in, how much are we 
thinking we want to invest, given the pipeline that you have. And from 
balance sheet what's the number that you are looking at committing for M&A 
or asset acquisition for specialty? 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
Vinita Gupta:  
So, on the areas of focus, they are very much Respiratory and CNS. In 
respiratory given that we have Xopenex®, we have a position in respiratory 
already. We can bring synergies through our development lifecycle 
management within our internal capabilities. So, respiratory definitely is a big 
focus, building on what we have. And CNS neurology - with NaMuscla®, we 
are now doing the study to bring the product to US as well, that’s multiple 
times the opportunity of the current product. If we can get other neurology 
products, they will be synergistic with the infrastructure that we have in 
Europe as well as what we will build in the US. Those are still the two focus 
areas. Opportunistically we look at other areas as well based on the assets 
that come to market. Our focus is very much on accretive assets; on a limited 
basis we are looking at pipeline assets. On the pipeline front we obviously  
want de-risked pipelines, so late-stage programs and will want to look at 
creative structures around it to be able to mitigate the risk on our P&L. In 
terms of capital allocation maybe I will let Ramesh talk about it. I mean the 
overall allocation is the focus is specialty and India region. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
We have drawn very good guardrails in terms of our overall capital allocation 
policy. In terms of for example the overall debt that we will take on the 
balance sheet will be around the 2:1 ratio in terms of Debt to EBITDA . If we 
are talking about EBITDA close to about INR 5,000  - 5,500 crores and you are 
talking about potentially the debt we can raise is about INR 10,000 - 11,000 
crores. We are also kind of prioritizing in terms of where we will be putting 
our money in and from our perspective it is going to be in India and of course 
specialty. Though we would of course like to address white spaces in 
distribution program across say geographies like Europe. And we have also 
said that when it comes to adjacencies, we would restrict our overall 
involvement to what we envisaged at the time of drawing up the investment 
program for various adjacencies. Beyond that we would actually involve 
private equity houses or a potentially strategic of the like. So, we also said in 
terms of financial returns we would be expecting return of about 20% and in 
terms of a payback period between 4 to 6 years depending upon the project. 
So, some of these guardrails are already operational. And going forward we 
would make sure that most of the projects qualify under this. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Nilesh, last one for you. For the India business you know you talked about 
double digit growth for next year. Given Empagliflozin, just went generic we 
have that impact, we had a large tender number in the base. Despite of that 
we would be able to grow double digit, would that be a fair conclusion, and 
what would be driving that growth. Is it new product launches? You 
mentioned about 400-500 MR additions, are there new divisions that you are 
launching, just some colour there? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
I think we are really coming into our own in some of these therapy areas. We 
have had all of the disruptions on the cardiovascular side. So, that’s all played 
out and the like. So, now we are seeing that 30% ahead of market growth. We 
see diabetes obviously with this happening, but we will still see good volume 
growth and I think we will still grow at a double digit in diabetes as well. 
Respiratory has been slow in the last couple of years. We have launched a 
new task force for nebulization, we have expanded our Uday Division which 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
is focused on extra urban as well. That will lead to growth again as well. So, 
sum of it all I think we are going to grow at double digit and not just for the 
next year. I think the intent is to grow at 20-30% ahead of the market, I believe 
the market will grow at 6-7% or 8% as the case maybe. On top of that if you 
grow at 20-30% ahead you will be at that double digit. I think the sum of this 
all, trade generics we have launched into a separate subsidiary, that entity is 
expected to grow at a strong number. OTC is expected to grow at a very strong 
double-digit number as well. Summation of all of this adds up to a good 
double-digit number. 
Ravi Agrawal:  
So, while we collate some of the audiences while we put up a queue here, 
there are a couple of questions from the people who have joined online.  
One question is the US government has expressed a desire to reduce 
dependencies on PBMs and increase the transparency of drug pricing. And 
the question which is asked is does this lead to better predictability of drug 
pricing and is it a positive measure from a generic pricing perspective going 
ahead? 
Vinita Gupta:  
The scrutiny on PBMs? 
Ravi Agrawal: 
The actual question is the dependency on PBMs the government in the US 
would like to reduce and does that mean that the pricing environment for 
generics in the US improves further actually going ahead? 
Vinita Gupta: 
I think the PBMs take a big part of the value so certainly improves the 
opportunity for generic drugs. Also is a big opportunity for the government to 
save drug spend. So, it is a combination. I mean we certainly think that it will 
reduce drug spend overall, because right now it is going into the pockets of 
folks that don’t pass it on to patients, nor pay us either. And potentially can 
help us with generic pricing. 
Ravi Agrawal:  
And a couple of questions on Mirabegron, I think we did answer some parts 
of it. One question is are we continuing to sell Mirabegron till the litigation 
dates in Feb and added question on the ‘780 patent are we fighting against 
infringement or invalidity? Add on question to that is if you win against 
infringement do we have a pathway till 2030 when the patent actually 
expires? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Well, we hope. But so the first question was, do we continue to sell? Yes, we 
continue to sell. And two, in terms of our defences it is going to be both, non-
infringement as well as invalidity. And then if we have the opportunity to 
prevail on infringement only, we might have a long-term opportunity. So, we 
will see. 
Ravi Agrawal:  
A couple of questions have come, actually Rajeev did answer but again this 
concern that with the launch of the generic GLP-1s in India there could be 
some cannibalization on the diabetes side especially on insulin. I know Rajeev 
did mention that they are two very different categories. But is there anything 
else that we have in terms of talking about the fact that our diabetes portfolio, 
we have visibility and confidence that it will continue to grow even with the 
GLP-1s coming in? 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
Nilesh Gupta:  
I mean the market is going to open up, right. It is going to take time to shape 
therapy itself. So, it is a near term opportunity to grow on the GLP-1 side itself. 
That doesn’t take away the fact that there is a lot of diabetes in India, a lot of 
untreated diabetes in India. It is not like everybody is going to jump onto GLP-
1 product to change where the therapy is headed. Obviously with the 
genericisation price point comes down, access becomes much more available 
to people to access GLP-1 products itself. But I think we are talking many years 
out , certainly our MTP is talking about the double-digit growth on the 
diabetes side as well. And to add to that I think Rajeev talked about the 
insulin, I think the insulin opportunity, I think we can emerge as a very large 
insulin player as Lupin and specially if we can bring access to tier 2 - tier 3 
towns I think the opportunity is a very large opportunity in itself. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Just quickly Canada USD 45 million sales, we are launching Semaglutide in 
India, we are not there in Canada are we? 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, we don’t have the product as of yet. The team is actively looking at an 
opportunity of in-licensing but we have an internal product which will come 
later into Canada. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
On the European part Nanomi acquisition, and the French injectable 
acquisition, we have Risperdal coming from Nanomi so how does it 
complement. Could you show light on the acquisition how does it help us, or 
whether it doesn't help us at all. Just trying to understand that landscape. 
 
I am just trying to understand is there any benefit from both combined 
acquisitions because I think we got Risperdal Consta® injectable from Nanomi 
as far as I remember. Does it help us? 
Vinita Gupta: 
I think they are independent in any case. I mean Nanomi is more a platform that 
we bought for long acting injectables. It is a very unique platform. Risperdal 
Consta® of course will be the validation of the platform, it will be the first product 
that we bring to market through the platform. But what we are doing with that 
platform is really exploring innovative opportunities, 505(b)(2) opportunities. We 
have put peptides on that platform. We are working on biologics on that platform 
to see how far we can extend the use of the platform. But to us the biggest 
opportunity with Nanomi is really the ability to innovate and build a novel pipeline. 
The Medisol acquisition and injectable business acquisition in France. We didn’t 
have a presence in France until we bought Medisol. So it gives us a presence in 
France. And on top of the portfolio we have there we are looking at all of the 
injectables that we have in India including Risperdal Consta® but  we are 
looking at the broader portfolio of injectables to bring into France. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Last question, all the DPI / MDI are coming from Indore. Just a clarification? 
Future filings? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Future filings will be a combination of India as well as Coral Springs. 
Audience: 
You spoke about pricing pressure in Albuterol. Can you elaborate? 
Vinita Gupta: 
With additional competition you have pricing pressure so we have had some. 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
Audience: 
Another question to Ramesh. Ramesh, you showed the chart on capex of INR 
700 or INR 600 crores kind of run rate for last several years. But your cash 
flow statement shows a capex of INR 1600 crores in FY25 and INR 900 crores 
in FY24 What is the difference for that number? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
The Cashflow shown here reflects just the Capex portion and the one in the 
Balance sheet also includes acquisitions.  
Audience: 
So, these are acquisitions of ANDAs or intangibles other than that? 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
It could have been intangibles. We bought into companies like Medisol, Vinita 
just mentioned that, so, all of those acquisitions that came in. The Cash flow 
is after taking into account all of that. 
Audience: 
I was talking about the capex number, the INR 700 crores numbers which you 
had showcased for last couple of years on an average versus the cash flow 
statement where there is the capex number over there, the gap is very wide 
is what I am saying.? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  
No, I showed only one figure which is the capital expenditure on an annual 
basis for 4-5 years really. And that I think average is about INR 500 to INR 700 
crores. A larger chunk was for really maintenance capex and there's been 
some expansion in some parts especially when it comes to biosimilars, 
injectables and the likes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
This is Kunal from Macquarie. The first question is on Tolvaptan. I think our 
understanding was that this is going to be a long tail product for us. Has there 
been any change in that view that we had on this product? 
Vinita Gupta: 
No, we always said that in the 6-month exclusivity we will gain a lot more than 
the period where we have additional competition. But given the launch 
efforts and what we have learnt in the last couple of months, the specialty 
distributors and that market works a little bit differently. They really like to 
establish longer term relationships. So, for REMS product we expected in any 
case the tail to be longer and now with the relationships that we have 
established with the specialty distributors we feel even stronger that we 
should be able to maintain a high share in the time when others get in. 
Kunal Dhamesha:  
Second question on the overall impact on our P&L, let’s say from next 3 to 5-
year perspective because we are looking at a lot of shift towards complex 
generics and specialty. Margins wherever they are right now or ROCE 
whatever it is right now where do you see that panning out over next 3 to 5 
years because it also seems that there are a lot of investments, R&D may be 
inching up for that future pipeline. So, how should we think beyond FY26 just 
looking at this shift in the business mix that we have put out today? 
Vinita Gupta: 
So, the team has worked hard really to improve margins year after year, and 
that’s a consistent effort going forward. As we look at the situation right now 
based on the pipeline that we bring to market, certainly R&D spend on 
complex generic is up but also the new product launches of complex generics 
are up. And increasing over the next 5 years. So, we should be able to afford 
the investment and still grow our margins. 

 
May 15, 2025 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Ravi Agrawal:   
I think we will take a last question, it is online. It says on Semaglutide we have 
highlighted that we are partnered as well as we have our own version. The 
question is what was the reason to have both and is it to compress the 
timeline or is there something else? 
Vinita Gupta: 
We have a play in the oral solid the tablet as well as injectables. The tablet we 
have internal, injectable we have partnered. 
Ravi Agrawal: 
Thank you, I think if we have no further questions we would like to end. Thank 
you so much, we really appreciate your time, effort, it has been a busy day for 
you. We end this session and looking forward to seeing you and connecting 
with you again going ahead as well.  
Thank you. 
