 
 
May 20, 2025                                                                           LTTL/L&S/2025-26/05/21 
 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub : 
 Announcement under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - Earnings Call - 
Financial Results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Ref 
: 
Le Travenues Technology Limited (the “Company”) 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 544192 and NSE Symbol: IXIGO 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on May 14, 2025, pertaining to the 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you, 
 
For Le Travenues Technology Limited 
 
 
Suresh Kumar Bhutani 
(Group General Counsel, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
SURESH KUMAR 
BHUTANI
Digitally signed by SURESH 
KUMAR BHUTANI 
Date: 2025.05.20 21:57:17 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Le Travenues Technology Limited (“ixigo”) 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
●​ Mr. Aloke Bajpai, Chairman, Managing Director and Group CEO 
●​ Mr. Rajnish Kumar, Director and Group Co-CEO 
●​ Mr. Saurabh Devendra Singh, Group CFO 
 
Moderator: 
●​ Mr. Anmol Garg - DAM Capital 
​
Page 1 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator:​
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Le Travenues Technology 
Limited Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by DAM Capital 
Advisors Ltd. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Thank you, Steve. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, I 
welcome you all to ixigo's Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call. 
 
We have with us Mr. Aloke Bajpai, Chairman, Managing Director and the 
Group CEO of the company. Mr. Rajnish Kumar, Director and the Group 
Co-CEO of the company; and Mr. Saurabh Devendra Singh, Group CFO of the 
company.  
 
Before I hand over the call to Saurabh, I would like to highlight the safe 
harbor statement on the second slide of the Earnings Presentation and is 
assumed to be read and understood. Over to you, Saurabh. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Hi, thanks, Anmol. As we sit on this call, I am reminded of a year ago. That 
time we were in the last stages of our IPO. ixigo was stepping into a new 
arena, public market, where scrutiny is sharper, timelines are shorter, and 
the stakes are inevitably higher. 
 
A question kept on circling in my mind, sometimes quietly during the 
meeting, and sometimes loudly in the solitude of late night, would we be 
able to honor the belief that the public market investors are placing in us? As 
some of you might know, I have spent a large part of my career in the public 
market. I have seen many IPOs, and that is why the transition worried me. 
The IPO is a moment, yes, but being public is a mindset, a discipline, a daily 
commitment to openness, accountability, and performance under the bright, 
unforgiving light. 
 
And these lights are glittery, the coverage, the clap, the ringing of the bell, 
but they cast long shadows. A single misstep travels fast. Win needs context, 
mistakes must be owned, in real time, in full view. 
 
That's the reality we stepped into a year ago. And today, as we close FY '25, 
our first full year as a listed company, I feel something deeper than relief. I 
feel gratitude, that even in this new paradigm, we stayed faithful to who we 
are and what got us here. And more importantly, we have shown that being 
​
Page 2 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
public doesn't mean being something else, it means being more of what 
matters. With this thought, I will pass it on to Aloke, our Group CEO. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Thanks, Saurabh. Good evening, everyone. There are great quarters and 
there are blockbuster quarters. Q4 FY '25 was a blockbuster quarter for us. In 
fact, FY '25 was a blockbuster year because we grew quarter-on-quarter 
without any impact of seasonality that our industry usually witnesses.  
 
When I use the word blockbuster, it's not just because of our GTV for the full 
year being close to INR 15,000 crores, which is actually more than 
Bollywood's annual box office collection even in its best year, but also 
because it is a quarter that demonstrated our ability to scale with discipline, 
and generating operating leverage that is both visible and sustainable with 
INR 122 crores of cash generated from operations in the full year, as well as a 
more than doubling of our Profit After Tax for Q4. 
 
While building a company, we have to make conscious decisions that balance 
our short-term interest with our long-term ones. We have had the good 
fortune at ixigo to never have to compromise our long-term interest in 
optimizing for purely short-term objectives.  
 
Our investors have also been always supportive of this approach. This allows 
us to continue betting on areas that could one day disrupt our core business 
or derisk it to a large extent. It also allows us to keep taking small side bets 
time-to-time, which if they work well, can end up defining us. And if they 
don't, will give us learnings at hopefully, not too big a cost. What matters 
most here is the foresight and conviction that the team needs to build about 
how the market will evolve in the future and what would be required to offer 
superior customer experience and product differentiation. 
 
As an outsider, at times, it is hard to appreciate this approach because some 
of the things we spend disproportionate time or effort talking about or doing 
may not make much sense today. And it is only after 2 to 3 years, sometimes 
more that those start to impact our growth and P&L in any meaningful way.  
When we listed in June last year, we had a solid foundation of a large and 
sticky user base, dominance among OTAs in the Train line of business, a 
young but fast-growing Flight and Bus OTA business, and the product agility 
and nimbleness that a challenger brand typically needs to have in a 
competitive space.  
 
The promise was that as our large widespread base of aspiring middle-class 
travelers would mature, they would come back to us for a wider array of 
their travel needs, pay up for value-added services that solve their pain areas 
and as their incomes improve, spend a larger share of their wallet on us 
through premiumization of the spend. 
 
Our FY '25 performance is proof that the market is evolving exactly how we 
expected it to, with flights and buses becoming our fastest-growing verticals, 
​
Page 3 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
both in GTV terms and revenue terms. There are visible market share gains 
we see across the 3 core lines of business. We have hit pretty meaningful 
scale with annual active users crossing 544 million for the full year and our 
monthly active users crossing 83 million across our brands, apps and 
websites.  
 
The bigger achievement, though, is how we have grown our monthly 
transacting users, which have crossed 3.7 million monthly transacting users 
as of Q4 with a 4% MTU to MAU ratio. If we look at our GTV scale now, it is 
nearly 2% of all B2C e-commerce being sold in our country today. 
 
In the Flights and Buses business, we are seeing material acceleration and 
some gains in market share as well. Buses, in fact, now have the largest share 
of contribution margin across our lines of business. So we are a much more 
diversified business in that sense. We are no more just a Tier 2, 3 brand 
either. If we look at our growth coming from Tier 1 to Tier 1 flights, it was at 
68% in Passenger Segment terms in Q4, which is multifold faster than the 
overall market growth of flown passengers between the top metros, 
indicating our increase in market share even in those axis. 
 
ixigo's uniqueness lies in its ability to tap into a growth vector that is rare, 
which is not just that of people making their first online travel booking, but 
of people booking the first ticket of their life on that mode of travel itself. 
This new-to-market segment essentially allows us to create a blue ocean for 
ourselves rather than compete in existing red oceans.  
 
An interesting statistic to share with you all is that the NBU users that we 
have, the ones that come and book new flights with us, the ones that came 
in Q4, our surveys indicate that half of those users that was the first flight 
booking of their life. So essentially, half of those new users who came to 
book on the NBU apps had never booked a flight in their life. So we are 
basically creating a new market. 
 
One contributor to that is also Travel Guarantee, which is now fully rolled out 
across Ixigo trains and confirmed ticket, a value-added service that leverages 
our unique advantage of a strong presence across the travel segments that 
we operate in, trains, buses and flights.  
 
Travel Guarantee helps travelers gain greater visibility into seat availability 
for their trips and allows them to get steeper discounts on alternate modes 
of transportation in case their waitlisted train ticket does not confirm on the 
date of travel. 
 
In many cases, this introduces the next billion users to new modes of travel 
such as flights and buses. This product has received strong initial uptake and 
is helping a lot of travelers to be able to benefit from up to 3x discount on a 
bus or a flight booking or up to 2x discount in an alternate train booking 
​
Page 4 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
when their train ticket doesn't confirm. All 3 lines of businesses are seeing a 
positive impact of Travel Guarantee on the revenue and GTV growth. 
 
At this stage of our journey, we are not optimizing Travel Guarantee for 
margins, but instead prioritizing trials and adoptions by our customers, and 
measuring customer satisfaction while observing their propensity to book 
alternate transport. 
 
Our AI-based optimization algorithm for pricing this product as well as 
deciding for which waitlisted ticket this product even gets offered for, allows 
us to run this product in a profitable manner. But in the initial phase, the 
Travel Guarantee will be a lower margin offering than the overall margins in 
our business, given there is a slightly higher variable cost to operate this 
product. 
 
As you can see in our financials, it has strengthened our overall portfolio. 
And despite the marginal dilution in unit economics that it brings for the 
Trains business, 31% trains contribution margin in Q4 FY '25 versus 34% in 
Q4 FY '24, it has still contributed to a healthy GTV and revenue growth for 
the Trains business and the other lines of business. 
 
In FY '25, we have also doubled down on brand and performance marketing 
across our portfolio, building upon the organic growth foundation that we 
had. We partnered with Rohit Sharma for our ixigo trains brand campaign, 
which had visibility across railway stations, TV channels, Maha Kumbh and 
more.  
 
We also doubled down on our ConfirmTkt partnership with RCB in IPL and 
executed a new campaign for Travel Guarantee featuring Virat Kohli and 
other cricketers. We also renewed our Mahesh Babu association for AbhiBus 
brand as well as signed up with the CSK team in IPL. Apart from these, we 
did several tactical campaign sponsorships, brand partnerships and offline 
activations, which have been enhancing our brand recall across our brand 
portfolio. 
 
Let me speak a bit on the macro development since we last spoke: 
The Maha Kumbh Mela in the months of January and February 2025 saw a 
surge in searches and bookings for us across our 3 lines of business. And not 
just for Prayagraj, but also for nearby towns such as Varanasi, Lucknow, 
Kanpur, and Ayodhya. These act as feeder routes into Prayagraj.  
 
Our bookings to Prayagraj surged 20x Y-o-Y for buses, 5.4x Y-o-Y for flights 
and 4x Y-o-Y for trains during this period, reflecting that for categories such 
as bus, where supply was not constrained like the others, there was a decent 
spike noticed during the Mela. What came as an eye-opening insight for us 
was how Gen Z and solo travelers form the dominant demographic for Maha 
Kumbh, shattering stereotypes about what demographic drives spiritual 
travel demand in our country. 
​
Page 5 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
On train, solo travelers made up over half the train bookings to Prayagraj and 
a staggering 50% of all visitors to Maha Kumbh across all modes of travel 
that we saw were under 30 years of age. Having witnessed it myself, I believe 
that this event was a testament to the true power of spiritual tourism in our 
country, marking the beginning of a structural multiyear theme.  
 
Though some bit of our performance in Q4 might appear to be influenced by 
what was happening at the Maha Kumbh, let me also clarify that only a 
mid-single-digit percentage of our GTV for that quarter is directly 
attributable to the Maha Kumbh. The event was an eye-opener to many on 
the power of spiritual travel in India, and there's an opportunity in the long 
term to serve this market in many ways. 
 
In more recent developments, the Pahalgam terror attack happened at a 
time when Jammu and Kashmir was seeing 70% growth Y-o-Y in bookings for 
us in the month of April. The attack marked a significant blow to the state's 
tourism momentum and the region's security environment and led to a 
military conflict that impacted flight operations in North India.  
 
At ixigo, our first priority was to ensure the safety and well-being of our 
travelers by ensuring we were disseminating information about disruptions 
and closures in a timely manner and to help them find alternate means of 
transportation to return to their homes safely. 
 
We were also supporting our users by offering full refunds, including 
convenience fees, free reschedules to all passengers flying from or to the 
affected airports. We also saw some increase in customer reach outs to our 
customer support channels and our CX teams work proactively day and night 
in coordination with our airline and hotel partners to resolve customer 
queries efficiently with the help of some AI as well. 
 
On May 10, 2025, driven by feedback from our users, we took a decision to 
suspend flight and hotel bookings for certain countries whose actions and 
stance during the conflict sparked significant public outrage in India.  
 
As a company deeply rooted in Bharat, we believe it is our responsibility to 
take a stand in solidarity with our nation during this critical situation. This 
action reflects our unwavering commitment towards aligning our business 
practices with the sentiments of the people in our country. 
 
We remain dedicated to reviewing this position as the situation evolves. 
Should geopolitical equations change, we will reassess the stance and we 
will do what is right for the broader travel ecosystem. This decision aligns 
with our core value of empathy and is reflective of our responsible corporate 
citizenship. 
 
 
​
Page 6 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Lastly, I want to end by quoting Swami Vivekananda, whose life and 
principles have been inspiring for me: 
“Take up one idea, make that one idea your life, think of it, dream of it, live 
on that idea. Let the brain, muscle, nerves every part of your body be full of 
that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.” 
 
For us, that idea has been to serve the underserved travelers. When I say 
underserved, travelers not just from the next billion user segment, but also 
the ones from the existing market who haven't been fully served in terms of 
the depth of customer experience as of now. 
 
On June 3, we will complete 18 years from launch, and our journey is a 
testament to the true power of compounding. We remain thankful to the 
immense faith of our customers, employees, airline partners, IRCTC, bus 
operators, hotel partners, and all our stakeholders who have reposed their 
faith in us throughout. And we remain conscious of the great burden of trust 
we carry on our shoulders. With that, I will now hand over the call to my 
friend and Co-CEO, Rajnish. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Thanks, Aloke. Today where we are, it involves a series of all the bets we 
took ahead of time, even when it seems counterintuitive on why we were 
taking those bets. We took those bets because we felt they would help 
improve customer experience and pain points in the travel industry over the 
long term. What we are seeing now is, therefore, a result of some resource 
allocation decisions we took several years ago. 
 
If you see our growth trajectory over the last 3 quarters, the acceleration 
coming quarter-on-quarter is a result of multiple factors; improvement of 
our products, especially for more evolved users, firstly, with utility features 
such as Flight Tracker Pro, automated trip management, Bus Insights. 
Secondly, enrichment of supply in buses and flights is now starting to happen 
in hotels as well. Thirdly, deeper cross-integration and synergies across our 
products and services in our app ecosystem across ixigo, ConfirmTkt, 
AbhiBus. Fourthly, better cross-sell through the integration of food, hotels, 
advertising, etc. And lastly, enhanced monetisation from new value-added 
services such as Travel Guarantee and Price Lock. 
 
We already have a large user base, so our focus is on enhancing our 
monetisation and expanding our share of wallet among our users. Our 
approach to expanding the share of wallet is centred around solving 
customer problems through innovative products that build trust and loyalty 
through a better customer experience. This loyalty and trust then translates 
to better cross-selling and upselling, leading to enhanced monetisation per 
user over the long term. Over the years, we have focused on utility-first, 
community-driven use cases to organically acquire customers. 
 
Since travel is an infrequent use case, the best way to measure share of 
wallet growth for our business is by tracking annual spend per transacting 
​
Page 7 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
user calculated as GTV divided by annual transacting users. This metric 
reflects how much each transacting user is spending on our platform 
annually and serves as a proxy for our wallet share expansion.  
 
We have grown from INR 6,537 per user per annum in FY '23 to INR 9,705 
per user per annum in FY '25, compounding at 22% CAGR, signifying our 
deepening relationship with our customers. This increase in share of wallet is 
also correlated with the rising trend of what we call premiumization in our 
country. 
 
We are witnessing a clear and accelerating growth trend of premiumization 
in Indian travel, a shift driven by rising purchasing power and innovations 
that are delivering better value at lower cost to the customers. Destinations 
once considered aspirational, such as Goa, are being substituted at times by 
international travel places such as Vietnam, Thailand, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and 
Singapore. Domestically, too, there's a strong surge in spiritual travel 
destinations like Prayagraj and Ayodhya, reflecting both evolving aspirations 
and deeper cultural exploration. 
 
Mode of transport is also seeing upgrades. We are seeing people 
transitioning from trains and buses to flights. These behavioural shifts are 
being fueled by 2 core underlying drivers. First one is rising disposable 
income, enabling more Indians to spend on travel and experiences. And 
secondly, massive infrastructure investments, including expansion of airports 
to tier 2 and tier 3 cities and the development of major tourist lines like 
temples and monuments. 
 
The recently introduced Travel Guarantee value-added services are another 
step in this direction, created to ensure that users without a confirmed train 
ticket can conveniently and affordably switch to alternate modes of 
transport. As previously highlighted, this feature is also enabling many users 
to experience new modes of travel such as flights for the very first time in 
their life. Aloke has already talked about the growth in our flights and buses 
vertical, which continues to surpass our own expectations. Hotels is still 
nascent, but we are very satisfied with what we have achieved in the fiscal 
year where we have worked upon it. 
 
There are quite a few learnings we have in that vertical when it comes to 
product market fit, both on the supply side and the customer side. There's 
also lots of work to be done there in the coming quarters to get to a point 
where we feel we have solved some customer pain points that still exist in 
that space in terms of customer experience on the ground and the 
expectation versus reality of it.  
 
As a trusted customer-first brand, it is important for us to continue investing 
in technology, AI and new initiatives that will enhance our customer 
experience as well as in brand marketing. Some utility products that we 
launched, such as crowdsourced products on trains, Flight Tracker Pro or Bus 
​
Page 8 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Insights may, at times, lead to disproportionate growth in tech costs without 
a proportionate increase in revenue. However, in the long term, these 
products help increase engagement and stickiness and improve our repeat 
bookings, leading to a reduction in our consumer acquisition costs. 
 
Over the past year, a number of investors have asked us about this. So let me 
share an interesting metric for you. In FY '25, 85.8% of our transactions were 
done by repeat bookers, who have booked with us, which shows the loyalty 
and faith our users have put upon us.  
 
Given the accelerated progress in the field of AI, the adoption of AI tools has 
accelerated across all our teams as well as in customer-facing products. This 
incremental investment also shows up in our technology costs, but it ends up 
creating operating leverage in other areas, such as employee costs and 
customer support costs. 
 
To give you an example, recently, we rolled out voice AI agents for our flight 
and train customer support, and we are already seeing 45% of our flight 
customer support on voice being done end-to-end by these AI agents, 
allowing us to scale the flight business without adding incremental human 
support agents.  
 
If you look back and see where we are coming from, it looks like an 
impossible feat to have, grown nearly 23x of our revenue from operations 
from INR 40 crores pre-COVID in FY '19 to INR 914 crores in FY '25. However, 
we remain extremely paranoid about the future, and we will continue to 
place our bets on areas that can potentially disrupt us because that is the 
only way we know we will remain relevant and continue growing. 
 
I want to end by thanking our team now, 509 people strong in the ixigo core 
business. Their contribution to this journey is commendable, and I think they 
are the true creators of this impact.  
 
As we approach our 18th anniversary as a company, I can't help but reflect 
on the early days, marked by a series of venture capital pitches and the 
string of repeated rejections that we faced. Back then, we believe that 
securing that funding would have significantly accelerated our growth 
trajectory. 
 
What we didn't realize then was that those very rejections were helping 
shape the DNA that would allow us to build a stronger foundation for future 
growth. With capital always in short supply, we were left with no choice but 
to rely on technology, creativity, product-led growth, organic growth 
marketing. And we built a culture deeply rooted in capital efficiency and 
customer centricity. What began as a necessity soon became second nature, 
and that discipline has served us remarkably well till this day. 
 
​
Page 9 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
With that, I am handing over to my friend and Group CFO, Saurabh Devendra 
Singh. Over to you. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Thanks, Rajnish. Let's walk through some highlights. As always, all figures 
shared are in rupees crores in case I forget to mention it, unless mentioned 
otherwise. Year-over-year, comparisons refer to the same period in FY '24 for 
annual and Q4 FY '24 for quarterly. 
 
Now let's start at the top. Our gross transaction value or GTV rose by 65% in 
Q4 to INR 4,418.4 crores. For a full year FY '25, we recorded INR 14,971.6 
crores in GTV, a 46% increase year-over-year. Revenue from operations stood 
at INR 284.1 crores for the quarter, a 72% increase Y-o-Y. For FY '25, the 
number was INR 914.2 crores, a 39% increase Y-o-Y. On contribution margin, 
we delivered INR 120.9 crores in Q4, up 69%.  
 
For full year, our contribution margin totalled INR 401.3 crores, growing 37% 
Y-o-Y. While the quarterly margin percentage dipped slightly from 43.5% to 
42.5% in Q4, that was in line with our decision to lean into growth 
opportunities and along the lines of what we have been talking about in 
every call that we have had. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA, excluding other income and ESOP costs, improved to INR 
29.1 crores for the quarter, up from INR 17.1 crores in Q4 FY '24. On a full 
year basis, we closed FY '25 at INR 94.8 crores in adjusted EBITDA compared 
to INR 55.3 crores last year. Profit After Tax stood at INR 16.8 crores for the 
quarter compared to INR 7.3 crores in Q4 last year, an increase of 128%.  
 
For the full year, PAT was INR 60.3 crores versus INR 73.1 crores in FY '24. 
This year-over-year difference is explained by one-off, which we have already 
discussed in the previous quarter, and I will also summarise again close to 
the end. I should highlight that our operating cash flow has nearly 
quadrupled over 3 years from INR 30.8 crores in FY '23 to INR 122 crores in 
FY '25. 
 
Now let's take a quick look at how our major business lines are performing 
this quarter. Our Bus segment is now cruising like a well-maintained Volvo 
9600, smooth, category refining and ahead of schedule. Whoever hasn't 
traveled, please travel in AbhiBus and you'll realise how good it is.  
 
In Q4, we recorded INR 0.55 crores Passenger segment bookings, making a 
78% year-over-year growth and generating a GTV of INR 552.5 crores. The 
contribution margin rose to INR 40.1 crores with a healthy contribution 
margin percentage of 60.9%. Thanks to this strong profitable growth, the Bus 
segment now contributes 33.2% of our overall contribution margin. 
 
Now, much like the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, which was a bold rethinking of 
what long-haul travel should be, our approach to the Flight business has 
been intentional, ambitious and built for the long-term. We didn't rush to 
​
Page 10 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
scale. Instead, we invested in the underlying systems and customer 
experiences needed to build something enduring. And now the strategy is 
taking off. In Q4, we booked INR 0.25 crores Flight segment, a 73% 
year-over-year increase with a GTV of INR 1,709.2 crores, which is a 92% 
growth Y-o-Y. Contribution Margin reached INR 39.6 crores with a margin 
percentage of 45.2%. Flights now contribute 38.7% to overall GTV and 32.7% 
to group's total Contribution Margin. 
 
When it was first launched in 1969, the Howrah Rajdhani taught India to 
expect more from train travel, not just in terms of speed, but in consistency, 
comfort and trust. Our Train line of business carries forward the same spirit. 
In Q4, we booked INR 2.62 crores segment, marking a 30% growth over Q4 
FY '24 and contributing to INR 2,107.1 crores, up 41% year-over-year. 
Operational revenue came in at INR 126.3 crores with a Contribution Margin 
of INR 39.2 crores at a 31% contribution margin percentage. Trains 
accounted for approximately 32.4% of group's total Contribution Margin. 
 
Now as promised, I would like to highlight a few one-off or call-out items 
that influenced the comparison between FY '25 and FY '24. Revaluation gains 
for our associate, Fresh Bus was INR 29.7 crores in FY '24 and INR 5.8 crores 
in FY '25.  
 
Share of loss of Fresh Bus increased from INR 5.9 crores in FY '24 to INR 9.1 
crores in FY '25. FY '24 also had a Fresh Bus loss of INR 5.2 crores 
consolidated with us. At that point of time, it was a subsidiary. There was INR 
1.2 crores related to share issue expense in FY '25, related to our IPO. 
Further, we had a tax expense of INR 21.5 crores in FY '25 as compared to a 
one-off tax credit of INR 12 crores in FY '24. Thus, due to the above item, on 
a like-for-like basis, we had a net charge of INR 26 crores in FY '25 against a 
net gain of INR 30.6 crores in FY '24. 
 
Lastly, let me quickly touch upon the impact on our business due to the 
recent geopolitical issues. The temporary shutdown of 32 airports resulted in 
some disruption to flight services with cancellations affecting 5% to 8% of 
total scheduled flights between May 7 and May 12.  
 
While there wasn't much impact on train business, our bus business actually 
saw some increase in demand during this time. And hence, at a company 
level, we didn't see much impact. With the announcement of the reopening 
of affected airports from 12th May, we are glad to report that as of 13th May 
and onwards, we have returned to normal flight booking levels prevalent in 
early May. 
 
Now where does the end of FY '25 leave us? It leaves us with a strong start 
on a long and ambitious journey. While we have strengthened our platform, 
invested and reinforced our value proposition, we know that next few years 
won't be easy, because defining chapters are rarely the comfortable ones.  
 
​
Page 11 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
I will end up with a quote, which means more or less what Aloke said, but 
he's a spiritual guy, while I am a dark, brooding type. So Kafka, once wrote. 
“Don't bend, don't water it down. Don't try and make it logical. Don't edit 
your own soul according to the passion. Rather, follow your most intense 
obsession mercilessly.” 
 
We are following our mission to democratize access to travel with integrity, 
empathy and innovation at the heart of everything we do. It's that obsession 
that has brought us here. And it's the same focus that will carry us through 
good quarters like this one and also through others, which may not be as 
smooth, though in which things don't go as planned, regardless of the 
challenges, we will remain steadfast to our core values and mission. Thanks. 
And with that, I will hand it back to the moderator for Q&A. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Anmol Garg:​
Yes. Hi. Congratulations guys for a very strong performance. I have a few 
questions that I wanted to understand. Firstly, in both our Flight and Bus 
businesses, our take rates have gone up significantly versus the last quarter. 
So just wanted to understand whether there has been an increase in the 
overall international booking in our Flight segment? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
So I will take the first one, Anmol. Look, part of it is what we have as a 
value-added offering. So one of the things that, say, in the case of bus, what 
we have been doing is we have been increasing and expanding the footprint 
of Abhi Assured across. And in general, as we have discussed in the 
presentation, we have introduced a number of value-added services and a 
part of, look,  why our take rate would always be slightly different is our 
underlying route mix might end up being different to the market, and we 
don't know what the market is right now. But partially, it's more of math in 
that sense. 
 
On the second question, sorry, you had was? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
International. So I will take that, Anmol, Aloke here. I think the growth we 
saw in international this time around was pretty much in line with the kind 
of growth that we saw for the overall Flights business, you could look at it 
that way. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Understood. Understood. Secondly, I wanted to understand that you have 
launched a Travel Guarantee this quarter. Also, we have other value-added 
products. So currently, what would be the percentage of revenue that is 
currently coming out of this product? And how has it changed over the last 
year? 
 
​
Page 12 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
We are not declaring the revenue on this. Firstly, and again, it was launched 
last quarter. So whatever it is over last year. But let me give you a more 
qualitative idea and probably Aloke and Rajnish can talk a bit more about the 
product. Remember, the product came from the need of the users a lot of 
times. So it's a product which came with the need of users. And secondly, 
with the kind of base that we had in train, we felt we could make it really 
work in this sense. So what I can tell you is that the product is doing 
extremely well for us. 
 
And what we are trying to do is and part of what you see in the decrease in 
the margin of the train business is what is happening with the Travel 
Guarantee, because we are not optimizing the product right now for 
margins. We are keeping it profitable, but we are prioritizing adoption by 
customers, trying to see the customer satisfaction really works, where it 
works. But yes, it is a very popular product for us. So if you see the in general 
growth, what has happened in that segment has been driven by this, and we 
are getting a lot of people in this segment.  
 
I will let Aloke and Rajnish to add more. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes. So I will just add that, if you look at the utility value of this product, 
right, as an end customer, it's superb, right? Because if you were planning to 
go somewhere and you had a waitlisted ticket, now you have the chance to 
be assured about the fact that if the ticket doesn't confirm, you will have 
enough discount to buy a bus or a flight at a steep sort of discount from 
where the fares typically are at the last minute or you could take a train the 
next day and still you could afford a more premium tatkal train, right, with 2x 
the refund. 
 
So in that sense, the folks who actually do opt-in for this product, and who 
do not get a ticket at the end of the day, confirmed seat, you can assume 
that a large part of them will actually start using this to book an alternate 
trip. So in that sense, it also kind of expands the market because that person 
would not have traveled at all or would not have found anything on our app 
worthy of their spend, but now get that option and largely priced with data 
science and AI. So we keep it profitable that way. But like Saurabh said, it's 
very early days. I think I would love to talk more about it in a few quarters 
from now. Rajnish, you want to add something? 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
No, I just wanted to say that as the name suggests, the goal of this product 
was, like I said, everything; it's not about making money right in the 
beginning. So as the name suggests, Travel Guarantee, the goal of the 
product was to make people travel. 
 
Moderator:​
The current participant got disconnected. We will move on to the next 
question. It's from the line of Swapnil from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
​
Page 13 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers all through. Just starting with the Flights business. See, if I were to 
look at from a seasonal perspective Q-on-Q, 4Q to 1Q, typically, I believe 
there is a decent growth that you see, because of holiday season in 1Q. But 
there were few events like you called out, right? There was some disruption 
in Kashmir, there was Kumbh in the base of 4Q. And then there are certain 
markets where you have stopped taking some bookings. Now my question 
here is like will we see the usual seasonality despite these events or should 
we build in a slightly unusual quarter for 1Q this year. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Thank you, Aloke here. I just wanted to call out, first of all, that Maha Kumbh 
itself, like we said in our narrative, was just contributing single-digit 
percentage of additional GTV as of Q4, right? So even though it did help us 
grow a tad a bit faster. But I would say that the secular growth trajectory 
itself was pretty exciting even without it. And this I am saying especially for 
flights where the inventory addition, which was purely Maha Kumbh related 
was not as big as, let's say, on a vertical like buses, where the impact could 
be felt more materially, right, in that sense. 
 
So I think at an overall business level, we would have still grown very fast 
even if there was no Maha Kumbh in Q4, let's put it that way. As far as the 
disruptions that you mentioned are concerned, those disruptions, which 
happened just for a period of 5 days during the conflict, I think as I speak 
today, we have already recovered levels that existed pre-conflict. So let me 
put that to rest. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Swapnil, you have to realize one thing that because we are multimodal, as I 
called out in the last question, there are different businesses which react 
differently to this kind of event. So it's in that sense, it's kind of balanced out 
for us. And so going back, I would not say that this is a quarter which is 
where the one-offs, and then we kind of have called everything out. If you go 
through an FAQ, you'll find most of these things also put on paper where we 
have highlighted these points. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it Saurabh and Aloke. The second question is with respect to your Bus 
segment. Your take rates have increased materially this quarter. I presume 
this is one of the highest take rate quarter for a long period of time. Now my 
question here is like, first, is this a sustainable number to look at it? And 
secondly, was there any element of better commissions that you are able to 
get from the suppliers or is it purely the value-added services that you might 
be offering? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Swapnil, I missed the last part of the question. Could you repeat that part 
again, please?  
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
My second part of the question was like is the take rate increase because of 
you getting better commissions from the suppliers, the bus operators or is it 
because of the value-added services, customers taking more number of 
​
Page 14 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
value-added services or the percentage contribution from the services 
increasing? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Yes, it's a mix of a number of things. So as you have probably summarized all 
the things there. As in what you have got is one is the share shift, which is 
private versus government, that is working out. The second, as I mentioned 
earlier on the VAS, which includes things like “Abhi Assured,” which gets us 
into things like the first-time users that we are getting or the returning users 
after years that we are getting to the Bus segment from the Train segment to 
the Travel Guarantee move, it is also a combination of us going deeper into 
our relationships with the bus operators.  
 
And remember, for bus, the interesting thing is bus is a fixed CAPEX business. 
So in case we are able to get better CAPEX utilization, better utilization for a 
bus operator, he is willing to share much more. So this is a very different 
business than the other 2 businesses. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes. So just wanted to add that there is also the value-added services that we 
sell, specifically Abhi Assured, etc. You have to understand that these 
value-added services are not priced manually by people. There is an AI 
algorithm that prices them. And as time progresses, these algorithms start 
optimizing for P&L. 
 
And I think what we are seeing also is that this optimization is resulting in 
significantly better attach rate, better revenue and margins that we are 
starting to see now. And this is one of the reasons why we might be seeing 
these things. So this is one of the areas that could potentially impact like you 
rightly mentioned. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:       
So will it be fair to say that 12% plus may be the new normal for your bus 
ticketing business? 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
I don't think we would like to kind of comment anything on that front about 
whether this is the new normal or not. All we can say is that we are seeing 
these optimization yielding results. We don't know what's going to happen in 
the future. But hopefully, with all the efforts we are making on the AI side 
and data science and personalization related to these products, we might 
see further optimization in the future. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it. And one question on your cost side. So you did call out in your 
earnings note that there was some operating leverage that you were able to 
drive in FY '25 when it came to technology and branding costs. But what my 
sense is that both these cost items increased materially in the second half of 
FY '25, which means the full impact of these investments, the technology 
and branding investments should be visible in FY '26. Does that mean while 
in absolute terms, we might be able to deliver very strong EBITDA growth in 
FY '26, but on a percentage margin perspective, things may not move in the 
same manner? 
​
Page 15 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes, sure. You have to look at technology expenses in a slightly different way. 
Technology expenses generally are proportional to the number of queries or 
hits or searches, as you say, as we get in our tech infrastructure. And this 
includes all kinds of services hosted on our platform. Sometimes we keep 
building these utility products that we talk about, right, whether it is the 
Flight Tracker Pro or the crowdsourced Running Status on trains or Bus 
Insights. And many of times, this kind of products, since they don't have a 
direct revenue impact, will lead to disproportionate growth in tech costs 
without any proportionate increase in revenue. 
 
However, in the long term, if you look at these products, they help increase 
engagement, right, and stickiness, and eventually it will lead to a reduction 
in our customer acquisition costs, and we are able to acquire more 
customers for free.  
 
I think what we measure in terms of our technology efficiency is whether our 
cost per million queries, right, which is defined as the server infrastructure 
cost that is needed to support about a million queries by dividing the 
numbers is constant or declining over time or not.  
 
And I can share that, that number has been only reducing year-over-year 
since we started measuring it. So an interesting insight number I can share 
with you is that at the current spend, we are roughly seeing about 8 billion 
hits every week on our infrastructure. This is the cost at which we are doing 
it. 
 
The other reason why this cost is an investment right now is that there is a 
very accelerated progress happening in the field of AI, and the adoption of AI 
tools has accelerated across all our internal teams. People are using a lot of 
AI across teams, whether it is engineering, customer support, etc. And also 
this adoption of AI or implementation of AI in customer-facing products that 
we have built, like everything that we do, every product feature that you see, 
there's some amount of AI inside it, right? This incremental investment that 
we are doing in AI is also showing up in our technology cost.  
 
And I think this is something that we had already said as use of funds at the 
time of we went public that we will be using these funds for investment in 
AI. So this cost may end up creating more operating leverage in the future, in 
areas such as employee cost reduction or customer support costs reduction. 
 
Just to give you an example, I think I talked about it in the call as well. We 
have our voice-to-voice agents, AI agents now operating at full scale. And we 
have already seen that almost 45% of our flight customer support voice 
queries are being completely handled end-to-end by AI, right, allowing us to 
scale this business significantly. So there is a rationale behind this spend. But 
having said that, even if you look at an overall level, even as a percentage of 
GTV, that number is not growing. It's the only constant. 
​
Page 16 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it. And just the last one, if I can squeeze in. It's more on a long-term 
perspective. So while you guys are doing fantastic across all these 3 key 
segments that you are operating, at some point of time, my sense is like you 
will have to build the Hotels segment also in a meaningful manner and a 
direct manner. So any thoughts around that? How do you intend to do that? 
And what kind of efforts will be needed or any thoughts around that will be 
very helpful. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Sorry, you are talking about hotels specifically?  
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Yes, yes. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes. like I said, hotels is still in the build-out phase. Obviously, we are seeing 
very good growth in hotels. But as of now, we are not disclosing those 
numbers. The reason is that we are still in the early phase of build-out. We 
are focusing a lot on customer experience on the hotel side. There's still a lot 
of unsolved pain areas that we see on the hotel side, which we are trying to 
solve for, whether it is on the inventory side, whether it is in solving areas 
related to trust or whether it is areas related to why do people don't transact 
online enough because of this lack of trust or the availability of digital 
content, et cetera, that allows people to take those decisions to book online, 
etc.  
 
So we are focusing on a lot of these areas in order to kind of optimize the 
customer experience on hotel side. And I think that we will be able to build 
something which will have a differentiated customer experience. And I think 
that is what will create that product-market fit that we are looking for.  
 
And I would just reiterate the same thing. Our playbook will continue to be 
the same, which is we will go very deep on the customer experience side, 
and we will explore most of the customer pain areas that are there in the 
hotel side as well, and we will try to solve them from first principles. And the 
thesis is that if we are able to solve the right problems at the right time, we 
should be able to create a product that creates that customer stickiness. 
 
And the other thing we are confident about is that as of now, we are not 
spending a single amount of dollar or penny to acquire customers to transact 
on hotels on our platform. And the reason is very simple because we have an 
extremely large captive audience in our platform, like 83 million people 
coming monthly on our platform. So our focus and goal would also be to 
kind of optimise that large base of customers that we have and start 
cross-selling and upselling in order to improve the adoption of hotels in the 
future. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it. Thanks a lot for the opportunity, and all the best. 
 
​
Page 17 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harikesh from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead.  
 
Harikesh V:​
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, congratulations for the great result. And I 
think it obviously is an island of opportunity in what otherwise looks like a 
fairly sad consumption sentiment in India. So I had a couple of philosophical 
questions. I will just leave it with some of the numerical ones as well.  
 
So I think you had alluded in your opening remarks about user, usage and 
premiumization. And essentially in a consumer category, which is structurally 
growing, the people who execute this well, multi-years out, essentially both 
hold margin, power and cash flows. 
 
Now I wanted to just address all the 3 in one question. In terms of usage, 
you obviously opened up with your original business model and opportunity, 
which no one else saw, but multiple players or large competition has seen it 
and started entering it, and hence, you are being flanked there. So how are 
you thinking about it and where do you defend that? That's on users. In 
terms of usage, your ATU to AAU is a number, which we have been tracking, 
there is some improvement. How are you thinking about it? Do you have a 
target in mind and where it goes? 
 
And in terms of premiumization, I would love to hear how you think of it, or 
are there cohorts which you can break up? You obviously alluded to the 
average value, which has gone up substantially. But if you break it by 
cohorts, are you seeing something different in terms of where you tried 
premiumization offerings and how they have been moving? So if you can just 
address these 3, that would be great. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Sure. Hi. This is Aloke here. Just the first part of your question, I just want to 
make sure I understood it. Which part were you referring to when you said 
it's flattening? 
 
Harikesh V:​
No, I didn't say it was flattening. I said in terms of users, you opened up an 
opportunity for the market, focusing on tier 2, 3 and then everybody else is 
seeing an opportunity there. So obviously, they will flank you, and they try to 
enter it. They'll be more aggressive. So how do you defend that core moat? 
And between the prioritization, right, you said you are focusing on growth 
now, user, usage, premiumization, how does your focus and prioritization 
stand today? So that was that part of the question. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Got it. So see, we have to start by understanding how we got here, which is a 
decade-long journey, which was built largely on understanding deeply the 
pain areas of these users that have very different needs at time, right, when 
it comes to travel. And most of the usage that came initially was for utility 
and not transactions, right?  
 
​
Page 18 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
So if you think of why ixigo has the largest user base in the market today, the 
answer probably will have very little to do with our transactional funnels, 
and more to do with our utility funnels because we cared about use cases 
that did not make any money for us or made very little money for us in the 
first decade. But we went very deep in them and solved those problems to 
such an extent that we built a very sticky, repeat and closed ecosystem of 
these users. 
 
And when I talk about that, of course,the  train is at the forefront of it. But 
even today, when I talk about flights and when we see the growth coming 
there, a large part of that growth is being driven by product-led growth, 
right, because we have launched these new things like Flight Tracker Pro or 
helping people get their boarding pass directly, at the time we have check-in 
opens. All those kind of things are essentially helping build more word of 
mouth and get more new users on the platform.  
 
Now, one could ask why nobody else did it because everybody has been in 
the same market for the same time as us. But I think it's really a question of 
where you place your focus and bets. And for us, we spend disproportionate 
time worrying about the smallest of things that our users struggle with. And I 
think that's really our moat, right? And of course, one can argue that, of 
course, we have network effects now. There's a lot of data that we have, 
which is proprietary, which is hard for anybody to copy, and all those things 
are there. But if you go back even one more step before that, how did we get 
there, by understanding customer problems more deeply than anybody else, 
right? And I think that's a harder playbook to copy, because it takes a while 
to build some of those things or scale some of those things or prove them. 
 
Now, when you talk about how this usage will grow, et cetera, see, on an 
annual active user basis, if you look at the numbers, and there's a reason 
why you will see that the growth is slower there in the last couple of years. 
We have reached a point where like 1 out of 2 people on the Internet have 
used us at least once across at least one of our brand apps or services, right, 
in the last 1 year.  
 
Now, if you reach that point of growth, the focus needs to shift on how do 
you build enough services that bring these people back for a diverse set of 
use cases, as well as how you monetise that better through transactions and 
deepen the relationship with that customer through transactions in other 
categories. 
 
To give you a small example, let's say, when we launched food delivery on 
trains, we are deepening that relationship, right? We are bringing the 
customer back to the app for one more use case. We are monetizing even 
further from that customer.  
 
When we talk about value-added services that Rajnish talked about, all of 
those deepen our relationship and give the user a reason to come and spend 
​
Page 19 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
more on us. So in a way, TAM expansion, once you have hit this sort of scale, 
TAM expansion makes a lot of sense. And we have been working on TAM 
expansion as well as tapping into these new areas, which is resulting in this 
kind of growth. 
 
Now if you look at the ancillary attach rate of 29% or if you look at our 
repeat transaction rate, right, which again, has always been in the 80s, even 
if you look at our DRHP today, it's 85.8%, close to 86% of our transactions in 
FY '25 were done by repeat bookers. 
 
That's just a testament to the kind of stickiness that we have built. Was it 
built by spending money on brand or by discounting? No, right? So am I 
worried about if anybody decides to do that in this market? No, because 
that's not my moat. And that will never be my moat, if you ask me. Yes, 
those things will accelerate my growth as well if I do that. 
 
And brand is something we are already talking about how we are doubling 
down on in proportion to revenue growth. But to understand our business, 
one has to understand why we do the things that we do, right? And that's 
the answer. Rajnish, you want to add something? 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes. Since it's a philosophical question, I wanted to give a philosophical 
answer to this question as well. So the short answer to your question, 
whether somebody can copy us, is yes, of course, people can copy us. And 
there's no surprise in that. But the reason why we feel that we will keep 
innovating and we will keep being ahead of the curve is because this 
extreme sense of customer obsession that we have built the DNA around, it 
allows us to be extremely close to customers and their problems, and we 
always have our ears to the ground, listening to what customers want and 
what their problems are. So we don't have to go looking out for what to 
solve for. We already know what we need to solve for next because of this 
obsession. 
 
The only issue now is what is the right problem to solve is. And I think it's not 
really about solving a problem, given a problem, anybody can solve it, but 
this is more about solving the right problem at the right time and 
additionally having the courage to say that you are going to spend 
disproportionate amount of time, resources in solving a problem, which 
might not give you immediate ROI in terms of revenues, profits, etc. 
 
And for the company, it takes courage to do that. But you might have seen 
that some of those investments we have made in the past, have yielded 
results like after years or months or quarters, right? And this is the reason 
why we do what we do, right? And that's the reason why we don't have to 
look outside for what we need to do next. Most of the time, what happens is 
that we do something, and yes, people would copy us. That's something that 
it's unavoidable, right? 
 
​
Page 20 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Harikesh V:​
Yes. Okay. I think that the last part on premiumization, in case you have 
some insights from some cohorts which you are looking at, which are higher 
than the average in terms of what I was looking for as a multiple service and 
premiumization. If there is something. 
  
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes. See the whole point of premiumization in our country is that, so one 
thing that people fail to understand is that generally, if people don't have 
enough purchasing power, it doesn't mean that they can't spend enough. It 
just means that people are not price conscious, really in the real sense of the 
word. They're more value-conscious. They value what they're purchasing, 
they value their money more, right? And hence, they are people who are 
willing to spend, let's say, INR 100 to kind of protect their ticket, and travel or 
people who really want to travel are willing to spend some amount of money 
and say that they would want to purchase Travel Guarantee. And we, as a 
company, would create a product, and say that, yes, we would ensure that 
we would be able to take you from point A to point B, come what may. If you 
won't be able to go in train, we will put you in a flight or in a bus and we will 
make you travel. 
 
So the purpose of the Travel Guarantee was to help people get to their 
destination, irrespective of the mode of transport. And then people are 
willing to pay an additional price for that or for free cancellation or for Price 
Lock or for Abhi Assured, like any of these products. And this is the trend of 
premiumization, because when you create value and customers are willing 
to pay for it, and they have the loyalty and trust built into you and the 
purchasing power as we see is increasing, we see more and more people 
keep on buying these value-added services and products that they are 
building.  
 
And that trend is secular like we talked about. I think we are seeing this 
happen across the board. We are seeing people move from flights from 
process and trains and upgrading to flights. We are seeing like a lot of 
first-time flyers in our ecosystem as well, because of the same trend. So yes, 
premiumization is real. It's happening, and I think there's an accelerated 
trend around that. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Harikesh, I have given you an ancillary attachment rate at 29.23%. The 
reason you ask about the comparison, I can't give it because nobody else has 
this disclosure. As you are a great broking house, I would want you to ask 
other companies to have disclosures, so that we can compare better, but my 
point rests there. 
 
Harikesh V:​
Sure, Saurabh. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
​
Page 21 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Manik Taneja:​
Hi, thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations for continuing to 
accelerate in terms of growth through the recent quarters. I don't know if my 
question has already been asked, because I got cut off in between. And you 
have already answered about what drove the improvement in take rates on 
the bus side, but it will be great to essentially understand the improvement 
in take rates on the air side, and how that's translating into the contribution 
margins for the segment, given they are possibly the highest in over 5 or 6 
quarters? And how should we be thinking about this trend going forward? 
And the second question is basically with regard to ESOP expenses on a 
go-forward basis, given the new approval that you have taken. Those would 
be my 2 questions. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Hi Manik, thanks a lot. There are 2 points to your question. One part is 
where you have talked about the contribution margins for the Flight 
segment being highest over many segments, I don't think that's the case. 
 
Manik Taneja:​
No I said many quarters.  
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Many quarters. Remember, look, part of it it is not out of any range, which is 
there. In fact, if anything, I have been investing on growth there. A couple of 
things on the take rate part. One of the take rate parts is if you see my flight 
take rate is mathematical, like it's for many people, where a large part of my 
take rate is fixed, and the underlying flight price decides what my take rate 
would be.  
 
So if you go back a couple of years and see the range of take rates that we 
have given, hence, it's the variance in the take rate is there, because it's the 
underlying price and it's how my mix moves, because as the core of our 
business still lies outside the top 4 metros, my underlying price would be, is 
spread across different places. 
 
The other part with Slide 2 is what Rajnish mentioned with the bus answer. 
And it's the products that we have, it's the optimization coming of age of the 
value-added products, where they've been starting to improve, and which 
are giving you an improvement, and also the cross-functional advantage that 
we are getting with products like PG adding on to this.  
 
Rajnish, would you want to add on the product side on this? 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
No, I think on the flight side, the contribution margin, if you talk about why it 
has improved, obviously, there are new value-added services that we have 
built, like Price Lock, which is also contributing in some way. But there are 
existing value-added services as well, which are getting optimized further as 
our algorithms start seeing more and more data and keep optimizing and 
improving the algorithms. So I think a combination of all of those things is 
what is causing this. I think, overall, the ancillary attach rates are optimal. I 
think the pricing algorithm attach rate, it's something that needs to be 
optimized at an algorithm level to make sure that it kind of derives the best 
​
Page 22 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
value for us. And I think that is a work that AI does beautifully. So we don't 
need to do much work here in that sense. And we see some of those 
benefits kind of coming in overtime as these algorithms keep maturing. 
 
Manik Taneja:​
Sorry to prod you on this one. Just to clarify, there may not be any element 
of one-off in terms of any one-time GDS incentives, in terms of true-up for 
the full year or similarly from a VAT standpoint in terms for Q4? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, Aloke here. There are no one-offs in there, just to clarify that. And 
typically, this kind of incentive, even if they come, are prorated across the 
period on which they are applicable, etc. So we don't recognize it as a 
one-off, typically even if they come. But more importantly, I think as a 
percentage, the Contribution Margin hasn't really grown if you see, in the 
last 3 quarters, our stated strategy has been that we are chasing market 
share growth on flights.  
 
We are doing it by allowing the percentage Contribution Margin to dip a bit, 
which it has, right? We used to be in the 50s at one point. And now if you 
see, it's come down from there. 
 
And as a result of also the things that Rajnish described, obviously, it hasn't 
dipped as much as what it would have if the AI hadn't kicked in, and sort of 
improved the attach rates and the value per ancillary sold, etc. So I think in 
that sense, we are striking a balance. We want to grow as fast as we can 
without our unit economics deteriorating, and I think we are happy with 
what we are able to produce now. 
 
Manik Taneja:​
Sure. And the last one was for Saurabh in terms of the ESOP cost going 
forward.  
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Yes. ESOP cost going forward, sometime back, I told you that we would be 
roughly within the range of around 20 maximum. It might go slightly above 
20, because as we have already declared, we have got a target-based 
incentive plan, which the shareholders have voted on. But it will be 
approximately the same pin code, which is there. And remember, in the new 
ESOP, which we have got, you can read through the filing. Now that it's 
public, it doesn't get kicked in until the market cap limits are reached. 
 
And what we have also done, and it's an important thing that we have talked 
about this ESOP plan too. So I thank you for asking this question. So in our 
case, what we have tried to do is to make this fair in terms of we have got a 
VWAP over a month, over 30 days as criteria. We have got a market cap 
criteria. We have got a time-based criterion on this to just ensure that it's 
not unfair to anybody on this plan. But you can get much more details in the 
filings that we have done on this, but it will be around that going forward. 
 
Manik Taneja:​
Sure. Thank you, and all the best for the future. 
 
​
Page 23 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhil from Hornbill Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Good evening, and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So you have 
grown nearly 40% in revenues this year. And clearly, the industry is not doing 
so well. And you have had 2 years of post-COVID boom, and now we have 
had a great quarter for the Maha Kumbh. How do you see this going ahead 
in the next few years? Because these are very high numbers. You are clearly 
gaining market share. Your competitors are not growing as fast. So what 
gives you confidence that you can sustain such numbers? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
So first of all, I don't know if you have seen our growth trajectory over the 
last 6 years, right? Like if you go back to pre-COVID and look at where ixigo is 
today, we are at 23x of the revenue that we had in FY '19, right? And our 
CAGR is like 68%. Even during COVID, we were continuing to grow. We have 
not had a single down year. And I think some of the things we have 
described earlier today are factors that have been driving that growth, which 
is our ability to grow user base through product-led growth as well as 
monetize through value-added services and cross-sell, upsell better. 
 
Now if I speak about the industry, right, like I think we have to break it in 2 
parts, right? So we are not just in the ticketing business. If you think about 
ixigo, right, we didn't start out as being an OTA. Even today, we are not your 
typical OTA, right? Let's put it that way. We have a large utility-based reason 
for people to come to us. 
 
We monetize through avenues that are built on top, and create a new TAM. 
The value-added services, I believe, create a new TAM, which didn't exist 
earlier, and allow us to sort of grow disproportionately faster by tapping into 
that new TAM. And I think if you look at the industry, I will actually not agree 
with what you said, like if I look at how the incumbent is growing, and if I 
look at how the overall market is growing, it's pretty healthy. 
 
If you look at categories like buses, it's actually growing all around, right? It's 
not just us. If you look at flights, I think, barring the supply constraints that 
exist, the demand is there. It's very strong. People are paying a premium on 
fares year-on-year and still flying 85%, 90% load factors, so it's nota  one-off. 
There is no major impact of Maha Kumbh. Like I said, it's a single-digit 
percentage GTV contributor. And I think even without that, we would have 
grown decently well, as we were growing even last year. 68% CAGR is what 
we are doing on revenue, if I look at the 6-year view. 
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Got it, Aloke, but that is the past. Now your base is much bigger. You are 
already probably the second largest OTA. So, do you feel confident that you 
can sustain the growth numbers on this basis as well? 
​
Page 24 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
This is Saurabh. The first thing I would say is we don't give forward-looking 
guidance. So I would not comment on any specific number. Having said that, 
yes, as I said at the end of my speech, as of right now, we believe that there 
are problems to solve and we will continue to solve them. And from what we 
see, we remain confident in our ability to solve problems. 
 
As a company, we have always believed that if we solve the right problems 
and if we do the right things for the customers, monetization will follow. The 
logic remains the same. Nothing has changed for us in that sense. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes. I would just like to add that we are still nascent in many categories that 
define how OTAs are built, right? So in those categories, I think we still have 
a lot of upside in the years to come waiting for us, right? So it's not like we 
are maxing out on growth. So on trains, we disclosed this last quarter, 58% 
share of the OTA market. We continue to grow at the speed that we do, 
right? So by that logic, we should have been tapering out. I think innovation 
is the reason why you can find new growth vectors. And I think this is a 
company that has always managed to find new growth vectors every year or 
two. 
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Got it. Got it. Thanks. That was very helpful. Lastly, on the Contribution 
Margin. So that has seen a slight dip this year as opposed to last year. So is it 
because the value-added service component has increased? Is that the 
reason or is it because your performance marketing has increased? Of 
course, we will find out in the annual report, but if you just throw some light 
on why the contribution margin has dipped? And how are you seeing 
performance marketing as a cost? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
So what we have said in a regular quarterly basis is that I look at 
performance marketing discount and branding as a combined customer 
inducement cost. And it will be between 3% to 3.5%, where I will remain 
comfortable on that. And in that sense, I kind of remain there. Yes, the 
combined number is at a higher end, but you should look at it in that range 
going forward. And probably in some sense, if you look at that in another 
context, what we mentioned earlier. 
 
So if you go back to our first quarter or say, first quarter call, at that point in 
time, as I said, buses were giving you a great Contribution Margin, and we 
had said that we would be investing in growth. The underlying business is 
growing, as in if I look at industry numbers, everybody talks about, OTAs 
being 18% CAGR, the world takes whoever you are using. And we believe 
that if that is the case, that the underlying business is growing this fast, it is 
time to invest. And that's what we are doing. We are investing. But I think 
the answer that you are looking for, if you go back to my FAQ 1 or 2 quarters 
back, you'll find it. 
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. And the result has been incredible, 
so congratulations once again. 
​
Page 25 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Thanks. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinarayan Mishra from 
Baroda BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
 
Shrinarayan Mishra:​
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was on the headroom that 
we have in terms of cross-selling. So if you can highlight what percentage of 
users are using either of the 2 services and what percentage are using all 
three 3 services, that will be great. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, so Aloke here. I think at this point, we don't disclose this particular 
metric, but it's a great input. Perhaps at some point, we should look at 
talking about it. What I can tell you is that there are 2 things you can track, 
which give you some sense of this. One is how fast we are able to grow in 
the flight and bus line of business. I think a very significant part of the 
answer lies in our ability to cross-sell, upsell better. And now with hotels 
also, we are seeing the ability, because, like Rajnish said, we are not 
spending any money outside our ecosystem to acquire users. 
 
So there is no brand or performance marketing, et cetera, we are doing for 
hotels at this point, largely whatever growth we are driving internally 
through cross-sell, upsell. And similar is the case with Zoop, so most of the 
food orders that we are doing there are now largely coming from within our 
ecosystem. And I think there is still a huge headroom. 
 
Just to give you one sense of this, right, there is still a significant number of 
people who use our apps, just for utility and do not book yet with us, right? I 
think the biggest headroom still for us, lies in that bucket. 
 
Shrinarayan Mishra:​
Okay. Okay. So, how much would that user base be, which is just for utility 
purposes?  
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, you can look at the MTU, MAU ratio, right? We have disclosed this in our 
presentation, if you go and see there, but we have basically crossed 4% 
there. It used to be early 3s. So we have managed to sort of increase that, 
which is a sign of, again, how well we are able to sell to our own users, right? 
 
Saurabh Singh:            
So, the top of the funnel if you see on a monthly basis, it's our MAUs, it's 82 
million, we have got monthly actives, which is the top of the funnel, and that is the potential which 
you are talking about. 
 
Shrinarayan Mishra:​
Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And second question was on the Bus segment. So 
will it be possible for you to give the market share geographically? So I was 
trying to gauge how the Bus segment, where this growth will be coming 
from?  
 
​
Page 26 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
See, the Bus segment, the good news is that there are 3 things happening 
there. One is supply expansion, which is that existing operators are adding 
new buses, and new operators are coming in. So we had the likes of FlixBus, 
NueGo, Fresh Bus, et cetera, entering the market in the last couple of years. 
We have existing operators like even Intercity, Zingbus and all who have 
added supply in the last couple of years. 
 
The second thing is the premiumization, which we were talking about, which 
is moving from non-AC to AC buses, moving from just government to private 
as well. Those 2 things are also happening. 
 
The third part, which is penetration, is that only under 20% of bus tickets get 
booked online today. And that sort of penetration number will move over 
time, right, because in other verticals, that's much higher. But on buses, 
there is still a lot of scope to move this metric as the market expands. 
 
So experience will matter a lot, because it's a very last fitted product, right? 
So it's the last people who typically realize that they need to book a bus in 
the last 2, 3 days. So I think a lot of it is being able to target the right user at 
the right time. And also get the experience right, so that people come and 
book with you. And on the experience, we have launched a few things, 
maybe Rajnish can talk about, which are also helping this expansion. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
So, on the experience, as you would have noticed that our ratings from the 
app store, at least for AbhiBus have been constantly increasing. We are at 
almost 4.8 now. This is something that is proof of the fact that the product 
experience has significantly improved. 
 
And some of the examples of the things that we have done are things like 
Bus Insights that we talked about in the call, which have significantly 
improved the confidence of customers trying to book a ticket. Abhi Assured 
was one such product we built in the past, which has helped us build that 
confidence in customers to book with confidence, right, whether you get 
cancelled or not and whether for service level reasons, etc.  
 
You will never be let down all of it seems to be refunded, most of it or even 
more than that in certain situations, where service level promises were not 
delivered. So this has always been our effort, and I think we have been using 
now, AI tech and data science, all the more to kind of create these kinds of 
experiences where we can predict exactly what bus gets assigned to you, 
what case the bus has, etc. And people can kind of make that decision. 
 
The problem with buses as a category is always because the inventory is so 
fragmented and unpredictable that you generally don't know what kind of 
bus you'll get, or what the experience of travel experience will be. Giving 
people that kind of insights, using Bus Insights product is helping people 
make that decision and is letting them book with confidence.  
 
​
Page 27 of 28 

                                                                      Le Travenues Technology Limited - May 14, 2025 
 
 
 
So we are seeing that kind of product and features also result in revenue and 
margins, although the intent was just to solve customer problems, right? But 
the side effect was that it led to better stickiness, it led to better conversion 
rates , and then eventually, we were able to kind of drive higher revenues 
and margins. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's 
conference call. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Thank you. I would like to thank everybody who has joined the call today, 
and we will speak to you again very soon. Have a great day, good night, 
depending on where you are. Take care. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
​
Page 28 of 28 
