IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
www.ifglgroup.com 
Head & Corporate Office: McLeod House 
3 Netaji Subhas Road, Kolkata 700 001, India 
Tel: +91 33 4010 6100  |  Email: ifgl.ho@ifgl.in 
Registered Office: Sector B, Kalunga Industrial Estate 
P.O. Kalunga, Dist. Sundergarh, Odisha 770 031, India 
Tel: +91 661 266 0195  |  Email: ifgl.works@ifgl.in 
CIN: L51909OR2007PLC027954 
2nd June, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
BSE Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Mumbai 400 001 
Code :  IFGLEXPOR   
Code: 540774 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Further to our letter dated 21st May 2025 and 26th May 2025, please find enclosed herewith transcript 
of Earnings Conference Call on Q4FY2425/FY2425, held on Monday, 26th May, 2025. A copy of this 
is also being hosted on Company's Website: https://ifglgroup.com/investor/meetings-reports/ . 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For IFGL Refractories Limited. 
(Mansi Damani) 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
Mansi 
Damani
Digitally signed 
by Mansi 
Damani 
Date: 2025.06.02 
18:29:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
“IFGL Refractories Limited
Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on May 26, 2025 will prevail.
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAMES MCINTOSH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
MR. ARASU SHANMUGAM – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER INDIA – IFGL REFRACTORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – IFGL 
REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAHIL SANGHVI – MONARCH NETWORTH 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to IFGL Refractories Limited Q4 and FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. This conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listener-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Thank you, Steve. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, I welcome 
you all to the Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of IFGL Refractories Limited. We are pleased 
to have with us the management being represented by Mr. James McIntosh, Managing Director 
Mr. Arasu Shanmugam, Director and CEO, India; and Mr. Amit Agarwal,  Chief Financial 
Officer. We will have the opening remarks from the management, followed by a Q&A session. 
Thank you, and over to the management, please. 
James McIntosh: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on the IFGL Refractories Limited 
Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. I hope you and your family and friends are in good 
health. Along with me on the call, we have our Director and CEO India, Mr. Arasu Shanmugam; 
Mr. Amit Agarwal, our CFO; and SGA, our Investor Relations advisors. We have uploaded the 
results and presentation on the stock exchanges, and I hope everyone have had a chance to go 
through the same. 
 
FY '25 has been another defining year for IFGL Refractories, a year that tested our resilience, 
challenged our capabilities and at the same time, laid a solid foundation for our future. It was a 
year marked by both external headwinds and internal transformation, and I'd like to take a few 
moments to walk you through both aspects. 
 
We operated in a highly volatile and unpredictable overseas environment. Fluctuating steel 
prices, global inflationary pressures and overall economic instability, created significant 
headwinds across our subsidiary markets. We continue to invest in building our team and 
infrastructure to take all of this forward meaningfully. However, it's our expansion into new 
segments, scaling up recycling initiatives and strengthening our domestic and overseas 
manufacturing footprint, having the right people, capabilities and systems in place is essential, 
and that continues to be a top priority for us. 
 
Amidst the global challenges, our financial performance demonstrated stability and resilience. 
On a consolidated basis, we achieved modest Total Income growth of 1% for the full year, with 
EBITDA margins at 8.7%. For the fourth quarter Total Income grew by 13% and margins stood 
at 8.2%. On a stand-alone basis, we delivered our highest ever full year Total Income  of INR 
1,014 crores, marking an 11% year-on-year growth with strong EBITDA margins of 1% In 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
quarter 4, our standalone Total Income  increased by 26% to INR 273 crores with margins at 
15%.  
 
As many of you are aware, several international markets, particularly Europe, faced significant 
headwinds during the year. Our operations in Germany were amongst the most impacted with 
weak demand in the foundry segment contributing to a subdued performance. The broader 
business sentiment in the region remains cautious. However, I want to highlight the efforts of 
our Hofmann team who, despite the downturn, remain focused on product development and 
technology upgrades. They have successfully identified new application avenues for our foundry 
products. 
 
While market conditions remain tentative, especially in Europe, we continue to monitor 
developments closely and take prudent timely steps to ensure operational alignment and 
readiness for recovery. 
 
Coming to our U.S. operations, which experienced a decline primarily due to sluggish demand, 
we are now seeing early signs of a recovery. In recent policy direction from President Trump, 
emphasizing Make in  America and proposing tariff protections, it is expected to be positive for 
the domestic manufacturing and improve the steel production landscape. 
 
Moving to our U.K. operations. Sheffield Refractories showed tremendous resilience in its 
results in a difficult market, especially with British Steel, who are now a major customer. We 
are very confident Sheffield growth will continue to strengthen through new markets, opening a 
wider European mills. 
 
For Monocon, at the beginning of this year, we had a major management change with a view to 
reposition the company, especially in the research and technical side of the refractories. And 
over the coming months, we'll continue to develop the market penetration of new product 
development approaches. This, we view as very exciting time for the company and have 
allocated a dedicated capex budget to drive upgrades, improve efficiencies and support business 
development efforts. 
 
Encouragingly, we are beginning to see initial signs of recovery in the region, and we believe 
this, coupled with our internal efforts, will enable a gradual turnaround in performance over the 
next few quarters. 
 
So in summary, we remain confident in the growth prospects of both our domestic and 
international operations. While the global landscape remains uncertain and warrants a cautious 
approach, we have used this period of volatility to restructure and optimize our international 
businesses, ensuring that we are well positioned to respond swiftly when the opportunities 
emerge. 
 
Before I conclude, I'm pleased to share some important updates regarding shareholder returns. 
The Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of INR 7 per equity share, including a final 
dividend of INR 1 per equity share of face value INR 10, representing a 70% payout for FY 
2024-25, reflecting our continued commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Additionally, the Board has approved a bonus issue subject to shareholder and regulatory 
approvals. The proposed bonus is in the ratio of 1:1, meaning 1 bonus equity share of INR 10 
each will be issued for every 1 fully paid equity share held. This move underscores our 
confidence in the company's growth trajectory and our intent to reward shareholders for their 
continued support. 
 
With this, now I would like to hand over to Arasu for his comments. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Thank you, Jim. I am pleased to share that we delivered a 26% revenue growth on a stand-alone 
basis for the fourth quarter and an 11% growth for the full year. This strong performance was 
largely driven by our focus on the Indian market, a strategic shift we initiated few years ago and  
that is now yielding tangible sustained results. Historically, IFGL's stand-alone business was 
heavily export oriented with around 60 to 70 percentage of revenue coming from overseas 
markets. 
 
However, recognizing the immense potential of India as the world's fastest-growing steel and 
infrastructure economy, we made a deliberate and prudent decision to realign our strategy and 
invest more aggressively in domestic opportunities. 
 
Today, we feel proud to share that our domestic stand-alone business grew by 27% this quarter 
and 20% for the full year. Over the past few years, we have consistently delivered 20% plus 
year-on-year growth in this segment. As a result, our domestic business now constitutes over 70 
percentage of our stand-alone revenue, a complete reversal from where we were just a few years 
ago. Exports now account for approximately 28% to 30%, and we continue to serve our global 
customers with the same commitment, but from a more diversified balanced base. 
 
We entered a non-ferrous refractory segment; a move we believe holds immense promise for the 
future. This was not a tactical shift, but a well-planned strategic expansion aimed at diversifying 
our product portfolio as a measure of spreading risk. 
 
We are also actively exploring new opportunities in cement, glass, coke and other nonferrous 
refractory applications, which are expected to become important contributors to our future 
growth. We are currently working on a technology transfer from our Sheffield refractories 
operations, particularly in the iron segment to our Indian facilities. We expect this technology 
transfer to be completed by this quarter, first quarter, which will enhance our product capabilities 
and cost efficiency in India. 
 
A major milestone was the formation of joint venture in December. This JV will allow us to 
enter and scale rapidly in high potential sectors such as cement, glass, nonferrous metal and coal 
gasification industry. The estimated project cost is INR 300 crores. We have already acquired 
land in Bhachau, in Kutch District of  Gujarat, which is a critical step towards long-term 
expansion strategy. The development work is currently underway in the newly acquired land. In 
the ferrous segment, we continue to maintain strong traction, securing orders from leading steel 
majors and mills. 
 
Our research center plays a critical role in the development of high-performance refractory 
products with ongoing technology transfer from our United Kingdom subsidiary in Sheffield 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Refractories enriching our product pipeline. Our refractory recycling program is also something 
which we are focusing on this, the key driver of circular economy. This is also aligned with 
global environmental priorities and aims to significantly reduce input costs and improve 
margins. 
 
Moving forward, we made meaningful progress in expanding our manufacturing capabilities and 
backward integration with the following developments. We commissioned and stabilized our 
alumina product line and fully commissioned a state-of-the-art Continuous Casting Flux plant 
in Visakhapatnam; operationalized a new Tar Impregnation Plant at our Kalunga unit; secured 
government approval for land at Khurdha, Odisha, where establishment of a manufacturing 
facility for producing DBM bricks. 
 
So while we continue to strengthen and scale in our 4-decade-old ferrous business, we are also 
laying the foundation in the nonferrous segment, which we believe has tremendous headroom 
for growth in the years to come. Our domestic strategy continues to deliver strong results, and 
we believe that our disciplined execution, diversified product portfolio and investment in people 
and technology will continue to be our biggest strength in navigating the road ahead, both in 
India and globally. With this, I hand over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, our CFO, for financial 
performance. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Sir. Let me just give you a brief on the financials. Starting with the stand-alone 
financial highlights. Total income in Q4 for FY '25 stood at INR 273 crores registering a strong 
26% year-on-year growth. For full year, we delivered our highest ever total income of INR 1,014 
crores, making an 11% increase over FY '24. EBITDA for the quarter was INR 40.5 crores, 
reflecting a 7% year-on-year growth. 
 
For full year, EBITDA stood at INR 140 crores. EBITDA margins were 14.8% for quarter 4 and 
13.8% for the full year. Profit after tax came at INR 16.9 crores in quarter 4, an increase of 9% 
year-on-year. For FY '25, PAT was at INR 57.6 crores. 
 
Breaking it down further by geography, our domestic business recorded a robust 27% year-on-
year growth in FY '25 quarter 4 and a 20% increase for the full year, reaching INR 721 crores. 
The domestic market now contributes 72% of our stand-alone revenue in FY '25, up from 67% 
in FY '24. Our export business delivered a 36% growth in quarter 4 of FY '25, indicating some 
early signs of recovery in select markets. 
 
However, on a full year basis, export declined by 6%, totalling INR 277 crores, largely due to 
economic slowdown and demand compression across key overseas markets. As a result, export 
contributed 29% to our stand-alone revenue in FY '25, down from 33%  in last year. 
 
Let me move forward to consolidated financial highlights. Our consolidated financial highlights 
also include our international subsidiaries. Total income for quarter 4 FY '25 grew by 13% year-
on-year, reaching INR 452 crores. For the full year FY '25, our total income stood at INR 1,670 
crores, reflecting a modest 1% growth in the globally challenging environment. Our EBITDA 
came at INR 37 crores for the quarter and for the full year, EBITDA stood at INR 146 crores. 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
EBITDA margins were 8.2% in quarter 4 and 8.7% margin for FY '25. Profit after tax stood at 
INR 8 crores for quarter 4 and INR 43 crores for full year. With respect to liquidity position, we 
had a debt of INR 32.99 crores with a strong balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents stood at 
INR 169.35 crores on a consolidated basis as on March '25. Our ROCE stood at 6.3% and ROE 
at 3.9%. With this, I shall now leave the floor open for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch 
Networth. Please go ahead.  
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Many congratulations for the growth that you've delivered on the stand-alone business. I just 
wanted some bit of more details on what has been the driver for this growth? I mean I understand 
it's coming largely from the domestic market. But is it all the existing products? Or is it some 
contribution from the new products, which were these products? And is it because of some of 
the new capacities set up, like steel plants is there where we had new dispatches going? Some 
bit of more details on this growth, sir? And how sustainable is this? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Yes. See, it is basically if you look at our Vishakhapatnam work, we have ramped up. I mean 
the magnesia carbon brick business, which was not there earlier, now we started that. And also, 
we have acquired new customers where TTM. I mean earlier, it used to be 9, 10 sites, now it has 
become 17. So it is basically growth in our iron and steel sector, which is a strong sector for us 
as well as  FY '24, if you look at there was no sales from non-ferrous sector. And this year, we 
have close to INR 8 crores to INR 10 crores, we have done as a new, which are all seeds of 
future growth. 
 
So it is both entry into the new with a modest way, which also added and our ramping up of by 
Vishakhapatnam plant in both brick business as well as some of our existing product, 
multiplication of customers for additional revenue. These are the 3 major drivers which helped 
us in securing 11% growth on annual basis. Have I answered your question? 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Yes, sir. Just a bit more follow-up on that. So sir, non-ferrous side, which are these products that 
we are selling on the nonferrous side? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Now, right now, the nonferrous side, the products are alumina monolithic and alumina bricks, 
alumina bricks was something new FY '25 IFGL entered into. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
 Right, sir. Right, sir. And can you give a rough number as to all the new products that we've 
started in FY '25, what kind of revenue it might have contributed, maybe a percentage or some 
understanding on how the new products are shaping up? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
So I'll have to dig into the details like alumina bricks and monolithic in non-ferrous sector, 
roughly, as I was mentioning, around INR 10 crores. And then other product and the 
enhancement of the business is existing; I need to take the exact numbers. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And about the magnesia carbon bricks and mold flux powder, I think that -- how well are they 
contributing, sir? Or will they ramp now? 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
For example, we were doing no brick business in the earlier. But after July, I mean, up to, I think 
-- after August '24, we started supplying around 400 tonnes per month, something like that. So... 
Amit Agarwal: 
2,400 tonne. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Correct. So these are the thing. And casting flux, yes, they are just on the level of now only 400 
tonne month level, but we have the potential to go up to 1,500 tonnes. But it is still on ramp-up. 
And it has got its own business development cycle because it is most critical operation in the 
customer end, which directly affects their final product quality. So consciously, we have taken 
and some of the initial success have already come, and we are expecting ramp-up a little faster 
than what has happened in FY '25 in coming years. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Interesting, sir. That's very good effort from your side. Sir, last question from my side, sir, is 
that what is your target for capex in FY '26 and '27, I mean, the magnitude, if you can indicate 
how much you'll spend? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
We have roughly calculated the cash outflow is expected to be something close to INR 55 crores, 
though we will take up a capex of close to INR 90 crores, which will spill into FY '27 also. This 
is all the regular capex, what I mentioned in existing plants. Continuously, there has to be quality 
enhancement, productivity enhancement of the existing product line, okay? 
 
This is the first one. And . But naturally, the greenfield project, which we have already planned 
for Khurdha project, which will also come. So I think I would ask Amit to give kind of cash flow 
we are estimating for FY '26 on new projects. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So Khurdha, we'll be spending around INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores this year, and the rest will 
be spent in the next year. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Following year. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Following year. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Go ahead, Amit, sir. Please complete. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. And some additional fund will be diverted to the JV, which we have just started working 
on it. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
So roughly INR 100 crores to INR 150 crores will be the capex roughly for FY '26 in total? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Roughly correct. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And similar number will continue for '27? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Slightly more because in Khurdha, we will be spending more than INR 50 crores because that 
time, almost our activity will be at the peak in FY '27. 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank from Asian Market Securities. 
Mayank: 
Sir, what about this working capital thing. This year, we have seen a very sharp increase in 
working capital. Could you just throw some light on that? And how it would be in '26, '27? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, it's because of the some stock we have built up strategically and we have new operation 
added, Vizag operation. So there are some stock and some amount of stock, we say, we have 
received a bit early than expected. So this has added to the increase in the working capital, but I 
think this is a temporary one, and we'll work on it to reduce it further. 
Mayank: 
Reduce it further to the earlier number? 
Amit Agarwal: 
At the earlier level. So as we are on the ramp-up, this has happened. 
Mayank: 
Okay. So this is related to which plant, Visakhapatnam? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. This Visakhapatnam, we have added 2 lines. Then in Rourkela , we have received 
some stock early. Then this quarter, we have increased sales also. So these all have added to it. 
Mayank: 
Okay. And sir, on this Foundry business in the Hofmann, what is the view because one of the 
competitor has given very negative outlook on the foundry businesses. 
James McIntosh: 
Yes, it is negative. I mean, as I said in the speech there, we feel that we'll get some new products 
that we'll be working on that could bring us some nice areas. However, with the change in 
government and -- especially in Germany, we believe that especially in the infrastructure 
investment and also in the military investment announced by the German government that this 
could be positive for us because obviously, foundries are involved in these areas. So hopefully, 
we will start to see some turnaround. 
 
We had a good -- very good month in April. But obviously, that's for next year. But generally 
speaking, it's a fair statement that the competitor has made. It's a very difficult position in 
Foundry and has been through the whole of last year. 
Mayank: 
And you expect this to improve next year? 
James McIntosh: 
I wish I had a crystal ball, and I could tell you; we believe that there are positive statements 
made by the German government that could be positive for the Foundry industry. We have to 
see if they come to fruition and whether the rest of Europe follows suit and invest in a similar 
fashion. And if they do, then we believe this could be positive. But obviously, that's for 
governments to decide. 
Mayank: 
Okay. And sir, on this dead burn bricks magnesia, magnesite bricks and of course, the cement 
bricks in which you are getting -- you are doing expansion. What is our strategy to counter the 
Chinese competition like what pricing -- at what pricing we will be selling those? Anything you 
can highlight on that front? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
You see, there are 2 projects what you mentioned. So I would say we are going to be in a market 
where a number of players are going to be maximum 3, and we become 1 among 3. So we will 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
have a better negotiating abilities in this market. And we are also very, very bullish about the 
profitability of this product. That's what we can explain now for time being. But as we move 
closer to frutification of the project, we'll come out with further details. But otherwise, this is 
not going to be a market where it is crowded like other commodities. 
Mayank: 
Dead burnt brick is a market of almost INR400 crores, INR500 crores is what is it? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
No, no. Come again, not clear. 
Mayank: 
What is the size of -- market size of dead burn bricks in India? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
See, that whatever dead burnt bricks, what I mentioned is like, it's like almost the capacity of the 
plant, what we are now looking in our project capacity, that exactly the same number is available 
as a market potential right now. By the time we reach the commissioning of the plant, the growth 
and other things which are projected, we are going to have double the potential of that our plant. 
 
So right now, these are the things like, for example, our plant is going to be 21,000 tonnes. So 
the market potential by that time will be double this, 44,000 tonnes. So we have double the 
market as a potential for us to enter when our plant is going to be ready. So it is well-established 
market and then -- and we have a tremendous opportunity there. 
Mayank: 
So you are saying only 2 or 3 players will be there in this? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
No, in this will be almost, including us, it will be 2 players and a very meager... 
James McIntosh: 
I think for me, any time that you start to talk about detail like that is not a good thing. And really 
here, we are talking about a market which we have identified as a highly concentrated market. 
Normally in a highly concentrated market, you can expect pricing to be much better. You can 
expect the capability of the supplier to have a stronger capability than the buyer. There are a 
number of positives that we've identified, and moving into this market. And I think that's enough 
said. We don't want to go into too much detail here. 
Mayank: 
Okay. And lastly, on the raw material prices movement, like this margin in the Q4 that you have 
seen, has it stabilized or there is more to be seen because of the recent price upward movement 
that we are seeing in -- again, in the alumina as well as in the fused magnesia and all. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
So fused magnesia as far as is concerned, there are some power cost increase from the places 
where the source we are getting. So we are expecting that. But by that time, we are also expecting 
to cover it up with some kind of price increase from our customers because as now it has become 
almost evident that customers are also aware of this. So yes, there will be some volatility on raw 
material side as we move forward, and we are hoping to cover it up by the major portion passing 
it on to customer. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Bharat Sheth: 
To dwell upon, I mean, in your opening remarks, you said that we are transferring the technology 
for iron side of the business from Sheffield and entering into the non-ferrous. Sir, in both sides 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
our competitive landscape, market opportunity and how we are placed among the competitive 
player. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
So you have talked about 2 markets which are distinctly different. One is iron side; another one 
is non-ferrous. So I'll come to iron side first. IFGL historically, we are more concentrating, 
focusing on the large portion of value addition in many iron and steel making, which are actually 
at the end of value chain, which is in tundish and the bottom of the ladle. So that is our major 
concentration so far. And as I was explaining, with the brick plant in Visakhapatnam, we have 
now taken steps to enter inside ladle through ladle lining, which is magnesia-carbon bricks. 
 
And the one area where absolutely we were not there is iron. That is the blast furnace when the 
hot metal is tapped outside and it runs through the casting -- cast house, it is called cast house 
trough. You would have heard the word trough, the trough and cast house. The technology, what 
we were talking about is on the cast house refractory, which is generally awarded in long terms, 
anywhere between 1-year and 3-year term and it is given on rupees per tonne of throughput of 
hot metal for INR2 million, INR3 million kind of -- that's the kind of contract. 
 
But if you look at in India now, there are not many players. There are only 2 players who are 
actively involved in it and many customers have expressed additional alternate vendor, and that's 
where we come with a very successful track record of doing this business in the U.K. with 
customers like Tata Steel, British Steel and many other customers very well established over 3 
decades. And we come with credibility in such a manner that customers are aware of our -- the 
original technology providers' performance everywhere. 
 
And it is something like when are you bringing this to India. It's like -- I would say it's like a 
pull instead of push from our side. So that's why we are very bullish, but we want to take the 
preparations and other things in such a manner that we go to the first contract with full 
confidence. So as far as the confidence is concerned, we are going to build it over and the 
opening, yes, I mean, will not be an issue. This is what on the iron side. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And sir, what is that -- I mean, over a 3-year time frame, one has to look at, I mean, the 
opportunity. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
In 3 years down the line, I think, there will be a lot of new blast furnaces also where we will 
have opportunity from the beginning. So I mean, we are anywhere looking at somewhere like 
INR 25 crores to INR 30 crores revenues through this product line. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sorry, I missed what number you said, sir? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Around, let's say, in 3 years down the line, especially it's around INR 25 crores to INR 30 crores. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And then non-ferrous side, what is the opportunity? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Non-steel side, as we are talking about once when the project is ready, there the ramp-up will 
take place, which can go up to -- as we have indicated earlier also, it's around INR 200 crores. 
And now we have just started. 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, if you can give a little more colour on the JV. How that JV will play out? And 
what is the strength of that JV will be? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Since I already mentioned in the previous question, like this JV will yield the position where 
again, like Mr. McIntosh mentioned, it is also another concentrated market where only 3 players, 
including us, will be there, and we will have a better negotiating capability. And cement growth 
is also very bullish. Somewhere we are at 500 million to 550 million tonne cement producer in 
India. By coming '29, '30, this number is going to be 900 million. 900 million so the market is 
growing faster and the 3 players will be there because that gives us a big opportunity for 
headroom for growth. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Great, sir. And sir, if I have to look back, I mean, say, from 3 years' perspective, how do 
we see our EBITDA margin, which was, of course, I mean high double digit where we said it is 
not sustainable now, but coming to mid-single digits. So sustainable kind of EBITDA margin, 
how do we think about it? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
See, I mean, as I was telling these 2 projects, like our conventional product mix whatever we 
have, as we said, it's going to be around 14% is the guidance stand-alone. But these projects, the 
one project what we are talking about for non-ferrous, cement and other market is expected to 
deliver not less than 20% on EBITDA margin. But whereas on the DBM, it is even will go as 
high as 29% to 30%. 
 
So as we grow in our conventional product mix plus addition of this high margin, I think our -- 
on a conservative basis, protecting 14% plus throughout in stand-alone basis is a clear 
possibility, clear possibility. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And last question to our McIntosh, James, sir. How do we see, I mean, turnaround of -- I 
mean, if not, I mean, making substantial profit, but [inaudible 0:40:46] bidding of the subsidiary? 
James McIntosh: 
Sorry, could you repeat that? You seem to break up. I didn't have a complete question. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sorry. My question is related to, I mean, all international subsidiary, when do we see a kind of 
[inaudible 0:41:40 recovery] 1 year or 2-year time frame? And what exactly is required to happen 
that? 
James McIntosh: 
Yes. I mean, really, we believe that we will see a significant shift in the American market. As I 
said now with the President Trump coming in, he in his last term as President, created an 
excellent market condition in steel. And both of our businesses in the United States and Canada 
are obviously heavily invested in the steel industry. We believe a similar situation will occur. 
Already, we see an improvement. 
 
Right. That's a lot better now. No, as I was saying, we believe that America will be positive. So 
far, the beginning of next year has shown a very good situation for both of our American 
operations in terms of sales growth. And this is all of a result of our present customers, increasing 
their output, which is very, very positive. We believe that the overall long term during the Trump 
presidency will be positive for domestic manufacturing and domestic steel. 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
For the German industry, as I said earlier on regarding the Foundry, we hope that with the 
European changes and the investment in infrastructure and the RMs manufacturer, etc, we will 
see some positive developments in the Foundry industry. But as the present caller or the other 
caller had mentioned, the comments of the other competitors is absolutely true, and we also share 
that it's a very difficult situation. 
 
With regard to the industry, we believe that our Hofmann operation has utilized the time in the 
downturn very well. The plant infrastructure, everything in the company has done very well. We 
are ready to grow into any upturn in the industry, which comes. With regard to the U.K. 
operations, the Sheffield Refractories has had a very strong year, especially in a very difficult 
marketplace. We believe that the assistance of the U.K. government and the operation of British 
Steel is a big positive for our -- especially for our Sheffield operation, and this will result in a 
very positive effect on their profits this coming year. 
 
And we also have some new growth areas that we've been working on with Sheffield and our 
Monocon operation in the wider European markets, which look very positive. Monocon, as I 
mentioned in the speech, we had quite a significant management change. And the focus that we 
had in developing IFGL 3 years ago when we were looking at research, we were looking at 
various developments in the company and improvements and how we were approaching our 
business, especially with regard to the domestic. 
 
We are now going through a very similar process in Monocon, especially in the technical and 
research side, we had a major growth in personnel and focus on new product development, new 
market development and our sales strategy is focused on growing our personnel and people 
world wide. 
 
Already, we're starting to see some very good signs, very good signs from the point of view of 
trials, but we have to be realistic. And this will take a couple of quarters before we see significant 
changes to the Monocon operation. But the most important thing is that the development that we 
have there in terms of the company will be long term, very positive because it's bringing us more 
towards our core competence, which is in refractories rather than other product areas that 
Monocon were working on in the past. I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, the current participant has been disconnected. We'll move on to the next question. It's 
from the line of Harssh Shah from Dalal & Broacha. 
Harssh Shah: 
A few questions from my side. So firstly, if the management team could kind of help us 
understand what kind of strategic role would Mr. Mihir Bajoria would be kind of playing post 
his appointment as the Managing Director. Just wanted to understand the level of involvement 
he may have in the Indian operations. 
James McIntosh: 
As Managing Director, Mihir Bajoria will perform the same function as I had during my tenure 
as Managing Director of the company. Obviously, from the domestic Indian side, we have a very 
strong team under Arasu, who's our CEO in India and also a director. But below Arasu, we have    
a very strong executive team. And this team is the team which creates the decision-making and 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
the focus for our operations. We feel very strongly that Mihir Bajoria will add to the legacy of 
the company and strongly support the focus that we have for the domestic growth. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Secondly, any specific, say, timeline as to when would say the commercial 
production for the JV we have with Marvel Group start in which financial year or specific H1, 
H2, anything of that sort? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
FY '29, it starts delivering in FY '29. 
Harssh Shah: 
FY '29, the JV with Marvel? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Yes. I mean that means what? It will start somewhere in the FY’28. So the H2 of September, 
October. So that's the time to start commissioning of the plant. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. And the greenfield Odisha plant? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Almost in the similar time, it will parallelly run. So that also will come at the same time. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. Because I think we were of the opinion that it would kind of commence maybe in FY '28 
or to the end of '27? I mean, I think the previous calls that we had, I think they are indicating... 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Khurdha project will be exactly on the same line what we mentioned, like end of '27 or I mean, 
Q4 of FY '28?  
Amit Agarwal: 
End of the quarter FY '28. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Yes. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So I mean, has there been any sort of delays or this was something that you had 
already expected this in terms of timelines? 
James McIntosh: 
No, I think this was always the timeline. For me, the thing is that unfortunately, plants take time 
to build, and these are going to be big plants. I think that for me, the interesting thing from -- 
especially as Arasu mentioned earlier, when you look at Visakhapatnam, we made the decisions 
to do the work that we have now completed in Visakhapatnam what, 2 years ago. And already, 
we -- in the Visakhapatnam plant, Arasu, its already No. 2 in our operation in India, yes? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Yes. 
James McIntosh: 
Which is very positive. So the good thing about both of these plants, correct me if I'm wrong, 
Arasu, but the good thing about both of these plants is once we have the plants completed, and 
commissioned, the ramp-up in the business side, we believe will be very strong and very, very 
fast. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
You are absolutely right, like what Mr. Harssh Shah mentioned, now so in FY '28, we are going 
to start the Khurdha plant, where almost from the same time, the same year, even though mid of 
the year we start, but we will be almost 35% of the capacity utilization in the year 1, which is 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
absolutely a tremendous one. The next year, we are expecting the capacity utilization ramp up 
much faster. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. So meaning, say, before these 2 plants kind of come on stream. So is there a 
possibility that the stand-alone operations, right, till those 2 plants commence, can we grow at 
somewhere around 15% to 20% CAGR in the stand-alone operations only? 
Management: 
Absolutely. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Standalone operation, 20% growth year-on-year without these 2 projects are a complete 
possibility. And we have the plan for that. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. So basically, then when you say standard operations, so are we also including the 
refractories that are made in India and then exported. So we are including that also, right? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Absolutely. 
Harssh Shah: 
Yes. Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. So then my related question, then what would be the utilization 
-- overall utilization ballpark figure if you could give. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
On what? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Current utilization. 
Harssh Shah: 
Yes. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
See, plant utilization -- let's say, let me give you an idea just the refractories is a discrete product 
and line to line, it differs. For example, one line for slide gate and its accessories, we are almost 
now 90%, 99% capacity utilization where we have already taken up the expansion so that we 
don't miss out any future opportunities. And there are other areas like Purging  plug where we 
are a leader, we are already almost like 90 plus. And other areas, we are ramping up. 
 
So -- and the unit of measures for all these products are differing from -- if it is ISO, we measure 
in terms of number of pieces and slide gate, something is mentioned in pieces. So the overall 
number will always -- percentage will be a misleading one, which we don't want to get into. But 
the real profitable product line of our mix, they are all in excess of 70% to 80% capacity 
utilization. 
 
Other things like it is always a mix of product, you can -- you also understand that in a product 
where commodity type also we do like monolithic. There, the capacity utilization will be now 
from present level of around 25%, 30%, it will go up to 40%, 50% because we are also entering 
into other areas. 
 
So  it won't be prudent to give an overall number because the unit of measures and the discrete 
manufacturing of refractory will mislead us. 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Harssh Shah: 
Got it. Okay. And one question on the JV with the Marvel Group. So if I, I mean, have you all 
decided how the accounting treatment would be? Would it be like a line-to-line consolidation or 
would it be just reflected above the PBT line item? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, no, it will be line-to-line addition we have mentioned in our quarter 3. It's a subsidiary for 
us. 
Harssh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And last question from my side. So on the margin front, right, you did already 
mention previously that the 2 new projects that you have much better margin profile, right? So 
I mean, if one has to take a 3-year, 4-year kind of perspective, is it a good kind of a case that we 
can take wherein the stand-alone EBITDA margins, can we actually be much higher than, say, 
15%? Because 15%, if I look in Q4, they are already achieved, right? I mean with scale coming 
in with better margin, I think 15%, is it not a bit less that you are guiding for right now? 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
No, no. See, as I was mentioning, for utilization of the plant for economy of scale of various 
products like monolithic, which is absolutely commodity in nature. That will also grow in 
volume. So that will have a counter effect. That is why even when you are tripling your top line, 
you add up a product which are very high margin, which counters your commodity volume 
increase, which will have a kind of an effect, which will pull down. 
 
So -- but in spite of pulling down from 20% to 35%, 40%, 50% capacity utilization of a 
commodity in nature, which is very critical for our overall growth, but we are adding sweetener. 
I would call these 2 products or sweetener on the top line. That is how even when you are 
growing 1.5x, 2x of the revenue where you are today, you never miss out on overall guidance 
on EBITDA. I think you are getting me. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aryan Sharma from B&K Securities. 
Aryan Sharma: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. So assuming that all our capacities are completely ramped up and 
all those capacities which we are coming up with also are ramped up. So what is the expected 
non-ferrous to ferrous mix in the future? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, let me tell you. 
James McIntosh: 
You can't even give that figure, Arasu. That's not an easy figure to give. There's too many 
products and too many lines. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Yes. 
James McIntosh: 
And it's not actually any -- there's no relevance to the business success or failure to that figure. 
I'm sorry. 
Aryan Sharma: 
Okay. One final question. One question finally I have. So one international parent commentary 
suggests that there's an overcapacity situation in India currently. So there's a complete 
overcapacity. So for the next -- the current capacity will be able to cater to the next 10 years of 
demand apparently like 2025. So what do you think about the realization going forward given 
this overcapacity implies the Chinese imports dumping of Chinese product or capacity in India? 

 
 
IFGL Refractories Limited
 
 
May 26, 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
James McIntosh: 
Yes. I think that -- sorry Arasu, you probably want to answer this more fully. But for me, it's 
quite funny because when I started this Managing Director of IFGL 4 years ago, there was 
already have overcapacity in refractories in India. And it was -- at that time, we said, look, our 
strategy is to focus on certain product lines and not necessarily to be the biggest, but the focus 
on being the best and to focus on segments that we believe that we can market and do well. 
 
And I think that IFGL has proven through the success of our domestic strategy under Arasu. I 
mean, especially if I look at the fact that in the stand-alone business and the domestic business 
has grown almost triple from what it was when I joined the company and the percentage of it as 
a comparison to the whole business of IFGL India is a massive turnaround. It's really, I think, a 
great testament to the people and the team in India and the work that they have done. And I 
certainly have every confidence that we can continue that growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sorry, my line got dropped and I have listened to answer. So my question has been thoroughly 
answered. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today's conference call. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Arasu Shanmugam: 
Okay. I mean I hope we have been able to answer most of your queries. We look forward to your 
participation in the next call. For any queries, you may contact SGA, our Investor Relations 
advisor. Thank you so much. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
James McIntosh: 
Thank you. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
