RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
Date: 7 June, 2025 
To 
To 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai- 400 051 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532527 
NSE SYMBOL: RKFORGE 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 
30 
of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
uirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
- 
Earnings 
Call Transcript - Q4 & FY 2024-25 
This 
is further to our intimation dated 
28 May, 2025 
w.r.t Earnings Conference 
call with 
Analysts/Investors on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company 
for Q4 & FY 2024-25. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015, 
please 
find 
enclosed 
herewith 
the 
Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript held with Analysts/Investors on Monday, 2 June, 2025 at 8:30 Hours 
(1S.T). 
Copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www.ramkrishnaforgings.com. 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Rajesh Mundhra 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
ACS: 12991 
Encl.: As above 
REGISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE 
: (+91 334082 0900 / 7122 0900, FAX 
: (+91 33)4082 0998 / 7122 0998, EMAIL 
: info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB 
: www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
CIN NO. :L74210WB1981PLC034281 
RAJESH 
MUNDH
RA
Digitally signed 
by RAJESH 
MUNDHRA 
Date: 2025.06.07 
11:57:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 
 
 
 
 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Monday, June 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARESH JALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. CHAITANYA JALAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. LALIT KUMAR KHETAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
& CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. MILESH GANDHI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. RAJESH MUNDHRA – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE)  
 
MODERATOR: 
RAGHUNANDAN, NUVAMA WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Ramkrishna 
Forging Q4 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Nuvama Wealth 
Management Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Raghunandhan from Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
Raghunandhan: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. We are pleased 
to host Ramkrishna Forgings Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call.  
From the management team, we have Mr. Naresh Jalan, Managing 
Director; Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Lalit Kumar 
Khetan, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Milesh 
Gandhi, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Rajesh Mundhra, Vice President 
Finance and Company Secretary.  
We thank the management for giving us the opportunity. Initially, we'll 
start the call with opening remarks from management, and then we'll 
open for a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: Yes. Thank you, Raghu. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us on this call to discuss the Q4 FY '25 earnings. I trust all of you 
have had a chance to review the earnings documents that we have shared 
earlier. 
 
Financial year 2025 was a year defined by both challenge and progress. 
Despite a complex macroeconomic environment, we made good 
progress on multiple fronts. It has been a good year in terms of orders 
wins and customer addition as we have reported around Rs. 4,600 Crores 
of new orders during the year, which has been well diversified across 
geographies as well as across end user industries of auto and non-auto 
and railway. My colleague, Milesh will speak later on this. 
 
Coming to capacity addition, I am sure you all would recall that in 
January, we commissioned our cold forging capacity of 25,000 tonnes 
and in March, we commissioned our hot forging and warm forging 
balance capacity of 14,250 tonnes. With this new capacity on-stream 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 3 
 
right now presently capacity is  at 268,400 metric tonnes at RKFL stand-
alone. 
 
And on 27th March, NCLT approved the merger of ACIL into the parent 
entity and with the Appointed Date of 20th February '24. This is a key 
milestone in our plan to simplify our business structure. The final step, 
merging Multitech Auto and Mal Metalliks into Ramkrishna Casting 
Solution is underway and will be completed during this year. 
 
Now let me share some financial highlights for the fourth quarter. We 
have reported a consolidated revenue of Rs. 947 Crores, lower by 3% on 
a year-on-year basis. EBITDA, excluding other income, was Rs. 99 Crores 
in Q4 compared to restated EBITDA of Rs. 188 Crores for Q4 last year. 
Profit after tax is Rs. 200 Crores in Q4 FY '25 compared to Rs. 65 Crores in 
Q4 FY '24. And however, this PAT was added by the deferred tax quoted 
on account of merger of ACIL amounting to Rs. 223 Crores. 
 
Coming to the financial highlights we reported consolidated revenue of 
Rs. 4,034 Crores, higher by 9% compared to the previous year. Full year 
consolidated EBITDA stood at Rs. 560 Crores compared to Rs. 770 Crores 
for FY '24. Profit after tax for the year is Rs. 332 Crores compared to 
restated PAT of Rs. 283 Crores in FY '24.  
In April '25, India Ratings has upgraded the Company's long-term bank 
loan rating to IND AA with a Stable Outlook from IND AA- and also 
affirmed the short-term rating to IND A1+. 
 
Now regarding the inventory discrepancy, the Company has received the 
Interim Joint Fact-Finding Report from the independent external 
agencies, which have confirmed that certain erroneous entries in 
production and non-recording of rejections at some plants have resulted 
in overstatement of inventory as book stock of these inventories were 
higher than the physical stock. The discrepancy amounts to Rs. 220 
Crores for FY '24-'25 and Rs. 50 Crores for '23-'24 as accounted for in the 
accounts. And the same has been accounted for in the financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and year ended March '25 and March '24, 
respectively. 
 
I would like to state here that, as the management team, we firmly believe 
that there will be no further significant accounting on financial impact on 
the books of account arising out of the balance part of the joint fact-
finding study being carried out by the independent external agencies.  

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 4 
 
 
The approximate adverse impact net of tax on net worth of the Company 
is around Rs. 202 Crores, which is around 6.73% of the Net Worth of the 
Company as on March 31, 2025. The Promoters remain fully committed 
to bridging this shortfall, reaffirming its dedication to safeguarding the 
interest of all stakeholders. Details of remedial actions to be undertaken 
by the Promoters will be covered by our MD, Mr. Naresh Jalan. 
 
Now I hand over the proceeding to Mr. Naresh Jalan, our MD. Thank you. 
Over to you, sir. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Thank you. Good morning to everybody. Thank you for taking time to join 
the call.  
The interim fact-finding report has come and in response to that, we have 
implemented corrective measures, including enhanced auto -recordings 
and stricter controls and improved processes across our manufacturing 
process. This is the first instance for the Company in its history since 
inception and we will ensure and do what all is required to ensure that 
this never happens again and  continue to adhere to highest standards of 
Corporate Governance while conducting affairs of the Company. As 
indicated and committed, the Promoters would come forward to make 
good the shortfall arising due to the inventory discrepancy. 
 
In order to facilitate that, the Board of Directors have approved the 
issuance of 9,75,000 Warrants to Promoter entity convertible into Equity 
Shares of 9,75,000 of a Face Value of Rs. 2 each at a price of  
Rs. 2,100 aggregating to Rs. 204.75 Crores. And as Promoter entity, we 
commit to get this entire money before the end of this financial year. 
 
Now I request Mr. Milesh Gandhi to update the investor group in terms of 
the order wins and the market conditions currently. 
Milesh Gandhi: 
Good morning. Thank you, Nareshji. I would like to communicate the 
order wins in Q4.  
The Company received new order wins worth Rs. 710 Crores for a 
program life being 4 years. Against the total order win, 74% are from 
automotive segment while 23% is coming from the non-automotive 
segment, which is in line with the diversification strategy of the Company. 
We are also looking forward to the next level of growth that is coming from 
the passenger car segment. 
 
We believe the revenue stream will start from the Financial Year '27 in a 
big way. At the same time, we have also received orders from Indian 
Railways for the supply of fully assembled bogie frames. This bogie 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 5 
 
frames assembly will help us to demonstrate the full potential of our 
fabrication business. That is the natural progression from the individual 
frames and bolsters to the fully assemblies which makes it complete. 
That's from my side. 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: Thank you, Milesh. Raghu, now we can open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Manish Ostwal from 
Nirmal Bang Securities Private Limited. 
Manish Ostwal: 
My first question, this inventory-related issue. So, the reported number is 
much higher than what we said at the time of the last call and in the notes 
to account, the management said they does not see any significant 
impact still the joint fact-finding committee report is not finalized. So, on 
what basis we are saying that? And secondly, can you comment on the 
higher number than what we indicated earlier? 
Naresh Jalan: 
A joint fact-finding interim report by the independent external agencies 
has already been published based on the PV which they had conducted. 
And post this, right now, only root cause analysis of fact finding exercise, 
which is going on, which and we are sure that, that is basically to estimate 
the reasons why this has happened. So, there is not going to be any 
financial impact in the balance sheet. We are absolutely firm and sure 
that there is not going to be any financial impact in the balance sheet 
based on whatever we have seen, and we have provided 100% of what we 
have been given from the third party. 
 
And in terms why the reasons, I think reasons for why it has happened, it 
is still, I think, only a week left when we will have the first full final report, 
and the same will be made public to understand the actual reasons and 
find reasons for the same. 
 
In terms of why the quantity has gone up, we had given our estimates 
based on whatever, we, at that period of time, were able to assess. But 
as we had said that period of time also, the assessment is still under 
progress. And during this third-party PV, we had closed down all our 
operations for a couple of days, and we conducted the entire piece-to-
piece PV across all locations. 
 
And every single piece was accounted for, so that every single thing that 
should have been provided. And so that in near future or near decade, 
never again this may occur. So, we have taken a prudent step to close 
operations for a couple of days and ensure that every single thing is 
provided off and in future, this never ever occurs again. 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 6 
 
Manish Ostwal: 
Quite a statement, sir. And the second question on this gross debt and 
the working capital increase we have seen during the year in March 2025 
versus '24. So, any specific reason of this kind of working capital 
increase? And where do you see the working capital days to settle in FY 
'26 and over the medium term, sir? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: So, in terms of working capital increase, if you look at the overall working 
capital, it has gone up by almost Rs. 400 Crores during the year. And we 
have discussed in the past, that is mainly due to increase in transit time 
and Red Sea issue. 
 
So, the goods are taking more time in the sea, plus as you know a lot of 
new development has happened during the year due to these new 
customer wins and new orders for which bulk supply are yet to start, but 
the account has been built up on all those accounts.  And in upcoming 
period, you will see an improvement on this account. And this is because 
the increase in turnover will help to improve the moderation in inventory 
on these accounts. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Also, I think one thing which should be noted that the new developments, 
which went into pipeline over in last quarter, to fill up the warehouse in 
overseas market, we had to ship parts, which is getting consumed in this 
quarter. And once consumption starts, automatically normalization of 
the working capital or the debt will start happening. 
 
And in terms of future, we can assure the investors with the current cash 
flow, which we see in terms of our business and the way the business is 
performing right now and with the kind of robust pipeline, which we 
believe we have and with the kind of customers we have been able to 
build, we feel that we will be able to reduce substantial debt, including 
working capital going forward in coming days and coming months. By the 
year-end, basically, FY '26, a substantial reduction will happen in terms 
of the overall debt is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital 
Advisors. 
Mitul Shah: 
So again, first question on stand-alone Q4 revenue. We believe that there 
is no onetime adjustment in revenue. Entire inventory-related impact is in 
raw material side, right? So, the contraction in revenue is too high 
compared to the peer group Bharat Forge and all those leaders reported 
number. At the same time, commercial vehicle production Q-on-Q was 
also reasonably good. So, any specific reason apart from this inventory-
related thing? 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 7 
 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: Mitul, I would like to explain this. See, after this inventory issue, whatever 
happened and discrepancy, we have now decided to go or take more 
changes with any recognition policy. And in this quarter, we have not 
accounted for the goods, which has left the factory but not reached the 
customer's place. So, on that account, about Rs. 100 Crores of revenue 
has not been recognized in this quarter. 
 
And going forward, we will follow this policy only. And apart from that, you 
know that there has been a duty imposed in the U.S. And so, in a lot of 
goods, and from the March, the duty of 10%, we are paying on our goods. 
So, since March, whatever the goods, we are paying duty in the U.S. is 
being recognized on payment of duty. Earlier, once it left India, we have 
recognized sales. 
 
As now the terms are delivery and there was no duty earlier, so it was 
getting recognized. So Rs. 70 Crores on account of that has not got 
recognized in this quarter. So going forward, it will be a normal practice, 
and there will be no impact of this accounting in the future. And that 
amount has been built in basically from debtor to inventory. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Mitul, to answer you very straightforward whatever you asked for, Rs. 170 
Crores approximately has not been recognized. Looking into prudence of 
future, as said in my earlier statement, we have taken cognizance of 
whatever has happened. And going forward, to get into best practices, we 
have basically reset our entire recognition model and Rs. 170 Crores in 
all has not been recognized as revenue, which will be recognized in 
coming quarter. And going forward, this is going to be the policy.  
One reason basically is the duty which have not been paid at the port, the 
revenue for the same has not been recognized. And second, for the goods 
which have left our plant, but has not reached customer end has not been 
recognized as sales. So, taking both together, it's close to  
Rs. 170 Crores plus, which has not been recognized in revenue in the 
quarter 4. 
Mitul Shah: 
Okay. The question is then FY '26 revenue, do we still maintain that 
guidance of about 15% to 20% revenue growth potential? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I am absolutely sure that we are looking at 15% to 20% revenue growth in 
FY '26. This revenue recognition policy which has changed in 1 quarter, 
this is going to now be always there. So obviously, this Rs. 180 Crores is 
going to get recognized in this quarter, leaving no stones for future 
reorganization in the revenue recognition policy? 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 8 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Right, sir. And just lastly, on the balance sheet side, it's almost now  
Rs. 1,800 Crores, Rs. 2,000 Crores type of a debt. Of course, you 
explained about working capital, but still it remained elevated over the 
last few years. So, any road map in next 2 or 3 years, where do you want 
to bring it? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I don't want to give you a 2- or 3-year road map. Basically, by FY '26 end, 
we can assure you or the entire investor fraternity, you will see substantial 
debt reduction. There are a couple of reasons because of that. One, the 
warrant money coming in. Second, due to tax refund, which we will get 
based on the ACIL merger. Third, the free cash flow from the debtor and 
as well as we are at the end of our capex cycle. I think by September end, 
all capex, which you are seeing right now, basically 8,000-tonne press or 
aluminium forging press, all these things are going to come to an end. July 
or mid-August, all the presses are starting and will start giving revenues. 
 
So, we don't look at any substantial or any meaningful capex going into 
second half of the year. So, we are absolutely sure, by the end of FY '26, 
there will be substantial reduction in the overall debt of the Company. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine 
Investment Management. 
Chirag Shah: 
Good that the disclosures have really improved from the Company and 
you are upfront on that. I really appreciate that. Sir, 2, 3 questions. One, 
how should one look at the new margins and ROCE, ROE guidance? You 
had indicated that you will act on this based on the findings and 
conclusion of the same. So, have you formed a thought, or you want to 
wait for the final forensic report to share your sustainable return on 
capital and margin guidance that you used to share earlier? So that's 
question number one. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Chirag, I think in terms of margins and other things, I think this was one-
off incident. This does not dent Company's overall performance or growth 
aspects going forward. One-off incident does not take away from us our 
capability to produce. And the kind of pipeline and the kind of projects 
which we have implemented gives us confidence of going forward, a 
robust top line as well as robust bottom line. 
 
In terms of percentage, I would not like to comment. But in terms of 
guidance, I would still maintain that we are going to create healthy 
margins and which in coming quarter onwards, we will be able to 
demonstrate. 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 9 
 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. Sir, why I was asking is because there will be a permanent resetting 
of your gross margins, right, because of the accounting, not accounting 
lapses, but whatever errors which have happened. So that's why I was 
asking the question that there will be a permanent rebasing of your 
margins, and it will have its impact on ROCE. 
Naresh Jalan: 
No, I think, there is not going to be any permanent, with onetime 
inventory, excess inventory which was there in the system or say, 
basically, that has got removed. So, I don't think that really creates any 
gross margin issues or anything. Basically, we would like to reset the 
balance sheet. We have onetime cleaned up the balance sheet. 
 
And whatever provisions or whatever write-offs we had to take, we have 
taken that upfront looking into the future and looking into the better 
prospects going forward of the Company. So that does not absolve us 
from the responsibility of going ahead and creating better margins, 
healthy margins and good conditions. Basically, this reset is giving us 
more opportunity to do better things than concentrating on what has gone 
by. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. And the second question is if you can just share some thoughts on 
how did this Rs. 2,100 pricing was determined? I'm asking like it is 
significantly out of the money. It is more than 3x the current price or 
something like that. So how was it determined that if you can share some 
thoughts?  
Naresh Jalan: 
Basically, Chirag, this is as promised or as agreed in the previous call and 
as agreed and as committed to my investors, we will look at the minority 
shareholders' benefit and to ensure minimum effect to the minority 
shareholders. As such, if you see this pricing has been arrived with an 
objective of only having 0.5% overall equity dilution so that it is not 
affecting the overall investor community who has put trust in RKFL for 
past so many years. 
 
So we did not want that one such issue should dent the entire confidence 
of our investor community and that's the reason this premium has been 
paid, to basically give a message to the overall investor community that 
promoters are withstanding with the Company, they would want the 
investor community to be assured that we are not here to make short-
term gains or looking at the future of the Company, I don't think we have 
paid a huge premium out of it. I am very sure with the coming years of 
performance of the Company in coming couple of years, I will not be out 
of money. We will be in the money in going future. 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 10 
 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir, I presume that you have full intent to convert, right, to subscribe 
it, it's not that we'll allow it to lapse. That is my question. 
Naresh Jalan: 
In my opening statement itself, I have said that this entire money will 
come within this financial year. It is not going to take 18 months' time as 
been prescribed in the warrants. I can stretch it up to 18 months. I have 
very categorically said that because I need to borrow money. So, I don't 
have a ready line set up to get the money tomorrow itself. So, taking that 
time into my hand, we have basically taken it as a warrant. 
 
Otherwise, we could have done it as a preferential issue of equity shares 
if I would have had ready money in my account. So, I will need to borrow 
through LAS or something. So, we have basically taken time, but I am 
absolutely sure, and I commit to get this entire money before March '26 is 
completed. 
Chirag Shah: 
No, sir, I really appreciate your stance on this and your disclosure. Sir, 
one last question, if I can. Based on the findings till date, is this more of a 
system error, it is more of a human error? And is the error at the 
production level or is the error at the accounting/what you call 
interdepartmental transaction level? If you can share some light, it would 
be helpful. 
Naresh Jalan: 
So whatever findings till now we have in hand, I can tell you it is not 
intentional. It is not a purposefully made error. The Company has grown 
faster than its system. I can only give you only a very simple answer that 
Company has grown faster than its system. And that is my fault that we 
have not been able to bring in or get more robust system as the  Company 
grew. That's the learning lesson we have taken, and we are fixing the 
system in a robust manner that in future, with the growth, my system is 
also upgraded in such a manner that in future, this never occurs again. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So very happy with your messages, the way you've articulated everything. 
It's given a very strong message across. Sir, a couple of questions on the 
balance sheet. So, you mentioned about the non-recognition of Rs. 170 
Crores of revenue. So, does it lead to the similar impact on the inventory 
and higher receivables and plus the borrowings? Is my understanding 
correct? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: So, Dhaval, it has nothing to do with the borrowings. So certainly, revenue 
has a contra-impact on the inventory. So, when the revenue will be 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 11 
 
recognized, inventory will increase to that extent. Certainly, the margin 
value is reduced to that extent. Rest all is same, normal. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. On the EBITDA margin front, I mean, sir said about stronger margin. 
But would you like to share anything in terms of the numbers? I mean, the 
earlier guidance which were given regarding 0.5% to 1% increase every 
year. So, do we hold by that guidance? And when we look at utilizing the 
full capacity, are we still aiming at around 24%, 25% EBITDA margin by FY 
'28? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Dhaval, in terms of my aspirational margin, we still are intact of getting to 
24%, 25% margin by FY '28. And in terms of quarter-on-quarter, I would 
not like to give you any next quarter or overall next 2 quarters' guidance, 
but I can only confidently tell you by end of FY '26 and FY '27, you will see 
us getting back to much above what we were in the past, and we continue 
to strive for excellence and our endeavour and our entire effort on a war 
footing is to basically do whatever is required to negate what has gone by 
in terms of one incident and one incident cannot rock the overall boat of 
our future and 4,000 people of RKFL. So, I am very confident that going 
forward, margins will be robust. And my 24%, 25% vision for margin for  
FY '28 still remains intact. 
 
And with the kind of activity we have done in terms of capacity and with 
the kind of activity which my marketing has done in terms of bringing in 
new railway business, in terms of fully assembled supply of bogie frames 
and the kind of strong customer base, which we have built over the last 
couple of quarters in terms of getting into PV, which is going to show in  
FY '27 in full scale, you will see a significant improvement and a robust 
margin profile going forward. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Noted, sir. And sir, last question regarding the kind of business 
environment you are noticing for the U.S. market. It's been a couple of 
months since the tariff talks have happened. So, what sort of 
conversations you're having, a, with the customers, the short-term 
outlook? Did they stock on inventory? 
 
How are they giving out the purchase orders now? Second is, have we 
won any new business after the tariff announcements have happened in 
the month of March? And thirdly, in terms of negotiating after June, July 
onwards when the 3-month pause is over, who is going to bear the tariff? 
And how are we going to work around it? 
 
Some mode of discussions which the customers will be having at their 
side? Any insights from there? If you can share, it will be really helpful 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 12 
 
because right now, it's a lot of variables, everything is very volatile. So, 
some direction will help from your side. 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think, Dhaval, to answer your questions, a couple of things. One, at the 
right moment, we have set up our Mexican entity. I can tell you this 
Mexican entity is going to be the golden goose for us for the next 3 years' 
time. We are seeing huge traction for our Mexican entity to do value-add 
over there, while we send forgings from here from India to U.S. and to 
Mexico and get it fully machined and supply from there. 
 
Second, we have had no order reset right now from any of our customers 
and no customers have come back to us asking for price decreases or 
absorbing the tariffs. Tariffs, whatever is going to get applied is going to 
be paid by our customers. Yes, overall, the market demand in U.S. is 
subdued. But whenever we speak to any of our customers, we are of the 
opinion and they are also of the opinion that very soon or maybe in a 
couple of months, they feel that it is going to be a hockey stick recovery, 
which is going to be extremely fast. If you see the market right now over 
there, it has gone below the replacement. And as soon as things settle 
down, I think you will see a hockey stick recovery in the North American 
market. And we are extremely confident of that.  
In terms of new order wins post this tariff, yes, we have had order wins 
post this tariff from a couple of new customers in North America. We 
would not like to name the customers, but it is on the off-highway side, it 
is on the PV side and also it is on the CV side. All the three sides, we have 
won new contracts, both from March till right now in the month of May. 
 
And as well as in our Mexican entity, we have won a very large order, for 
basically conversion of castings to finished product and supply from our 
Mexican entity. Right now, market is down, but we don't see that going 
forward you may see any movement, maybe it may happen in the next 2 
months, it may take 3 months, but it's not that it's very far away. The 
recovery in the market is going to be very, very steep. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Devvrat Mohta from Capital 
International. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
I have two questions. So firstly, on your revenue recognition that you 
mentioned, the Rs. 170 Crores impact in this quarter. So effectively, what 
that means is that, I mean, what you're saying is that the sales at the end 
of Q4 was impacted, which sort of flows through to Q1. And then there 
will be an impact in the end of Q1, which will flow through Q2. So, on a go-
forward basis, I mean, this Rs. 170 Crores essentially, you should go back 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 13 
 
to whatever run rate you were pre all of this on a revenue basis. Is that 
right? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Yes. You're absolutely right, sir. Rs. 170 Crores plus means exactly 
number is close to Rs. 173 crores is what we have not recognized as 
revenue, which is going to flow into this quarter. And this is going to be a 
continued effect, which is now, has been reset and there is not going to 
be any more new reset going forward in this revenue recognition. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
Understood. And the second question that I had was, again, I think 
someone asked you before on margin. So, given the number of moving 
parts that have happened through the course of this year, I mean, what is 
the right base level of margin to start thinking about? I mean, if I look at 
your restated number for March '24, March '24 restated number was you 
were at 20.9% EBITDA margin. 
 
I mean, is that roughly ballpark the right kind of base benchmark to use 
going forward? Or do you think that I mean, I'm just trying to understand 
like what is the base number to start with, given the number of moving 
parts that… 
Naresh Jalan: 
Yes. I think the five quarters number are not the right judgment, basically 
having inventory write-offs during this quarter, that's not the right 
judgment in terms of getting into the assumption of what margins we are 
at or what we can be. Sir, as stated in my earlier answer, we are still intact 
with our aspirational margins of 24%, 25% going into FY '28. And with the 
kind of new capacities of heavy forgings, aluminium forgings, cold 
forging, whatever we have installed and is in progression, I would not be 
able to comment on quarter-on-quarter basis or next quarter. But overall, 
in terms of yearly basis, we still believe, and we are of the firm view that 
we will be able to maintain our margin and we will be able to build on that 
going forward. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
Sir, sorry, when you say maintain your margin, I mean, is it FY '24 number 
when you say maintain, FY '24 the base in your mind? Or is FY '23, what is 
the base, I mean, when you say maintain margin, will it be on FY ’24 level? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Sir, the base in my mind is FY '24, but we have to still build on that case. 
And I think that's the base which we are working with. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
Got it. Understood. And then one more last question for me is just your 
capex was quite elevated in FY '25. You said, I think to someone else's 
question that you're coming to the end of the capex cycle, you said largely 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 14 
 
will be done by September. So, for FY '26, how much capex do you expect 
for the full year, FY '26, FY '27? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Total full year, including maintenance, Rs. 100 Crores to Rs. 150 Crores 
is going to be the capex for whatever is in the WIP that is going to get 
completed before end of September. So, all these capacities are going to 
be in place, and we are going to be up and running. Rest all is going to be 
Rs. 100 Crores or Rs. 150 Crores, whatever is going to be basically on 
account of maintenance or line balancing, no additional capex, at least 
for next 1.5 years. Mid till FY '27, we don't see major capex coming in. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
Got it. So INR100 Crores to INR150 Crores of maintenance. How much is 
the balance, whatever is due in FY '26 from your growth capex that you've 
done in the last, so I'm just trying to arrive at like what is the total capex 
for FY '26, if you include maintenance capex? 
Naresh Jalan: 
That is Rs. 100 Crores sir, pending, I think everything is showing in WIP. To 
finish that off, maybe Rs. 50 Crores, Rs. 60 Crores or more required and 
rest is Rs. 100 Crores. In totality, what I'm speaking is close to Rs. C100 
Crores to Rs. 150 crores is going to be the total extra money spend above 
the WIP, which is showing already in the balance sheet. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
Okay. So, it is Rs. 150 Crores that includes maintenance capex plus 
whatever is pending to finish off WIP project? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Yes, sir. Yes, yes, sir. 
Devvrat Mohta: 
Okay. And the corresponding number in FY '25 was almost Rs. 976 Crores 
or something. So, from Rs. 976 Crores, it's going to Rs. 150 Crores. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Yes, sir. Sir, major of the cash flow, to answer your question, sir, from 
warrants, tax refunds and free cash flow, which is generated post the 
interest payment in the coming year because this year also we presume, 
we should be tax-free based on our ACIL merger. So, all this money 
mostly will be either utilized Part will be utilized for working capital and 
balance will be utilized for repaying the debt. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ranjit Aggarwal from Nilgiri 
Investment Managers Private Limited. 
Ranjit Aggarwal: 
I really appreciate the follow-up comments and the capital commitment 
that the management has made. But forgive me, but unless and until I 
understand what actually happened, it's very difficult to believe that it is 
going to be back to where it was earlier. Now the question really is, I 
mean, I'm sure the Company like you would have SAP, you would have an 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 15 
 
internal auditor, you have bankers, the best of the bankers who conduct 
annual inventory audit. 
 
So how did this lapse? And it didn't happen over 1 quarter or over 1 year, 
it happened over more than 1 year. I don't even know if it went beyond 2 
years. So, if there is something specific that you can share how this 
happened, and it's not even a small amount, it will really help me to 
understand that going forward, things cannot and will not be repeated. 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think to answer your question, yes, we have SAP. We have internal 
audits. Yes. As I answered to your earlier question of one of the investor 
fraternity that with the growth, we don't deny that there has been lapses. 
We don't deny that we are at fault. We take full responsibility of the fault, 
which has happened. 
 
So, there is no denying of the fact that there has been lapses and there 
has been controls which have been missing. With the kind of growth we 
have had over the last 5 years, yes, we have not built a robust system to 
ensure that this growth also takes care of the systematic issue which 
should ensure that no such things occur. 
 
So, we are extremely unhappy ourselves like you are. We are extremely 
sorry for has happened. But reasons for the same is not intentional. It is 
not purposeful. It is basically lapses, which is on ignorance, lapses which 
have happened. 
 
And right now, I can assure you the kind of controls we are putting in, the 
kind of systematic controls in terms of removal of manual feeding in the 
system, removing th e manual intervention in the system, putting the 
system on the auto mode directly linked to the production equipment, is 
the way forward, which we are working on. 
 
And I think in the next 3 months' time, by end of September, most of our 
systems will be out auto fed rather than doing manual feeding is 
concerned. So, I can assure you that this kind or any such kind of incident 
will never come in future. 
Ranjit Aggarwal: 
Right, sir. Thank you again for reassuring your commitments. I have a few 
quick questions, if you don't mind. I mean, just bear with me, please. Has 
any bank come to you saying they would like to withdraw their limits or 
reduce their limits? 
Naresh Jalan: 
No, no such banks have come. And as well as if you see, when banks are 
concerned with the money, promoters are bringing in upfront money into 
the system. So, to the tune of that, bank have been reassured that 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 16 
 
promoters stand by their commitment and the money is coming into the 
system. 
 
And as such, also, I would like to reiterate one thing that you will be able 
to see when the fact-finding report comes, it is an error. It is no leakage of 
money from the system. I would like to reiterate that there is no theft. 
There is no leakage. There is no manipulation or nothing wherein money 
has flown out of the system. 
 
So, it is an error which has occurred. But still as a moral responsibility, as 
a promoter of the company, I took full moral responsibility of the same 
and have funded the amount. And banks are concerned with the money 
in the system and the money is coming back into the system in a manner 
which is non-dilutive for the entire investor community. 
Ranjit Aggarwal: 
Right, sir. I think that is very well appreciated. Last one, do you have any 
obsolete inventory or rejected WIP or any sort of inventory which can't be 
put to use on your books right now? 
Lalit Khetan: 
We always have a policy for the obsolete inventory or unusual inventory, 
and we make it as a scrap and there is no such inventory left in the 
system. And that is a continuous practice we always follow and a policy 
also to provide for the slow-moving inventory. 
Naresh Jalan: 
One more thing, sir, one more thing to add to your question. I would like 
to reiterate, sir, as answered also earlier, all provisions, maybe anything 
related single piece also has already been provided. And there, I would 
like to stress that there is not going to be a single piece provision, whether 
obsolete, whether lost, any such inventory issue has been addressed. We 
have not tried even to save a single penny out of it. Everything what was 
required has been provided. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited. 
Raghunandhan: 
We appreciate management commitment on investment of Rs. 205 
crores through warrants. A few housekeeping questions to Lalit sir. Sir, 
for FY '25, can you share within the revenue mix, how would be auto, non-
auto? And generally, you give some guidance about within non-auto, 
railway, mining, oil and gas, others. If you have that numbers handy, 
please do share. 
Lalit Khetan: 
So Raghu, I will just say auto and non-auto is maintained at 78% right 
now, okay? And I will share separately the mix, because I have not been 
able to work out due to the positive time on the other revenue. But it is 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 17 
 
more or less on the trend what we have in the last quarter on the other 
segment. There is no significant change. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. And for full year FY '25, if you can also share the revenue for 
Multitech, JMT and ACIL? 
Lalit Khetan: 
So, ACIL revenue is already merged in RKFL Results. So, the revenue of 
RKFL includes the revenue of ACIL. About Multitech and JMT combined 
together for the full year. And so, I think a lot of elimination happens at 
consol level. But in isolation, if you look at JMT was about Rs. 140 Crores 
and Multitech was about Rs. 360-odd Crores. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. And what would be the margin, sir, for Multitech? 
Lalit Khetan: 
So overall margin for the full year for the Multitech was more than 15%. 
And for JMT, we have a very nominal margin, but from this quarter 
onwards, you see JMT is showing its full potential as JMT is getting ramped 
up quite significantly, and you can see a significant margin contribution 
from JMT in the FY '26. 
Naresh Jalan: 
To just add on to Lalit's answer, in JMT Auto  it was an NCLT company. It 
has taken us over more than a year to get back into shape. And also 
because the company was closed, all the customers had shifted back 
their business to some other suppliers. Now getting back all those 
customers, we have been able to get one of the biggest oil and gas 
customers from North America back in RKCSL (JMT Auto). Samples have 
already gone there. 
 
And we expect from next quarter onwards, significant sales to come in oil 
and gas directly from JMT Auto as well as off-highway business, purchase 
order samples and everything is almost under completion, and we will 
see significant revenue coming from off-highway sector also from JMT 
Auto, which is now RKCSL from next quarter onwards. 
Raghunandhan: 
Congrats on the oil and gas order. Sir, lastly, within exports for FY '25, 41% 
of revenue is export. Broadly, if you can break it up to North America, 
Europe and others? 
Lalit Khetan: 
So out of the entire 41%, we will attribute 26% to North America, about 
30% to Europe and 2% to others. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mithun Soni from GCC Holdings. 
Mithun Soni: 
Sir, just one clarification I needed. Of course, as we said, it was an error 
whatever happened because of the system ramp-up being slower than 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 18 
 
the growth. But the error was in cost calculation. Like, for example, there 
is a cost team, which will do the cost analysis of what is the raw material 
and XYZ and then that is passed to the revenue team, the revenue is 
recognizing it and accordingly, the inventory gets adjusted. 
 
Is there like there was a revenue which was recognized, but against which 
the inventory was not there or over recognition of inventory revenue 
would happen. I mean I'm still not able to understand what is the error. I 
understand it's an error, but what is the error? 
Lalit Khetan: 
Mithun, just to reply to your question. So, there is no revenue recognition 
question in place. This inventory error has nothing to do with the revenue 
recognition. All that is recognized whatever moves out of the factory and 
reach to the customer’s base. And that has been billed and paid by the 
customer. 
 
There is no ambiguity in that. So, we have always earlier thought this was 
an error in recording of production and error in recording of rejections of 
inventory, which has made book stock of inventory higher than the 
physical stock, which has been corrected. 
Mithun Soni: 
Just to understand. So basically, what you're saying is that the system 
over recorded the inventory? 
Lalit Khetan: 
Yes. You may say. Recorded more inventory and more production than 
the inventory. 
Mithun Soni: 
But let's say, if we record more production, then technically, the cash 
should be there in the system, basically production when you're 
recognizing, then you have the raw material. If you have the raw material. 
Lalit Khetan: 
There is no cash question comes here because see, if you have produced 
only 100, but we call it 102. So, it's only notional. 
Mithun Soni: 
No, but let's say, core raw material is better? 
Lalit Khetan: 
So, it will be raw material consumption out of accounting there is… 
Mithun Soni: 
No, no, sir, please understand what I'm saying, sir. You have bought a 
basic raw material steel, okay? You know there is x amount of steel, which 
you bought. And against that, when you convert, there is x amount of 
scrap and x amount of finished products which you have finally made. For 
the steel which you have bought, you have paid cash, okay? 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 19 
 
 
Now if the output or the production, which we say that the inventory was 
produced more, it will not tally because you have not bought so much 
amount of metal. And the cash has also not gone out of the system 
because since you have not bought the metal, you have not paid for it. So 
excess inventory got created, so the analysis of input/output ratio went 
for a toss? 
Lalit Khetan: 
Yes, you are directly or entirely correct. So certainly, there was aan lapse 
on the analysis part of this also. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Basically, I think to answer your question, this first issue came to light 
only because input/output ratio went for a toss. And that's the reason the 
issue was highlighted in the system. And when we started digging deep, 
and that's the time we realized that this mess has come into the system. 
 
Basically, if input/output ratio would not have changed or input/output 
ratio would not have significantly impacted, there would not have been 
an alarm raised internally in the system that this issue is prevalent. So, 
you were absolutely right that input/output ratio. 
Mithun Soni: 
I understand. So, what you're saying is the sales were happening at its 
own pace. Whatever we were ordering was happening, we were making. 
But you were saying that the production was also happening at the same 
time that you were buying for the order which you received, you buy the 
metal, you will convert it into finished goods, there will be scrap. But then 
there was over reporting of the products made. 
Naresh Jalan: 
There are a couple of things, I think, when you will see the final exclusive 
summary of the fact-finding report, it will be more clear to you. But to be 
safe on the side while not commenting on what comes out of it, there are 
a couple of things that it was over reporting of the production as well as 
underreporting of the rejections both combined together have 
accumulated into this. 
 
And as rightly said, this is not an error which has happened over a quarter 
or over a year. It is an error which has happened over a couple of years. 
But in order to have a final number to it, we did a full physical inventory of 
every single piece in the system and came to conclusion and have 
provided this in last 5 quarters. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK 
Investment Managers Limited. 
Bharat Shah: 
While the final report would emerge, as you mentioned, in some time, and 
I hope it confirms everything that has been narrated just now. I don't have 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 20 
 
a question today, so I just wanted to make an observation. Every failure 
or every challenge is a source of opportunity. A failure is a source of 
opportunity to make things far more robust and prevent brittleness to 
come in. 
 
I hope this has been a significant and a rude kind of a shock, but it doesn't 
have to remain that way, if we convert this challenge into a big opportunity 
by making our systems tight, by making things more efficient. And in fact, 
given that this opportunity has created confusion about margins, but 
which you talked about at length, I think it gives us a fresh opportunity to 
look at our cost structure, our pricing, our efficiency so that as soon as 
possible, we get back to the kind of profitability and capital efficiency that 
we believe would come forth with the rising scale and the sophistication 
of the kind of products that we are offering. 
 
In short, while indeed, this has been a rude kind of, very impolite kind of 
interruption, which has occurred, but it doesn't have to remain that way 
if we take the right and constructive lessons out of it? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Thank you, Bharat bhai. Being a veteran from the industry, your 
comments or your observations are absolutely right, and we respectfully 
take these comments on the right earnest. And I personally promise the 
overall fraternity of the investors who have backed RKFL that this is one 
such incident and a rude incident and a bad incident, which has 
aggressively been looked at by us. 
 
We have spent sleepless nights over the last 2 months. And first time 
ever, we have had 8 days practical closure of our plants for a complete 
audit of every single thing, every physical count of everything. And I can 
assure the investor community that this is never ever going to happen 
ever. And we are putting in absolutely robust systems and integration 
before end of September to ensure that this incident is a past and a 
forgotten incident and will never ever reoccur in times to come. 
 
Also, I would like to assure you personally that we are working absolutely 
diligently because we are responsible to our people in RKFL, our 
investors, our customers. So, taking all this into account, we are now 
going to pace our growth with the system growth also. We are just not 
going to grow in terms of capacity. We are going to grow in terms of overall 
building the robust system to ensure that system creates profit rather 
than all these things. 
Bharat Shah: 
Deeply appreciate. And I also appreciate your statement earlier that there 
has been no cash leakage and there has been no theft or manipulation, 

 
 
 
Q4 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Page 21 
 
which has occurred. And therefore, despite no cash leakage from the 
system, if you have chosen to put as promoter the funds back into the 
money by restoring the Net Worth because implicit assumption is that the 
investors believe the profits which were there for these 2 years, even if 
there was no cash erosion, these profits at least were presumptively 
there. And therefore, now that they are not there, you have chosen to put 
it back into the system. I think it's an act of definitely good behaviour. I 
deeply appreciate. 
Naresh Jalan: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Rajesh Mundhra: 
Thank you. I would like to thank all the participants for taking out time to 
join our earnings call. I hope we have been able to answer and address 
your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with us or 
with CDR India. On behalf of Ramkrishna Forgings Limited, we wish you 
all a very wonderful week ahead. We look forward to interacting you again 
in the next quarter. Thank you very much for taking out your time again. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The 
company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has 
been edited without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
