May 27, 2025 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call for investors and analysts on the Q4 & 
FY25 results held virtually by the Company on Thursday, May 22, 2025 at 02:30 P.M. IST. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at https://keva.co.in/investor-
updates/#92-236-q4-1742908584. 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared by the Company during the said 
conference call. 
 
This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.keva.co.in.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
 
 
 
Deepti Chandratre 
Global Legal Counsel and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEEPTI 
SWANAND 
CHANDRATRE
Digitally signed by 
DEEPTI SWANAND 
CHANDRATRE 
Date: 2025.05.27 
13:57:22 +05'30'

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited  
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 22, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S. H. Kelkar & Company Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on S. H. Kelkar 
& Company Limited's Q4 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Kedar Vaze – Whole-Time Director and Group CEO and Mr. 
Rohit Saraogi – EVP and Group CFO of the Company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the Management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Kedar to make his opening remarks.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Hi. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining our FY 2025 Earnings Call. 
We appreciate your interest and trust that you have had a chance to review the 
results documents. 
We are pleased to report a strong 15% revenue growth for the fiscal year. This 
performance was driven by sustained demand across all our segments and 
especially healthy traction in the domestic market. 

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Our Fragrance division grew by 19%, while the Flavour division recorded a robust 
43% growth on a subdued base in the previous year. While large FMCG companies 
faced constraints in expanding volumes, our growth was supported by increased 
engagement from small and mid-clients, resulting in improved wallet share and 
deeper account penetration. Additionally, contributions from global MNC account 
further supported the overall results. Our European operations also delivered 
strong growth during the year.  
As previously communicated, gross margins were impacted in the second half of 
the year by supply side constraints. However, we are now seeing signs of improving 
raw material availability. To mitigate the impact of elevated input cost, we have 
already implemented price increase measures and the benefits of which are 
expected to gradually reflect in our margins in the coming quarters.  
Notably, the incremental cost associated with our strategic growth initiatives has 
stabilized, positioning us favourably for margin recovery and operating leverage the 
Second Half of '26 and onwards. 
Our Ingredient segment continued to make steady progress during the year. At this 
point, we are seeing good emerging opportunities driven by the tariff and China 
plus One shift, as well as rising demand traction in the European markets. These 
trends coupled with a favourable global export environment, are expected to hit 
the segment's growth outlook going forward.  
Coming to our ongoing projects, the re-establishment of the Vashivali Fragrance 
facility is progressing well and is expected to be commissioned within the current 
financial year. This facility was fully insured, and the rebuilding is supported under 
terms of the insurance coverage. Separately, we have received an interim payment 
of Rs. 95 crore from our insurer as part of the fire related claims settlement, while 
the balance claim continues to be processed. Our upcoming Greenfield facility at 
Vanavate is also advancing as planned and is slated for commissioning later this 
calendar year. Given the proximity of both these sites, we are building operational 
synergies and systems as part of our broader BCP framework. This will also enable 
better inventory management and support our objective of reducing inventory days 
of sales going forward.  
In addition, while the year began with operational challenges on the ground, we 
have since stabilized our business and pleased to share that in line with the dividend 
policy and continued commitment to shareholder value creation, the Board has 
recommended a final dividend of Rs. 1 per equity share of face value Rs. 10 each. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on leveraging multiple growth drivers. In 
addition to ramping up our CDC in Germany and UK, we are advancing strategic 
partnership, driving product innovation across segments, capitalizing on favourable 

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
global market dynamics. As the macroeconomic pressures ease, we are confident 
in our ability to sustain, capture emerging opportunities across both domestic and 
international markets, and deliver sustainable growth for all stakeholders.  
With that, I now invite the moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Madhav: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for your time. Sir, you spoke about having 
good multiple growth drivers lined up, and you also mentioned something about 
favourable market dynamics. Could you give some more colour in terms of these 
comments and also if you could maybe give us some sort of guidance for FY ‘26 
sales growth, that would be really helpful. That's my first question.  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as you know, we have invested in our CDC in Germany. We have upcoming 
investments in Manchester plus New Jersey. So, all these are new geography 
investments. So, they will result in more business in newer geographies for future 
sustainable growth.  
 
In addition, we also see favourable market dynamics vis-a-vis Global Ingredients 
business, which has turned around in the last two years. We see good tailwinds 
from China. I think China plus One strategy or alternate to China strategy. Especially 
in the chemical and ingredient business, India has a very strong position vis-a-vis 
other countries in the world. So, that should benefit the industry as a whole, and 
for us it's a good opportunity for future growth on the Global Ingredients business.  
 
To give a colour on the revenue, whilst their opportunities are quite high and 
different, these are more mid-term opportunities as we are just entering these 
markets. Our current existing markets in Europe and domestic market in Southeast 
Asia, we continue to see healthy traction. I continue to, I would say, forecast or 
predict 12% plus CAGR growth here on. As we have always alluded on the midterm, 
I think there is no reason to believe there will be any slowdown in this coming year. 
So, we are still guiding 12% plus CAGR year-on-year, despite a strong growth year 
last year.  
 
Given that our factory production facility is basically getting on stream later part of 
this year, we will look at also margin improvement. So, we had very strong growth 
this year. We may look at more moderate growth and focus on margin management 
to improve our margins from the 43% average we had for this year to slightly better 
for next year. So, I am very confident that we have good leverage to both grow at 
12% plus and maintain or improve our gross margins.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Madhav: 
And sir, anything on the EBITDA margin as well? I think we finished at about 15%, 
right, for this year? We know there was some pressure on gross margin and some 
fixed costs which we spent ahead of time. But anything on the EBITDA margin 
recovery for this year?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we had some additional costs this year. Revenues will ramp up, so those costs 
in relative terms will come down. I am just mindful that our loss of profit policy will 
get over this year. We have some additional operating costs to the tune of maybe 
Rs. 15 crore to Rs. 20 crore annualized basis.  
 
These are costs which we will incur for, I think, two to three quarters of this year as 
the new factory gets ramped up, so maybe for the full year. So, I do not see much 
leverage in this year for a big jump on the EBITDA margin. There will continue to be 
one year of additional cost till the new factory operations resumes end of the year.  
 
So, this will again be a transient hit. We expect it to be at least two quarters, maybe 
three quarters of subdued margin. So, 15% remains, and it may get a little bit better 
as we grow. But the real jump will come in the next financial year when the new 
factory setup or the revised factory setup comes back into operations.  
Madhav: 
So, this, sorry just to understand Rs. 15 crore to Rs. 20 crore of additional cost will 
be spent in Fiscal Year '26 for the new factory commissioning. Is that right? And 
then that it will be for the next three to four years?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Not for the new factory commissioning. We are incurring this cost this year as well 
for our operations. So, this is the additional cost because the factory is not 
operational today. We are using different locations, and costs like rent, transport, 
and various miscellaneous cost are all adding up to roughly Rs. 20 crore in total. 
This Rs. 20 crore for FY25 is covered under loss of profit insurance policy. Next year 
we will not have that coverage. And as soon as the new factory is ready and we 
move back into our own operations, these rental costs and miscellaneous costs 
related to BCP operations will go down or reduce substantially in the year after.  
Madhav: 
Maybe I will just clarify it offline again. But you are saying, sir, this year you are 
saying the EBITDA margins could stay in the 15% range only and then next year it 
should start recovering. That's the way we should see.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, 15% it will start to improve, but it will not be in line with the long-term EBITDA 
expectation. That will happen in the year after because our own factory will come 
on stream.  
Madhav: 
Which is the 18% to 20% range, right? The longer term range which we have given. 

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Correct. So, I think 15% will start to improve in this year and we may not reach the 
18% to 20% owing to additional operational costs, and then the year after we 
should hit that target. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead.  
Mahesh: 
Hi, sir. Just on the margin front, I think this year we reported EBITDA margin of 14%. 
So, is it that next year, this year could be 15% and maybe FY '27 will be the year 
when margins could be 17%? Am I right understanding, sir? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have around 15%. I mean, somewhere I do not know you are saying 14%. 
Maybe it is somewhere around 14 point something. So, I see it as 15% this year. We 
will improve from that in the coming financial and on the longer term, the year after 
and thereafter, we are looking to be between 18% to 20% EBITDA as a business.  
Mahesh: 
So, FY '27 could be like 18% to 20%, right?  
Kedar Vaze: 
That's right. 
Mahesh: 
And sir, any CAPEX plan for the next two years?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, we have almost Rs. 200 crore in this year itself. Some of it, obviously, 
financially, will spill over in terms of actual cash flows for next year financial as well. 
So, in the next two years, we are looking at something like Rs. 200 crore of CAPEX. 
Mahesh: 
And sir, what will be the closing debt probably this year, next year, I mean, given 
the CAPEX plan?  
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes, so our net debt today is at Rs. 658 crore with the Rs. 200 crore of CAPEX 
planned for the next two years and the insurance money funding for part of it plus 
the cash flow. FY ‘26 we believe would be somewhere in the range of  
Rs. 550 odd crore, plus-minus Rs. 20 crore depending on how much we receive from 
insurance. And from FY '27, there will be a substantial reduction. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Akella with Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
First of all, on the price increases that we have been trying to institute in India, could 
you help us understand what the status on that is and how much of a contribution 
to revenue growth that might make in Fiscal '26, just the price increase component?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the price increase in average is roughly 3% to 3.5% in term of the overall 
business. So, that is the expected price increase effect.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
So, this is across the consolidated Company, right, including India as well as Europe, 
all put together? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Understood. And from the new three new centres that we have set up overseas, 
the ones you alluded to, any visibility we have regarding any traction in business 
that we are starting to see in the upcoming financial year?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the first centre in Germany, we just completed one year from the first, let's say 
the first nuts and bolts starting the working in the centre. It's taken us six to seven 
months to hire, put all the people and teams and get fully ready. We just completed 
one year from the actual first date of starting our work in the centre. So, we are 
now fully ready. It is operational. We have already projects and project wins which 
have started from Germany, and which is going to various companies. So, it's now 
in a full swing operation that will help us to generate good traction on business.  
 
Manchester and New Jersey are just starting, so it will take at least another year 
before New Jersey is fully up and running and maybe Manchester centre takes even 
18 months from now before it's starting to deliver in terms of project and business 
in that sense. We have enough projects, enough visibility for these centres to come 
up and so that continued growth momentum is sustained.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Maybe just to understand, upon peak utilization from all of these centres, which I 
presume would take maybe three to four years, what might be the revenue 
potential that one could target given we are spending Rs. 50-60 crore per year on 
there? So, what could it be potentially?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the Rs. 50-60 crore will give us Rs. 50-60 crore of new business every year. And 
so it is cumulative. And we are also looking for, let's say, Rs. 60 to 80 crore of single 
businesses with the global account. So, that may not happen every year, maybe 
happen every alternate year. It could happen every year.  
 
So, the potential is there. But the Rs. 60 to 70 crore of new business in addition to 
our standard Rs. 30-40 crore. I see that the growth momentum as an absolute 
number will almost double. But the denominator also, as we have grown 
substantially, we see that denominator also will grow. So, to sustain 12% growth 
year-on-year on a bigger denominator, we need more new wins and more new 
business per year. So, that's what will happen.  
 
I think next year we will start Germany coming on stream, the year after USA and 
then UK. So, in three years, we will keep building momentum of new wins and 
growth. I think at its peak, probably Rs. 100 crore of new business we will generate 
from these three centres per year.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Sir, just to clarify, over the next three to four years, these three centres could 
potentially be contributing somewhere in the range of Rs. 250-300 crore of revenue 
for us, right?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Next three years, yes, I would take that number.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you so much. And just on the 12% guidance that we are offering for the 
upcoming year, is there an order book visibility we already have like in terms of 
maybe certain amount already tied up that gives us confidence that this is very 
much uh doable?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we do not have many long-term contracts, but we have very good data from 
how the client behaviour and business has been growing in the last year. So, we are 
very confident of this number. We will need to do 7% to 8% of new business wins, 
which I believe we have consistently done in the last few years. So, I am not 
concerned with the 12% number for this year. The momentum is already there. A 
new win pipeline is there. Things are in place. I think the challenge will start after a 
couple of years when we have a bigger denominator, so we need to do the 12% in 
absolute terms, a bigger and bigger number. That's how we see it.  
Abhijit Akella: 
I get the picture. One last thing before I get back in the queue, if you do not mind. 
Just on the global ingredients business where you mentioned that this China plus 
one tailwinds are creating new opportunities, I was just sort of hoping to 
understand we have always been a Fragrance Company rather than a Chemical 
Company. So, how do you see Kelkar's right to win in that market given that there 
are already quite a few Chemical producers in India as well? So, how do we position 
ourselves to benefit from these opportunities?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, our position vis-a-vis other producers in India is very nice. We do not largely 
compete with them. We have a lot of niche, I mean our capability in terms of 
chemistry and what we can do is much broader than almost all the other players in 
the country. So, we have niches where there are no or very few or very small 
competitors within India. What we have not been aggressively pursuing it to 
compete with the largely the Chinese Chemical companies, and it ends up being a 
low margin business and lot of CAPEX.  
 
So, we have not been competing with them excepting one or two large ingredients, 
but given the current geopolitical and the tariff scenario, there is demand from the 
client side to have alternate vendors. So, when you have getting business by 
competing on price is different from getting business of 20%-30% market share 
because they want alternate suppliers. So, that business we are keen to enter into 
which is not margin diluting. The business where there are five producers and we 
will be the sixth is not something which we want to get into.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
And are we planning to make this in-house or we rely on toll manufacturers for this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think it is very early because we are also still not wanting to put any CAPEX till 
there is clarity on the tariffs and sort of global order of how supply chains will work. 
So, we are not proposing to do any substantial CAPEX at this point. So, most of it 
will be toll manufactured with one or two steps internally done and the rest done 
from outside. There is more than adequate chemical production capacities in the 
country. So, we can use our IP and knowhow and get it produced from others.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Hi, Kedar. Couple of questions from my side. So, first, when we look at the European 
Fragrance market, so that remain on a flattish mode in Quarter 4. Any particular 
reason for it? And how do you see the growth momentum out there for FY ‘26?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think in the European context on the capacity, we are reaching a level where 
we are now starting to see our growth being affected by our capacity. We are 
putting a new facility in this year as well in Europe. So, that problem will get solved 
by mid-year, maybe the last quarter of this calendar.  
 
So, to kind of look at the growth, we have enough growth opportunities. We have 
not capitalized on everything in Europe in the last quarter. And we will see some 
level of, I would say, flattish growth. If we are doing double digit growth, we 
probably do a little 2% lesser than that but with better margins. So, our focus will 
be on margin improvement to optimize our capacity in Europe at the moment till 
the new capacities come on board at the end of the year.  
Bharat Gupta: 
And what will be the CAPEX amount towards it?  
Kedar Vaze: 
It would be €6 million to €7 million or about Rs. 60 to 70 crore.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Second question, in terms of the RFQs, so what would have been the contribution 
during FY ‘25 and how do you see FY ‘26 panning out for us? And any further update 
in terms of further award wins or the talks are there in place with respect to 
different products out there from the same as well as for other MNCs as well? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so we have been pitching. There are some small wins and small indications 
where things have gone from development to commercial discussions. Nothing is 
concrete yet, but it is the global MNC consumer fragrance business is quite robust. 
We have done roughly 10 million last year and we see there is a good traction across 
the board.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
It's a new business for us, the global MNC, relatively only we have been operating 
last two, three years. So, it's difficult to judge how fast it will ramp up, but we are 
going slow and steady. And I appreciate the team and the way we are headed is in 
a very steady growth pattern.  
Bharat Gupta: 
So, currently we are working along with the same MNC. And with respect to the 
further, like, are we in discussions with other MNCs as well?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, we are in discussions with other MNCs, US-based MNCs, European-based 
MNCs, other regional large players. So, it has opened doors for other engagements, 
and we are continuing to do that.  
Bharat Gupta: 
And on it, like, in terms of creating subsidies across the Middle East and the U.S., so 
is that has to do any relation with the RFQs only or like any contract manufacturing 
opportunity? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, we already have business in the Middle East. We are setting up our own office 
to better, closer contact with our client and further develop that business. So, 
business in Middle East already exists by supply from both Europe and India. So, it 
will be largely a sales and marketing office where we increase our customer 
penetration. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And this is our last question. In terms of any signs of domestic recovery from the 
Tier 1 clients, like with respect to the tax relaxation which has been brought in the 
budget. So, any colours like which you can provide with respect to increase in the 
order inquiries from the Tier 1 clients as well?  
Kedar Vaze: 
No, we are not seeing substantial either increase, but we also did not see 
substantial decrease in the last year. We have seen steady growth 5%-6%. It has 
been quite a normal year for our set of products last year. We are not seeing any 
signs of any kind of de-growth or substantial up-growth or faster growth in this 
quarter either. So, it is steady state for us. It has not de-grown last year as what was 
mostly reported by all at least the listed entities and what we know in the market.  
 
So, the industry as a whole, the larger corporates have not grown as fast as the 
previous years. But we have not seen that in the portfolio of products they have 
been buying from us. And we have neither seen any fast growth subsequently. So, 
it is very steady state. It is quite different from the overall business industry view 
that they have.  
Bharat Gupta: 
So, for the FY ’26, we are expecting a higher double digit coming out from the 
domestic space because I think in the European context we will be confined to a 
single-digit growth.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
That's correct.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shiwani from Monarch Network Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shiwani: 
Hi, good afternoon. Congratulations on good revenue numbers for this quarter. I 
have a couple of questions. One, I wanted to know the revenue mix between small, 
medium and large customers, if you can give me that split? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I do not have that split. I will come back to you on that. I just want to say that the 
small and medium have been growing double digit plus. And the large have been 
growing at roughly somewhere between 7% and 8% for the year.  
Shiwani: 
Sure, that was helpful. Secondly, on raw material, although I understand that, you 
know, you guys have re-strategized it and trying to improve the supply chain, but 
could you suggest like what is the mix between local procurement versus what we 
are sourcing from international market? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I do not again have an exact number, but it is about 60% to 65% is local 
procurement now.  
Shiwani: 
Next on the Flavour segment, we saw soft Q4. Any specific reason for that? And 
also, are we in talks with any large account, especially from the MNC side for the 
Flavour segment?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are in dialog with a lot of large and small companies, both global MNC brands 
and large food brands in India as well. So that dialog and continuing project 
discussions are on.  
 
To your question on softer Quarter 4, it's actually in relation to quite a strong 
Quarter 4 last year, which we had a bit of back loading in the year. The first couple 
of quarters, the demand was slow, and then it picked up in the second half last year. 
This year we have seen more even demand.  
 
So, when you see the 4th Quarter versus 4th Quarter comparison, you see subdued 
growth. But quarter-on-quarter we are growing. We continue to see that growth, 
and we are expecting a strong robust 15% plus growth in the flavour segment as 
well as we move along. 
Shiwani: 
That was very helpful. Just one last question, if I may. I wanted to understand more 
on Global Ingredient business. So, today, it's around Rs. 70 crore in  
FY ‘25. So, how to expect global ingredient business in the coming years more from 
the growth perspective and margin perspective?  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are looking at growing this business. It is not going to be growing at 10% kind 
of business. We either look to invest and grow it by a kind of magnitude that we 
add another Rs. 70 crore or Rs. 100 crore business in next couple of years or we just 
keep the same. But like I mentioned, there are large opportunities which are coming 
this way, and we will be selective. We will do our strategy in the next couple of 
months and then put out to the shareholders and to the strategy what is the net 
outcome.  
 
All I would say is that there are good opportunities in the global ingredient space. 
And we will not want to get into crowded spaces where there are five or six 
competitors, but there are good niche businesses which we can build on top of the 
Rs. 75 crore to further increase our Global Ingredient business.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two or three questions from my end. You know, if you 
could help us understand the balance sheet improvement given that we were 
operating with multiple plants because of the fire incident. So, any impact on the 
inventories and at the balance sheet level, would it be possible in FY ‘26 or no? 
That's the first question.  
 
Secondly, in our operating sales, we have Rs. 70 crore contract manufacturing 
income. So, is that for a specific client? Is it multiple clients? Is there a scalability in 
that side of the business? And on the global MNC, any further insights you could 
share from a scale or a cross-sell perspective? I think we were looking at $10 million 
sales for this year. Has that been achieved? So, those are my questions. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, in terms of the working capital inventory, obviously operating in four or five 
locations, as we are doing today, the levels are higher than the average where we 
should be. So, surely there will be a balance sheet benefit in the kind of capital 
deployed as we move back to one location and it is much more efficient from a 
stock and inventory point of view.  
 
The second question was on contract manufacturing. Yes, we have a strong contract 
manufacturing tie-up with another global MNC in Europe. We continue to do that 
business. That's about €7-8 million business. So, it is a continuing business. It is not 
our strong focus area for growth. Let us say, it was very important in the past when 
we had this base volume for our operations. Now we have enough growth in our 
operations to kind of keep it at steady-state, and we are not looking to grow this 
contract manufacturing part of the business. So, we grow the business where we 
have better gross margin and net margin. There was a third question.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, the global MNC scale or cross-sell number.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so that as I have already answered, we have reached around $10 million, and 
we have good traction with that Company and with other companies in sort of other 
global MNC FMCG companies.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
And Kedar, any quantification for the balance sheet improvement in terms of 
number of days or an absolute amount if you could quantify which would be 
possible at the balance sheet level?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as Rohit had said earlier, we would be broadly at Rs. 650 crore debt. End of the 
year, we expect next year '26 to be around Rs. 550 crore of debt. And then after, I 
think there will be substantial improvement in the balance sheet in total basically 
as the CAPEX cycle is over.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, first question again on the balance sheet front. So, we have currently debt about 
Rs. 660 crore. And this is as at March end, and after we have received about Rs. 95 
crore. So, is it safe to assume that we will be repaying the short-term debt that we 
take from CAPEX as well as inventories? Effectively, our debt will be closer to maybe 
Rs. 565-570 crore.  
 
And just allied question, so in the next two years, we are targeting about Rs. 200 
crore of CAPEX, which probably would be funded through internal accruals given 
the healthy cash generation that we are looking and growth that we are looking.  
 
So, I am just trying to reconcile why the FY ‘26 year-end debt still will be at Rs. 550 
crore given that there will be additional settlement given from the insurance to the 
tune of maybe Rs. 50, 60, 70 crore. So, just trying to reconcile these numbers. I think 
somewhere the math is not right.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, the insurance bit we are taking quite a conservative number because we do 
not know how much they will pay out within the year. Of course, we have got the 
first tranche, so there is no question of admissibility or anything. They will pay. We 
have taken, let's say, a very conservative plan of cash flow from the insurance. So, 
if the insurance does pay up everything before the end of March, the Rs. 550 crore 
number could be lower. But this is the number which we want to put out and go 
after based on conservative insurance payout.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second bit again on the CAPEX front. So, I think a couple of years back we were 
saying that for the next maybe three to five years, we do not need any material 
CAPEX. And again, now we are saying that for the next couple of years, couple of 
Rs. 100 crore CAPEX. I understand partly it would be for the Vashivali 
reconstruction. And just allied question to that, in terms of the reconstruction, are 

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
we looking at expanding the capacity from whatever it was earlier and to what 
extent?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, in general, when the CAPEX discussion because of the incident and the fact that 
we need to rebuild the factory, we have undertaken to rebuild and build the future 
CAPEX in sort of a little bit earlier because the CAPEX, running the CAPEX in 
simultaneously helps us from managing the CAPEX point of view.  
 
In normal course, we would have not needed to do this CAPEX for another two, 
three years, but given the magnitude of the incident and the overall CAPEX plan, 
we have decided to put additional factory in parallel with the rebuilding of the 
Vashivali factory. And we will look at sort of closing down the Mulund operations in 
a faster than originally planned way. And some part of the OPEX cost that we incur 
there will reduce and offset this CAPEX.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
And just one clarification. So, effectively after this capacity expansion, what is the 
kind of incremental CAPEX that will be running? Is it only to the extent of 
maintenance CAPEX for the next 3-4 years once this facility is upgraded?  
Kedar Vaze: 
From the India perspective, we have no growth CAPEX planned for creation and 
development. That is sort of fully laid out. We have with these two new factories in 
the Fragrance, largely we will not require any CAPEX. On the Flavours, it depends 
on the growth rate. So, if we do higher than 15% growth for three to four years, we 
may need some incremental investment in Flavour capacity. But as a general basis, 
I think our Fragrance requirement for CAPEX will be these two plants and then we 
do not need much CAPEX for the next 10 years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Yash Sinha from MIPL - Office. Please go 
ahead.  
Yash Sinha: 
Hi, most of my questions are already answered, but I had a couple more. First, from 
a bookkeeping perspective, I noticed that you guys collected about Rs. 90 crore out 
of the insurance payment this quarter. The total claim, from my understanding, is 
around Rs. 160 crore, right? What's the timeline to kind of recoup the balance 
amount?  
Kedar Vaze: 
It is not clear. Technically, we have made the claim. So, anytime it can come in, but 
practically I think we need only six to nine months of further follow-up to look at 
the balance amount to come in. It will happen in, so the total insured amount, let 
us say, it's ballpark Rs. 300 crore with all loss of profit and so on so forth. So, it will 
happen roughly Rs. 100 crore a year. Firstly is the inventory. Second is the CAPEX 
replacement. And the third is loss of profit. So, this is our expectation in how the 
insurance monies will come in. This year we got Rs. 95 crore. 

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Yash Sinha: 
Will it be a 2-to-3-year process? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so, Rs. 95 crore which is inventory, we will get some additional monies on 
inventory this year for the CAPEX probably early next year financial. Loss of profit 
we will push, but these are kind of long processes. So, I think two years is a fair time 
to receive all the balance insurance monies. 
Yash Sinha: 
My last question is, from my understanding, we were making inroads with fairly 
large FMCG player in India for your Flavours division. Are we expecting any material 
increases in the Flavours business in India this year or is that something that will 
take slightly longer to really materialize? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so the typical plant audit on the Flavours are more strict because of the final 
food and infant and pharma sort of applications. So, plant audits, etc., have been 
completed. We are sort of approved vendors. We are submitting different Flavour 
ideas. So, it's a process. Now, part of it is already in the 15% CAGR growth that we 
indicate. If there is something specific, large contract over and above this, then we 
will communicate to the street.  
Yash Sinha: 
And that ties into my third question, which is this 15% guidance that you have given 
for FY ‘26. That includes any expected revenues from existing clientele only or also 
you have also factored in any additional client wins for the year.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so existing and new clients, new geographies of Flavours as well. We are 
expanding to the Middle East, Southeast Asia, some of the markets. So, yes, it is an 
ongoing process, the creation, development and market development is an ongoing 
process.  
Yash Sinha: 
So, the thing I was trying to arrive was that in a base case scenario, this 15% includes 
some growth expected from your European and Middle Eastern markets. But if you 
were to assume only growth from your existing clientele, what number would that 
be exactly?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, on the Flavours, we have very small market share in India. So, this 15% is 
basically our current clients in India and Middle East, Southeast Asia, where we 
already have connections and businesses growing. We are also talking to other 
clients in different newer geographies. That's an add-on. We are not considering 
that in the 15%. So, 15% is the base case with existing clients and existing 
geographies.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments.  

 Q4 & FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you feel any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
Company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of S.H. Kelkar and Company Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy.  
