 
 
Registered Office: 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
The Fairway Business Park, # 10/1, 11/2 & 12/2B, Off 
Domlur, Koramangla Inner Ring Road, Next to Embassy Golf 
Links, Challaghatta, Bengaluru -560071. 
CIN No. L65923KA2006PLC040028 
T    +91 80 4602 0100 
E    info@janabank.com 
W  www.janabank.com 
JAMA KARO, JANA KARO 
JSFB/SEC/2025-26/21 
06th May 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400051. 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400001.  
Sub: Transcript of Investor/ Analyst call. 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam,    
Please find attached, transcript of investor/ analyst conference call held on 29th April 2025. The same will 
also be uploaded in the website of the Bank at www.janabank.com. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record and oblige. 
Thank you 
Yours faithfully 
For Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Lakshmi R N 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
LAKSHMI RAJA 
NARAYANAMURT
HY
Digitally signed by LAKSHMI 
RAJA NARAYANAMURTHY 
Date: 2025.05.06 16:05:46 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
“Jana Small Finance Bank Limited Q4 & FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY KANWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER,  
MR. ABHILASH SANDUR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
& 
OTHER SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM MEMBERS 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SANJANA FAUJDAR – NUVAMA WEALTH AND 
INVESTMENT LIMITED 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jana Small Finance Bank Limited Q4 & FY25 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Nuvama Wealth and Investment Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sanjana Faujdar from Nuvama Wealth and Investment Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Sanjana Faujdar: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Good evening, everyone. And welcome to the Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Jana Small Finance Bank. We at Nuvama Wealth like to extend our sincere thanks to the 
Management Team of Jana Small Finance Bank for providing us the opportunity to host this call today. 
 
Joining us on the call are Mr. Ajay Kanwal – Managing Director and CEO, along with our esteemed 
members of the Senior Management Team. 
 
Without further delay, I would now like to hand over the proceedings to the Management. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you so much, team. And good evening to everybody. 
 
So let me start off by a very important milestone for the Bank, which is that, with our Audited 
Results now in the public domain, Jana Bank meets the Universal Bank norm set out by the 
Reserve Bank, which is meeting gross NPA and net NPA below 3% and 1% threshold for 
two consecutive years. With that, we would like to file in our application for the universal 
Bank within the next 30 days. 
 
Secondly, it has been a very tough year, but I must say a very rewarding year. It has been one 
of those years where we had obviously stress in microfinance, and when the year began last 
year, we had 40% microfinance business. But as we have finished the year, our MFI book is 
down to 30% and yet we have grown a solid 19% growth in assets. So fundamentally, our 
strategy of developing multiple lines of business has come through that even if MFI does not 
grow, which in our case has not grown, in fact, its negative growth of 11%, our overall asset 
book has grown 19%. The growth of secured assets in our business is 40%. So that's the first 
most important piece in terms of performance. 
I would now start referring to some of the slides because I think it's easier to then relate to numbers, so 
I will be on Slide #3 which talks of PAT: 
So here is the very interesting simple headline that we have delivered Rs. 501 crores of PAT after doing 
accelerated provision of Rs. 305 crores. The Rs. 305 crores obviously is to make sure that net NPA 
remains below 1%, and Rs. 305 crores obviously have come from increased MFI stress leading to 
obviously most slippages and then our need to provision. Now if you back out, more deferred tax asset 
year-on-year deferrals and the accelerated provision, our adjusted PAT should have been Rs. 779 crores. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
By saying this, I am just trying to give you the ability of the franchise to deliver good PAT, and we will 
talk about that in more detail as we go through. But I just want to tell you that delivering this PAT in a 
tough year in our minds has been one of our strongest performances till date. 
I would now move on to the next slide which talks about asset, and I did give you a glimpse of that a 
bit earlier. 
So yes, while MFI was stressed and we did spend a lot of time focusing on collections and getting things 
right, we were never doubtful in our minds that our future was always secured in nature. So we used 
that time to increase our secured throughput. As you can see that the advances growth is 19%, of course, 
banking industry is 11%, but our secured is 40% solid. And this is not the first year. You will see later 
in the slide that the growth between the years 2022 to 2025, the CAGR has been 40% on secured. It is 
just that even though the base keeps growing, we still continue to deliver 40%. The unsecured degrowth 
has been 11%. The only silver lining here is, in Quarter 4 unsecured has eked out a small gain of 0.2%. 
It is fair to say our unsecured growth rate will remain stable or slightly positive as we go into this year. 
And the big challenge around the book not growing is behind us. 
I must also add that the MFI book, 28% of which is now under the guarantee program. As we all know 
that this guarantee program takes in new disbursements, so we will complete the balance 70%-odd 
through this year. So by September, we will mostly be 90%-odd under the guarantee program. And you 
will see later details with what goes under CGFMU and what goes under CGTMSE, we are doing a mix 
of both. I must also tell you that the way we operate is we kind of start investing in products so that it 
is good for our customers, they are getting multi products from us, but at some points we think the 
products by themselves have become profitable as they matured into a good business. I am so glad to 
tell you that you will see the numbers later, gold and two wheelers have become that businesses. 
Business we were investing for some time, but now you can see the growth rates, you have seen the 
size, we do think that in our minds they are no more the babies, they have become good strong teenagers 
and they will run very fast. 
Having reached those two with gold and two wheelers, we have now started focusing to put our 
measured investment money into used car growth and supply chain financing, so that a year or two 
years from now, I will be in front of all of you by saying that our used car business and supply chain 
businesses have become reasonably strong healthy growth businesses. So overall, I will share with you 
number by number of secured asset growth, but we are very proud of the advances of 19% that we have 
made in spite of our unsecured growth of minus 11%. 
I draw your attention to Slide #5 on deposits. 29% has been the deposit growth this year against the 
industry growth of 11%. Our deposits now stand at Rs. 29,120 crores and you will see our CD ratio is 
now down to 93.3%. If you add in the refinance, it is only 82.9%. So we are very, very liquid. And as 
you know, we had the strongest LCR, it continues to remain the strongest. But like I had told all our 
investors and analysts that we will keep bringing down the LCR as liquidity improves, our LCR has 
dropped from last year 391% to 253% and we will continue dropping it further. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
CASA, it grew at 18%. But I would like you to see a page or two later that our 18% growth includes 
the price of dropping SA by 9 bps. Because as well all know, many folks can grow CASA, but there is 
a cost to it. I think very few people can grow CASA with improving the price on it. And that you will 
see the actual physical numbers as we go along. We have also added Andhra Pradesh as our 25th state 
and we are very delighted that we are able to now do business in that state because we do feel there is 
going to be a very good and strong economic development in Andhra Pradesh. 
So now, before I move on, asset at 19%, secured assets 40%, unsecured minus 11%, CASA at 18%, 
deposit at 29%, CD ratio at 93.3%. There is nothing here which tells me that we should not be feeling 
very bullish and very strong about what is going to come in the following years. 
The one question we should be very clear about what to expect on any more credit costs, so I would 
like to then quickly, and importantly go to this credit cost page. If you see the regulatory provision, it 
is down from last year. The incremental accelerated provision is Rs. 305 crores versus with Rs. 73 
crores last year. Yes, Rs. 305 crores will stand us in a very good stead this year, a lot of it will become 
recoveries. Having said that, our net credit costs, if you really back out accelerated provision, it is about 
Rs. 325 crores, which we think is a very healthy number. But having said that, the reality is, yes, we 
would like to keep ourselves very alert and very focused. If you see the additions of gross NPA in the 
next table, you have seen a slight addition from Karnataka in the Quarter 4. Our Karnataka book is only 
Rs. 560 crores, which exists on the Bank's books. 
So I want to bring back to a very important point which we have always spoken of in the past that Jana 
has always taken a position where it does not want to have any concentration of any asset in a particular 
geography. Karnataka happens to be the head office of our Bank. Karnataka should have been a large 
book, but by design we have not kept a large book. To anticipate the next questions and how big is your 
MFI book in Tamil Nadu? It's Rs. 1,000 crores. It is not a significant number. It's not something that 
can shake our numbers too much. Not that we expect anything to go wrong in Tamil Nadu, but we are 
just being more careful. 
So really, I want to come back to GNPA saying, yes, the peak is behind us. We will remain very 
watchful. I think the real celebration to our mind will begin from maybe Q2, going into Q3. So we 
continue working hard. Our PCRs are strong. They have accelerated our provision to Rs. 305 crores. 
And we are in very good credit shape, as I would put it, because when the book is dropped of MFI from 
Rs. 10,000 crores to now Rs. 8,900-odd crores, it has taken most of the poison away. So that goes for 
credit cost. Very clearly, worst behind. Things are improving. Karnataka, small problem. We do not 
have a big book, already baked into our Q4 numbers. And we move into this financial year with lot of 
strength on the way we manage our collections, our credit, and of course, with a large amount of 
provision available with us. 
I want to talk about two things which are very dear to us. We always were proud of our cost-to-income, 
which last year we finished at 57.4%. I have mentioned to all of us that our bias was to take 57% down 
in the three year period to a 54% number. We have unfortunately this year have gone the wrong way; 
we have become 61.3%. The single biggest reason is, drop in revenue from unsecured. And that has 
really caused the income to compress from an unsecured perspective, so we really cannot address costs 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
so quickly in the short-term. But let me assure you, we will come back to first-digit being 5 this financial 
year, because we know that cost is a certainty and managing cost remains most crucial to us, largely led 
by digital and productivity. 
I mentioned CASA earlier, saying CASA has grown, but not by increasing money and you can see our 
CASA cost is down to 4.36% while we have grown to Rs. 5,235 crores, which is a healthy growth rate 
of 18% in CASA. So I thought before I go into deeper numbers, I will give out the highlights and 
probably answer some of the important questions and give you the messages from the Bank’s side. 
Now I would like to move onto Slide #8. Now here is an important one, our capital adequacy has moved 
upto 20.7%. It was 20.3% last year and we have not raised capital. It only tells you that we do not need 
to raise any more capital. The reason, the capital has improved from 20.3% to 20.7%, and as you all 
know it largely Tier-1, we have hardly any Tier-2 capital is for three reasons. First, profit of Rs. 501 
crores PAT; second, 28% have gone to CGTMSE and CGFMU; and third, we have a Rs. 1,000 crores 
roughly about Gold loan book. All these three things will be real this year also. So, what you should 
expect is, our capital adequacy to further strengthen without raising a single rupee of Tier-1 or Tier-2 
as we get into this year. And we continue to drive numbers. 
Now, again, if you see the highlights of this year, give me a second. Okay. Other highlights on this page 
that I could have picked up was, gross NPA at 2.5% which has improved from 2.7% and everything 
else which you look at return ratios or you look at the ROEs, they have improved in Quarter 4. On a 
full year basis, which is on Slide #9, I think this is a very important slide for us because it pretty much 
puts in Rs. 30,000 crores of asset and liabilities. This becomes a significant number from our 
perspective, and we are very proud of the 70% secured advances. 
I will move on to Slide #11, and I really want you all to spend time on Slide #11. I really wish I can 
show you a similar slide every year, but let me take some time in being a little bit less modest by reading 
some of the advanced growth which I have highlighted in pink. Affordable housing this year has grown 
by 37.8%. Our micro-LAP has grown 21.6%. Our MSME loans have grown by 29.1%. Our NBFC, 
which has been one of our best books has grown by 50% in the Quarter 4. They have slowed down 
because every other business really grew very hard in Quarter 4. Two-wheeler loan at 105%. Gold loans 
at 237.6%. 
Kindly ignore the gross NPA of 2.7% on gold loans because that is technical in nature. And loans 
against FD is really not something that we think will grow further, as you know, it's very low 
profitability oriented. Overall growth in secured assets is 40%. And where we sit, we would like to 
continue the same growth rate and there is no reason why we should not continue the same growth rate 
of secured asset growth. 
On unsecured, too much negativity on MFI, I do not think so it's warranted. We know businesses has 
its challenges. One has to grow the business in a more measured way. And here I must say that for us 
growing the unsecured book by 0.2% in Quarter 4, I see that as positive. Because the way the unsecured 
business works is, if my collectors are unsure of collections they will not give the next loan. It does not 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
matter how much hard we try to push, ultimately the ground team, which is a few thousand people, they 
should feel confident that things are back on track. 
So when I see a growth rate on my books and unsecured advances, I see a confident frontline who is 
very comfortable in saying that, listen, we have been through the worst, I think we can collect, and I do 
not have to tell you that we are far more conservative than any MFIN guardrail. For no other reason, 
that we do feel that every player has a different approach. And unless we are not clear of how the 
industry emerges, we would like to remain very, very conservative. And I would give you the 
conservatism number. If any of my existing customers have more than Rs. 50,000, with any other 
institution, I will not give him a next loan. We are so hard-nosed; we are not moving at Rs. 2 lakhs 
being the outer limit, we are operating at Rs. 50,000 as our level, that I will not give the next loan if he's 
got more than Rs. 50,000 exposure. 
So here is the very important piece where secured is strong, healthy, and will continue to show very 
good growth. I do not have to read the GNPA numbers for you. You folks must have already glanced 
it. They are very healthy and gives you a lot of promise. 
I want to move on to Slide #13 then. And this is where I said 28% guarantee program, 0.2% is the 
growth in the 4th Quarter and it has been very positive. Our BC book is down to 5%, but I must tell you 
that we see lot of progress made by the BCs. All the BCs, the three of them that had challenge in the 
book, they are standing strong, they are standing steadfast, they are fighting back, they are collecting. 
And I somehow have a very strong feeling that the BC book will show good profitability this year. 
Next, I would like to move to Page number 15. This is our favorite page because this is how the Bank 
is. We are an anchor Bank, we do not like product selling. We would like to give multiple products to 
customers. So Bring Your Bank Home is very crucial to us. And for the first time, we are showing you 
last year versus this year. If you go to any of our past slides, it is where we began HOME 360 versus 
now. I think we have moved on from that phase, because I think all of you folks who have been 
following Jana would know that it rather now we start tracking ourselves year-on-year. And here is the 
best part, this is where customer are showing strong buy-in to the whole idea of having a one single 
Bank which meets all their needs. Our average relationship has moved in single year from 3.6 years to 
3.8 years. 
I have given a small line below, which is, if you assume property and life insurance, it actually become 
6.1. But we take this two out, because they are nearly required for every single housing or micro-LAP 
loan. So we do not add them. And there are some very beautiful spots, I must point out that we are 
delighted with our gold loan penetration at 2.2%, which has moved up from 1.6%. So imagine, first, 
housing loan, micro-LAP customers are growing. In that growth business, which is roughly about 30%-
odd growth, we are also seeing a growth in penetration. So it is like a double growth because your 
penetration improves in on an enlarged growing base from 1.6% to 2.2%, our business loan growth to 
18.5%, two-wheeler has honestly work to do. And the best part is Avg CASA balance is now at Rs. 
28,000 from Rs. 18,000. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
So again, what is that competitive moat? What is the differentiation? How do we become the anchor 
Bank for rising India? This is the page to read. Where will the future operating leverage come from? 
This is the page to read. Where will we get better credit quality because customers have multiple Bank 
arrangements with us? This is the page to read. So this is one of the most important pages in our 
investment deck, because this is fundamentally how the Bank is being built. 
I want to move to Page 16 now and that's where we will be very happy to see CD ratio at 93.3% and 
82.9% including refinance, a very strong growth. Yes, we did have a growth in our cost of deposit, but 
I must tell you that from a 7.7% to an 8%. But here we are sitting in April and we have already had one 
cut in the deposit rates, we have had one cut in our savings rate. And I do feel that our LCR is strong, 
we have room to cut that. So I would argue that you should expect aid back to a lower number during 
this year. 
We continue being very focused and very diversified geographically in deposits also, so nothing 
changes there. So all in all, there is a lot of work for us to do to improve CASA. But this year's CASA 
of 18% growth, while we have reduced the cost of SA, it's showing that the new segment offer we did 
last year, whether it's Exclusive, whether it's Premium, whether it is Legend, are all showing immense 
traction. So we are very happy as we go into this year. And now we have got a few stronger offerings 
which we can see has got strong customer reception to grow this year. 
I will move to slide which is digital. And in digital's page, if you see every number, I struggle how to 
put up a number as headline. Because if you are doing 98% account opening with digital, then there is 
99% and 100% cannot be so important, right? So one thing I must tell you that we are fully focused on 
digital. I would like to share with you the progress of our AI projects, which I will do in the next quarter. 
All I can tell you is that three very specific projects related to productivity, customer service and being 
co-pilot to our front end, we have already started work on. I am not building any of that into my next 
year numbers. But all I can tell you is when I do talk of digital next year, or rather this financial year, I 
would certainly be talking a bit about our solid progress on AI. 
I would then like all of you to move to Page number 22 with me, this is our PCR page. First important 
point, out of our net NPA of Rs. 250 crores, the biggest chunk of net NPA left is secured with an LTV 
of 43.3%. So good news is, we are in a very strong position when it comes to credit cost going into next 
year. And our PCR, including tech write-off, and this is the tech write-off in the same year, it is not 
cumulative tech write-off that stands at 80%. So, yes, I mean, and as you can see on the right-hand side, 
it's never been a big book. But our restructured book has always been low and restructured book 
unsecured is down to Rs. 3 crores, which is negligible. All the secured ones have property backing, so 
nothing here which should bother any of us. 
I will then move to Page number 23, which talks of numbers. And again, very important is to notice 
Quarter 4. Rs. 105 crores PAT has become Rs. 120 crores. Operating margin up from Rs. 279 crores to 
Rs. 293 crores, so Quarter 4 is a positive direction. And that should give us, and certainly you, a sense 
of direction the Bank will take. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
I will then move on to the balance sheet slide, which is Slide #24. Important is, our liquidity as of 31st  
March has been the highest in the past. It is at Rs. 2,816 crores. And importantly, our refinance which 
we availed this year has increased our tenor of refinance to 5.6 years, roughly about 4.7 years last year. 
So very important to understand why do we take refinance? Because this is long tenure borrowing, these 
are essentially from NABARD, NHB and SIDBI, and we are thankful to all the refinance institutions 
for really giving us this long-term money. And I wanted to put 5.6 years because it gives you a true 
sense of what is it doing to our ALM.  
It's really helping us tremendously and I have mentioned in the past, cost is not the challenge. So we 
remain liquid. We are very well covered on credit. We have a strong secured asset growth. In a tough 
year, we have grown 29% on deposits. So I would like to finish with Slide #25 which is guidance for 
this year where we would continue to grow AUM by 20%, deposit’s certainly in the 20%, PAT at 30%, 
ROA between the 1.6% to 2% and ROE at between 15% to 18%. 
I am very conscious that you will have more questions than I would have answered, so I will stop here 
and I will now open the house for questions which me and my team here will take. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Manish Oswal from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manish Oswal: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and quite a resilient performance given the industry challenging 
scenario. My first question is on our performance on the net interest margin side during the year. So, 
we all know there is asset quality pressure, higher slippages so there will be some interest reversal. And 
another factor which is playing out is the increasing cost of funds because deposits cost has also 
increased during the period. Now going into the FY26 when both the sectors turn positive from a macro 
standpoint, how do you see our margin performance? Plus we will see some growth in our unsecured 
book which also helps us to improve our margin, so where do you see our margins to be compared to 
FY25? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So, Manish, first, thank you so much. And yes, you are 100% correct. I must tell you this, when we had 
modeled our three-year numbers, like, what will we look three years from now when we become 80% 
secured, our NIM, when we had turned 80% secured, should have been 7.7%, we are finishing around 
7.6%. So we are really off our own projections of NIM because we should have been 7.7% when we 
were 80% secured as per us. But let me give a few things, and you have mentioned a few of them 
already, which is interest expense is the issue. Unsecured has, actually de-grown and that impact is quite 
heavy, as you know. But yes, both of them should be positive, which is less gross NPA and net NPA, 
unsecured will grow. That is certainly another positive. 
 
The third piece, but I think the most important piece I must tell you, I did a calculation and a study of 
what is my NIMs for my secured products, March '24 to March '25, in spite of cost of fund increase. 
And the good news is, my NIMs of secured are identical between March '24 and March '25 in spite of 
cost of deposit going up. So my confidence in saying, yes, NIMs will get better this year, has not only 
got interest in suspense, growth in unsecured, drop in cost of deposit. But my biggest strength today is 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
my secured business is 70% of my book, and that is holding very well. So yes, Manish, we should 
expect NIMs to improve as we go into this financial year, and I mentioned all the right reasons for that. 
Manish Oswal: 
Yes. And the second question, from your remarks you said that currently the 28% book is at under 
guarantee program, and by September, 90% of our MFI book will be under guarantee program. So let's 
see once here the hypothetical scenario when this kind of credit event happens, where we make the lot 
of saving in terms of credit cost from P&L standpoint in that 90% scenario? Can you explain that thing 
for us? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes. So I will give you the CGFMU example because that is an easier example to share. Let's say there 
is an event tomorrow and there is a 10% gross NPA need, the cost to the Bank, and Abhilash, help me, 
if there is a 10% gross NPA or provisioning need, our impact to the Bank will be what?  
Abhilash Sandur: 
2.7%.  
Ajay Kanwal: 
2.7% And that includes a 1% cost on top.  
Abhilash Sandur: 
On top of it, yes. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So 3.7%. So on a 10% gross NPA, under CGFMU, my impact should be 3.7%. So, Manish, what I am 
really trying to do, and rightly so, not just me, I am sure other players are also going this way, taking 
the event risk away. I mean, I can handle a small drought, I can handle a small unemployment issue or 
a particular state has some other disturbance. What I cannot handle is a large-scale disturbance. And I 
do not want, when I am turned 70% secured, that 30% to disturb the Bank, right? And that is the only 
problem that I do not want to be sitting in future with.  
 
So our bias is, please provision for the cost. When I said I will grow PAT by 30%, Manish, the cost of 
guaranteeing the balance 70%-odd, I have already included in my numbers. But the good thing is, once 
I do it this year, then every other year after that on a year-on-year will not be impacted. My 30% growth 
in PAT already assumes that the Rs. 50 crores odd I would need to do my provisioning, to do my 
guarantee program, it is already baked in my numbers. 
Manish Oswal: 
Lastly sir, you talked about your cost to income ratio because this year we had a lower income and that's 
why the cost to income ratio increased against our guidance of 54%. And you said the first digit will be 
5 in cost to income ratio. So going into slightly deeper perspective like if I see the 20% growth of our 
balance sheet, where do you see our expenses to track down the balance sheet growth, lower than that? 
How one should think of it, given the mix of the business? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So first, I will tell you very basic approach here. See one is, I have the same number of people in 
unsecured when I was doing Rs. 10,000 crores as I am doing today. So I am at Rs. 9,000 crores with 
the same number of people when I had Rs. 10,000 crores. So I can see that my unsecured does not need 
more headcount. And between you and me, it's very simple here, the biggest cost growth really is 
headcount. What we have done this year is really invested in growth of our secured business. Because 
we have two choices when things go wrong which is like, we all get scared and we start hoping for 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
things to solve themselves and we start then growing, or we say, listen, this is our chance. God is telling 
us that listen, you need to take the pivot to secured even faster, even harder. 
 
I will give you one number. When we began March '24, the number of people who were in business, 
that is in sales, in affordable housing and micro-LAP was 1,800 people. I am finishing March '25 with 
3,300 people in affordable housing and micro-LAP. I think I already made the investment; it is already 
baked into my numbers. We should see a strong growth already. So first, you will not see as much cost 
growth this year as you saw last year. That is the first point I am making. And by giving you the two 
big headcount guzzlers of our banks, which is both microfinance as well as housing, I am explaining 
why cost will cost not grow up. 
 
The other answer you already know, which is, revenue will go up as we do more unsecured and as the 
balance sheet grows. The third piece I mentioned was digitalization and some of the AI project kicking-
in, but I am not building for that, that will only be something on top of it. So yes, we will have a five-
digit in front of our cost to income as we finish this year.  
Manish Oswal: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for answering all my questions. And we expect predictable earnings to sustain in 
the coming quarters and years. All the very best for your FY27 guidance. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you, Manish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. And sir, congratulations on a good quarter. So sir, firstly, on the 
gold loan. So, if I see on the gold loan GNPA percentage, so it has inched up from 1.1% in the previous 
quarter to 2.7% currently. So could you just help the reasons why is it so? And also the coverage ratio 
has also been maintained around 60% there, so are the LTVs really high or is it something tactical? Yes, 
firstly on that. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So I would put it as, you will not see it at this number when we meet next quarter. I think we could have 
done a slightly better job. I think in the overall way things are, at a particular geography we kind of did 
not pay a bit of attention which is why it's slightly gone up. There is no issue around do we have, our 
average LTV is about 60%-odd, there is not a rupee loss in gold, it's very technical in nature. It's just 
something that we could have probably done, “better handling” is how I would put it. We will fix it 
before we meet you next quarter. 
 
So good thing about gold is, we are very comfortable with growth. We will continue growing very 
strongly. And you will see that when the quarter results two months away, we already finished the first 
month, right? We are very comfortable with the gold. 2.7% is a very technical issue, it's got nothing to 
do with fraud or gold valuation or anything like that. It's just the way one of our geographies had 
managed the interest collection. So that is a fixable issue. Already most of it is fixed, nothing to worry 
about. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And so, sir, on the RBI gold loan circular, so is there any impact to us due to this circular? 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So, I think the impact is very positive because it says that all regulated entities, which includes NBFCs 
and banks, should have 75% loan to value, including the interest. And as you know, that was the 
difference between banks and NBFCs where NBFCs were able to do 75% without the interest, so I 
think there is a level playing field. I think there is clear guidance on what should happen during 
renewals, what should happen during top up. So that ambiguity has gone away from everybody's mind. 
I think they have been very clear. So I do think that, from our perspective, the gold loan gives us what 
I would think is commonality and one platform for all the players which is great, so it's a level playing 
field.  
 
And two, there was some discussion in the system that could you do it this way or that way? I think it 
has been very, very clear right now. So it's very helpful to us. We are very, very enthused with this. And 
I must tell you that as we speak, wherever we had part time valuers we are turning to full time valuers, 
we are thinking of getting a few machines on karatometers so that we can expand that business. So yes, 
I mean, I said gold has given us confidence. You have seen our stupendous growth last year and you 
should see an equally strong one, if not a stronger one this year. It will be a core business to us and it's 
important to our customers. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. That is helpful. And sir, secondly now on the growth, now I think for the next quarter we are 
guiding for a similar growth on the loan as well as the deposit front given that the CD ratio is now well 
under control. So that should also be aiding margin, right, is that a fair assessment? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes. So, Chintan, first, I must tell you, see, CD ratio never held us back. For us managing CD ratio, 
including refinance, has always been our basic going in position. The reason we have made sure that 
we did this deposit growth is to take away any of the question that people may have. It's a bit of a cost 
to us as you can see. We have now Rs. 2,800 crores as surplus cash. We typically had Rs. 1,500 crores. 
So it's a bit of cash. But I think we have taken up with that question mark then people used to tell if you 
can grow the deposit base, the market is so stuck, what will happen, etc. So I think that question is now 
no more a question, is what I would assume, we already had that comfort, but I am now transporting 
the comfort to all my current or future investors. 
 
Yes, so here is the good part. My secured is growing very strong. It will grow very strong. The margins 
are very stable. Very important, our secured business is not a product business, it's a multi-product 
business. I must tell you, in my gold loan growth, my branch banking which are doing liabilities, has a 
very important role to play. My two wheeler sales people are also selling gold loans. And it is very 
important because this is a culture of the organization. You are building an organization where every 
single banker is conscious that his role is to give as many needs as possible of a customer met through 
our Bank. And I am giving those examples because to us that is the most important thing. We will 
certainly do a strong asset growth, be rest assured. Margins will improve. We just mentioned to Manish 
earlier the reasons. Yes, I mean, there's nothing else that I can add further. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. So sir, just a follow-up on this. So you tell, what would your product per customer right now and 
how was it like one year or two years back? 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So, Chintan, if you look at this slide number, that 16 number slide, but this is our housing and micro-
LAP book. So I just want to step back and tell everyone what is our original view. Our original view is, 
the base product for Bank will be housing, so it is micro-LAP or affordable housing, MSME LAP. So 
we want house to be the base. We think home, whether it is where you stay or where you work. It is a 
linchpin of a consumer. Wherever he has his home loan, where his home relationship is, LAP is, that 
will be the primary Bank to a customer. That has not changed. We have done some work internally 
where we feel as you go out into the future, between 50% to 60% of the Bank's book will be property 
backed.  
 
Property is the most resilient asset through any cycle. Now, obviously when you do property, you can 
do prime mortgages which does not give you enough ROA/ROE for us, or you can do affordable 
housing which is hard work, does give you higher GNPA, but is obviously a high ROA/ROE business, 
so which is where we are. And as you can see, very importantly, customers do not like to go to multiple 
institutions. I take a gold loan from X, I take a two wheeler from Y, I keep my Bank account as Z, 
personal loan from A. It does not work, it's just too complicated for customers from the KYC angle, 
multiple repayments. It's a hazard, right? 
 
And you can see from Page number 16 that it works very well with customers. Customers like it. I 
mean, A, it is of course the most common sense thing to say. But the issue has always been execution. 
Two, banks execute on a customer vision, and it's a tough one because all banks have silos, right, 
affordable housing team is different from the gold team. But will the gold team sell affordable housing 
and affordable housing sells gold? That's cultural and the way you build incentive, the way you train, 
the way you make people think about organization, the way your processes are, the way your systems 
are organized. And for us the good news is, we have that working for us and we just want to accelerate 
that further. At some point, I will try and give other products cross holding also so that you can see how 
the Bank is really building itself into customer strategy. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And sir, if I just may one last question. So on the accelerated provision, so now we have Rs. 305 
crores. So there are any further plans of making further accelerated provision in FY26? And how do 
you plan to utilize this or what could trigger the utilization of these provisions? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So actually this is a bit of a very simple one, which is these provisions are against specific accounts. If 
the account needs further provisioning, we will use Rs. 305 crores. If these account do not need any 
provisioning, this will not be used. If these accounts improve, which is they repay us back or they 
become out of NPA, then we will release the provision. So that's the three ways it can be used.  
Chintan Shah: 
So those account are currently standard on the -- 
Ajay Kanwal: 
No, they are all NPA accounts. The accelerated provision is only on NPA accounts. The Rs. 305 crores 
is stacked against NPA accounts. So it will defray my provisioning into the future. 
Chintan Shah: 
So these provisions are more than what is the regulatory requirement, so that is why it is known as 
accelerated, right? 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you so much. Maybe I should have mentioned it, I took it for granted. Yes, so which is why if 
you see the page, which is Page 1 itself, it talks about regulatory provision, what is required as per the 
norms and there's an accelerated provision on specific NPA accounts. When those accounts mature, 
when I say rather they are resolved and they become standard, I release the provision. If they do not get 
resolved, they will need more provisioning. I already have accelerated provision and I would not 
provision further. The borderline, Chintan, most important to us is that we will need to maintain a net 
NPA below 1%, gross NPA below 3% as we continue through the Universal Bank application journey. 
 
So yes, I will tell you that we will have some accelerated provision this year also. But again, why the 
acceleration on Rs. 300 crores and not Rs. 200 crores? Because of MFI stress. If there is no stress, 
acceleration would have been lower here. So I expect it to be much lower this year but would not be 
zero because we would like to keep net NPA below 1% and gross NPA below 3%. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. This is quite helpful. Yes, thank you for the opportunity and all the best. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you, Chintan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of data-keeping questions. Can you break the slippage number in 
secured and unsecured? I want to see how the secured asset quality is playing out. And similarly if you 
can share the write-off number for Q4 as well as for FY25, and again break it down in between secured 
and unsecured? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Okay. That's an easy one. The CFO is again pulling it out, do you have a follow-up question while he 
pulls it out? 
Nidhesh Jain: 
No, no, that's it. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Okay. So why don’t we take the next question while he pulls up the data. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thanks, Nidhesh. 
Moderator: 
Shall we move to the next question? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes, please move to next and then just come back. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Good evening, everyone. And thanks for the opportunity. Sir, can you give the breakup of these 
regulatory provisions of Rs. 448 crores in terms of MFI and secured book? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Rs. 448 crores, just one second, please. Abhilash is already working on this and we will bring it out. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes, all the Excel spreadsheets are working on the sides because we are not breaking them. We have 
products by products, we do not have secured/unsecured as a break. So if you told to give me MFI like 
individual loan, group loan, etc., they have the numbers, they are just adding it up. One more second. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Sure. Perfect. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Out of the Rs. 448 crores, roughly about Rs. 280 crores is for unsecured and the balance is for secured, 
so 280 is for 30% of the book and the balance is secured portion. So, Rs. 280 crores is MFI, which is 
30% of our asset book and the rest is for secured. So that answers that. I still owe earlier a question to 
Investec on flow rates. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So just for understanding purposes, that seems to be an excellent performance considering the last year 
what across the players the industry has seen in terms of credit cost. So my thought process, I want to 
understand from you is that, in my understanding and my calculations, CGFMU cross cycle normally 
the cost somewhere falls in the range of 2.7% to 3%-odd. And as for this number, we are around 2.8% 
in terms of credit costs, right? So in worst of the cycles, if we are having a credit cost which is less than 
3%, which is a phenomenal job, why should we be spending on CGFMU cover? Because generally the 
cycle phases out, say, once in three years. So can you explain me this? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Sure. So here is my thought there. First, I will talk a bit about the book. See, we had a BC book where 
we had FLDG from the BCs. So roughly about Rs. 120 odd crores odd of provisioning came from the 
BC book, which is why it is not my credit cost. So that's one. And while the BC book's GNPA is high, 
we have always mentioned this through the year, the BC strategy is around preparing also for a year 
where it becomes a bit rough for us. So BC has been a positive in terms of credit cost, which may not 
be true for every player. 
 
Second, nearly about 55% to 60% of our book is actually individual loans and a larger portion of that 
is actually urban in nature. And this time, as you know, it is more a group loan problem, it is more rural 
in nature. So the second reason why we should be differential in terms of performance from the rest. 
 
The third piece, I will just give you the single number. If you take a CAGR of unsecured growth for 
Jana Bank from 2018 to 2025, which is only seven years, it will be the 1.5% number, plus or minus a 
bit. So we have never grown aggressively. And the only problem in unsecured is, when you grow 
aggressively you do things which are not normal growth cycle growth. So three reasons why our 
unsecured should have always been better than any regular competitor. And we have been saying this 
for some time, but that's a different matter. 
 
Now why would I do CGFMU, CGTMSE? See, I cannot predict every down cycle here. I do not want 
to be sitting here with you tomorrow and there is something more severe happens and I feel that I try to 
save some money here. And remember, this money only this year will be an impact, from next year will 
be on year-on-year basis impact. And as you have seen that MFI continues, whether it's demonetization, 
followed by COVID distress, there is some small possibilities that we have seen a Karnataka small 
decline. Maybe it could have been worse.  

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
 
I just feel that it's probably good for the Bank, than maybe I give a bit of ROE, bit of ROA, but we get 
that event risk out of our minds here. I certainly do not see us exiting the MFI business, it has a lot of 
value. But I do not see ourselves taking that chance that something unmanageable happens and then we 
are all wondering why did we save the 1% here. I know its 1% per year, but I do think it is worth that 
we actually just solve it here. And I do not know if this is the worst stress year, maybe next year will 
be even worse. I do not know. I do not want to be in a position where I do not know. Does that help? 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. So just a follow-up on the similar line. We have seen a very good jump in non-interest income, 
other income, right, on a Q-on-Q basis as well. Anything to look out there, any one-offs? And also, are 
we charging our customers for those CGFMU what we are buying, what we are doing for their loans? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
No. So we have not changed the customer IRRs at all. We have kept the IRRs the same. Because frankly 
a guarantee or non-guarantee, we wouldn't like our customers to kind of use that and say, okay, anyway 
you got a guarantee, I would not pay you. So we have kept that very much within ourselves. That's one. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So there's no charge for CGFMU for the customer, right? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes. The customer IRR is intact. So sorry, do you want to finish that question -- and if there isn't 
anything else, we can go back to the last question on flow rates. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
No, no, please continue, continue. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
I will just repeat the question which Nidhesh said earlier. Nidhesh, the unsecured flow rate was gross 
loan, not net, it's Rs. 309 crores, up from Rs. 277 crores in Quarter 3. And that was primarily to do with 
the Karnataka thing. And on secured, it remained very flat between Q3 and Q4 at around Rs. 150 crores. 
Nidhesh, does it answer your question? 
Shailesh Kanani: 
I think he's not online. It is still Shailesh here, sir, from my side. Sir, just to continue on my non-interest 
income part, can you share any one-offs over there in the non-interest income? 
Abhilash Sandur: 
The PSL income is almost Rs. 18 crores for the quarter. They are up in the quarter. And net is about Rs. 
6 crores, but Other income, he is referring directly from the financials, there we have booked Rs. 18 
crores and we have also booked a cost of Rs. 13 crores under the OPEX. So that's why the OPEX is 
also slightly elevated and other income is also elevated. Net, we have gained around Rs. 5 crores 
between expense and income. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
That is the only one-off. Rs. 18 crores is added to the other income line. And we have lost Rs. 13 crores 
on the OPEX line. That is both PSLC transactions. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just last bookkeeping question, can you give a breakup of CA and SA numbers? That 
would be all from my side, sir. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Okay. SA is there as Rs. 5,000 crores something. The rest is CA. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thanks a lot, sir. And best of luck. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. Please go ahead. 
Saumil Shah: 
Sir, for FY25 if you remove accelerated provisions, then our PAT is about Rs. 780 crores. So if you 
were to calculate 20% growth for FY26 plus some reversals which we may have from these accelerated 
provisions. So can we assume we can cross four-figure mark in terms of PAT for FY26? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
See, not all accelerated will be unused. See, accelerated provision is for NPA customers, right? Some 
NPA customers will not return the money, so some NPA customers will become going to full provision, 
right? So not all of Rs. 305 crores will not be required in this year, so that's one. Number two, we will 
do some accelerated provisions this year also. But yes, I would argue and think about maybe if all things 
go well, the following year we can talk of somewhere around that number. 
Saumil Shah: 
We also have a DTA benefit, right? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Because see, I will give you a simple back of the envelope here. If we had unsecured growth of Rs. 
1,000 crores this year, so Rs. 9,000 crores becomes Rs. 10,000 crores. This was our March '24 number. 
So March '24 was Rs. 10,000 crores unsecured becomes Rs. 9,000 crores this year, rough and ready. 
Next year goes back to Rs. 10,000 crores which is FY '26. That will add straight to bottom-line 
minimum Rs. 100 crores. And of course, less provisioning, some recovery from the past, it all looks 
nice and we know that. Now the question is, we do not want to grow so fast. We want to make sure that 
the environment is cleaner, we want to grow, like I said very, very conservatively on unsecured till we 
know that everything looks sorted. Today, unsecured MFI does not look as totally sorted, it is still a 
mixed bag. It is mixed by geography, it has got some trouble in a particular state unexpectedly. So I 
would have loved to reach the four-figure mark, and I must tell you that this has been not just mine but 
our entire management team's dream, that we should get there as fast as we can. But I do not want to 
chance it. So, yes, I would give myself one more year for that. 
Saumil Shah: 
So what are the guidance for FY26 in terms of PAT? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
What I have put it in the guidance note which has 30% approximately and we will probably get more 
firmer on that guidance as the year progresses. 
Saumil Shah: 
I think that's a conservative guidance. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
We are a 70% secured Bank, my friend. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, any credit cost guidance for FY26? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So certainly lower than this year. How much lower? Give us a quarter to go by. Like I said, let some of 
the unknowns, at least how much does Karnataka finally fall through, does Tamil Nadu become a small 
issue? I do not know all these things. So just give me a bit of time. But all I can tell you it will be, 
obviously, the elephant is out the room, the big provision has been done. Last year is over, so it'll get 
better than this year. More firmer numbers, we will give when we probably meet you after 1st Quarter. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Saumil Shah: 
Sir, my final question. Sir, on the deferred tax effect, what is the amount left with us for FY27? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
See the way you think about it is like this, first, you have enough DTA left. Right now the DTA between 
last year and this year is Rs. 155 crores plus. This year is how much? 
Abhilash Sandur: 
Its totally Rs. 185 crores now. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Rs. 185 crores. So see, the final year of DTA is FY27. 
Abhilash Sandur: 
Correct. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
That year, right now, DTA is Rs. 177 crores. Let's say DTA becomes Rs. 200 crores by FY26. At 25%, 
that means I should minimum make a PAT of, or rather PBT of Rs. 800 crores in the year FY27. So 
that's how you should think about DTA. So, DTA has probably another, if you ask me, between Rs. 20 
crores to another Rs. 40 crores addition at best, depending on how this year pans out. And yes, we will 
continue to be non-taxable FY27. We are short of where we had promised PAT this year. So we were 
hoping to get a PAT of between Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 700 crores in last financial year, which we have 
not done, we have got Rs. 501 crores. So you can expect probably about Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 60 crores 
of DTA to be lost based on last year's performance. 
Saumil Shah: 
So, basically FY25 end, how much we are left with, around Rs. 660 crores? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes. Rs. 500 crores odd. 
Abhilash Sandur: 
Rs. 550 crores. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Rs. 550 crores, yes. 
Saumil Shah: 
We are left with Rs. 550 crores. Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niharika Karnani from CapGrow Capital. Please go ahead. 
Niharika Karnani: 
Good evening. Congratulations on good set of numbers. So, a couple of questions from my end. In the 
adjusted ROA of 2.31%, so just wanted to have an idea like how much ROA is generated purely through 
BC book? Question one. And question two is, have we done any kind of asset sale to ARCs this year? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So the first one is, see, ROA on a BC book on a year basis would be tough to say. Because a bad year 
means ROA is negative, on a good year the ROA will be very positive. We have looked at through the 
cycle performance of a BC or an MFI book combined, ROA comes around 2%. And I am talking of 
fully loaded through the cycle credit cost. You can normally assume between 4% to 6%. So that's why 
we do BC and why we do MFI because like this year cannot be a great number for any ROA for any 
MFI book or for a BC book. But if you go to the previous year, it is like a brilliant number. So we kind 
of average it out. Yes, we have done ARC sale this year, both on secured and unsecured. And mainly 
unsecured. As you know, the provisioning for an unsecured book with ARC or within the Bank has to 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
be identical. So what I am trying to say is, there is no difference of provisioning for the Bank, whether 
the asset sits in ARC or whether the asset sits in the Bank. It is an identical provisioning methodology. 
Niharika Karnani: 
Understood. Sir, just one follow-up question here. Has the ARC sales gone up in FY25 compared to 
FY24? And what would be the Bank's practice in the future years regarding this? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So, listen, we think ARC is a good tool for the Bank. It gives time for collections. It obviously brings 
in some cases, some expertise from the ARC companies. So we certainly would like to play a judicious 
mix. It is also a cost, so which is, as I said, all depends on three things, which is, what is the flow rates 
into gross NPA, net NPAs, that is the first determinant. Based on the flow size, we decide whether we 
would like to continue with our provisioning, hold it with us, or would we like to get some time to solve 
it and hold it with the ARC.  
 
What we are very mindful of is, provisioning is identical between the Bank and the ARC. And two, for 
the ARC is also, in some cases, to get any expertise from them, certainly in the secured side. They do 
have a lot of help that they can provide and a lot of experience that they bring in. So those are the 
parameters. So, yes, ARC is a good thing to do. It is certainly a tool available for banks to manage their 
NPAs better. And something we would certainly keep as a tool in our handbag as we go into next year. 
Whether we do it or not do it, all depends on how the NPA flows through. 
Niharika Karnani: 
Got it. And sir, just last question, any difference in asset quality results in difference in provisioning 
when ARC sales is done? So I wanted to ask here what's the practice of banks to sell what quality of 
assets to ARCs and keep it in its own books? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Firstly, it is a regulation, there cannot be any difference. You only decide what takes longer to resolve 
and where you need expertise, and that is the one that you choose. And you decide the quantum based 
on what you think you want to continue on your books as provisioning or what you take on the ARC 
book. Because as you sell to an ARC, your gross NPA comes down. So it really helps you to figure out 
on a gross NPA, you want to reduce gross NPA by taking technical provisions, you want to reduce gross 
NPAs using an ARC. And that depends on the flow of the year. So again, first, just to be very clear, it 
is a RBI regulation, you cannot have a differential structure between ARC, non-ARC, in terms of 
provisioning, it’s an identical asset. You provision an ARC book as it is on your books, that is an ARC 
customer. 
Niharika Karnani: 
Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Shah from Spark PWM. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Shah: 
Good evening sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I had around three questions actually. Now my first 
question was on the liability side, our retail deposits as compared to our old deposits is decreasing 
almost quarter-on-quarter, it stands at almost 58% as of now. So, can you highlight that do we have 
some strategy on board to at least increase the retail penetration now in our liability portfolio? Any 
guidance on even branch addition? So that is my first question, sir. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So I will let Shrinivas, who's our Head of Branch Banking, he runs the liability business, answer that. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Shrinivas Murty: 
So, hi. First of all, on the branch addition, it's there in the investor deck, we continue to add branches 
every quarter. So the branch addition will continue in the next financial year as well. On your question 
on drop in retail deposits and what is our strategy to continue to build that? Clearly the product, process 
and people strategy that Ajay talked about will continue to be our main stay to bring in retail deposits. 
Ajay talked about three, four products which we recently come up with which are tracking well. So we 
will continue to build our scale on the retail side with the help of those products. And we think that 
going forward, this should continue to improve in the quarters ahead. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So just to supplement what Shrinivas said, see, first, let's look at the three numbers, CASA growth rate 
is 18%, while the CASA cost has gone down. Retail deposit growth rate at 19% and then bulk growing 
around 48%. So really, retail deposit is growing. But obviously, the bulk is growing faster than retail. 
And as you can see very well that our ability to do TASC accounts, our ability to work with various 
government accounts, our ability to work with various FIGs, that's a very strong propensity we have 
developed. And in spite of having a good growth in bulk, we probably have the best LCR in the industry. 
 
So there is a good virtue we have, which we do not want to give up. But yes, should retail grow harder 
than bulk? Ideally, yes. And maybe this is the year we would say that because liquidity has become 
much better. Our segments, which we launched last year, are showing good results. CASA is showing 
it, retail is showing it. But because we did get a good opportunity on bulk growth, it does look like the 
retail number has gone down. But retail by itself has grown 19%. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. So at least in FY26, can we see that number inching up to 60% to 65%, sir? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Absolutely, that will be our serious and sincere attempt because we also would like to see that higher 
for no other reason. So if you look at the slide #18 we have opened roughly about 52 branches last year. 
28 of the 52 have come in Quarter 4. So we are expanding branch networks. I also mentioned we opened 
the first branch in Andhra, which is in Guntur. And then if you see in the same Page 18, we have this 
Legend, NRI, Exclusive, Premier programs, all launched last year. So yes, you have every reason to 
expect and ask us for more retail deposits. And given our liquidity position now, our need to grow bulk 
is very diminished. So you would see naturally a retail and CASA combined, grow into the 60s this 
year. Absolutely fair to ask. 
Sagar Shah: 
And that would also, basically, at least lower your cost of funds, if I am not wrong, right? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes. Cost of fund, I think anyway should come down, honestly, because even bulk will become cheaper 
this year. So expecting everything to be cheaper this year is fair to expect also. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. Fine, sir. My second question was regarding to the asset quality. Asset quality, you already 
highlighted in the last quarter that we have seen the worst. And in this quarter, again, we saw some sort 
of higher slippages, especially from the unsecured book. And now, you guided earlier on the call that 
FY26 seems to be at least positive for unsecured space. But looking at your BC book and Agri book, 
the asset quality has deteriorated even further, actually. The GNPA has touched almost 12.7% for BC 
book and 7.5% for Agri and still the net NPA is far above 2% for both of these. So going ahead, what 
is the picture for FY26 on both these cases? And secondly, have we actually seen the worst or because 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
you have guided for even further accelerated provisioning on the unsecured front? Can you give color 
on these two segments, sir? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Yes, sure. So first is, you are reading Page #13, am I correct? 
Sagar Shah: 
Yes, that's correct. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So in that page, next to the GNPA is quarter-on-quarter growth, year-on-year growth. And you will see 
that both the BC book is in a decline and agri book is in a decline. So a lot of the gross NPA percentages 
you are referring to is because the denominator is also going down. Is that fair? 
Sagar Shah: 
Yes. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Now, I do not see the denominator going down in any significant way this year. So you will get that 
denominator positivity. And as you can expect in any book, whether it's a BC book or an agri book, 
there are customers who are over-leveraged, there are customers who have used opportunities not to 
pay, and they will kind of flow through and become part of your NPA. So the most aggressive, most 
leveraged, most-naughty customers are already in Net NPA. So the lump left behind is not much. 
Unfortunately, what happens in the agri book is, if you look at the Karnataka problem of the 1st Quarter, 
it’s largely is in the rural area, it's not in the urban areas. So while we did not anticipate a Karnataka 
blip, it did happen in the 1st Quarter. Now, if there is no Tamil Nadu blip, then we will be in a good 
position.  
 
And it is exactly for this reason we do two things. One is, we try to grow slowly and we want to take 
away event risk through guarantee programs. But am I nervous growing Agri? No. I am not sitting here 
saying, listen, it makes me nervous so I would not grow microfinance. I am telling you that, yes, within 
our criteria, we will grow microfinance. Will it grow at 10%? Unlikely. But certainly in the 3% to 5% 
range, we see it growing because we are very conservative. So again, if there is nothing which surprises 
us, you will obviously see a peaking out. The peaking curve out got slightly muddled with Karnataka, 
but nothing serious. And we should then see again a gradual decline. 
 
But you and I should know that I do not think the MFI is sorted out as yet. It is still something to be on 
high alert for. And that is what we will be. I am not guiding you to get worried on credit cost. But I am 
telling you if you read this page, where we are very transparent about our challenges, whether it's BC 
book or Agri book. And we do that from a transparency angle because those are challenges we have 
and we want investors to know that. But will I grow my BC book this year? Yes. I did mention earlier 
in the call that BC may be the positive surprise that nobody's expecting, but it may end up being that. 
And that's how we think about it right now. And this is in spite of seeing a 12.7% GNPA in front of me 
because that is a denominator problem. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. So you highlighted, I missed out, so Karnataka book is mostly in rural areas than urban areas, 
you said. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Okay. Impact of Karnataka challenge is mostly in the rural area. I have a book which is urban and rural 
divided, but my impact which has seen the slippage is in the rural areas. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. So now my last question, sir, is on LCR. LCR, you have done a fine job on that. Now our LCR 
stands very comfortable at around 253%. So going ahead, do you want to at least guide on FY26 basis 
that will our LCR further come down? Because the cash that is lying on the balance sheet is still used, 
the cash especially that’s lying with the RBI, it's far higher, the growth is almost 3x actually. So do you 
want to guide something in FY26 that our LCR will even go below 200%? So that will automatically 
benefit our NIMs actually. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Okay. So you are 100% correct, what does LCR do? It tells you stable money. And in a tight 
environment of liquidity last year, we wanted to have a lot of stable money. And when you have bulk 
deposit, even more important, a bulk which is stable, and which is what we achieved. Now the market 
is, clearly the liquidity has become much better. So for us to ease out a bit on LCR is very normal. So 
you should expect LCR to get lower. I must also tell you, we will model the upcoming LCR regulation 
which goes live on April '26 into our thinking and our work before we decide to bring it on. But yes, I 
will confirm two things. One, LCR will come down. It will still remain very healthy after taking into 
account the recent guidelines which are coming into effect from April '26. 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. Fine, sir. Thank you. Thank you for answering my questions and all the best. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Welcome, dear. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good evening, sir, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, most of the questions have been 
answered, just one clarification. So on the microfinance book of Rs. 9,000 crores odd, so our gross NPA 
is Rs. 350 crores and the net NPA is around Rs. 70-80 crores. And this is after the additional provisions 
of Rs. 305 crores that you have taken this year. Is that correct, sir? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
That's right. That's from Slide #13? 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Are you reading Slide #13? Yes, so that's the number, yes. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And what is the SMA book, sir, before the gross NPA, which is still there? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
So that will be roughly about Rs. 400 crores odd 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And what kind of provisions are we carrying against that? 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Against SMA, we are not carrying any provisions. Did you mean SMA-0,1 and 2? 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes, for microfinance. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
The entire provision is carried against NPA book only. There is no provision against SMA book. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you. 

 
Jana Small Finance Bank Limited 
April 29, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ajay Kanwal: 
Thank you so much. I first thank Nuvama and all of you for patiently listening and being on this call. I 
just want to close the call by saying, only in tough years do you get to see quality make a difference. 
And I thought, us turning secured all this while, what does it mean in a real sense? It is visible to us so, 
so obviously, and I am sure to you all also. 
 
I think second is the way the team handled the crisis. And I think it comes from handling two past crisis, 
which is both demonetization and COVID. I think the response has been very mature. And I must tell 
you that we feel very comfortable sitting here as we go into this financial year of exactly what to do. 
 
I am also in a way really hoping and looking forward to the Universal Bank application, because to us, 
that will be a game changer. Our whole liability, propensity and cost will change significantly. And so 
also our ability to do some of the products, which you think will have better customer attraction once 
we turn Universal. 
 
And finally, I do think that us building an anchor Bank for rising India, is a competitive moat and 
different and I am sure that will keep us in good stead. With that, thank you so much, good night. And 
hope to see you again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth and Investment Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although 
an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
