PIPES I CONSTRUCTION CHEMICALS I PUTTY I ROOFS I WALLS I FLOORS 
BirlaNu Limited (formerly HIL Limited) 
Office No. l & 2, L7 Floor, SLN Terminus, Sy. No. 133, 
Near Botanical Gardens, Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana, India. 
CIN: L74999TG1955PLC000656 I +91 40 6824 9000 I customercare@birlanu.com I www.birlanu.com 
Ref: BIRLANU/SE/2025-26/17 
May 26, 2025 
To  
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 To  
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
 Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 509675  
 Scrip Symbol: BIRLANU 
Through: BSE Listing Centre  
   Through: NEAPS 
Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q4 & FY25 Financial Results 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation to our letters dated May 15, 2025 and May 20, 2025, please find attached the transcript 
of the Analysts/Conference Call held on May 20, 2025 on the audited standalone and consolidated 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2025.  
The copy of said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://birlanu.com/. 
Yours faithfully, 
For BirlaNu Limited 
(formerly HIL Limited) 
Nidhi Bisaria 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5634 
Encls. as stated 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed by NIDHI 
BISARIA 
Date: 2025.05.26 18:29:22 
+05'30'

 
 Page 1 of 22  
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
BirlaNu Limited 
Q4 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
May 20, 2025 
Mit Shah: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to BirlaNu 
Limited's Q4 and FY25 Earnings Conference Call for investors and 
analysts.  
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and CEO 
of the company; and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, CFO. We will first have Mr. 
Akshat Seth making his opening comments, and he will be followed 
by Mr. Ajay, who will take you through the financial perspectives.  
 
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that certain statements made in 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and details in this 
regard are available in the earnings presentation, which has been 
shared with you earlier.  
 
I would like to invite Mr. Akshat Seth to present his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Mit, and good afternoon, everyone. It's my pleasure to 
welcome you all to the Quarter 4 and FY25 earnings call for BirlaNu.  
 
At the outset, I will also ask for a little more time. So, today's 
comments are probably slightly longer than usual because there is a 
lot of news and good news to share with all of you.  
 
So, the first and foremost, HIL is now BirlaNu and this transformation 
represents our collective aspiration to be a leading global provider of 
innovative, sustainable, home and building solutions. From our 
perspective, it's a strategic evolution that underscores our 
commitment to innovation, sustainability and a customer-first 
approach.  
 
It's not just a brand change. It extends across our people, processes 
and digital initiatives, ensuring we remain ahead in a rapidly evolving 
industry. As many of you, our partners already know, we have been 
working for over a year on a deep strategic transformation, both here 
in India and at Parador. And this transformation, as we have shared 
before, is not just about scale or structure, but it is about the intent 
and the direction in which we are taking the company. And hence, 

 
Page 2 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
this rebranding honours the strength of our legacy while pushing us 
to reimagine the future.  
 
Most of you might have a question on what BirlaNu stands for. 
BirlaNu reflects a forward-looking ambition, but also our deep-rooted 
heritage. So, the name ‘Birla’ reflects our legacy of trust, resilience and 
excellence and the ‘Nu’ speaks to what lies ahead, a world that's 
faster, more digital, design-led and deeply conscious of sustainability.  
 
Importantly, with this rebrand, we now have a unified brand 
architecture under which the full breadth of our offerings across 
Pipes, Construction Chemicals, Putty, Roofs, Walls and Floors will be 
represented. This alignment will help every customer, and every 
partner understand who we are and what we stand for.  
 
This rebranding is at the heart of a strong strategic push towards fast-
paced value-building growth. As stated earlier, we want to double our 
sales as a company over the next 3 years and inch closer to our 
ambition of being a $1 billion company. This growth will come 
through 4 levers. First, we are looking to build scale in high-growth 
categories like Pipes, Construction Chemicals, Designer Boards and 
Blocks.  
 
Second is expansion of our global footprint, and that's being done not 
just at Parador, which is going deeper into markets like the West, 
China, Middle East. But for the India portfolio also, we are actively 
looking to find export markets.  
 
The third lever is to play across home and interior space beyond our 
strength in building products. And hence, the India launch of Parador 
is an important step in that direction.  
 
And finally, the fourth lever is around building the ability to play 
across B2C, B2B and B2G channels. So that's a quick overview of the 
rebranding exercise that we did and the strategic underpinning of 
that exercise.  
 
Let me now move towards the performance of the year and some 
highlights. I will first paint the big picture and then get into the 
individual segments.  
 
Overall, uncertain macroeconomic and weak demand scenario 
across our markets made FY '25 a challenging year. Further, there 
were price declines by 2% to 5% across most of our product 
categories, placing significant margin pressures. For Pipes, the 
decline was more than 10%, driven by a meltdown in PVC resin prices.  

 
Page 3 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
In this scenario, we chose to focus on 3 things. While the market was 
weak, there were pricing challenges, our first focus was to gain 
market share in the identified growth segments of Pipes, 
Construction Chemicals and at Parador. We believe on this front, we 
have outperformed the market in terms of volume growth across 
these segments and places us well to gain when the growth actually 
picks up.  
 
The second focus was on agile cost management to minimize the 
impact of soft pricing regime and sales on our margins, undertook 
focused missions across our product categories on contribution 
margin improvement. We optimized our manpower costs and 
calibrated our hiring. Therefore, nearly across all the categories, this is 
an important point to note. The margin erosion was significantly 
lower than the price decline experienced in the market.  
 
At the same time, and this is the third priority that we focused on, we 
were still working on judicious investment for long-term growth. And 
these investments were in the area of capacity enhancement, 
product 
innovation, 
branding, 
technology 
and 
sustainability 
initiatives.  
 
In terms of results, our consolidated revenue in FY25 was Rs.3,615 
crore, which was 7% higher than last year, and we finished at an 
operating EBITDA of Rs.88 crore. This was driven by strong growth in 
our Pipes and Construction Chemicals segment and robust 
performance at Parador.  
 
Pipes for us is now the second largest segment in India. Importantly, 
the non-roof part of our portfolio, so the non-Charminar part is now 
over 70%. If you recall, this is a metric that we had highlighted we 
want to strategically shift, and the first signs of those efforts are now 
visible.  
 
So again, at FY25 level, 7% growth over last year and some important 
metrics now moving in the right direction, especially driven by the 
growth that we have seen in the Pipes in the Construction Chemical 
and in Parador.  
 
If I talk specifically of quarter 4, we believe we left quarter 4 on a 
strong wicket and on a strong momentum. While the market 
weakness has continued, what that means is that we now have the 
first glimpse of the impact of the various strategic initiatives at play. 
We registered a 9% revenue growth in quarter 4 over last year and a 
14% improvement in profitability for the quarter. And these are 
important signals on where this momentum is headed.  

 
Page 4 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
Let me now walk you through how this performance has panned out 
across the various segments. In the Pipes segment, we delivered 
strong performance through the year and it's visible both in the 
quarter 4 and the FY25 numbers. And we achieved record-breaking 
volume growth, establishing ourselves as one of the fastest-growing 
players in this segment.  
 
For us, we achieved 66% revenue growth in quarter 4 and 57% 
revenue growth for the full fiscal year, driven primarily by nearly 80% 
volume growth in quarter 4 and 76% overall. So, at a headline level, 
the volume growth for the year in pipes for us was 76% and which is 
what significantly drove our revenue performance this time.  
 
You would appreciate this strong performance has come despite PVC 
prices remaining volatile and operating at near decadal levels as of 
end March. In this segment, apart from numbers, the successful 
acquisition and integration of Crestia was a key achievement. With 
that, we have grown the Topline brand in the retail segment.  
 
The institutional segment, especially driven by Jal Jeevan Mission saw 
soft demand due to delayed fund flows from the Government side. 
However, we remain optimistic about revival of this segment in FY'26 
given the increased Government allocation and the activity in that 
segment.  
 
The Construction Chemicals segment recorded a revenue growth of 
23% during the year and our initiatives to deepen the market 
penetration, broaden the product portfolio and enhance visibility are 
starting to yield results. Important milestone crossed here. At a March 
run rate level, we crossed the Rs.100 crore per annum mark for this 
business, which is significant given that this business was started less 
than 2 years ago.  
 
In the Roofs business, we sustained our leading market share and 
superior price and profitability positioning to finish the year with a 
revenue of Rs.1,134 crore. This is despite intense competition and price 
erosion that the segment saw in the market all of last year.  
 
In the Walls segment, which we used to call Building Solutions earlier, 
at a blended level, we remained largely flat during the year with a 
revenue of about Rs.539 crore. Importantly, stable operating 
profitability of 10% in this segment has to be seen in the context of a 
near 3% price erosion disciplined margin management initiatives 
that we deployed to offset the price erosion that happened.  
 
The Parador story all of last year and especially in the last quarter is 
interesting. We have continued to build momentum quarter-on-

 
Page 5 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
quarter. For FY25, we registered a 7% revenue growth and a 9% 
volume growth, which is a significant outperformance both at an 
industry metrics and compared to our closest competitors. In quarter 
4 alone, and quarter 4 for us was one of the best quarters we've had 
in nearly 3 years. Our revenue grew by 10% was a combination of both 
volume growth at 8% and a 2% price increase. This is now the first 
time after almost 10 to 12 quarters that price increases are now being 
slowly introduced in the market, and that is reflective of the brand 
investments that we have done over the last year, 1.5 years. With 
strong margin delivery, the company reported a positive EBITDA of 
EUR1.7 million for the quarter.  
 
Overall, Parador's performance reflects resilience and opportunity in 
the face of adversity despite recessionary macroeconomic conditions 
and weak consumer sentiment, which led to a slowdown in 
construction and flooring demand across core European markets. 
Despite this, we were able to pivot effectively.  
 
Leveraging levers around pricing, sales team reorganization and 
expanding into new markets, we have doubled down on growth 
through commercial segments, product innovation and improved 
execution. Equally, strong cost discipline was maintained, and capital 
deployment was optimized to ensure lean operations.  
 
I will take 2 more minutes because beyond numbers, I want to share 
some important updates from quarter 4. And I'll share only 4 key 
achievements, which in a way, signify our push towards growth, 
towards innovation and towards sustainability.  
 
The first milestone I want to share with you all is commissioning of 
our Chennai Line 2 and with that, we have doubled our AAC block 
capacity in Chennai to 4 lakh cubic meters per year, making it one of 
the largest such facilities in the country. And it underscores our 
commitment to grow profitably in this fast-growing category.  
 
The second update is on the start of a new state-of-the-art greenfield 
plant for OPVC pipes in Patna, which represents the next generation 
of pipe technology and makes us one of very few players in the 
industry to have access to this technology.  
 
This is now the third update. We introduced an industry-first 
innovation with the use of organic-based stabilizers in UPVC pipes, 
eliminating the use of heavy metals.  This, along with recent 
certifications such as Green Pro, Harit Bharat in India and EMAP for 
Parador 
underscores 
our 
commitment 
to 
strengthen 
our 
sustainability credentials.  

 
Page 6 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
And the last update I want to share is on the launch of Parador in 
India, marking our expansion into the home and interior space and 
the results of the first few months of efforts are very encouraging.  
 
As I shared with this group, investment in the right leadership and 
frontline teams is a key part of the strategic agenda. For BirlaNu, we 
recently welcomed our new CHRO, CIO and CBO for our Walls 
business in India and created dedicated leadership for our CC and 
Putty business. For Parador, we onboarded our new CHRO and CFO.  
 
Being recognized as India's number 12th ranked and Asia's number 
41st ranked amongst the Great Places to Work is also a proud 
endorsement of our people practices. 
 
As we enter FY26, we remain cautious of the prevailing 
macroeconomic tariff and geopolitical uncertainties across India, 
Europe and the global markets. However, we are committed to 
carrying forward the momentum of Q4 into the full year as we believe 
that we are building a strong foundation to capture growth once 
macroeconomic conditions are on the upswing.  
 
Our strong portfolio of brands, deep distribution network and 
investments in new product development and digital capabilities 
position us well to leverage this recovery as it happens.  
 
As we look at FY'26 and beyond, our path is clear. With integrity, 
collaboration and excellence at its core, we at BirlaNu aspire to 
redefine industry benchmarks and drive meaningful impact.  
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. I thank you for your 
patience for being with us today and hearing our story. Let me invite 
now Ajay to walk you through the financial details. Over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Thank you, Akshat, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. It's 
my pleasure to take you through the financial and operational 
performance for quarter 4 and FY25.  
 
Despite a volatile external environment with softening demand price 
compression and heightened competitive intensity, we delivered 
growth in both volumes and revenue. This underscores the resilience 
of our diversified portfolio and the sound execution of our strategic 
priorities.  
 
For Q4 FY25, our consolidated revenues grew by 9% year-on-year to 
Rs.929 crore, with full year revenue rose by 7% to Rs.3,615 crore. This 
growth was broad-based with steady performance across most 
segments despite macroeconomic headwinds.  

 
Page 7 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
In Roofing Solutions, revenues remained flat at Rs.254 crore in Q4, 
primarily due to pricing pressure and softness in rural demand. 
However, this performance needs to be seen in light of an industry-
wide degrowth in the volumes. Our continued investment in brand 
building and deepening channel relationships have helped us sustain 
market share and reinforce consumer trust.  
 
In Building Solutions, we faced challenges owing to delayed 
infrastructure projects and sluggishness in uptake. However, we 
recorded volume growth across all product lines, except Blocks, 
resulting in a modest year-on-year revenue decline of 3% to  
Rs.141 crore for the quarter.  
 
The Polymer Solutions segment recorded strong momentum with 
revenues growing 40% year-on-year to Rs.185 crore during the 
quarter, supported by robust retail traction and strategic leverage 
from the Crestia acquisition, which has strengthened our position in 
the Eastern region. The Pipes business saw 80% volume growth and 
66% revenue growth, closing the quarter at Rs.141 crore. The 
underlying volume performance remains solid, reflecting our 
growing market presence and improving product mix.  
 
In Flooring Solutions led by Parador, we recorded revenue of  
Rs.348 crore in quarter 4, translating to 9% growth year-on-year. This 
performance is commendable given that the European market 
remained in a double-digit decline. Our focus on portfolio 
premiumization, global expansion and operational streamlining 
helped mitigate margin pressures. Parador's order pipeline remains 
strong, and we are beginning to see early gains from our strategic 
push into newer markets.  
 
For the quarter, year-on-year profitability has improved by 20 basis 
points, whereas quarter-on-quarter, it is 310 basis points due to 
growth in volumes and revenue as well as stricter control on 
operating costs.  
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.32 crore compared to Rs.28 crore 
in the same quarter last year, with consolidated PBT stood at a loss of 
Rs.20 crore for quarter 4.  
 
We continue to maintain a sharp focus on financial discipline. Our 
working capital efficiency programs are yielding visible gains, which 
has helped us to reduce our working capital marginally despite 7% 
growth in revenue at consolidated level.  
 
Our total debt stood at Rs.708 crore as of 31st March 2025 with a debt 
equity ratio of 0.58x. The increase in debt during the year was 

 
Page 8 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
primarily to fund the acquisition of the Crestia Group in the month of 
April 2024.  
 
Looking ahead, we remain committed to drive growth through a 
balanced focus on operational excellence, strategic investments and 
market expansions. That concludes my remarks.  
 
I now invite the moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair 
Value Capital. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta: I have a couple of questions across different segments. And before 
that, I just wanted to share some context. I do understand the 
trajectory of the company since the past many years and the current 
strategic changes which have been happening over the past 12 to 18 
months are long-term initiatives. So, all my questions will be with a 
medium-term 3- to 5-year view.  
 
So, first question is on the Polymer segment. I do understand the high 
growth numbers, which has also contributed from the Crestia 
acquisition, but there is a slowdown in terms of B2G business. I just 
wanted to understand on FY'26 and FY'27 level, what would be the 
tentative share that you are expecting from B2G and the rest of the 
business? 
Akshat Seth: 
If I look back at FY'25 aggregate portfolio of Pipes, about 75% B2C, 15% 
B2B, and 10% B2G. As we look ahead, I think the mix of 70% on B2C 
side and 30% on B2B plus B2G is how it should pan out as we go 
forward. 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. And for this segment, talking about the profitability, we 
do understand that PVC resin prices have been strongly corrected in 
the past few quarters, even past few years. I think I looked at the 
Reliance numbers very recently, they had released the April 25 
figures, which was also around Rs.73, Rs.74 per kg and a little range 
bound for different grades, of course. Even with the introduction of 
an antidumping duty from the Chinese PVC imports, the prices have 
still not shown an upside. What do you think will be a point maybe 
tentatively when the prices start going back up again? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think a specific time is a hazardous guess. There are 2, 3 factors to 
watch out for. Contrary to what you are describing, the antidumping 
duty for our relevant grades has still not been introduced. So, there is 
an industry-wide expectation that that should happen. When it 
happens, I think it's anybody's guess, but hopefully in the near term.  

 
Page 9 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
 
The second thing to watch out is the introduction of BIS standards for 
imported materials, especially CPVC, that will also have an upward 
bias on the pricing. Again, the next timeline to watch out for that is 
around the June time frame.  
 
And the third is the larger demand-supply situation as far as PVC is 
concerned, a big reason for the current reduction in prices or the soft 
pricing regime is that at a global level, there is a lot of excess capacity. 
Demand beyond India in most global markets is benign, which is why 
there is a lot of excess supply coming in. That's a larger structural 
thing, which, again, we should keep a watch out for.  
 
So those are 3 factors to keep in mind. But which of these will play 
out, when, I think is a difficult one to predict. 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. I also understand that there is a focus on increasing the 
portfolio in polymer itself in piping of high value-added products. 
Your foray into OPVC plant is also a testament to that fact. But I 
understand that a lot of sales locally happens in UPVC, which is like 
the lower quality, including the B2G projects. Can you help me 
understand a high-level split between more commoditized products 
such as UPVC and value-added products? And how do you see them 
going forward? 
Akshat Seth: 
If you recall on 2 metrics, our Pipes business was always amongst the 
better companies in the industry and this was pre-acquisition. We 
were amongst the better companies in terms of the share of CPVC in 
the overall portfolio, and we do not want to give up on that 
positioning. So, we were always hovering in the 37% to 40% share of 
CPVC in our portfolio and we continue to be that for that part of the 
business, and that will remain a key focus area.  
 
The second thing was as a result of this, our sales price per kg was 
always amongst the top 3 or 4 players. And that again is a key metric 
that we continue to watch for. So that's, again, at a philosophy level.  
 
But if I now aggregate and I also include the Crestia part of the 
portfolio, last year we were at about 30% of CPVC, and the PVC part 
was about 55%, 57%, and the remaining are value added products. So, 
things like tanks, things like electrofusion fittings, etcetera, constitute 
the remaining 10%. So, I would say between CPVC and value-added, 
we are still at about the 37% to 40% range, and that's the right mix for 
us to continue in our portfolio. And you are right, the introduction of 
OPVC and when it does come out from the production line towards 
the end of Q4 and there are other initiatives in the bag, which are 
designed to ensure that this ratio is maintained as we go forward. 

 
Page 10 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. My second question is on Parador. I do understand that 
in the past few quarters, the growth has been relatively strong. But if 
we look at local competitors in the European market overall, over the 
past 5 years, yes, they have done low single-digit growth. It's a 5-year 
CAGR, so with obviously troughs in between. But their EBITDA 
margins are high.  
 
For example, Target is doing 8%, James Halstead is around 20% and 
Forbo, which is more of a diversified player is around 15%. So, I just 
wanted to understand, are we gaining market share, you already 
alluded to that fact. But what margin percent do we see as our target 
after, let's say, we are at a comfortable position in terms of the overall 
market share? 
Akshat Seth: 
So Parikshit, I will at least offer a couple of points as we do these 
comparisons. First, 5-year picture has to be broken into the right 
chunks because there was a disruptive event about 2.5 years ago, 
which is what led to the meltdown in the market. So please do the 
comparisons. Pre the war scenario, the Ukraine war scenario and post 
the Ukraine war scenario, number one.  
 
Number two, the comparators that you are talking about are nearly 
$1 billion outfits, which have been playing across multiple 
geographies for a fairly long time. So, the scale and the segment focus 
that they have are slightly different. So, there is that bit also to put in 
the right context. That said, for us, the steady-state margin and if we 
start replicating the revenue numbers that we were doing pre-war 
situation is in the 8% to 10% range at an operating margin level.  
 
Do we have a line of sight? Yes. What is the key driver for that line of 
sight? It is essentially more volume growth from where we currently 
are. So, we finished last year FY '25 at a revenue of about EUR 145 
million at a gross level. As these numbers start crossing EUR 165 
million, EUR 170 million, EUR 175 million, the margin picture looks 
increasingly better.  
 
But when we exited, let's say, quarter 4 and the profitability that we 
have reported, quarter 4 was at a run rate of about EUR 160 million at 
an annualized level, EUR 40 million into 4. So, it's about  
EUR 160 million. And at that, the margins start looking positive 
around the 4% to 5% mark. Does that answer your question, 
Parikshit? 
Parikshit Gupta: Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum 
Capital. 

 
Page 11 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Jiten Parmar: 
Congratulations on delivering a decent set of results in a tough and 
challenging time. I have seen most of the stuff, and I think your 
presentation also has provided a lot of detail. Now just a couple of 
questions I have. One is on the OPVC side. I saw that that is something 
which we are starting or basically plan to do. So, I want to know what 
is the capacity of that particular line we are putting in? And what is 
the revenue potential for that? 
Akshat Seth: 
So first, what is the capacity? Of course, we are looking at it as an 
opportunity, which will be scalable, or which will scale into a much 
larger play over a period of time. The Phase 1 of the investment, which 
is where we are, will have a revenue potential of north of Rs.100 crore 
and the capacity will be in the zone of about 5,000 tons per annum. 
So that's the things that we have. We are putting together 2 lines, but 
with the flexibility to add more lines as the demand and the volumes 
pick up. So yes, I think that's where we are. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Yes. And the capex to be incurred for this and what are the margins 
we are expecting in this? 
Akshat Seth: 
So OPVC market, I'm sure you are aware of how the margin structure 
looks like. These are much better than the traditional PVC pipes. So, 
we should be in the mid-teens as far as the operating margins for that 
particular segment is concerned. Capex will be in the zone of about 
Rs.35 to 40 crore for just Phase 1. This does not include the cost of 
technology acquisition and so on. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay. And regarding the Pipes division, I think that is one division 
which that is down quite a bit in this quarter. Now I want to know, 
were there any inventory losses we had in this, I mean, as a mix of the 
losses we showed? 
Akshat Seth: 
We did, and you would recall, in this year, at an aggregate level, the 
price erosion has been north of 10%. And hence, yes, there were 
inventory losses to the tune of about Rs.15 crore at an aggregate level. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Rs.15 crore for the full year, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay. And my last question is on Parador. You did mention that at 
EUR 40 million run rate, we are EBITDA positive. So, what is our kind 
of guidance or what we can see for next year? Do we expect Parador 
to be EBITDA positive in FY26? 
Akshat Seth: 
We should certainly hope for that. And I think we are internally 
planning for a better scenario than just EBITDA positive. I will resist 

 
Page 12 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
from giving a very firm guidance in terms of where the numbers are 
going, but I would draw a lot of strength from how the last few 
quarters have panned out, and that is the momentum that we would 
want to carry.  
 
As I stated, quarter 4, we did about EUR 1.7 million of operating 
margin. So, EBITDA was about that much. And that's a good sign. We, 
of course, need to, as you are aware, the business has seasonal cycles 
and so on. So notwithstanding that, we should aim for strong results 
in this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from ithought PMS. 
Rajat Setiya: 
So, with regards to the Polymer division, I think we mentioned that 
we had inventory losses of around Rs.15 crore in this year, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. 
Rajat Setiya: 
So overall, in this division at the PBT level, we had Rs.48 crore of losses 
in this year. So, will it be possible to help us understand the breakup 
of the losses? I mean Rs.15 crore is inventory losses and what else 
would you attribute that to? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Rajat, there is a depreciation because we have invested almost Rs.260 
crore in Crestia. So, there is a depreciation on account of acquisitions 
plus depreciation on account of our organic investment, which we 
did in 2018 to 2020, that comes to around Rs.30 crore. And on top of 
it, there is a borrowing in Crestia book, which is part of this business, 
the interest amount will be around Rs.13 to 14 crore per year on this 
loan. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Okay. And I think I missed something. You said depreciation and 
something else as well. That is Rs.30 crore. What is that the other 
component? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Rs.30 crore is depreciation and around Rs.14 crore is direct interest in 
this business because of the debt lying in the Crestia books. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Okay. Understood. And there are no any one-off expenses or losses in 
this division in the whole year? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
No. there is no one-off expenses in this segment. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Okay. Understood. And with regards to our B2G business, how is the 
demand outlook right now? Is the business momentum picking up 
again after the slowdown that everybody witnessed during the 
election year? 

 
Page 13 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Akshat Seth: 
I would say the expectation is picking up. Hopefully, the reality will 
follow soon. So, you are aware these kinds of things and especially in 
the B2G, what goes down takes a little bit of time to pick up. But the 
flurry of activities give fuel to the expectations that we are around the 
corner. In fact, in some segments in some states, there are orders 
flowing in. So, for instance, the state of UP, not in the traditional JJM, 
but the Amrut 2.0, which is a similar scheme, but more towards the 
urban areas, that has picked up. There are orders flowing through. So, 
we are witnessing green shoots. Of course, from our vantage point, 
we would want a greater flurry of activities already. 
Rajat Setiya: 
And we would like to keep this business of B2G mix in the polymer in 
the piping business to 10% to 15%. Is that understanding, correct? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. I think in the overall mix and see somewhere the B2G business 
serves 2 purposes. One, there will be years where that 10% may look 
like a 20%, but somewhere we have to have resilience in the overall 
mix. What this has also done, which we were not doing previously is 
that it has opened up avenues on the B2G side for our other product 
segments. So, what we sell, for instance, for our Walls business, what 
we sell for our construction chemical or even the Flooring business, 
there is a fair amount of leads that we are chasing in that.  
 
And that is why as a unified entity now that we are going to a lot of 
these government channels, it is yielding good results. So, it may not 
be Pipes in all cases, but it is one product or the other, which I think 
was the larger strategic intent behind developing this whole B2G 
muscle, which I think is playing out nicely for us. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Okay. I was saying in the Parador division, did we mention the gross 
margin that we made in this quarter and the whole year? What is that 
number? If you can repeat again? I think I missed that. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Our materials margin last year was 46.5%. This year, it is 46.2%. That is 
largely on account of product mix change. 
Rajat Setiya: 
And this is at the full year level, 46.2%? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. So, we typically stay in that. I think there is some line of sight to 
improving this because one lever that we have started pulling from 
the last quarter is the price lever. As price increase for the same cost 
of material, the margins will look better and healthier. But broadly, 
46% to 48% is the right level at which to operate. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Yes, sure. And on the roofing side, there was a time, a 4-5 year time 
period when we were doing 20% plus. I understand right now, market 
situations are very poor. But at the same time, I think our raw material 

 
Page 14 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
costs have also gone up after the war has started Russia, Ukraine. So, 
do you see us going back to 18%, 20% kind of margin levels or that 
kind of pass on of raw material cost is not easy and we will probably 
remain around 12%, 15% mark? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, 18%, 20% is a goalpost too far at this moment. If you recall, last year, 
we were at around the 13% mark. This year, barring some one-off 
things, we are in that 12% to 13% range. I think the first psychological 
milestone to cross is 15%, 16%. And all of it, I would say, and without 
qualification is to do with the prevailing price conditions and the 
competitive nature of the market, especially when the demand has 
largely stayed stable or even reduced in some pockets.  
 
So, unless as an industry there is an upward price movement, the 
margin situation is likely to stay in a similar zone. And I'm being 
cautious here. We will, of course, as a company, continue working on 
the cost side and the raw material side and so on, but there is limited 
leverage available on that. Pricing needs to be better. And for that to 
be better, demand situation has to be better. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sure. And how is the current demand situation? And what has been 
the pricing change in Roofing over the last 1 year on a full year basis? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, the sentiment is largely flat. This is, of course, from a Roofing 
perspective, an important quarter because a big chunk of the 
volumes are done in this year. So, when I compare it with last year, at 
the halfway mark, the expectation is that the volumes we should be 
doing overall as an industry, maybe similar or slightly better volumes, 
but at prices which are not really very encouraging. So, I think that's 
the picture as it stands. So, I will say we are cautious about the 
prospects on this one at the moment. 
Rajat Setiya: 
What has been the pricing change on a full year basis in Roofing? 
Akshat Seth: 
Pricing change for roofing for the full year FY25? 
Rajat Setiya: 
Yes. 
Akshat Seth: 
So there has been a drop of about 1.5% to 2%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay from Envision Capital. 
Akshay: 
Sir, what is the capex which we have done for the expansion of our 
Building Blocks facility? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, by the time this is completed, it will be in the zone of about  
Rs.40 crore to Rs.45 crore. 

 
Page 15 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Akshay: 
And the capacity addition would be around 2 lakh tons, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. Cubic meter. 
Akshay: 
Okay. And this is brownfield, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
This is brownfield, correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niteen from Aurum Capital. 
Niteen: 
So, we talked about OPVC. Just wanted to know the amount. Actually, 
I missed that during that conversation. So, what is the amount we are 
spending? And what is the expected revenue from this capex? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, Phase 1 of the project, which is currently on stream, the revenue 
potential will be north of Rs.100 crore. The investments are in the zone 
of about Rs.35 crore to Rs.40 crore. And this does not include the cost 
for technology acquisition. 
Niteen: 
So, my next question was about Parador. You mentioned that we 
launched this in India and the results are encouraging. But we also 
mentioned that in the earlier call that we are building this in U.S. 
market also. So just wanted to have an update from your side about 
Parador in the U.S. market and how it's shaping up over there? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think there are 3 or 4 markets which are being seeded as we speak. 
U.S. is one. India is another one. We are also rebuilding the whole Asia 
Pac footprint, which includes China and there is Middle East, the 
whole GCC footprint. These are 4 markets which are being seeded. Of 
course, the potential in each of these markets is different and hence, 
the investment profile is different. U.S. will probably be the most 
aggressive as far as our efforts are concerned.  
 
As we speak, we have got our first team members in place. We have 
our channel partners in place. There is a lot of brand building activities 
in terms of participating in the right customer events, connecting 
with the right influencers, all of that is happening. And there is a 
steady build-up of pipeline and orders that we are looking at.  
 
So, all in all, good traction this year and in the subsequent quarterly 
calls, we should be able to give more tangible numbers on that 
account. Similarly, in India, at the moment, the first focus was the 
formal brand launch, which we have done. We've also appointed 
channel partners in the key metros. And at the same time, there is 
now a dedicated team, which is driving the B2B part of the business.  
 
Focus is, of course, on the commercial demand, and there is a good 
pipeline that is now with us of orders that we are chasing with 

 
Page 16 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
potential buyers. So that's where it is. In the U.S. and in China, there is 
also the activity of product adaptations because as I had shared 
earlier, it is not about just copy pasting the same product. There are 
some minor adaptations that are done to ensure that there is 
relevance in the markets we play in. That bit is also going on strongly. 
Niteen: 
I got it. So, will there be any additional expenditures towards building 
this market and making those minor changes in the product? And 
how much will that be over a period of next 3 years? If you can give 
some sense about it? 
Akshat Seth: 
The investments are not as much on the capex side and on product-
related things. These are somewhere part of business as usual. 
However, the investments really are in the team and the marketing 
efforts that are being done. So, they are operating expenses in nature 
and would typically lead revenue flow by a period of about 6 to 9 
months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kishore Kumar from Unifi Capital. 
Kishore Kumar: So, on the OPVC greenfield project, when it is likely to be 
commissioned? 
Akshat Seth: 
Around mid to end of quarter 4. So, in the Feb, March timeframe. 
Kishore Kumar: Got it. So overall, on the Pipes business, what's our expectation for the 
next year? So, given the pricing pressure, what's our expectations on 
the revenue as well as on the margins? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, we want to continue the momentum that we have gained this 
year. I've already stated the overall aspiration that we have for this 
business over the next 3-year period. So that would effectively mean 
that every year, we'll have to be almost doubling ourselves. Now that's 
at least the larger aspiration we are going in. That's as much as I want 
to say at this moment. 
Kishore Kumar: Got it, sir. Sir, my final question is on the debt side. So, do we have any 
plan on the debt reduction part? So, given the interest cost is also 
high compared to the previous year, what's your plan on the debt 
side? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
So, our current debt position is roughly Rs.700 crore as on 31st March. 
With our budget for next year on account of capex, working capital, 
we expect this will slightly go up. 
Akshat Seth: 
We'll keep managing the debt situation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Aghicha from HG Hawa. 

 
Page 17 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Amit Aghicha: 
Sir, my question is like what internal IRR benchmarks are used when 
deploying capital in new product lines? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
We normally monitor payback of 3 to 4 years and IRR is in the range 
of around 18% to 20%. 
Amit Aghicha: 
Because if you see past 8 years now the revenue like consolidated in 
Mar'18 was Rs.1,280 crore, and now it is like upwards of  
Rs.3,600 crore. So roughly, it is 3x in 8 years. But profit has not 
improved. In fact, it's going down and we're coming in losses. What is 
going grossly wrong actually? 
Akshat Seth: 
I don't think there is anything grossly wrong. There is a situation that 
we find ourselves in where from a market perspective and the 
products that we are in. There is a lot of commodity cycle pressure 
and there is a lot of pressure on margin, which is why structurally and 
from a long-term perspective, we are looking at differentiation and 
premiumization of the portfolio.  
 
At the same time, in some of our segments where we did not have 
scale, the attempt is to build scale, and that's what we are pushing 
for. So, while the commodity cycles will keep going up and down, the 
idea is to rise above that, and which is the situation. And hence, in a 
low commodity cycle, the simple focus is for us to achieve volume 
growth and gain market share in these subscale categories. 
Amit Aghicha: 
Because in the segments which we are in like Water Tanks and PVC 
pipes and other companies, they are growing, and they are having 
good margins. 
Akshat Seth: 
I think we should do the comparison, at least what our comparison 
and analysis of numbers over the last 2 or 3 quarters are concerned. I 
don't think we compare poorly to our peer set. We need to recognize 
from a Pipes perspective and Polymer perspective, it has been a 
difficult year just given the volatility on the resin and input price. And 
everyone has suffered on that account. So, the inventory losses that 
we are talking about proportion to the scale of our business will 
probably be amongst the lowest. And every player has booked those. 
So those challenges remain at an industry level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sai Ganesh from Square 64 
Capital Advisors LLP. 
Sai Ganesh: 
In FY24, Crestia generated around Rs.330 crore of revenue. And in 
FY25, revenue has declined significantly to Rs.80 crore, given the fixed 
cost base, and this has resulted in a loss of Rs.45 crore in FY25 at 

 
Page 18 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
overall Pipe division. What is our plan to scale up in Crestia and 
address this gap? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
So, Crestia revenue in FY24 was Rs.330 crore, which includes JJM 
revenue of close to Rs.200 crore, whereas in FY25, Crestia revenue is 
Rs.152 crore, including JJM revenue of Rs.40 to 45 crore. So, one of the 
main reasons for drop in revenue is the government projects in FY25, 
government spending is much, much lower than what they were in 
FY24. 
Sai Ganesh: 
Okay. What kind of revenue we can expect in FY26 from Crestia? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, in our internal plan, we are expecting only a modest and this is 
us being conservative. We are expecting a modest recovery on the 
JJM side, but a very solid growth on the retail side. In fact, even in this 
year, the first year of our acquisition, the retail segment for Crestia 
grew by about 10% to 15%. So that momentum will continue. Also, as 
the JJM part and the government orders start flowing in, there is an 
upside on that.  
 
So, I will say we will need to watch out the JJM situation carefully, but 
we are pushing hard on the retail segment. The numbers even at an 
exit rate level in March, point to a fairly decent growth in this year for 
Crestia. I will also urge you to have a comparison at a volume-to-
volume basis because the year that you are highlighting the PVC 
prices were at a very different level compared to this year. So, there is 
at least some impact of that. 
Sai Ganesh: 
Yes, but I understood, but we have grown our revenue by 57%, but 
our losses are raised to minus Rs.48 crore. What is the future plan for 
reducing these losses in Pipes division? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, the plans remain along the lines of our previous commentary on 
this. We are scaling up and that gives us benefit. Now that the prices 
of PVC are at the level at which they are, and we believe that they are 
at the rock bottom, the whole factor of inventory losses also 
somewhere goes away. So that is another positive. Since we have 
acquired Crestia, there is a fair amount of restructuring on the cost 
structure that has been done.  And that's why at an exit March level, 
we are at a breakeven from an operating perspective. So those things 
will also play out.  
 
So overall, building revenue and scale is one lever, continuously 
managing the cost structure, both at Crestia and at the original 
BirlaNu level also continues relentlessly. So, I think both these factors 
will be at play. And third is product diversification into segments 

 
Page 19 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
which are higher profitable, and that's where the likes of OPVC makes 
sense in the overall story. 
Sai Ganesh: 
Okay. What is the revenue from Construction Chemicals in FY24 and 
FY25? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
So, revenue from Construction Chemicals for this year is around Rs.82 
crore, whereas last year, it was Rs.66 crore. Some part of this revenue 
we report in Building Solutions since it is going along with AAC 
blocks. 
Sai Ganesh: 
And our putty revenue will be Rs.91 crore, roughly? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Rs.120 crore. 
Sai Ganesh: 
In FY23, we made a revenue of Rs.178 crore in Putty division. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
In FY24, it was Rs.147 crore. 
Sai Ganesh: 
In FY23? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes, it was around Rs.179 crore. 
Sai Ganesh: 
Can we expect this division to turn around right something Rs.180 
crore back to that level by FY26 or FY27? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, in that segment, given the recent trends, we are placing our bets 
on growing the Construction Chemicals portfolio. In fact, within that, 
what we have done on the tile adhesives side is interesting. The 
revenues have grown by 57% this year, and we will continue pushing 
on that front. On Putty, given the restructuring that's happening in 
the industry, from our perspective, it feels like a race to the bottom.  
 
What we are trying to do is to sustain and protect our niche as a value-
added and a slightly premium product. So, in order to protect our 
margins and our price positioning, we are okay not chasing the 
volumes aggressively on that particular segment. But as a 
combination, the growth will come from the Construction Chemical 
part of that portfolio over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil S. from Crown Capital. 
Rahil S.: 
Sir, just one question based on everything you've said so far on the 
call, would you be willing to provide a certain outlook or guidance 
when it comes to revenue growth and EBITDA margins for this fiscal 
year? 
Akshat Seth: 
I would resist giving a very clear guidance. At the same time, we are 
conscious we need to do significantly better on the growth rates and 

 
Page 20 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
on the profitability in this financial year. So, the focus remains on 
volume growth and market share growth and at the same time, 
improving on profitability. Those levers of profitability improvement 
have already been identified and have been put into action.  
 
And the third factor is there will be a small part of that profitability 
gain that we will deploy for future medium-term growth. And by 
medium term, I'm talking 2 to 3 years. And those investments will 
essentially happen in the prioritized segments of pipes and in 
construction chemicals. Those are the 3 pillars on which the next year 
or this particular financial year will rest. 
Rahil S.: 
When it comes to your business segments or product lines, which 
essentially you think will be the key drivers this year, whether it is 
volume growth or profitability? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, from a profitability point of view, all our segments, we have 
identified opportunities where improvement should happen. From a 
volume growth and revenue growth perspective, the story and this 
message hopefully remains consistent over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Pipes has to be the hardest hitter. Construction Chemicals has to be 
a solid hitter. And what we do on the Walls segment will be important 
and interesting to watch out for, especially with new capacity coming 
through, that will give a lot of fillip on the revenue growth side on that 
segment. And of course, the growth agenda that we are driving at 
Parador will also come into play. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities 
Investment Management. 
Aditya: 
So, my first question is on Parador. Sir, we are seeing very good 
growth this year as compared to market, which has been flat or 
negative. So, if you could just provide some granular details what is 
leading to such growth? Is it commercial segment or any of the new 
geographies have scaled up? 
Akshat Seth: 
I would say, the underlying factor is that there is a lot of disciplined 
and concerted effort across everything that we are doing. So, the 
good news is in our core markets of Germany and the Central Europe 
region, we have done much better than our own expectations, and 
we have grown across retail and DIY. So, one indicator is today, we are 
on more shelves and counters than we have ever been in the history 
of Parador, and that is helping.  
 
The second thing is the focus on commercial, which is amongst the 
fastest-growing customer channel for us, and it's beginning to yield 
results. The third is the new geographical expansion beyond the 

 
Page 21 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Central Europe, which is now contributing. Of course, the base is 
small, so the growth rates in those geographies look small.  But each 
of them and because we sell to a vast bouquet of countries is adding 
up to the aggregate number.  
 
So, all of these are beginning to show results, and at an underlying 
level, the rejuvenation that has been done for both the leadership and 
the frontline sales team is driving this transformation. 
Aditya: 
Understood. So, what would be the share of commercial in FY25 and 
from non-Europe market? 
Akshat Seth: 
So commercial will still be about, if I'm not wrong, in the 12% to 14% 
range and growing because the same number last year was lower. 
Non-Central European sales will be in the zone of about 18% to 20%. 
Aditya: 
Understood. Sir, second is on the capacity utilization. What is the 
capacity utilization in each of our segments currently? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. So, our capacity utilization in case of Roofing is in the range of 
around 85%. In case of Blocks, Panels, Board, that is Walls business, 
again, it is in the range of 85% to 90%. 
Akshat Seth: 
I think in Walls, it would go down slightly just given that we have 
commissioned a new plant. So, I would put the number at around the 
80% mark there. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
In terms of Pipes business, our utilization is in the range of 70%, 
whereas in case of Crestia, it is in the range of 20% to 25%. 
Aditya: 
And at Parador? 
Akshat Seth: 
55% to 60%. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And sir, what would be the capex outlook for next year? 
How much are we going to spend? 
Akshat Seth: 
So not factoring in any inorganic or any major new plant that we may 
get on to. But given the plans that we have, it's in the zone of about 
Rs.200 crore for this year. 
Aditya: 
Rs.200 crore. Okay. And this would be majorly in blocks? 
Akshat Seth: 
Majorly in pipes. So, if I do a rough estimate, then about 40% of this 
will be in Pipes, around 20% in Parador, another 20% in our Walls 
business and then Roofs and Construction Chemical will be the last 
20%. 

 
Page 22 of 22 
BIRLANU LTD’S Q4FY25 EARNINGS CALL TRANSCRIPT 
Aditya: 
Understood. And sir, just last question, what is the current standalone 
debt and debt at Parador? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Current standalone debt is around Rs.295 crore and Parador debt is 
around Rs.280 crore. Rs.130 crore is in Crestia. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing.  
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, everyone, for being with us on our call today. This is the 
first time we are presenting ourselves as BirlaNu. So, thank you for 
patiently hearing and understanding and also appreciating the 
journey that we are on. As usual, it's been a pleasure interacting with 
all of you.  
 
We value your continued interest and partnership for BirlaNu. And if 
you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our Investor Relations desk. Thank you 
very much and have a good day ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of BirlaNu Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document 
has been edited without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished 
price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
