 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
Registered Office: Unit No. 103, 1st Floor, C&B Square, Sangam Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Village Chakala, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400 059 
T. : +91-22-67875300 • F : +91-22-67875334 • www.SBFC.com • Email:  complianceofficer@sbfc.com  
CIN No : L67190MH2008PLC178270 
 
 Date: 2nd May, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
NSE Symbol: SBFC 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street,   
Mumbai – 400001. 
BSE Equity Scrip Code: 543959 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call which was held on 
28th April, 2025.  
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.sbfc.com/investors under the section ‘Investor Presentation – Call Transcripts’ You are 
requested to take the above on record. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Namrata Sajnani 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
 
NAMRATA 
SAJNANI
Digitally signed by 
NAMRATA SAJNANI 
Date: 2025.05.02 
20:09:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“SBFC Finance Limited 
Q4 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASEEM DHRU – MD & CEO 
 
MR. MAHESH DAYANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
MR. NARAYAN BARASIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. PANKAJ PODDAR – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
MR. SANKET AGRAWAL – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SBFC Finance Limited 
April 28, 2025 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Renish Bhuva: 
Aseem Dhru: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBFC Finance Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Yes. Thank you, Sejal. Hi, good morning everyone, and welcome to SBFC Finance Q4 FY '25 
Earnings Call. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank SBFC Finance management 
team for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
Today, we have with us the entire top management team of SBFC Finance represented by Mr. 
Aseem Dhru, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Mahesh Dayani, Executive Director; Mr. 
Narayan Barasia, Chief Finance Officer; Mr. Pankaj Poddar, Chief Risk Officer; and Mr. 
Sanket Agrawal, Chief Strategy Officer and IR Head. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Aseem for his opening remarks, and then we'll open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Renish, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for being on this call. This is our 
30th quarter result since start of SBFC and the eighth post listing. The amazing thing about being 
a financial services company is that being a proxy of the economy, we are affected by every 
breeze that blows in every sector. From the macros like fiscal and trade deficits, interest rates, 
liquidity situation, GDP growth, money moving digitally, currency movements to the micros 
like the economy shifting to being more organized, individual balance sheets moving up and 
down, velocity of money in small businesses, working capital cycles, everything. There are 
multiple forces at play right now. 
Finance is a derived demand, and to understand its strength, we have to look at the primary 
demand in the economy. Economic growth in India chugs along, albeit at a slower pace. What 
we have seen is that all the consumer staple companies have reported flattish quarter. So whether 
it is HUL, Nestle, Dabur, etcetera, at 2% growth, it's anemic. 
But look, what's happening to the discretionary. So when you're looking at airlines, hotels, you 
are able to see that where spending is going. So spending is changing. We'll have to change our 
lens of focus to arrive at where the consumer spending is heading. So no longer looking at 
consumer staples may be a right barometer to look at. 
Inflation is in the tolerance zone and the regulator has shifted its lens on growth. Two rate cuts 
have been delivered in rapid succession. And looking at the inflationary trajectory and softening 
of the USD, more rate cuts look to be on the menu. Durable liquidity has been promised and is 
being delivered. Banks have begun to cut savings rate. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
Deposit rates have been able to soften after peaking in March. It looks like MCLR reductions 
are around the corner. Banks are the wealth from where the NBFC fields are irrigated, and so 
it's great to see them well hydrated versus the challenge last year. 
 
On product design of gold loans, there was ambiguity and interpretation issues. The new draft 
circular provides immense clarity and the regulatory risk on the business continuity, which was 
a concern all of last year, is now off the table. The draft co-lending circular may make CLM2 
on which the industry is operating challenging. We are probably the only lender operating on 
CLM1. So we should be fine, and that is our current understanding. 
 
DeepSeek has done a number on ChatGPT. One of the most difficult things to achieve is the 
balance between technology and cost. Achieving frugal tech scale is a challenge we have taken. 
We have built some very effective tech stacks on cloud using vendors and self-development mix 
and built over 200 APIs to draw from the best. The benefits of these have begun to roll. 
 
We have just gone live with a paperless gold loan. When a customer visits our branch today, just 
with their iris scan, we have e-KYC, e-signed done and money is in the customer's account and 
agreement on their WhatsApp. That's it. No documents, no friction. The challenge now is that 
the transaction is over before the customer's tea arrives. So we have a problem of a different 
kind. 
 
We have rolled out account aggregator and are seeing increasing adoption, helping us speed up 
decisioning time, as well as end-use monitoring. We have been working on a project with 
Amazon Web Services. It's a generative AI-assisted credit assessment. The virtual credit 
underwriter should roll in this year. We've been piloting it softly, and we'll roll it once we see 
the results. 
 
Our assumptions for the year ahead are as follows: one, we will endeavor to grow at 5% to 7% 
quarter-on-quarter. There will be quarters like the quarter 4 where we will surprise ourselves, 
but this continues to be our guidance. Two, we have been guiding a 50 bps reduction in operating 
cost year-on-year due to the design of taking a fully loaded opex of 16 states to listing and then 
benefiting from scale and efficiency. Three, last year, against the guidance, we have delivered a 
69 basis point reduction. In the coming year, we will endeavor to deliver another 50 basis points 
cost reduction. Four, we will put out 20 to 25 branches this year as well. Five, we are not 
penciling in any reduction in cost of funds. If it happens, we will take it as a bonus. Usually, 
what happens is that on Excel sheets, we take the good news in, but bad news always arrives 
from where you can't see. So we'll keep this path aside. Six, co-origination will remain at 20% 
of our incremental origination, nothing changes there. Gold will remain 15% to 17% of our book, 
no change. Eight, we will be holding on to our view of closely watching our credit cost, and it 
should move in the 1% plus/minus 10 basis points range. 
 
It's funny how humans think in terms of adding zeros to scale. When you start the company, the 
milestones you think of tend to be INR 100 crores, INR 1,000 crores. This year we are looking 
forward to us crossing INR 10,000 crores of an AUM number. While one knows that the top line 
is vanity, bottom line is sanity, and cash flow is reality, the ultimate measure of an NBFC will 
always be scale, profitability and governance, and we will strive towards that. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
So to conclude, we have put ourselves in a position, where good things can happen to us. But 
we know that while that is a good condition precedent to have, it is only through disciplined 
execution that we can get to where we want. So help us god. 
 
And now over to Narayan for more detailed comments. 
Narayan Barasia: 
Thank you, Aseem. Good morning, everyone. Our AUM for March 2025 is INR 8,747 crores 
with a growth of 28% on a Y-o-Y basis and 7% on a Q-o-Q basis, with 100% of our AUM now 
secured by properties and gold. Our MSME AUM, which is 83% of our AUM grew by 27% Y-
o-Y and 7% Q-o-Q to INR 7,249 crores. We added 22 branch during the year, 8 branch during 
the last quarter. The total branch count now stands at 205, as of 31st March '25. 
 
In terms of yield, spreads and opex, the yields and spreads continue to remain stable at 17.88% 
and 8.53%, respectively, for the quarter. Our borrowing cost has reduced 5 basis points Y-o-Y 
and is at 9.33% for the full year in spite of continuous increase in MCLR during the year. Our 
opex is flat compared to previous quarter and is at 4.62% for the quarter, but improved by 39 
basis points from Q4 of previous year due to operating leverage increase in the organization. 
This is in spite of a consistent increase in the branch network. 
 
In terms of asset quality, our GNPA is range bound in Q4 to 2.74% with PCR increasing to 
45.69%. Our credit cost is 1% for the quarter, which is in the range of our guidance. In terms of 
capital and return ratios, our capital adequacy ratio is 36.1% with tangible net worth of INR2,900 
crores, as of March '25. Our return on average AUM for the quarter is 4.52%, with return on 
average tangible equity further improving to 13.14% for the quarter. 
 
We made PAT of INR 94 crores for the quarter, thereby reporting a growth of 29% on a Y-o-Y 
basis and 7% on a Q-o-Q basis. And the PAT for the full year is at INR 345 crores, which has 
grown at 46% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
With this, we open the floor for question-and-answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
It was just a little bit qualitative. Aseem you mentioned that we are a little bit more cautious in 
the current environment. Now is it just kind of a fear of unknown, unknown? Or is it something 
that you're tangibly able to see at the ground? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So see, Nischint, you are the only man who's Nischint, all of us have a lot of chinta. So that was  
on a lighter note. But basically, see, the way we see it is that if you look at the last few years, 
there has been a lot of volatility that has happened. One -- some came from liquidity events, 
some came from nature like COVID, some came from man-made events and crisis, and some 
came from regulatory pressures that built, and some have come from on-ground issues that what 
we have seen in Karnataka and now what we are seeing in Tamil Nadu. So there have been a 
series of events that have happened. And every year, there has been some thing that has disturbed 
the flow. So one needs to be careful, and one needs to be watchful. We don't know what the 
future entails. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
And the fact is that when we are lending to a customer segment, which is a higher risk segment, 
and therefore, we have to be a lot more watchful always. So I don't think our commentary will 
ever change whichever year you will hear the call in because it is easy to -- see, it's a difficult 
business apart from one player, there has not been anybody who's been able to build scale in this 
business over time. 
 
So it's a difficult business. We recognize that. And we know that we have to be watchful. It's a 
slippery slope. We will have to be watchful. Nothing that there is an event right now, but every 
year, some event seems to be coming that we can't see. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Just a little bit of -- again, a little bit of quantitative maybe. On the asset side, with rates 
coming down, how fast do you think you need to transmit? And any specific reason why you 
said that you don't want to pen down any cost of benefit this year? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So see we -- it takes time to transmit, -- while the rate cuts happen, incremental borrowing costs 
have already begun to come down. But the book doesn't reprice until MCLR moves et cetera, 
which will take time. I mean, there is a pressure on banks also on net interest margin, 
maintenance, etcetera. 
 
So I don't see that transmission of rate cuts and durable liquidity is going to immediately come 
to us. So it may come by the second half of the year. And it may come in small spurts, so 5 basis 
points here, 7 basis points there. We don't see a material reduction in cost this financial year is 
the base case. If it comes, we'll take it with both hands. 
 
And the transmission only happens when our cost of fund moves, and our other parameters 
move. So transmission -- so there will be a delay and a lag between transmission of what happens 
with the regulator and what happens at the banks. Similar, there will be a lag at what happens to 
us and what will ultimately get transferred to the customer. So I don't see any rate reduction 
possibility for customers this financial year at least. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. Because between '22 and '24 when rates were rising, you actually did see a spread 
expansion. So I'm just trying to understand the behaviour? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So see, what happens is the rise was very sudden then. It was at one stroke, you had a 250 basis 
point increase. It was a very abnormal rise. So everyone had to react and respond to something 
that was an abnormal event. This year, I mean, nobody -- there's nobody's case that we are 
looking at that kind of a rate reduction. So when it is big, the shock and the reaction is instant. 
When it is in small spurts, it takes time to transmit through. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Any change in outlook for gold business after the draft regulation from RBI? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Hi, Nischint. So there's nothing materially changing for us. In fact, we'd like to welcome the 
draft circular, which is in circulation as of now. So nothing changes for us. So for last year, on 
an average, while there was volume growth of 15%, the price movement of almost close to 24%-
25% took our average growth to 40% in gold. So clearly, nothing changes for us either 
operationally or otherwise. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. And just one tiny one last one, if I can squeeze. On the co-origination side, I think as rates 
go down, do you kind of tend to benefit? I mean, I'm just curious how the pricing is -- evolve 
for you? 
Aseem Dhru: 
See effectively, it's a zero-sum game because the rates are linked to repo both ways. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Both ways. Ok got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Renish Bhuva: 
On 2 things. So one, on this 1+ DPD trend, right? So we have been witnessing a steady increase 
in 1+, but at the same time, of course, we've been also able to contain 90+. I mean that's what 
our gross NPA suggest. So just wanted to get a sense, which geography or pocket is sort of 
driving this higher flows into early buckets. And do you see any risk to the pace of outflows 
from 1+ to 90+ in coming quarters maybe because of this change or any other macro events that 
can play? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Yes. So on the 0+, basically that we have seen impact of Karnataka portfolio because of certain 
events. And due to that, we are seeing that impact on 0+. We are not seeing any material 
movement at this point in time due to the same. So forward-looking for full year, we are not 
changing our forecast. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. Got it. So incremental flows to early buckets is mainly because of Karnataka issue. 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Basically 50 basis points is due to that thing. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
So Renish, all other states have been constant in the quarter and the only impact that has come 
in is coming from Karnataka. We have a material portfolio there and therefore, that in the bucket 
1 has got impacted and therefore, 0+ is bloated to that extent. But in all other states, we've been 
able to contain the flow. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. And maybe if you can just share the ground feedback currently. I mean, things have 
stabilized in terms of flows? Or how is it? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So obviously, this started somewhere at the beginning of the last quarter. And all I can mention 
is that sequentially, we're seeing improvement month-on-month. So Feb was better than Jan and 
March was obviously better than Feb. So obviously, sequentially, we're seeing it better. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. Okay. And maybe slightly related to that also is on the disbursement side. So on a full 
year basis, we saw our disbursement in secured SME is actually down. And now sort of when 
we are saying sort of we will be able to maintain or sustain this 5% to 10% sequential growth. 
If I just calculate the numbers, the ask rate for quarterly disbursement would be roughly INR 
850-plus crores. So are we confident of sustaining or achieving those numbers with the new 
issue in TN? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes. So probably I'll just break up the numbers for you. So what you see on a full year basis is 
largely because of a 1 quarter impact, which was the Q1 impact, where the total numbers had 
dropped closer to INR 550 crores. And then thereafter, there was a sequential uptick in it. If you 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
were to just pencil in a number of anything between 4% to 5%-odd, you would continue to grow 
upwards of 20% in disbursals, closer to 25% of disbursals. And also, in terms of your AUM 
growth, it's going to be more than 25% and that clearly mirrors our 5% to 7%. 
 
We were averaging close to around INR 255-odd crores a month last quarter, and that's going to 
take us to more than INR 300 crores or closer to INR 300 crores by the end of the year. So that's 
not a very large ask that we have before us. So if we were to go with your number seems to be 
largely within our range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Kayal from Monarch AIF. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Just one question. So our growth in the Western region has been kind of muted at around 12%? 
So if you can give some color on this? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
It is a soft pocket for us and some part of it is by design. Some of the states we had last year 
consciously had slowed down because we weren't very comfortable on the numbers that were 
coming up from the industry perspective. The numbers seem to be looking a lot better. So 
moving forward, we would see an accelerated ramp-up, and that's where the opportunity for us 
to hit our required ask on the disbursal also comes through. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question? The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Shreya Shivani: 
I just wanted to understand you talked about opening 20 to 25 branches in the coming year. How 
do you decide on which geographies to expand in? Is it district-by-district expansion? Can you 
talk a little bit on that? And there was a media article yesterday, which talked about certain 
regulation coming in, in Tamil Nadu, which may try to formulate rules around collections. I see 
you have lesser number of branches in Tamil Nadu than Karnataka, so I can understand the 
impact could be restricted. But if you can help us understand what are the stress -- if there is any 
stress in that state going ahead? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes. So answering your first question with respect to branches. So if you would have looked at 
our number of states, we're not adding any state. What we've been constantly maintaining is that 
we're going to get deeper into every state, depending upon the experience that we have on 
origination, on underwriting, and on the profitability for those states. 
 
And the way it works for us is that we get deeper at a district level, as we move into each of 
these states. So our existing states are going to get stronger. You would see better outcomes 
coming in from the states where we are already present. Some of them, we are the flag bearers 
in those particular states, where we have a significant market share, and we will continue to 
strive deeper in those particular markets. 
 
Answering your second question in terms of the Tamil Nadu exposure, we have a 3% overall 
exposure. We'll be a little watchful as to how the situation unfolds in this particular quarter 
before deciding to significantly ramp-up. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. And sir, one thing that I wanted to understand, you mentioned how the environment in 
the country has been volatile in the past so many years. So within the segment, how do you 
manoeuvre around sub-segments? I'm not talking in terms of if you're doing secured MSME, not 
in terms of one state has more stress, so I move to other states, that is understandable. But do 
you choose the kind of MSMEs that you are lending to, or you move that around also? And are 
there any subsegments of MSME, where you feel there is bigger stress right now? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So in our previous commentary, we've said that our decision to lend or go slow is a function of 
multiple things. It's not really related to an event, probably something what happened in 
Karnataka, Tamil Nadu is probably a situation which is solving for excesses, but our decision is 
largely more credit-driven and how is the market being driven in those particular states. So a 
couple of states we had slowed down last month. That was largely driven because of the 
delinquencies going up in that particular segment, not necessarily with us. 
 
And also, the entire efficiency of log-in to approvals to disbursal ratios, if that's not really 
favorable, then it's a high cost impact for us. So independent of these particular spurt of events 
because these will ultimately settle down. But our decisions to grow, accelerate is dependent 
upon a lot of other functions, which also mirrors up your question saying that what is it that we 
look at the segment. 
 
So when we look at segments, we look at how are the big tickets doing, how are the mid-tickets 
doing, how the low ticket doing, how is the 0+ moving, how is the 90+ transition happening, 
how are the disbursals moving. So a lot of those considerations come into play before we decide 
what the plan for the quarter and the full year is going to be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kamal Mulchandani from Investec Capital Services. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
My first question is like with respect to the increase in 1+ DPD in the recent quarters, have we 
put in some incremental credit filters? And what are we doing extra in terms of improving our 
collection efficiencies? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So 1+, as we articulated earlier in the question that is we have seen the impact of Karnataka 
coming in 1+ in last quarter, and that has impacted our 0+ by 50 basis points. We are seeing this 
to stabilize in coming quarters, and for full year, we are not expecting any material impact of the 
same. 
 
From a credit side, we continue to watch the space and internally we have been strengthening 
our collection processes in past couple of years. So this is the same. We are not changing any 
guidance for full year. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Okay. Okay. Secondly, for your gold finance book, if you could just highlight the number of 
branches from where we are sourcing this book? And incrementally, are we seeing some growth 
in the tonnage as well? Or it is purely related to the increase in gold prices? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So in terms of the tonnage, we saw -- so in terms of volume growth, the split is 15% is largely 
driven because of volume and 25% is the benefit that we got in terms of the price increase -- 
average price increase. And that's how it sums up your 40% growth in the gold business. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Okay. And branches from where we are sourcing the gold loan, if you could just tell the number? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
165 branches. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi group. 
Kunal Shah: 
So firstly, with respect to the overall ECL provisioning and particularly on Stage 1, so that has 
got reduced by almost like 20-odd basis points. While we have seen the coverage increasing 
both for Stage 3 as well as Stage 2, so not very sure in terms of what is leading to change. 
Obviously, you also indicated that the environment is uncertain, then this would be on a back 
pull, but still do we plan to increase the coverage or something? And what could be the reason 
for this decline? 
Aseem Dhru: 
No, no. So see, we refreshed our ECL model, and this has come out of that model. I mean, 
probably we were overproviding. Even now we are providing higher than anybody else. So this 
is just when the bots come out, we have completely automated our ECL provisioning. So there 
is no manual intervention. We do management overlays over and above this wherever we deem 
fit, but this number that has come out of the model and even after reduction, it is still highest 
compared to anybody else you would see. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And management overlay, what would be that number today, if there is any? Yes. 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Around INR 4 crores. 
Kunal Shah: 
INR 4 crores. Okay. Okay. And secondly, when you indicated with respect to the cost of funds 
remaining stable, so that comment is only on cost of funds. It's not, say, with respect to spreads. 
So looking at maybe the overall funding cost environment, there could be some lag, but we 
should have that advantage. And given that the proportion of cibil more than 700 customers is 
also rising, okay, would there be further pressure on yields and margins could come off? Would 
that be the case? 
Aseem Dhru: 
You have seen us over 8 quarters, even in increasing cost of funds, our spreads have only gone 
up. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So still maybe even though funding cost remains similar, then not much pressure on 
spreads would be there, that's what the indication is? 
Aseem Dhru: 
No. as already laid out in the guidance, nothing changes. Everything remains what we had said 
in the run-up to the roadshow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satish Kumar from Mirae Asset Capital. Please go ahead.  
Satish Kumar: 
So 2 questions from my side. First one is related to the cost-to-income ratio. As the cost-to-
income ratio is to around 40% and the company has adequately invested over the past few fiscal. 
So would we expect the same trend going forward on the cost ratio front? And the second one 
is the MSME segment. So what is the growth guidance for the MSME credit growth given the 
competition is rising for these segments? 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So with respect to the MSME segment, I think the overall market, if you look at it, that's close 
to around INR 3.5 lakh crores in the category of INR 5 lakhs to INR 30-odd lakhs. And that's 
growing in the range of 20%-odd. So with a lower base, if we are projecting 5% to 7% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, that is something which is achievable, and that's something that we've 
been maintaining for the last couple of years. We don't see any of those variables changing. 
 
We've invested in our distribution across the country. So some spurt here or some event here or 
there is not going to probably change the guidance in any form. So clearly, while the competition 
could be getting intense, but I guess the market is also growing enough and there is adequate 
and enough and more opportunity for most of the players to grow. 
Satish Kumar: 
Okay. And on cost-to-income ratio front, sir? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Opex side, I think what we always guided is that we will reduce our opex by largely 50 basis 
points as the distribution tends to spread. Last year, our opex went down by almost 70 basis 
points. Our next year guidance also remains the same that we will reduce it by 50 basis points. 
So it is going to be a downward sloping curve that you would see on our opex to AUM or the 
cost-to-income, whichever way you derive that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Mayank Mistry: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. First is basis on the gold draft that has came in. So do we have any 
consumption-led loans in our portfolio? And if yes, then how should we see the growth going 
forward given that it is said that the growth is going to be impacted for gold loans going forward. 
So although we are at the higher end of our guidance, should we see this move below 15% going 
forward? 
 
And secondly, what would be our Tamil Nadu exposure because again, the same regulations, 
same ordinance has been passed by Tamil Nadu as well, which has been passed in Karnataka. 
So these are my 2 questions. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So with respect to the Tamil Nadu exposure, it's close to around 3% of our AUM. So the 
exposure is not very large, significant. As I had maintained earlier in the call that we will be a 
little watchful, as how the events turn out and then depending upon those, we will decide our 
acquisition in that particular state. So as of now, it's not a very large material event for us, which 
will impact our overall momentum. 
 
Your question on gold with respect to consumption, I think let me break this into 2 parts - What 
you see consumption-driven loans are largely small ticket loans in gold. What we typically see 
is more than -- our average ticket size is slightly more than INR 1 lakh, closer to probably INR 
110,000 to INR 120,000-odd. These are largely business owners are used for business purposes. 
So the impact drawing towards consumption-driven loans is also going to be limited. 
Mayank Mistry: 
So what would be the currently mix of income generation and consumption loans in our book 
then? 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Pankaj Poddar: 
It will be mostly consumption. So like basically loans for which we would be offering in gold 
loan. 
Aseem Dhru: 
See gold is a very small portion of our book. We are an MSME lender. That's our focus. Gold 
will remain at this 15%-17%, no change. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, my question is on, would give us some idea on how the bounce rate has been like in the 
current quarter? And I mean, with your initial commentary on some elevated risk in a few states, 
how do you see -- I mean, how do you think it will pan out in next 2 or 3 quarters? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
We usually track 0+ as a metric in the segment and bounce rate for the last 1 year has remained 
flattish from our portfolio perspective. 0+ has been one of the tracking points that we are looking 
at, and that's where our collections have been driven. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. And sir, what is -- I mean, what do we have as an internal estimate for a steady-state ROA 
on our AUM? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
So ROA has been ranging around 4.5% from the last 6-odd quarters. And as we lever up, there 
will be some compression on the ROA, but we would want to hold it on for the next 1 year 
between 4% to 4.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Toshniwal from Premji Investments. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Sir, I would request you to please use your handset. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Hello. Is it better? Yes. Sir, the question was on the gold loan piece itself. I think specifically on 
these 2 that how is our structure of the gold loan in terms of bullet repayment or principal EMI? 
And with the LTV norms changing, how should we look at that piece itself, maybe for you and 
also for the sectors, if you can help us, right? 
 
And the second is from the increasing intensity of requiring to document the purpose, etcetera., 
how should that be looked at? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So from an LTV perspective, our overall LTV on the gold portfolio is close to around 60%-odd. 
So at a portfolio level, obviously, we have a required margin of safety, so that's not an issue. 
With respect to the new draft circular, which has come into play, we are already following that 
circular. So for us, there is no material change that we see with respect to the LTVs, which is in 
play. What was your third question? 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
On the increase in documentation fees, sir. So I think you said more -- given most of our loans 
are income generation, but do we now need to put in some additional efforts in terms of 
documenting the end purpose of loans so practically, how is that possible? 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So I think that was a soft nudge, which was always there from the regulator to monitor the end 
use for the gold loans for a particular ticket sizes and above. So that was already into play. We 
will just have to see that whether it is for the entire spectrum or is it for certain ticket sizes. If it's 
for certain ticket sizes and above, then there is no change for us. 
 
In case it is for the entire spectrum, that's the only incremental or marginal effort that will be 
required from our side. But on an overall impact basis, we really won't have to turn the entire 
tumbler up and down on this one. Whatever changes are going to be there are going to be 
marginal and not really extremely -- it's not going to impact our cost in any way. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Okay. Sir, one last question that our repayment structure in the gold loan, is it a bullet-based 
repayment? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
See, if you look at the circular, what it tends to say is that if you have a ballooning structure, 
where you balloon all your interest and everything is rear ended, there could be an event risk in 
case the gold price falls, and that's rightfully done in. Thankfully, we are largely on a monthly 
servicing that we do it or on an EMI basis. 
 
So again, to that particular portfolios that have been mentioned in, we don't have a share in that 
particular bucket or that particular product in our overall portfolio. So again, the impact 
assessment on that particular point is also minimal for us. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Thank you. That's it from our side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
