  Date: August 14, 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on Thursday, August 7, 2025 at 4.00 
p.m. IST
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing obligations and disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Please find enclosed herewith a transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with the Investors 
and Analysts held on Thursday, August 7, 2025 at 4.00 p.m. IST. 
The aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company viz., www.godrejagrovet.com. 
Please take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Vivek Raizada 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787)  

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Godrej Agrovet Limited  
Quarter-1 of the Financial Year 2025-26  
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 7, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NADIR GODREJ – CHAIRMAN, GODREJ AGROVET 
LIMITED 
MR. BALRAM S. YADAV – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CEO AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - DESIGNATE – GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED  
MR. S. VARADARAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED 
MR. BURJIS GODREJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTEC 
LIFESCIENCES 
MR. ARIJIT MUKHERJEE – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
ASTEC LIFESCIENCES 
HOST: 
 
MR. PROBAL SEN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godrej Agrovet Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, Moderator. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for making the time to join 
us on this Godrej Agrovet’s Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
From the Company, we have with us members of the senior management, including Mr. Nadir 
Godrej – Chairman of the Company, Mr. Balram S. Yadav – Managing Director, Mr. Sunil 
Kataria – the CEO and Managing Director - Designate, Mr. S. Varadaraj – Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Burjis Godrej – Managing Director of Astec LifeSciences, and Mr. Arijit Mukherjee 
– Chief Operating Officer, Astec LifeSciences. 
As is usually the case, we would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have the forum open for an interactive Q&A session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared by the Company with you earlier.  
I would like to now invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make the initial remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet’s Earnings Call.  
Before I commence with the business update, I would like to take this opportunity to express a 
heartfelt appreciation and thank Balram for his extraordinary contributions to the Company over 
the years. His unwavering commitment and visionary leadership, marked by wisdom and 
integrity, has left an indelible mark. I would like to wish him joy, good health, and fulfilling 
experiences.  
I would also like to take this opportunity to welcome Sunil Kataria, who will take over from 
Balram. Sunil has had a distinguished track record of driving growth and building high-
performing teams, and his rich experience will bring immense value to the organization. I wish 
him all the very best.  
Now, I will comment on the ‘Business Update’ for Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '26.  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Godrej Agrovet Limited reported strong financial performance for Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '26 with 
notable growth in revenues, profitability, and operational efficiencies. The growth in 
profitability was mainly driven by robust volumes and improved operational efficiencies in the 
vegetable oils business, supported by significant reduction in losses in Astec Lifesciences. 
The Company recorded consolidated revenue from operations of Rs. 2,614 crore in Quarter 1 
Fiscal Year '26, as against Rs. 2,351 crore in Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '25, registering a growth of 
11%.  
Profit before tax also improved from Rs. 151 crore in Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '25 to Rs. 188 crore 
in Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '26.  
Coming to the key ‘Financial’ and ‘Business Highlights’ of each of our business segments: 
In Animal Feed, while overall volume growth was a healthy 8%, segment revenue and 
underlying margins were flat due to lower realizations. Volume growth was recorded across all 
key categories, led by Broiler feed at 13%, Cattle feed at 11%, and Layer feed at 4%.  
Our Vegetable Oil segment revenue and margins improved significantly in Quarter 1 Fiscal Year 
'26 as compared to Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '25 on the back of increased average realizations of 
Crude Palm Oil and Palm Kernel Oil, coupled with higher Fresh Fruit Bunch arrivals, higher by 
50% year-on-year. Oil extraction ratio also improved year-on-year.  
Standalone Crop Protection segment revenue grew marginally by 5% year-on-year, on the back 
of an increase in volume in the in-house category. Lower net realizations in respect of in-house 
and in-licensing categories on account of channel mix and higher discounts resulted in the 
segment margins being marginally lower but in line with our expectations. 
I am pleased to announce the launch of a new in-licensed maize herbicide introduced under the 
brand name Ashitaka in July 2025.  
Astec LifeSciences’ revenue improved by 31% year-on-year, primarily on account of higher 
volumes in both the Enterprise and CDMO categories. EBITDA also improved year-on-year, 
primarily on account of higher volumes and lower raw material costs in the Enterprise category, 
coupled with better capacity utilization.  
In Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '26, our Dairy segment revenues remained flat as compared to Q1 Fiscal 
Year '25, while milk volumes increased by 2% year-on-year. Unseasonable rains in the months 
of April, May temporarily impacted the sale of value-added products (VAP).  
EBITDA margins declined primarily due to increase in milk procurement prices, compression 
of markets in key value-added products due to early rains and increased spends in advertising 
and marketing.  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
The Poultry and Processed Food segment recorded a decline in revenue and margins, primarily 
due to lower volumes and muted realizations in the live bird category as we continue to focus 
on growing the branded business and reduce our exposure to the live bird category.  
GAVL's joint venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej recorded revenue decline of 20% year-on-year 
in Quarter 1 Fiscal Year '26 due to volume contraction across categories in the backdrop of a 
challenging political and economic environment. 
That concludes our business and financial performance update for the quarter. With this, I close 
my opening remarks. We will now be happy to answer your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may please press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question que, you may please press * and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and Gentleman, we will wait for a moment while the 
question que assembles.  
Ladies and Gentlemen to ask a question , please press * and 1 now. Participants who wish to ask 
a question may please press * and 1 at this time.  
The first question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Good afternoon and thank you so much for taking my questions. First of all, if it is possible to 
share any update on your outlook for Fiscal '26? You had already shared with us last quarter that 
you expected 16% to 18% top line growth at GAVL and various business-wise commentary as 
well. But if it is possible, you know, in light of the performance of the quarter gone by and 
pricing pressure in some of the segments, if it is possible to update your outlook, that would be 
very helpful.  
Balram S. Yadav: 
So, after the first quarter, I think we still maintain the top-line growth to be in early teens. And 
once we come to questions about different segments, we will talk about different segments also. 
But we maintain the same expectation for profit. And you must have seen that we have grown 
profit in Quarter 1 by 25% over Quarter 1 last year. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it sir. Thank you. Just on the crop protection business, if I may drill in one level deeper. On 
the new product, Ashitaka, if it is possible to share any outlook or expectations you might have 
regarding market potential for the product. And we had a target of growing revenues in that 
domestic business by 30% this year. Yet, there is competition and pricing pressure, I guess, in 
some of our key products. So, what would be the key drivers for this kind of growth in the 
upcoming year?  
Balram S. Yadav: 
I must brief you that we did not have very good quarter as far as Agri products are concerned. 
And we expect that in Q2, since the PYNA season has not gone well, because of erratic rainfall, 

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
we might have some returns in Q2, which will be more than what we had provisioned for. It is 
only towards the end of August that we come to know because till about middle of August, some 
season continues in different parts of the country. So, by the end of August, we will know that 
what would be the actual return. But definitely, we know that it will be much more than what 
we had provisioned for.  
Having said that, I must also tell you that the rainfall has been extremely good. And we have 
several products to be sold in our Rabi season. So, we expect to catch up in Rabi in some of the 
products, but the kind of setback we have had in PYNA cannot be covered by the other products 
we have. So, let us see. I think definitely we will maintain an EBIT margin of close to 28% to 
30%. That is what the indication we had given on steady state because last year, 40 plus percent 
was an outlier. But top line growth, we will be only able to come to know once the season is 
fully over.  
Since you have asked about Ashitaka, I must tell you, yes, that is a very, very important product 
for us going forward. The theoretical potential of Ashitaka is about Rs. 200 crores. And we 
believe that we will get there in three, four years. But I must tell you, I must marry Ashitaka's 
story with our corn story in the country.  
Corn acreages are going up. You know, this year also till now, about 7% acreage in corn has 
gone up. Prices of corn are very high. It is a very profitable crop for our farmers, largely because 
of the ethanol story being played out. We strongly believe similar growth will be maintained in 
Rabi also. 
So Ashitaka’s potential may be much higher than our expectations in time to come because we 
will produce about 37-38 million tons of corn this year and we will be just hand to mouth because 
poultry demand as well as ethanol demand is rising.  
So, my sense is that in two to three years’ time we have to get to about 45 million tons of corn 
which will mean that from something like 9.4-9.5 million hectares. We will have to go to 11 
million hectares area under corn. So, this is the good opportunity for Ashitaka. So, we believe 
that our expectations from Ashitaka will be revised further upwards as the time passes. 
Regarding the pricing pressure, definitely pricing pressure has come because other competitors 
for the same products have come. Gracia is also shared by the principal with other companies. 
So, definitely when competition grows, we cannot enjoy same level of margins. So, idea is to 
expand to different crops. We have already got labels for several other vegetable crops. Not only 
chilli. So, we believe horizontal expansion in terms of crops and area will definitely maintain 
Gracia volumes and profitability. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you Sir. That is helpful. And on Astec LifeSciences, if it is possible to share your updated 
expectations in terms of how you are seeing the industry scenario, plus any impact at all of these 
U.S. tariffs that have been recently announced?  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 Burjis Godrej: 
So, Astec is expected to report EBITDA break-even for this financial year. The volumes of the 
enterprise products have improved over the last two years, but there has been no major 
improvement observed in the price realization. The gross margins in Enterprise segment are 
positive in the current quarter, which is a good sign, and it is a sign of recovery. And we are also 
seeing raw material prices reducing, which is another positive sign.  
 
Regarding impact of U.S. tariffs, there is a lot of uncertainty prevailing in terms of what the final 
tariff rates will be. We understand that trade negotiations are still in progress. We will be able to 
comment once we get further updates. But thankfully, our exposure to the U.S. in the form of 
exports only ranges from about 7% to 10% of our total sales. Our major customers are in South 
Korea and Japan.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. And just one last thing for me before I get back in the queue. Just within the 
Vegetable Oil segment, what would the percentage share of value-added products be within total 
revenues and also profits, if it is possible to break those out? 
 Balram S Yadav 
So, today, 80% of our sales is now value-added, which is mostly Olein, Stearin and PFAD, 
because I must also tell you that you need to understand one thing about this business. Today, 
there is a, actually, government dropped the import duty on CPO by 10%. So, if earlier, the 
differential between refined and CPO was 8.75%, which went to about 18% plus. Then suddenly 
refinery has become profitable. And that is why we are passing all our CPO through our refinery.  
 
However, if you take last year's case, it was not the case. Last year, the refining margins were 
either very low or negative. So, we disposed off most of the oil as CPO because our focus is to 
maximize profit. So, this will be the, I would say, entrepreneurial decision we will have to take 
month-on-month, quarter-on-quarter in this particular business. The incremental profit of the 
refinery segment is about 1 % to 1.5 % depending on prices.  
 
To add to our value-added story, we are in the process of setting up a PKO refinery, which will 
come into production in Q3. And in Q4, we will also be starting inter-esterification and 
hydrogenation, which will also enable us to get into further value-added products, like bakery 
fat, shortening, etc. So, I think we have started this journey. And our strategy is to convert more 
and more of our Crude Palm Oil and Palm Kernel Oil into value-added products. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thanks a lot Sir. I will get back in the queue for anymore. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Ladies and Gentleman to ask a question please press * and 1 now. Participants 
who wish to ask questions may please press * and 1 at this time. The next question is from the 
line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi AMC. Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Hi, team. Balram sir, firstly on Animal Feed, could you just explain that comment that is there 
in the PPT which states that you all have had a higher utilization of the vendor invoice 

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
discounting, which resulted in higher input costs and lower finance costs? So, could you please 
explain that?  
S. Varadaraj: 
So, in the past, this is Varadaraj. In the past as well, we have sort of, from time to time, taken 
benefit of the vendor invoice discounting program by taking extended credit on our purchases.  
 
Now, what it does is that whenever you take extended credit on our purchases, that cost goes 
and sits as part of the material cost, thereby impacting the segment results. Okay. And that is the 
reason why we have sort of talked about the underlying segment margin as well. Trust this 
clarifies the question.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Ok. Sir, the second question is on palm oil. Could you first call out what is the quantum of FFB 
bunches that we got in this quarter?  
S. Varadaraj: 
Sure. Yes, so FFB improvement is 52% over last year. And Q1 FY '26, we got 178k tons. Q1 
FY '25, we got about 117k tons, which is a 52% increase. I must say that this is an extraordinary 
quarter as far as oil palm business is concerned because we have never seen such a good FFB 
arrival in the first quarter. It is largely because of early rains.  
 
I must also say that we are seeing extremely good oil extraction ratios in the first quarter, which 
we have never seen in the past. In Quarter 1 of FY '26, we had 18.37% oil extraction ratio as 
compared to Quarter 1 of FY '25, which is 17.98%.  
 
But I must tell you that these trees are trees. They may produce early. They may produce late. 
But they are likely to produce the same quantity with normal productivity increase, which 
happens with age and management. So, my sense is that this year we are expecting about 15% 
to 18% increase in FFB arrivals over last year.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood. And sir, given that the first quarter was much better in terms of procurement, does 
that mean that the second quarter will be affected for any reason? Because second quarter season 
is the best quarter for us.  
 Balram S Yadav : 
Yes, so today, we definitely see that FFB arrivals continue to be at last year or slightly more than 
last year level. But it is early to judge because there was a lot of rain in our areas in July. We 
feel that Q2 will definitely be the top quarter the way it has been historically. I am very glad to 
report that OER continues to be all-time high coupled with extremely good prices because of 
several reasons. So, we believe that from profitability point of view, Quarter 2 will also be 
extremely good.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, I want to ask another question on OER. Sir, because the OER in this bunch of arrivals is on 
the higher side, is it a fair assumption to make that for the balance part of the year also the OER 
expectations on the higher side of 19.8 versus the 18?  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 Balram S Yadav : 
It is a fair assumption because that is the pattern we see every day that our lowest OER is in the 
monsoon season when the bunches are wet. And after that once monsoon reduces and the 
temperatures become slightly more benign, the oil content increases.  
 
For example, I must tell you Q4 FY '25, the OER was 19.66%. So, as compared to that, Q1 is 
lower, 18.37%. But I must say that this year we are going to have an extremely good year in 
OER. And you know OER is direct injection into our profitability. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, thirdly, could you tell me about crop protection? Actually, what went wrong in the crop 
protection this year for us? Because the season has been fairly good. So, was it to do with the 
channel, the product? Could you just speak a little more on the segment?  
Balram S Yadav: 
So, I am saying that we were better off in terms of market information. Most of our digital 
programs had already been initiated and have reached certain levels of maturity in tracking of 
our stocks, etc. And we have improved our sales and distribution. Everything, according to me, 
was right, except this season is very unique. So, the rain started early. There was a lot of rains. 
And you know, the sowing also started. And most of the sowing was completed about one week 
or 10 days before the time.  
 
Now, our PYNA products, particularly Hitweed Maxx, is to be sprayed at two leaf level. Now, 
that is the level where you need certain amount of irrigation for this herbicide to be effective. 
Unfortunately, for about three weeks, there was total dry period in the areas of Vidarbha, 
Marathwada and several parts of the country where cotton is grown. 
 
You must have also heard about reports that just because of a dry period, there has been resowing 
in several areas as far as cotton is concerned. And not only us, anybody, all the companies which 
have been in the early-stage herbicides for cotton, they have had huge amount of unsold material 
in the market.  
 
Having said that, I must say that this is one of the issues with this business, and that is why 
efforts around to balance the portfolio improve. Today we are very skewed towards Kharif, but 
most of the products in pipeline are also focused at Rabi crops. Rabi is increasing in salience 
over the past years as far as this business is concerned. And we believe that Rabi will be equally 
balanced in two years once the new molecules which are in different stages of registration are 
launched. 
 S Varadaraj: 
I would like to add that as regards Hitweed and Hitweed Maxx, we are in the midst of the season. 
And as the season progresses, we will get more and more clarity in terms of what is happening 
in terms of the inventory in the market, etc.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood, But sir, this is, I mean, in the earlier part of the call, you said that maybe you may 
have to take some returns, and this will be more than provided for. This is a little conflicting to 
what you mentioned earlier. So, could you please clarify?  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 Balram S. Yadav: 
So, we still maintain that we will have returns. It is the tail end of the season. But the only thing 
is that last year also we had seen that surprisingly our liquidation was much more than what we 
expected. So, that is why we are a little cautious. But I still reiterate that the returns will be more 
than expected. How much more is something which we will only be able to tell towards the end 
of August.  
 
You must also remember one more statement I made which was resowing of cotton. So, even 
the cotton season in some of the areas is delayed. But it is so vast and the kind of information 
which is needed to be able to predict all this is not there. So, that is why it is very difficult to 
take an informed guess on what percentage of returns, etc., at this time of the year.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood Sir. And, sir, Gracia, you said that Nissan has given it to other competitors. So, could 
you explain, I thought that the in-licensed products, the arrangement was such where they used 
our distribution network and that was mostly exclusive to us. So, for what period do you have 
the exclusivity? When does it then get open to competition? And given that Gracia was very 
important in the scheme of things, could you call out what was the size of Gracia in the crop 
protection business and how much do you think that would get diluted by incrementally? 
Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentleman , the lines for the management have been connected. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
S. Varadaraj: 
Sorry. We got disconnected, Can you please repeat the last question? Because we were not able 
to hear the last question.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, my question was that Balram sir made a point that Gracia has now been shared by, you 
know, to other competitors by Nissan. So, I just wanted to understand the kind of arrangement 
that you have with Nissan. Is it that these products are exclusive to you for a certain duration? 
Is that like sort of is it product by product? Because they are leveraging of our distribution 
network. So, some semantics around how the relationship works.  
 
And secondly, could you call out what is the size of Gracia in our crop protection business? 
Because it is a material product for us. And incrementally, how much runoff do we see from that 
product? 
  Balram S. Yadav : 
So, as far as the in-licensing is concerned, no Japanese Company nowadays gives exclusivity to 
anybody. The only difference which has happened in last year is that earlier the other Company 
used to be given material through us. Now it has been made direct. 
 
But definitely that was part of the deal that eventually they will service at least two partners in 
the country directly. Rashinban we have exclusivity for some time, I think two years or three 
years. So, exclusivity for two years in Rashinban, I think three years in Rashinban. But we will 
revert on that. But we have some exclusivity there. 

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Even Ashitaka, which is another molecule from another Japanese Company, which we are 
launching today, in different brand name, it is with one more partner. The salience of Gracia last 
year in Quarter 1 was 18%. This year Quarter 1 is about 5%.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, could you call out Gracia for the full year in FY '25 and how you expect it to run off in 
'26? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
FY '25 full year was 18%. FY '24 was 29%.  
Balram S. Yadav: 
Last year Q1 was also 5%.  
Balram S. Yadav: 
Sorry, but last year Q1, this year Q1 same at 5%. And now we have more labels. So, my sense 
is that if the season is good, the salience will also be beyond 18% according to us. And it is the 
need also because since Hitweed Maxx have not performed, in case we have to recover lost 
ground, it has to be from the products like Rashinban, Gracia, Ashitaka, Bounty, Combine, 
Double. All these products will have to be sold in higher quantities than we have budgeted for.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood. And sir, finally on dairy, just could you call out what has been the VAP share for 
the quarter? We were expecting our EBITDA margins to be in that 5%, 6% range and building 
on that incrementally. So, what has happened really? Because something seems to be amiss.  
 Balram S. Yadav: 
Yes, so I must also tell you that we are glad to say that our salience continues to be at 42%, 
which was at the last year level, considering there was a lot of unseasonal early rains, which 
definitely hurt the drinks business and flavor drinks business in this segment.  
 
The second thing is that we have started investing on brands. Our ad spends in the first quarter 
are Rs. 5 crores higher than the last year. And I think that those results will be seen in future 
because that is the strategy.  
 
Lastly, I must tell you that our EBITDA margins, including working media, are close to 6.5% to 
7%. And we will be able to maintain that easily. And probably, once our value-added product 
post-advertising, the salience goes up, we are aiming at another percentage or 1.5% improvement 
in EBITDA plus working media margins in time to come.  
 
So, the entire effort of this business is now to increase rapidly the value-added product business. 
And we are budgeted much higher salience in the coming year going up to 50% salience for 
value-added product in two years.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood. But sir, just to follow up, you are saying that even after the ad spend, you are likely 
to do 6% to 7% EBITDA for the full-year FY '26.  
S. Varadaraj: 
Yes.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, finally, on chicken, on live birds, what is the proportion now in the business?  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 Balram S. Yadav: 
So, let me just repeat. It is 6% to 7% including working media. EBITDA plus working media. 
Okay? 
Aejas Lakhani: 
So, basically 6% to 7% is including the media spends. So, if I exclude the media spends, then 
EBITDA is expected to be reported. Okay, fine. Okay, I understood.  
 Balram S. Yadav: 
5.5% to 6% you can take on the annual basis.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, just for chicken, could you call out what is live bird share? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So, live bird share, as a strategy, we have started bringing down live bird significantly. And that 
is why the top line growth of this business has affected. But we are glad to say that live bird 
share is 15% of the total sales. 85% today are value-added products. Yummiez and RGC.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Ladies and Gentleman to ask a question press * and 1 now. Participants who 
wishes to ask question may please * and 1 at this time. The next question is from the line of 
Aman Vohra from Premium Capital. Please go ahead.  
Aman Vohra: 
Hi ! I would like to thank you guys for the opportunity to ask a few questions. My first question 
is about Astec LifeSciences. It is good to see an improvement in volumes, but does our outlook 
for FY '26 remain the same? And how do we plan to use the proceeds from the recent rights 
issue?  
S. Varadaraj: 
So, this is Varadaraj. As far as the utilization of the recent rights issue is concerned, the same is 
being used to repay our debts which were there in the books. And that is what the primary 
purpose of the rights issue has been. As regards the other questions Arijit will walk you through.  
Burjis Godrej: 
Yes. So, we should report EBITDA break-even this financial year, which is a significant 
improvement over last financial year. And we are aiming for turnover of Rs. 500 crores.  
Aman Vohra: 
Alright. Thanks a lot. My next question is in regards to the Astec CDMO business. Which 
geography is currently showing the strongest traction in this CDMO business?  
Burjis Godrej: 
So, the CDMO business is quite diversified across various geographies. We are targeting the 
major European innovators as well as the North American innovators. And the end product goes 
into multiple geographies. So, all are important. We have strong existing relationships with 
Japanese and Korean companies. Now we are targeting more of the western innovators.  
Aman Vohra: 
That sounds great. In regards to the corporate structure review, can you please update us on 
anything incremental on the strategic review of the corporate structure of the business to enhance 
shareholder value, something we discussed in the past? 

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So, I think the step one was the major step where significant investments have been made. We 
own 100% of Godrej Foods, 100% of Creamline Dairy now. The idea was that we just wanted 
to make the ownership very clean so that whatever portfolio decisions we need to take in future, 
we don't have to take anybody into confidence or seek permission from anybody. 
 
So, I think this is the first significant step which was the material step because in total we have 
invested close to Rs. 1,250 crores in last six months and buying out partners in these two 
businesses. So, I am saying that keep glued on more to follow. 
Moderator: 
The line for the current participant is disconnected. The next question is from the line of 
Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go ahead.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi Sir ! First on the CDMO business, last year we did roughly around Rs. 204 crores revenue. 
What is the target for this year? And where do we see us going into FY '27 and '28 on the CDMO 
business? 
Burjis Godrej: 
So, we are aiming for a revenue of over Rs. 300 crores in CDMO business, CDMO and new 
products. And that should be about 65% of our total sales.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And sir, beyond '26, any guidance on this business?  
Nadir Godrej: 
Beyond '26.  
Burjis Godrej: 
I think it depends on the pipeline and we will keep you posted as it matures because the gestation 
period is where it is. So, we will look to grow more than 30% every year. Let's see where it goes 
as the base increases.  
Burjis Godrej: 
We do have 10 molecules in our pipeline. It should be commercialized after FY '27.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Secondly, in terms of the enterprise business, we were talking about doing some refitting to the 
plants and trying to diversify away from these legacy products. Where are we on that or that is 
still a status quo?  
 Arijit Mukherjee: 
So, now, all the new projects which will be commercialized is based on the old plant only. So, 
all the refitting, once we told that there are new projects on pipeline, whenever the 
commercialization starts, the refitting will be done.  
 Arijit Mukherjee: 
In fact, if you are looking at the website, you will get information about some of the old plants, 
the new plants which have come up in the last 2-3 years. That's been the CapEx which has been 
mentioned earlier. And it is those plants which will be used for the new CDMO products.  
 Arijit Mukherjee: 
And most of our plants are multipurpose plants. So, it can be used for a little bit of refitting. It 
can adjust to any products.  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. The next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from the Boring AMC. Please 
go ahead.  
Rikin Shah: 
Hi team!.Just wanted to understand, we are guiding for a break-even in Astec LifeSciences for 
FY '26, but we have a significant share coming from CDMO, 65%. So, at what kind of spreads 
are we seeing in the Triazole business? In terms of if not the amount, but like direction, are we 
seeing any improvement in the Triazole spreads throughout the year? And if we are not looking 
at that and if we see supply not moving, so are we going to probably take a call on the Triazole 
business?  
Burjis Godrej: 
No, we expect the Triazole business to continue. It is an important cash flow generator for the 
business. So, we are going to put our efforts into growing sales on that. We are already seeing 
improvements in gross margins for the business, improvements in raw material prices which are 
coming down. And we are putting a lot of effort on growing sales in these businesses in key 
geographies. And we also want to use Triazole as a platform for the CDMO business to do 
CDMO based on Triazoles and similar chemistry. So, that will continue to be important for us.  
Rikin Shah: 
Got it. But sir, in Triazole, if you are looking to do CDMO in Triazole, we don't have many new 
molecules apart from, you know, there is only one which is launched by Corteva in 2024. And 
the last one was Mefentrifluconazole in 2019. So, the scope for doing CDMO work using 
Triazole as a platform seems to be limited.  
Burjis Godrej: 
No, there is scope for that. We see other companies doing that on exclusive contracts for 
Triazoles. And Metconazole we consider in the new Enterprise products in CDMO category. So, 
we are happy to aim for exclusivity with anyone who wants that. Additionally, there are 
pharmaceutical intermediates that are in the Triazole class. So, that is something that we can 
look into as well.  
Rikin Shah: 
Alright Sir. That all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and Gentleman to ask a question, you may please press * and 1 
now.Participents who wish to ask question, please press * and 1 at this time.The next question 
is from the line of Pavan from Nayan M Vala Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pavan: 
Hi thank you for the opportunity. I am audible sir. 
Balram S Yadav: 
Yeah. 
Pavan: 
o, my question was on the oil business. So, what was the FFB arrival in FY '25 for full year and 
the extraction ratio?  
Balram S. Yadav: 
I will give it to you in a minute.  

 
Godrej Agrovet Limited  
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Pavan: 
And what we expect in extraction ratio for FY '26?  
Balram S. Yadav: 
FFB arrival in FY '25 was 536k tons. Oil extraction ratio was 19%. 
Pavan: 
And what is our expectation for FY '26 in oil extraction as we have given an 18% rise in -- 
Balram S. Yadav: 
We have already grown in Quarter 1 by 50%, but overall, we will grow between 15% to 18%, 
and OER will be better than last year. That is what our expectation is. 
Pavan: 
And in terms of realization, considering the drop, import duty dropped by the government, what 
do we expect to realize?  
Balram S. Yadav: 
As I already said that we have shifted to refining, where there is no drop in import duty. And I 
have already conveyed that we will take the calls, whether to sell CPO or to sell refined oil 
depending on how the refining margins are. We have that flexibility. 
Pavan: 
Okay. And in terms of crop protection standalone, what do we expect in top-line growth?  
Balram S. Yadav: 
Top-line growth we are expecting about, as of now, when things, particularly in Hitweed and 
Hitweed products don't look very encouraging. But we have several products which will be sold 
in next 6 - 7 months.  
 
What we are saying is that we are still assessing how this PYNA season or Hitweed Maxx season 
is going. I think the best assessment will be made sometime after 3-4 weeks, once we know what 
is the situation of current stocks in the market, etc. So, I would not hazard a guess right now.  
Pavan: 
Okay. Thank you Sir. Thats from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments.  
Nadir Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the Company, we would be happy to be of 
assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Godrej Agrovet Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
