 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
‘Listing Regulations’) - Earnings Call Transcript for the First Quarter ended 
June 30, 2025 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated August 7, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted 
the link to the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of 
Financial Results for the First Quarter ended June 30, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 
30(6) read with Part A of Schedule Ill of the Listing Regulations, we are enclosing herewith 
the Earnings Call Transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your information and records. 
 
This intimation is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.bluestarindia.com  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Blue Star Limited 
  
 
 
                              
 
Rajesh Parte 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
\\172.16.31.16\Legal and Secretarial Documents\(01) Blue Star Limited\2025-26\Stock Exchange Compliances\Reg 30 - Information & Updates\11. Earnings call 
Transcript\Q1FY26 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500067 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: BLUESTARCO 
RAJESH 
DIGAMBAR 
PARTE
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH DIGAMBAR 
PARTE 
Date: 2025.08.13 
14:42:25 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Blue Star Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B. THIAGARAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. NIKHIL SOHONI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Blue Star Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
We have with us today from the management Mr. B. Thiagarajan – Managing Director, Blue Star 
Limited; and Mr. Nikhil Sohoni – Group Chief Financial Officer, Blue Star Limited.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*", then "0" on your touch tone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. B. Thiagarajan. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen.  
You might have seen the results which we have published yesterday. So, I take it as what was a 
disappointing quarter that had ended. I do not know; I leave it to your judgment that it was better 
than what you expected or worse than what you expected.  
As you are aware, we had commenced the financial year with the hope that the summer season 
will be an impressive one with 25% of growth during the season, 25% to 30% market will grow, 
and Blue Star also will grow. This is for Room Air Conditioners. But unfortunately, due to 
unseasonal rains, as I would have or Nikhil would have explained to you, during the course of the 
summer season, several times in the media or in one-on-one meetings or telephonic calls, it was a 
disappointing summer. So, I had also expressed that it is not a disaster. It is a disappointing one. 
But the long-term prospects for room air-conditioners business at a CAGR of 19% over the next 
five-year period should happen and we firmly believe in that. And this particular disappointing 
summer season obviously calls for some corrective actions so that we maintain profitability, we 
improve our efficiency, and we do not lose momentum in terms of research and development or 
market expansion or talent acquisition and other initiatives which are strong pillars for Blue Star. 
Fortunately, Blue Star, as you are aware, is not only dependent on B2C businesses, it is also 
dependent on B2B businesses. And fortunately, that part of the business is doing well. In fact, 
order book for the B2B businesses is at all-time high and we continue to grow at double digits. 
With that, I will hand it over to Nikhil for his remarks. Later on, we will answer your question. 
Thank you.  
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Thank you, Mr. B. Thiagarajan. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. This is Nikhil Sohoni, and 
I will provide you an overview of the results of Blue Star Limited for quarter ended June '25. 
Following an exceptional year of growth, FY26 started on a softer note, driven primarily by 
unseasonal rains across the country, which resulted in a muted demand primarily for Room Air 
Conditioning segment. Despite this headwind faced by Room AC business, the company has 
delivered robust revenue growth across other key businesses. Backed by healthy order book and 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
prospects of demand reviving during festive season, we are optimistic about the growth for full 
year.  
Financial highlights for the Quarter-Ended June 30 on a consolidated basis are summarized 
as follows: 
• 
Revenue from operations for Q1 FY26 grew by 4.1% to Rs. 2,982 cr as compared to Rs. 2,865 
crores in Q1 FY25.  
• 
EBITDA excluding other income for Q1 FY26 recorded at Rs. 199.99 cr and EBITDA margin 
of 6.7% as compared to Rs. 237.8 cr, which was EBITDA margin of 8.3% of the revenue in 
Q1 of last year. 
• 
PBT before exceptional items dropped by 27.8% to Rs. 163.23 cr in Q1 FY26 as compared 
to Rs. 226.02 crores in Q1 FY25.  
• 
Tax expenses for Q1 FY26 was Rs. 42.41 cr as compared to Rs. 57.26 cr in Q1 FY25.  
• 
Net profit for Q1 FY26 de-grew to Rs. 120.82 crores as compared to Rs. 168.76 crores in Q1 
FY25. 
• 
Carried- forward order book as of June 30, 2025, grew by 12.5% to Rs. 6,843 cr as compared 
to Rs. 6,085 cr as of June 30, 2024. Carried- forward order book as of March 31, 2025, stood 
at Rs. 6,263 cr.  
• 
The capital employed as of June 30, 2025 stood at Rs. 2,821 cr as compared to Rs. 1,738 
crores as of June 30, 2024. We continue to invest in manufacturing capacity, research and 
development and digitalization.  
• 
The company reported a net cash position of Rs. 370.9 cr as of June 30, 2025 as compared to 
the net cash position of Rs. 1,042.9 cr as of June 30, 2024. 
II. BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS FOR Q1 FY26 
Segment-I: Electro-Mechanical Projects and Commercial Air Conditioning Systems:  
The Segment-I revenue grew by 35.9% to Rs. 1,412.5 cr in Q1 FY26 as compared to Rs. 1,038.9 
cr in Q1 FY25. Segment result was Rs. 111.6 cr, which was 7.9% of revenue in the current quarter, 
as compared to Rs. 103 cr, that is 9.9% of revenue in Q1 of last year.  
Order inflow for the quarter was Rs. 1,963 cr in Q1 FY26, as compared to Rs. 1,466 cr in Q1 
FY25. 
Coming to individual businesses within this segment: 
1. 
Electro-Mechanical Projects: 
We experienced strong order bookings in the projects business during the quarter, driven primarily 
by continued demand from factory, data center and healthcare market segments, indicating 
sustained interest and healthy pipeline for upcoming quarters. 
Inflow of inquiries and tenders in railway electrification and metro railway sectors remain subdued 
and we continue to maintain selective approach to infra projects.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Carried- forward order book for Electro-Mechanical Projects business was at Rs. 5,080 cr as on 
June 30, 2025 as compared to Rs. 4,557 cr as on 30th June 2024. 
2. 
Commercial Air Conditioning Systems: 
During the quarter, Blue Star's Commercial Air Conditioning business delivered robust growth in 
line with the overall market trends, reflecting sustained demand and strong execution. All key 
product categories like Ducted systems, VRF and Chillers registered healthy growth during the 
quarter.  
Key demand contributors included the Manufacturing and Education sectors driven by 
infrastructure expansion and increased investment in climate control solutions. However, demand 
from Government and Public sector remained muted due to low capital expenditure and 
commercial retail demand was also relatively modest.  
3. 
International Business: 
The international business is also part of this segment, where we continue to pursue our 
international foray and are steadily progressing in the U.S. markets. The engagement with 
European customers is also underway with discussions at various stages of finalization. 
Uncertainty due to geo-political factors, including the U.S. trade negotiations, may act as a short-
term impediment. We are also focused on strengthening our presence in Middle East and African 
markets.  
Segment-I margins at 7.9% for Q1 FY26 versus 9.9% in Q1 of last year. The quarterly margins 
are influenced by projects and product mix and hence may not be comparable with the previous 
periods.  
Segment-II: Unitary Products: 
Segment-II revenue de-grew by 13.3% to Rs. 1,499.4 cr in Q1 FY26 as compared to Rs. 1,729.5 
cr in Q1 FY25. Segment result was Rs. 87.5 cr, which was 5.8% of revenue in Q1 FY26 as 
compared to Rs. 158 cr in Q1 FY25 which was 9.1% of revenue. 
Individual Businesses within this segment: 
1. 
Cooling and Purification Products business: 
This quarter presented unexpected headwinds due to the early onset of monsoon across India, 
making this an unusually soft summer season. However, as in the past, we have done marginally 
better than industry and we estimate that our market share has slightly improved above 14%. While 
the near-term environment remains challenging, we remain confident in the underlying strength of 
the category and are strategically positioned and focused on navigating this phase effectively as 
we look ahead to a stronger demand revival during the upcoming festive season. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
We continue to invest in expanding our distribution footprints across the country. We remain 
confident in our outlook for the rest of the year and expect to close FY26 with reasonable growth.  
2. 
Commercial Refrigeration: 
Commercial Refrigeration business witnessed strong growth in Q1 FY26 as we are now on a firmer 
footing. The regulatory challenges we faced in Storage Water coolers category last year have been 
resolved. Growth in this quarter was primarily driven by strong demand from processed food and 
pharmaceutical segments, reflecting a positive turnaround in key end-user industries.  
In Q1 FY26, this segment reported a margin of 5.8% as compared to 9.1% of Q1 FY25. Margins 
for the current quarter were impacted by a sharp decline in Room Air Conditioning business. With 
the lower volumes, the operating leverage benefits witnessed in Q1 FY25 could not be replicated 
in this quarter, thus resulting in the drop in margins.  
Segment-III: Professional Electronics and Industrial Systems 
The segment revenue de-grew by 27.3% to Rs. 70.4 cr in Q1 FY26 as compared to Rs. 96.9 cr in 
Q1 FY25. Segment result was Rs. 7.7 cr, which was 10.8% of revenue in the current quarter, as 
compared to Rs. 9.6 crores, which was 9.9% of revenue in Q1 of last year.  
The segment faced a decline in revenue driven by continued challenges in Med Tech and Data 
Security businesses. The Med Tech business has been impacted by regulatory uncertainty with the 
government temporarily stopping the import of refurbished medical devices. However, Industrial 
Solutions business is experiencing steady growth supported by manufacturing and testing demand.  
Segment margins at 10.8% for Q1 FY26 versus 9.9% in Q1 of last year. The improvement was 
majorly due to favorable change in product and service mix.  
III. BUSINESS OUTLOOK 
While the first quarter of FY26 was impacted due to poor Room Air Conditioner sales owing to 
unseasonal rains during the summer season, it is expected that the demand will revive during the 
festive season. Further, our strong portfolio of B2B products and solutions comprising of Electro-
Mechanical Projects, Commercial Air Conditioning and Commercial Refrigeration should help us 
partly offset the shortfall during the rest of the financial year.  
Aligned with our long-term vision for growth and innovation, we remain committed to strategic 
investments in manufacturing, R&D, and digitalization, while ensuring sustainable value creation 
for our stakeholders. 
With that, ladies, and gentlemen, I am done with my opening remarks. I would like to pass it back 
to the moderator who will open the floor to questions. We will try to answer as many questions as 
we can. And to the extent that we are unable to, we will get back to you via email. With that, we 
are open for questions.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please proceed.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, in case of UCP business, if you can indicate the revenue growth rates in RAC, air cooler, and 
even commercial refrigeration separately, it will be great. Then secondly, what is the inventory as 
of either 30th June or even 31st July, if you can indicate on that. Thirdly, what are the initiatives 
that the company has done to clear the excess inventory, means either free installations or 
additional trade discounts or consumer discounts? Or what are the additional initiatives the 
company has done. Lastly, now the new norms will come into picture from 1st of January. So, 
whether the company will be able to exhaust all the trade inventory by that time? Or how should 
we read the situation panning out? That's it for my side. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Thank you. Unfortunately, I think you are new to the call. This has been clarified several times. 
Unitary Cooling Products is the segment classification, and anything further break up there will be 
selective disclosure. So, we will not be able to indicate product category wise information. 
 
All that I can say is that, that particular segment comprises Room Air Conditioners and 
Commercial Refrigeration products such as water coolers, deep freezer, or cold chain equipment. 
It does not include, like our competitors, some of the competitors have the service business of 
central or package air conditioning that is not in that particular segment. It is purely products. 
 
Now, unfortunately, this has been going on for some point of time. If we have to reclassify, we 
have to look at the industry, how they report, and then we have to. Then it involves re-grouping, 
etc. The fact of the matter is, in this particular quarter, what is impacted is Room Air Conditioners. 
Now, Room Air Conditioners' market size is around 6x of the commercial refrigeration market. 
Then you can make a guess what it is. In our case also, it will be the same. Whatever share there, 
same share here. So, therefore, the question is unfortunately not answerable. 
 
Second part, inventory is not an issue at all. This also I had clarified in many television interviews 
or one-on-one interactions. Nikhil or Swati also would have clarified that the moment the market 
was not picking up, all it takes is two weeks to correct the manufacturing. 
 
Now, those days, some three years ago, it used to be China imports. So, what you have committed, 
it will be in high seas and you will be saddled with the inventory till the end of the festival season. 
Now, normally in a system, 30 to 45 days of inventory will be there, always. Now, it is not just in, 
just out. In addition to that, we will excess the inventory, if that is the terminology, it is a one 
month of sale. That is all the excess inventory Blue Star has got. Inventory is not an issue at all. 
That one month inventory will be sold off. And there is the correction in not billing began in April 
first week itself. So, therefore, with the dealers, there is nothing need to be done to be giving 
additional discounts or whatever it is. Whatever is the market operating prices and the schemes 
existing, that is going on. The real issue is when the demand will pick up. So, to you and to the 
other participants, I would request that inventory is not an issue. It is just 30 days more inventory 
is there. That will move away.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
The real question is that whether the festival season will be good. It begins with, in Tamil Nadu it 
is called Aadi (festival in Tamil Nadu) like that. There is Independence Day sale. There are some 
early indications it will be good. But really, we have to see in a volatile trade situation across the 
globe and in India, what all will happen, we do not know. We wish and pray that the festival season 
is as good as last year.  
 
Your last question was connected with the, what was the last question? 
 
New norms. We are all well prepared. See, usually what happens is in anticipation of the energy 
label change, many people end up buying in Q3 itself because a new 5 star will be costlier than the 
existing 5 star. So, there are a lot of people who end up buying. So, it is a question of production 
planning, the new products, as well as the old products, how we will do in Q3. Anyway, from 1st 
January, you have to make the new label. This energy label change happens in consultation with 
industry. We all know what is the new norm, and we all know which date it is coming into effect. 
So, therefore, research and development, supply chain issues are already over. So, there is 
absolutely no concern about that.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Just last one question. You had indicated earlier that Blue Star is also looking for a JV partner for 
compressor manufacturing. While we have got one-year additional window, but any update on this 
JV?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
I have not stated. No, I have not stated as we are looking for a JV partner. I will, again, this question 
should not come up later in the call. Blue Star is not manufacturing compressors today. It is a 
question of scale. We know that within a couple of years, we will reach 2.5 million kind of quantity. 
Therefore, we should look at compressors. 
 
Now there is and the QCO extensions may happen, may not happen. There are manufacturers in 
India who are planning to expand. So, we will keep monitoring both. What are the import 
restrictions? What are the manufacturing capacity expansion that is happening here within India? 
We have kept all the options open. Procuring from Indian manufacturers, as and when they expand. 
Two, keeping our ears and eyes open. If we have to manufacture, we will go ahead and 
manufacture. Three, if few Indian manufacturers have come together to make compressors, we are 
open to that idea.  
 
Right now, our supply chain is secured for about 12 months’ time, in the sense that till end of next 
summer season we are covered. So, we will keep reviewing it. And compressor supply chain 
resilience is no longer bothering us because we have kept multiple options.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment Advisors. Please 
proceed.  
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
So, my first question is, the other peers have also reported their numbers. And for the UCP 
segment, the numbers are drastically down, 34% and 50% for two players, while we managed just 
about 13% to 14% of decline. I just want to understand what did we do right. And you have also 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
highlighted that we have gained some market share. So, would you be able to quote some figures 
as I think in Q4, we ended it around 14%? And what would be the current market share? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
This is your second question, or you have some other questions?  
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Sorry, this is my first question.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Well, second question also you complete. I will answer both together. What is your second 
question?  
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
So, second question is basically on the inventory with the dealers and distributors. So, post the 
BEE norms, would we be sharing some burden with these players or will we be helping them?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
That question I have already answered. It is only excess inventory of 30 days is there. The label 
change is a long time away. So, it is not an issue at all. So, inventory is not an issue. And I request 
all participants, please take note of, as far as Blue Star is concerned, it has got 30 more days of 
inventory.  
 
And all that one had to look for is that when the growth will take place and so that I maintain that 
still full year this industry has got an opportunity to end the year with 10% to 15% growth. That is 
what will happen whenever there is a summer season which is not good. So, one has to watch for, 
if at all there should be anxiety, how well the economy will progress, how well the festival season 
will progress. So, inventory is not an issue. 
 
Coming back to your first question that is connected with the market share of 14%, it would have 
moved up, in my view, to 14.2% or something like that. Why we should have done well? We have 
been gaining market share. That has been our history. Every year we have, even during the COVID 
period, we have gained market share. And we started with the momentum. Our goal was to end 
the year with 14.5% market share. So, this is happening with multiple initiatives. Number one is 
having products at every price point, and expanding our distribution footprint in Tier 3, 4, 5 cities, 
specifically in northern region and places where our market share was lower than all India average, 
improving it. It is all because of that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Natasha Jain from Phillip Capital. Please proceed. 
Natasha Jain: 
My first question is on the channel expansion that you have mentioned. Because we have got 
market share gains primarily because of that, I just want to understand if you could call out what 
is your footprint in South versus non-South. And what is the scope to expand here further? How 
much are we non-indexed in the rest of India? And therefore, what can be the growth opportunity 
just by channel expansion? That is my first question.  
 
My second question is, if you could throw some light in terms of how different geographies are 
doing? How is South doing? Is it any better than it was before? Because South disappointed the 
most and Blue Star is indexed to South versus probably north, how is it doing? You are lower 
indexed there. Therefore, on that account. And lastly, in terms of exports, while I understand U.S. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
the tariff uncertainties, but in non-U.S. markets, what is the scope there? And are these high-margin 
businesses? If yes, what kind of scale-up can we expect and by which year? That's it, sir. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
So, the first is, the market share gain is not just due to distribution footprint expansion alone. It is 
having products at all price points that India is a vast country. Different types of consumers are 
there. There are entry-level products that are consumed. Heavy-duty air-conditioners are consumed 
somewhere. Someone is asking for Wi-Fi-enabled, AI-enabled air-conditioners. Someone is 
asking for sophisticated controlled air. Someone is asking for purification and health-related 
features. So, you have to have a product portfolio at the right prices. That is the first part of it.  
 
Distribution footprint, it is not by sheer numbers it will be happening. You can go and say, my 
distribution has become now 20,000 channels or 25,000 channels. That is not the point. Blue Star 
understands in every town what is the market size. In that, each of the counters, what is the 
potential of that counter? In that, what is my current share? And therefore, what I have to do?  
 
Even in Chennai, I may be having more than 20% market share. But I should be looking at, in a 
particular counter, whether I am getting 20% or not. All India market share may be 14. There are 
markets in which we will have 7% or 8%. There are markets in which we will have 10%. So, each 
of these markets, we internally call it as a surgical strike, go ahead, and work there in order to take 
the market share higher.  
 
So, a sheer number of expanding the distribution footprint will not get the market share at all. For 
a simple reason, a dealer will agree to be your dealer and display a product because you are actually 
compensating for the space that you occupied, an in-shop demonstrator you will be deploying. 
And that alone is not going to help. It will help, but that alone will not help. So, that is the answer 
to that.  
 
Now, coming to the geographical thing, we have not thought about when Kerala failed, we thought 
in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh will be. That was not picking up. Then I thought it is going to be 
picking up in West and then North. All over, the same thing happened. So, according to us, the de-
growth is common across the country by coincidence.  
 
The last part of your question is connected with the international. First of all, our exports, the 
international footprint itself is low. And we are on a program to improve our international footprint 
on two conditions. One is, it will not bring down our ROCE. Two, it will not bring down our 
profitability.  
 
Our approach has been, we will not enter there in Blue Star brand name. We will be making for 
other players there, established players there. We have acquired around three customers across the 
United States and Europe. Now, the tariff uncertainty has been there. Today it has got aggravated. 
But the question is, all along there has been a doubt what will happen to the tariff. Both the sellers, 
like us and the buyers, they have been very careful in arriving at what needs to be done. 
 
Now, our dependence on exports, total, all exports put together is 2% of our revenue. If you take 
United States, it is 1% of our revenue. So, it is not going to be impacting our operations in either 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
manner and what can happen is, we had got our products approved and we are in the process of 
getting our products approved for other players. We are, you know, in the international market, we 
have to be doubly sure that product has to be performing well, complying with all their 
international standards. And it is new to us, every market. And therefore, we have been going slow, 
and we were about to ramp up. That may get delayed. That's about all. So, it is not going to impact 
the financials in any manner. 
 
Our decision is please wait and watch what happens because what happened today may change 
later. We do not know at all. So, we are focusing on working with our customers to keep 
developing the products and figure out what is the best way they would like to source. That is 
where we are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshen Thakkar from Fidelity. Please proceed.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
Congratulations on seeing through a relatively tough quarter. My question was around the Electro-
Mechanical Project business. You have seen four quarters of 30% plus growth in this business. I 
mean, obviously the base is stiff. But could you give us some color on what kind of growth you 
are expecting in this business in the coming quarters or maybe for the full year?  
 
Then on the Unitary Product business, I think the comment on TV this morning by Vir was that 
we are still gunning for double-digit growth. That would imply sort of close to mid-teen growth 
for the rest of the year. Is that something which is an aspiration, a target, or a guidance?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
I will come into the second part of it. The thing is that if you plot all the years where the summer 
has failed, summer sales have not been good, eventually the industry ends up growing at least 10%. 
And so that is going by the past record. It is not necessary; it will repeat now. But, you know, it is 
a question of pent-up demand. It is not that they don't want the AC. They wanted the AC. Summer 
was not harsh. They postponed it. Remember this. I mentioned this last investor call as well, that 
May, June, or July are very important months for the consumers in terms of schooling, vacation. 
They do have additional burden. So, if they can shift that expenditure, that is fine and they come 
back during the festival season.  
 
This particular year, there is energy label change. So, therefore, just before the energy label 
changes, huge purchases take place. So, therefore, there is an expectation going by the past data 
that growth can be 10%. That's why I mentioned to the earlier question also. Eventually we should 
look at how the festival season plays out and aims to close anywhere between 10% to 15% growth. 
That is what it is.  
 
Now, Electro-Mechanical Projects, that particular segment has got the EPC business of 
contracting. It serves many segments. It is infrastructure projects, data center projects, 
manufacturing units or factories, buildings, hotels, hospitals, so on and so forth. It also has the 
packaged air conditioning equipment, like VRF, chillers so on and so forth.  
 
In a particular quarter, it all depends on the closure of a job or somebody is ready to lift the 
equipment if it is packaged air conditioning. So, the B2B part of the business is doing good. And 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
at the same time, it is also cyclical. That is why I keep mentioning in our case, we are not entirely 
dependent on Room Air Conditioner. There is something else to it.  
 
Now, your question is that can we assume this kind of growth full financial year? That is not the 
guidance. The thing is that we would like to grow somewhere around 15%. That's about it. And 
we have always said that the margin should be 7 to 7.5%. For the benefit of other participants, I 
am clarifying that also here. So, Unitary Cooling Products, the growth should be 10% to 15%. That 
is the aspiration going by the past record of the industry. For margin, our aspiration is 8% to 8.5%. 
But in a summer impacted year, it may be tougher. It may be 7% to 8%. It all depends on how the 
festival season is and the last quarter is going to be.  
 
As far as Segment-I is concerned, 15% growth is possible and 7% to 7.5% margin we will be able 
to maintain. And the situation is highly volatile. It is not the U.S. tariff is not connected with the 
exports alone. There will be other implications arising. For example, the exchange rate, and other 
industries which are dependent on, therefore, the consumer sentiment.  
 
So, it is going to be an important period and it could be a volatile period as well. And we have to 
watch out and pray that the festival season goes on and Indian economy maintains its momentum.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Please proceed.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My first question, once again, on the first segment, with respect to what is the, if you can give the 
order book breakup of the key categories like commercial real estate, residential real estate, retail, 
data center, infra. And if you can give some commentary on each of these sub-categories, which 
is doing relatively well, which is doing average. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Ravi, I will answer this question. The thing is that I do not have the data and the second part is, 
basically, we have, first of all, understand this. Why that is important? How fast the project will 
get closed? How healthy is that order book? That is what you are trying to assess.  
 
First of all, I am assuring you that we are not interested in any unhealthy order. If it is a commercial 
real estate versus infrastructure projects or data center, what orders we book and carry according 
to us is a healthy order with good cash flows and decent margin. That is why we are not going 
ahead and building the order book or fighting for a market share. Okay? 
 
Now, broadly, the buildings, factories, and the infrastructure are equally divided. And in a 
particular quarter, the manufacturing may go up. In a particular quarter, the building, because the 
orders are not being finalized based on Blue Star’s strategy. Orders get finalized in the manner in 
which the consumers want. And therefore, you can assume always it is one-third, one-third, one-
third. And that is what we would like it to be as a part of our risk mitigation itself.  
 
Second question of yours?  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My follow-up on this is, I mean, are we adding new products into this Project segment category, 
like equipping ourselves for advanced projects in categories like data centers, et cetera? This is 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
leading to this kind of growth vis-à-vis other competitors who are not going that fast in the Project 
business.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
I won't underestimate any competition at all. All our competent players, everybody wants to grow. 
So, all should be doing the right things to build their own competitiveness.  
 
As far as Blue Star is concerned, you are talking about Segment-I, I suppose, because the 
equipment addition means it has to come from the commercial air conditioning systems or what 
used to be called as the packaged air conditioning. Yes, there are specific chillers meant for data 
center application. There are chillers meant for brine application. Product portfolio expansion is 
driving the growth and we continue to focus on that.  
 
Now, in even VRF, there are next generation VRF are getting developed. And if you are pointing 
towards specific data center, like liquid cooling, we are working on that as well. But the question 
is that as and when the market will be there for a particular product, our intention is to be ready 
with a particular product. And that is why compared with others, see, in case of multinational, their 
R&D happens internationally.  
 
The Indian companies need not to bear that R&D expenses. In case of Blue Star, you have seen 
that significant amount of investments are taking place there. Close to around 1.5% of our revenue 
is in R&D. That is what is making us grow. We will continue to do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please 
proceed.  
Achal Lohade: 
Sorry, if I am asking a repetitive question, sir. Sir, if you could help us with the volume decline 
for the industry for the quarter, just a broad sense, what kind of decline is it? Because the range 
we keep on hearing is a fairly large number, but just your sense on the same. And we, in terms of 
the margin, we have seen for the UCP segment, 330 basis point margin contraction. You know, at 
the gross level, have we been able to maintain or if there is a contraction even at the gross margin 
level? And if you could also help us in terms of A&P spend in that segment, how much has been 
the reduction or if it is same or increased?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Second part, Nikhil will answer. As far as the first part is concerned, our understanding is, from 
various reports. There are institutional sales as well. My guess is that the industry de-growth would 
have been around 30%. Again, it is not degrowth over last year. It is something that one should 
look at it at all. As analysts, you all will look at it because that is important for you. We look at it 
from the point of view of 3 years CAGR. See, summer of 2023 was a bad summer. Summer of '24 
was a 57% growth summer. And now there is a decline. So, the question is if you take a CAGR, it 
continues to grow.  
 
There is a second thing we look at within Blue Star is January to June, how it looks like rather than 
April to June. For the simple reason, April purchases got preponed to March itself. So, if you look 
at it like that, the degrowth will be in single digit.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Now, why that is important? While the market should do whatever it is doing, for us, it is connected 
with the strategic direction. It is connected with the investments that we have to make and the 
competitiveness that we have to build.  
 
In other words, we will not sit with a long face and worry about one quarter is washed out, what 
to do? I do understand from stock market point of view. So, here, we are very clear that whether 
the industry is growing. So, therefore, if you look at 3 years’ CAGR, still it has grown. If you look 
at January to June, the de-growth is single digit. That is all I worry about. But what I hear is there 
is a 30% de-growth in the industry. And so, in a period like this, frightening numbers, it is better 
to ignore. 
 
And the second part, Nikhil can answer. 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
So, as far as margins go, if you would have heard my commentary also, it was mentioned that 
when the volumes drop, definitely there is some amount of operating leverage benefits that you 
normally get will not be getting it in the current quarter. That said, last year's Quarter 1 was an 
exceptional quarter. So, definitely the economies of scale benefit were there. And hence, you are 
going to witness the contraction in the margins the moment the volumes have come down.  
 
In addition to that, the mix between various components within this segment will also have a role 
to play. So, it is not, of course, at a gross margin level will be a function of how the material costs 
have moved, which all of us are aware of. You know, the movements in copper, aluminum and 
what are the inventories available So, that is not going to impact it in a major way. Definitely most 
of this kind of comes from the play of volumes. So, that is as far as the overall margins go. 
 
Coming specifically to your question on what are the ad spends and all, that again kind of at the 
moment we see the volumes kind of de-growing. There is some amount of control which definitely 
comes on these spends. So, they will not be to the extent they were done last year. And accordingly, 
some contraction in those spends will also happen.  
 
So, there are certain unique expenses which also come every year, which are industrial-level 
expenses. We are aware of costs like e-waste, etc. also come. So, they will have a play on the 
margins. So, this margin drop which you are saying is a combination of all of this. So, it is not a 
gross margin impact. It is more an impact which comes because economies of scale and certain 
unique expenses which come every year. 
Achal Lohade: 
Just a clarification, sir, on the first answer. Sir, again, I am sticking to the first quarter at this point 
in time, April to June quarter. You said industry declined 30% Y-o-Y. And we have said our market 
share is marginally higher. Does that mean that our volume decline is also in the similar fashion 
or slightly lower than that or it is substantially lower than that? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
I mentioned the market share went up by 0.2%, which means our decline is lower than the industry.  
Achal Lohade: 
Yes, no, sir, the math is if...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Achal Lohade: 
I will fall back in the queue, ma’am.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. Please 
proceed. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Sir, first question is on the overall growth for the room AC for the Financial Year '26. So, the hope 
is on the festive season. Now, currently, I mean, in the August, say, in South, Kerala or Onam-
related demand, are you seeing any early signs of demand revival or for the time being, it is just a 
hope and you would focus on more of September, October for the growth revival? That is the first 
question.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
I mentioned it starts much earlier. It is something as Aadi (festival in Tamil Nadu) sales starts, and 
then there is the Independence Day sales is being done, and then the Onam will come. The early 
indications are it is good. But we do not know because the situation is changing every day. We 
have to wait and watch. So, therefore, that full year should be a double-digit growth is an 
expectation.  
Keyur Pandya: 
Just, I mean, the context was that, sir, because there will be some pre-buying before this December 
deadline, which is just a timing difference because someone buys in December and may not buy 
in Jan.  
 
And second point is that Q4 base was also higher because a lot of pre-stocking has happened in 
Q4 FY25. So, in that backdrop, we will have a high base of Quarter 4 this year. So, this 10% looks 
reasonably high. And that was the reason I asked this question.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Q3 of last year was not a stocking season. Q4 is a stocking season. So, therefore, when energy 
label change is there, it should be much higher than last year Q3. That is the first part of it.  
 
Now, there are two ways of looking at it. We can imagine a situation of everything is going to be 
bad. I do not know how that will help. The question is that the past record shows if there is a 
summer season which is disappointing, full year, again, it will not be a 25%, 30% growth. It will 
end up at least with a 10% growth. That is one part of the track record.  
 
The second part is, whenever there is an energy label change that particular quarter peaks, actually. 
And that is the history and the record that is available. Now, there is, on the other hand, huge 
volatility in the market. Lot of things are happening globally and in India. So, we can assume that, 
look, things will be fine or you can assume things will be a disaster.  
 
So, as far as Blue Star is concerned, we will be prepared for both of it. But our interest is not a 
quarter. Definitely not. That is why we are there for 82 years and beyond, right? We have to go 
through and a number of times we would have gone through this kind of period. Fortunately, we 
are a B2B and B2C company. And going by your argument, if everything is going to be bad, fine, 
you have to face it. But as of now, we won't plan for everything is going to be bad. As far as festival 
season is concerned, the question is, there are dealers who have inventory. There are dealers who 
are beginning to buy. Or there are the tertiary movement we are seeing much faster in many 
counters. So, that is an indication.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Keyur Pandya: 
Inventory or one month above normal inventory?  
Nikhil Sohoni: 
That's right.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Yes, in our case.  
Keyur Pandya: 
So, it is total one month inventory or one month above normal?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
One month above normal.  
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. And sir, last one question that is on your Commercial Refrigeration side. We are 
seeing deceleration in store counts for quick commerce business. Are we seeing any impact on, 
say, growth in terms of growth deceleration from that segment? Not degrowth, but growth 
deceleration.  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Quick commerce is about 10% of the business. So, there is pharmaceutical. There is food and 
beverages retailing, and there are quick service restaurants. There are farm and related logistics 
providers. There is ice cream. Like that there are so many segments there. Quick commerce is one. 
And there are many segments which continue to do well. In any case, the penetration of that 
segment, that sector, is very low. And I won't be worried about one particular segment decelerating. 
If you see, it is a bonus. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thanks for elaborate answers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Advani from Reliance General Insurance. Please 
proceed.  
Devesh Advani: 
Actually, you said that for the full year, you are expecting revenues to grow at 10 to 15 odd percent. 
So, how about specifically for unitary products in terms of revenues growth you are expecting for 
full year? And how about profitability growth for the whole year?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
I have not talked about full-year revenue at all. So, the discussion of about 10% to 15% is Room 
Air Conditioner business has the potential to grow, even though it is a disappointing summer. That 
is the expectation. That is all the 10% to 15% figure is that.  
Devesh Advani: 
And as far as earnings is concerned, bottom line is concerned, what is the expectation for the whole 
year?  
Nikhil Sohoni: 
See, we don't give again a breakup within the segment. For Segment-II, we have been guiding that 
you should go by around 8% margin. And this year, of course, there will be a Quarter 1 impact. 
So, you can look at it at around 7% to 8%.  
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, just a little clarification. When you say two months of or one month of above normal inventory, 
that is basically an average inventory throughout the year and hence that indicates in the monsoon 
period or Q2, it will take more than two months to receive it? 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
B. Thiagarajan: 
No, what I am saying is that ideally, I should have had some inventory. And today around, going 
by the monsoon sales only, so 30 days of more inventory is there. See, there is always inventory 
in the pipeline—whether in our factory, our warehouses, or in the field. If you put it all together, 
it will amount to around 45 days of stock, consistently. And because we also have a factory in 
Himachal Pradesh, which is a smaller market, it has to move to other places. And against that, we 
may have 75 days of inventory, so which is 30 days more. That 30-day figure is based on monsoon 
sale period. If it is a peak season, that 30-day will be a 10-day sale, right? 
Anupam Goswami: 
And when do you see this picking up and after BEE norms, if there is slight growth or market 
picks up, do we again see a quarter flow slow because of a pre-buy?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
Again, I am telling you, the thing is festival season is the one the pickup happens. The 30-day 
inventory is not a big thing at all. You have to look at that when the market will revive in terms of 
faster movements. And it will be from Onam season or Independence Day sales onwards; you will 
start getting the indications. Festival season peaks during Diwali and subsequently against New 
Year. It is a long way off. So, energy label plus the festival season. People who postpone buying 
in the summer season that is what should result in the growth. These are all expectations; I am 
telling you. Honestly, we will not be sitting and worrying what, you know, I should not be, at least 
Blue Star is not imagining the worst and then preparing for. It is not going to help in any manner. 
We have adequate risk mitigation mechanism. 
 
So, if a sale is not happening, you have to manage the inventory, you have to cut down the 
production, you have to defer the discretionary expenses. You will. And you will be very careful 
in expenses such as advertising and marketing ahead of the festival season. You will watch really 
what is required in that market and you will end up doing. So, those cost levers will be applied. 
 
But the preparation will be for simple reasons. In five years, this category should be more than 
double. That nobody is going to stop. So long-term investments will continue to take place. And 
any other thing is whether we were aware last week that these U.S. decisions would impact India 
in this manner. I am again saying it is not exports. The exchange rate may be impacted. Many other 
sectors in India will be impacted, which will impact Blue Star, because we are also dependent on 
B2B. But all these are part and parcel of the game. Our aim is simple, that I should build my 
competencies for the future. I should keep delivering good performance, better than the industry 
quarter after quarter. And that is all we can do, right?  
 
Otherwise, I don't have any way to guarantee to you, festival season will be good or there will be 
a double-digit growth. I can go by only past data. And a number of things that are happening are 
not due to the industry or due to Blue Star. It will keep happening, whether it is summer or tariff 
or a war or a number of other things. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, any pricing discount going on in the industry and in Blue Star?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
When we have only just one-month inventory, there is no reason for us to cut the prices. Normal 
schemes, whatever is the market operating prices, that will go on. Again, gross margin is not the 
issue. The growth has to happen. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please proceed.  
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sir, while we have seen a decline versus last year, but if I look at versus Q1 two years back, which 
is Q1 FY24, there is still a growth in the UCP vertical. In that context, margins falling quite sharply 
versus, let's say, the margins that we recorded in Q1 FY24, looks a bit surprising. The other way 
in which I am also kind of considering is that overall volumes or overall revenues this quarter was 
still higher than off-peak season of Q2 or Q3 last year. But margins have come off quite sharply 
from there. So, is there some element of some other expenses being involved or some gross margin 
erosion as well?  
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Yes, so see here, when you look at the margins two years back, one has to factor in that over the 
two years, there has been an increase in volume. So, there will be an increase in some amount of 
fixed cost also because the cost comprises of fixed, semi-variable and variable. So, it is not that 
only variable costs will be the part of the cost composition. And that is going to definitely impact 
when you are looking at what period two years back was there. The volume increase over the last 
two years and the fixed cost increase over the last two years, along with the inflation increase, is 
going to impact the margins to some extent.  
 
So, as I also said, there are certain new expenses or expenses which are impacting like e-waste and 
all. So, they will also impact the margins. So, all of these costs are unique for that period and you 
cannot be relating it to comparing it with what was the cost two years back.  
Aditya Bhartia: 
And versus second and third quarter of last year also, there is a decline in margins. I mean, second 
and third quarter are, of course, off-peak seasons and therefore volumes tend to be lower. So, 
should we be kind of comparing those? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The question is that, you know, in summer season of this year, you are anticipating a 25% to 30% 
growth. So, you invest in many things like advertising and huge number of in-shop promotions 
and in-shop demonstrators. That is what happens. So, you are preparing for a huge season, and you 
are employing additional people for installation and service.  
 
Now, then April, when it is disappointing, what you think is that the forecast was, May will be the 
heat wave. So, therefore, you carry on to look at May. And then you say that from May 15th, you 
hear it will pick up. So, therefore, a quick correction.  
 
Also, you will not be recruiting somebody in the field and you will ask them to go immediately. 
There are notice periods that are involved, etc. So, therefore, a cost that is committed when the 
season abruptly fails, like a summer rain, it always ends up in erosion of margin. 
 
In Q2, Q3, you will be cautious of those corrections. That is why I mentioned to you. You wouldn't 
end up advertising thinking that this festival season is going to be good. You will be watching and 
watching, and stage by stage you will be doing.  
 
So, therefore, if your question is related to whether there will be a margin dip compared with last 
year in Q2 and Q3, according to us, it should not be. In Q2, probably one month impact should be 
there for the simple reason July of last year was again a very peak month. So, July of this year, 

 
Blue Star Limited 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
still the de-growth continues. So, therefore, some part, that is one-third of Q2 may be a problem. 
Q3 should not be a problem. Ideally, the margins should be managed during those quarters. 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Yes, so that answers a large part of it. And in addition to that, when you look at, say, Quarter 2 
and Quarter 3, again, as you yourself said, are the lean quarters, where you know that there are 
certain expenses which are anyway controlled, since it is a lean quarter, whereas this quarter was 
not expected to be lean. So, you have a different level of in-shop demonstrator expenses who are 
there, all of those who are kind of deployed for that season.  
 
Now, those cannot be pulled off just whenever you want. So, that is a certain amount of period 
which is already committed to them. Those expenses will stay in that quarter. So, these are the 
unique one-quarter expenses which are there for that season which you will have to live with. 
Those are the kind of expenses which will result in impacting the margins more than which may 
not be incurred in Quarter 2 or Quarter 3. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Fair point. That is a very, very fair answer. Just one clarification, sir. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Aditya. May we request you to join the queue again?  
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sure, thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nikhil Sohoni for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. With this, we conclude this quarter's earning call. Do 
feel free to revert to us in case any of your questions were not fully answered. And we will be 
happy to provide you additional details by email or in person. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Blue Star Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer:                    This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
