~z~· 
· 
I"IVIIRI 
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD. 
\. +91 1204308100 
!if +91 1204311010/11 
o www.trivenigroup.com 
By E-filing 
D 
05th A 
2025 
REF TElL SE 
ate: 
ugust, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
P.J. Tower, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI 
- 40000 I 
MUMBAI - 400051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
Thru; NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 
STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 30th July, 2025 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 20 I 5, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 30th July, 2025 post 
announcement of unaudited financial results of the Company for the Q I FY26 ended on 
June 30, 2025. 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
www.trivenigroup.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
GEETA BHALLA 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M.No.A9475 
Enel: As above 
Corporate Office: 8'h Floor, Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, 
India. 
Registered Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, 
Noida-201 
305, Uttar Pradesh. GIN No.: L 15421 UP1932PLG02217 4 
GEETA 
BHALLA
Digitally signed 
by GEETA BHALLA 
Date: 2025.08.05 
14:44:24 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 30, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Q1 FY 26 earnings 
conference call. We have with us today Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Suresh Taneja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sinha, 
CEO of Sugar Business Group; Mr. Rajiv Rajpal, CEO, Power Transmission 
Business as well as other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite, which was shared with everyone earlier. I would 
also like to emphasise that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will commence the call 
with opening remarks from the management following an interactive question-
and-answer session. May I now hand it over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney. Over to 
you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 FY 
26 earnings conference call for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. The 
key consolidated financial numbers for the quarter were the revenue from 
operations stood at ₹1,598 crore with a PBT of ₹2.9 crore and a PAT of ₹2.1 
crore. The net turnover increased by 23%, which was supported by a 53% 
increase in alcohol dispatches and a 14% increase in the consolidated sugar 
dispatches as well as improved sugar realisations. 
 
In the Power Transmission business, we reported a 15% increase in order 
booking and a record closing order book of ₹423 crore which has improved by 
38% over the corresponding previous period. At an overall level, the closing 
order book of the engineering business stood a shade under ₹2,000 crore at 
₹1,975 crore, up by 32% compared to the previous corresponding quarter. 
 
The debt position of the company on a stand-alone basis stood at ₹1,385 crore 
v/s ₹1,150 crore on the 30th of June 2024. The stand-alone debt for the period 
under review comprises of term loans of ₹320 crore, of which ₹180 crore are 
with interest subvention. And on a consolidated basis, our gross debt is ₹1,688 
crore compared to ₹1,280 crore on the 30th of June 2024. The overall cost of 
funds has been very manageable and stands at 7.3% at the end of this 
previous quarter v/s 7.1% in the previous corresponding period. However, I'm 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
happy to share that from the future perspective over the next few quarters, we 
will because of our debt rating, we will be able to see a decline in our cost of 
funds, especially when we need it the most. And that is the expectation from 
our balance sheet position going forward over the next few quarters.  
 
I'd like to take some time to do a business-wise review. Turning to our Sugar 
business. The growth in sugar turnover was on the back of a 14% increase in 
volumes that included the subsidiary Sir Shadi Lal and a 4% improvement in 
realisations. The segment profit despite higher volume and realisation declined 
by 80% to ₹7.6 crore and this was due to higher cost of production of sugar 
sold in Q1 FY 26, which could not be offset by the increased sugar price 
realisation. 
 
The cost of sugar sold during the quarter pertains to the sugar season 2024-
2025 and was impacted by the gross sugar recovery. In a nutshell, the 
recoveries for the group were 69 basis points lower than the previous season, 
and that had a direct impact on the cost of production and is the most 
significant contributing factor for the increased cost of production. With respect 
to the comment that I made about sugar price realisations at the beginning of 
the last quarter, Q1, we did see higher sugar realisations that were in excess 
of ₹40. However, as the quarter went on, prices did decline as there's been a 
kind of a difference in terms of the demand of sugar across the nation this 
year, especially during the hotter summer months. And as a result, the prices 
fell even during the month of May and June, slightly below ₹40, ₹39.50, 
₹39.60. And so that, of course was unexpected during the quarter. 
 
When I talk about the future, I'll bring you up to date with what we experience 
right now, but there has been a change in that position, of course, with great 
support of the DFPD. The sugar inventory on the 30th of June 2025 stood at 
44.5 lakh quintals valued at ₹37.4 per kilo. And the current ex-mill domestic 
prices for refined sugar are ₹41.2 and sulfitation is about ₹0.50 to ₹0.60 lower 
per kilo. But that, of course is higher than even the start of prices in April 2026 
at the beginning of the last quarter or just a shade higher. And it is because of 
the lower quota that has been announced by the government, approximately 
10% lower when one compares YoY has been the reduction in the quota that's 
been announced by DFPD, having a direct bearing on price. And again, this is 
in reference to the comments that I made in the past as well. It is a regulated 
sector, but I repeat that there is a huge amount of control that can be 
exercised by the department, which has a positive impact on sugar prices. And 
the recognition that sugar prices have to be above the certain level, I think, is a 
very welcome policy initiative by DFPD. 
 
Looking at the industry scenario, the sugar balance sheet, with an opening 
stock on the 1st of October 2025 of just under 6 million tonnes, we produced 
33 million tonnes and domestic sales were around 28.5 million tonnes. We're 
expecting the closing stock of just about 7 million tonnes of sugar. And this is 
after considering about 4 million tonnes of sugar being diverted into Ethanol. 
And these are, of course, our Triveni estimates. Going forward, I think because 
of this slightly higher closing stock when compared to last year, despite the 
export that has happened over the course of this sugar season, we have seen 
that little softness that happened in May and June, primarily looking at the 
inventory balance, the balance sheet of the nation as well as the crop that lies 
ahead for the next year, which I will cover in a little more detail when I look at 
our projections for the year ahead. 
 
From an international basis, the global balance sheet is pointing to a deficit. As 
per the latest S&P Global and other balance sheets, we're looking at a deficit 
of about 4.6 million tonnes. However, for the 2025-2026 sugar season, the 
outlook looks largely balanced. Actually, it looks towards a slight surplus of 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
about 2.9 million tonnes of sugar. This is primarily due to better crops in three 
very important countries, Brazil, India and Thailand for the upcoming season. 
International sugar prices have been on a declining trend since January 2025, 
whereas they had turned bullish in January and February. And in our last 
conversation, I had talked about our sale of our export quota, which was done 
at very handsome prices and booked in Q4 of the last fiscal year. But since the 
prices have declined and consequently, I believe that the 1 million tonnes of 
exports that was anticipated and expected by DFPD will not happen in its 
entirety as some people in the trade may have taken positions that have 
turned against them. It is unfortunate because it would have helped lower the 
balance sheet of the country by a couple of hundred thousand tonnes of sugar 
and every reduction is important. But that is sugar that will remain unexported 
according to our estimates. 
 
Turning quickly to the alcohol business. We achieved our highest quarterly 
production of 6.5 crore litres, driven by the full quarterly impact of the new 
distillery at Rani Nangal. And therefore, if you do a simple multiplication, it is 
very much in line with the overall estimates that one has been giving of our 
capacities and our production capabilities going forward. The sales volume for 
the quarter stood at 6.2 crore litres, an increase of 53% over the previous year. 
The average realisation for Q1 is lower, and this is due to ethanol produced 
from FCI rice, which accounted for 27% of our total alcohol sales. I want to 
pause over here and provide an explanation for this. Now when we entered the 
tenders at that particular point in time, the price for maize was about ₹26, ₹26 
plus actually, closer to ₹26.5. And at that point in time, the relative contribution 
from fixed price FCI rice seemed more attractive from an operating perspective 
and to keep the distilleries operational. And therefore, we did go ahead with 
that. Now there has been a change in stance by MoPNG etc where they have 
not allowed the fungibility of feedstocks from one to the other. Maize, of 
course, being at a higher price and MoPNG trying to control the price of 
ethanol, the procurement price of ethanol. And unfortunately, that meant that 
people settled with quantities of rice, which needed to be processed at lower 
levels or the lowest levels of contribution as maize prices declined over Q1 of 
this fiscal year. 
 
However, going forward, we, of course, we were procuring a lot more maize 
and the price of maize has fallen even further. So, from the lofty levels of ₹26- 
₹26.5, our buying average for the last quarter was approximately ₹23-odd, 
slightly lower, and it will fall even further by over ₹1 per kilo when we look at 
the prices going forward. The profitability, as I mentioned was impacted by 
that. It was also impacted by an increase in the internal transfer price of C-
heavy molasses and some increase in fuel expenses. 
 
Ethanol constituted 92% of alcohol sales in Q1 FY 26 compared to 91% in the 
previous corresponding quarter. I think it's important for us to dwell on the 
outlook of the sugar business. The monsoons have been very encouraging 
across North India and in the state of Uttar Pradesh, and they bode very well 
for the agricultural sector. At the Board meeting, which concluded yesterday, 
the Board actually very closely considered the rainfalls that has happened thus 
far and the incidence of pest and disease, which are all with well below 
permissible limit thus far. 
 
It is very encouraging at this particular point in time. However, I will caveat it 
and say that the rains in August and September in the past two years are the 
ones that have particularly played spoilsport with the sugar season. We're 
keenly anticipating that Skymet and the forecasting data that we have points 
towards very regular and normal rainfall over the next couple of months, which 
is very positive. However, that is still a prediction, and it will be a very 
important parameter in terms of the health of the crop. 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
The health so far is actually quite excellent, both in terms of yield and in terms 
of the sugar content formation that has happened over the last few months. At 
this particular point in time, all eight sugar factories are actually looking pretty 
good with a slight increase in cane area as well for our sugar factories area 
under cane. We continue to make some judicious investments in our facilities 
to enhance our crush rate and with a particular emphasis on efficiencies. I 
think there has been a particular onus in terms of improving our steam 
economies at our sugar factories, which will result in higher bagasse savings, 
which will be sold at fairly lucrative prices in the market. The prices have been 
pretty good over the last couple of years. And so, our focus in this off-season 
on really single-handedly reducing steam economies should result in higher 
bagasse savings, which will be sold over the winter months during this fiscal 
year and on the next sugar year. 
 
We believe that a continuously increasing portfolio of refined sugar and 
pharmaceutical sugar, which is about 73% of our overall portfolio augurs well 
for realisations of the company. Yes, we do have a lot of important clients that 
buy plantation white sugar. And so there will be a cap in terms of how much 
refined sugar the company can produce, but it does very well. The quantum of 
institutional customers has increased over the last couple of quarters, and 
there is a concerted effort as well from a realisation perspective. And if you 
compare our realisations, I think we've actually done rather well in terms of our 
sugar sales and the absolute numbers in terms of value of sugar sales. And 
that is directly related to an increased amount of institutional customers that 
we have on a repeatable basis. 
 
With respect to the Alcohol business, the outlook, the focus really is on 
improving the sugarcane crush, which will help improve the molasses 
availability and address some supply chain, improve the molasses availability 
for the upcoming season. 
 
With respect to grain, I think there is concerted and substantial efforts in terms 
of addressing and improving supply chain issues. In terms of procurement and 
in terms of storage of grain, especially maize to ensure that we do a much 
better job. It has been a learning process. This would be the third year that 
we're processing maize. And I think we've got a great amount of confidence in 
terms of how we procure it, how we transport it, how we store it. And I think 
that will factor into the yields when we look ahead and as we get this maize 
crop processed. 
 
We're also hopeful that the government will address the feedstock and 
profitability challenges in the various feedstocks. And we hope that the 
government will remain committed to the EBP programme. And as I say that, I 
attended a conference last week where an important cabinet minister made a 
public statement in his speech saying that the government was looking at 
announcing 27% in a graduated manner for Ethanol blending. My own personal 
view on this is that we will graduate potentially based on new BIS standards, 
because the BIS standards are very important. And as the BIS standards, I 
understand will come out for 22%, 25% and 27%. That will be the graduation in 
terms of the total quantum. This augurs very, very well for the sector. 
 
I also believe that E85, which has been launched across 400 petrol pumps 
across the nation, will offer another substantial alternative for other ethanol 
production across the country. You're looking at 1,000 crore litres being 
absorbed this year and with the maximum of what I've talked about could be 
well ahead of double that quantity in the coming few years. Of course, not all of 
that will be produced, so one will see an investment in additional distillation 
capacity across the country. 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Turning to the outlook of our Power Transmission business. The economic 
growth is really very positive. And we're seeing sectoral-based investments and 
in manufacturing across India and across certain economies around the world. 
The company is venturing into new products and has received encouraging 
results for these products. And for example, it would be in terms of 
compression gearbox technologies, looking at new developments, new 
research projects and commissioning new products that will be in the 
marketplace and will hopefully add to the entire basket and addressable market 
segment for the company. The international market continues to be a key 
thrust area. Our quality leadership in the domestic market has paved the way 
for many overseas customers to qualify Triveni for steam turbine pump and 
compressor gearboxes. 
 
Our acceptability in the overseas market has risen because of continuous 
marketing efforts and an opening of a European sales office in Switzerland. 
And also, of course, as a result, the recent enlistment on ABLs, which are 
known as approved vendor lists of certain OEMs as well as third parties. 
 
In the Defence segment, we've recently completed the order for gearboxes for 
fast patrol vessels of the Indian coast guard, and we've secured more orders 
for gearboxes. I think that bodes very, very well because we'll be the only 
company in the country that actually makes, that have complete technology for 
marine gearboxes within India. In addition, we're also working and continue to 
work on more products such as stabilisations and expand our service offering 
in propulsion shafting technologies. 
 
Looking at the water business outlook, the business anticipates good business 
opportunities and funding is expected to flow from both state and central 
governments. Due to the gap of demand and supply of water and wastewater 
treatment plants, the water sector has recently actually started to receive a lot 
of positive outlook. And there have been a lot of significant opportunities that 
have cropped up in Q1 in terms of enquiries, etc., that will hopefully fructify into 
actual commercial bids. The new opportunities are exactly on the same lines 
that I talked to you in the past, which includes recycle, reuse, ZLD as well as 
EPC on HAM models. 
 
Sewage recycling is a new area of business. And wherever there are industries 
and off-takers for buying treated sewage, this model should emerge as a quite 
successful model in the future. And we're also targeting some foreign projects, 
and we continue to do that, and I've spoken about that in the past as well. At 
an overall level, the company has implemented a series of strategic initiatives 
over the last few months, much, much more so than the past. We've 
recognised the fall in recoveries that we've had in our sugar business. And as a 
consequence, that has impacted our quarterly performance. And really, our 
targeted focus on improving that. 
 
Now a lot of the performance as far as sugar is concerned you see sugarcane 
is a two year crop cycle. So, if you had red rot in one year and the plant came 
or whatever was converted into the ratoon and would give you a poorer result, 
both in terms of yield and recovery. Now a lot of that cycle, that two year cycle 
is over. And so, the anticipation for the next year is actually wholly different 
from the season that we've had, both in terms of productivity as well as in 
terms of anticipated recovery. 
 
Internally, we're looking at 3 years ago as a benchmark, the weather patterns 
as well 3 years ago, which is a very positive year. And we're hoping that the 
weather and pest disease doesn't play spoil sport over the next 3 months 
before the start of the sugar season, which we anticipate, frankly speaking, just 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
after Diwali. Diwali actually is a little bit earlier. It is on the 20th of October, very 
early this year. And so soon after that, we anticipate that sugar mills will start 
their operations. 
 
Regarding the proposed scheme, I think it's important to just close out my 
opening remarks with a few comments on that. The amalgamation with Sir 
Shadi Lal and the demerger of the Power Transmission business. We are still 
awaiting regulatory approvals. We're following up continuously with SEBI. 
We've received some in course and regular questions from the stock 
exchanges, which have been answered to our knowledge, they will meet the 
satisfaction, and we are hoping that we will get that permission very, very soon. 
 
In terms of what that means, in terms of progress, I think we could broadly 
speaking, be on time. If anything, it could add another 30-odd days. But 
broadly speaking, as I mentioned, we're still anticipating Q1 of the next fiscal 
year, and I think we're still very much in line with that. 
 
With that, I'd like to close my opening remarks and open up the question-and-
answer session. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Good evening and thank you for giving me the opportunity. I have a couple of 
questions. First on the power transmission side. The PTB order book has 
grown strongly, especially with the export traction. How much of the ₹423 crore 
order book you expect to convert into revenue in FY 26? And do you see 
margins improving in the export heavy mix going forward for the going quarter. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm sorry, the second part of your question was inaudible. You'll have to speak 
a little slower and louder, please. 
 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Sorry. I have a question regarding a power transmission business. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, I got the first one about what is executable in this year. What was the 
second part of your question? 
 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Second part of my question is, do you see any margins improvement in the 
export heavy mix going forward for reward? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. Okay. We crossed the ₹400 crore milestone. We stand at ₹423 crore. 
The long duration orders in this are ₹182 crore. The balance, the simple 
subtraction of that would be orders that are executable this year. It would also -
- the typical order to delivery is about six odd months. It could be a little bit less 
depending if it's an aftermarket order, etc. We still expect a substantial amount 
of book and bill to happen in this fiscal year to allow us to meet the budgeted 
numbers we have internally for this business. And as I mentioned that our 
growth rate stands unabated. We had an increase in finished goods at the end 
of this quarter as some of our customers expected us, including defence orders 
expected us to push out delivery into Q2 and towards the end of Q2 as well. 
We're anticipating that Q2, Q3 and Q4 will certainly make up for the limited 
growth that we had in Q1. But the business is looking very, very promising. 
 
In terms of your question regarding the margin profile of the business, I want to 
add two very important things. We have grown the business. The company has 
invested quite substantially in the business. It depends on where you're looking 
at what type of margins you're looking at. Depreciation obviously will be higher 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
because there has been a lot of capital investment into this business. In 
addition, we've also hired a lot of people, not just to train up for immediate 
growth, but for the future growth as well. So, there is a slightly higher HR cost. 
That does not, by any means, mean that we are looking at margin dilution. But 
in terms of growth of margins, it will take some time over the course of this year 
for that growth to come into fruition as we get more orders and deliver more 
orders into export markets where we're traditionally expecting slightly higher 
OEM margins. 
 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. Thank you for your confirmation regarding this. My second question is 
on the maize prices. You have mentioned a correction in maize price benefiting 
distillery margins. Apart from raw material cost, what other levers of cost 
optimisation are you working on business in FY 26? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah, excellent question. Very, very good question. Let's talk about supply 
chain and then I'll talk about operations separately. From a supply chain 
perspective, you have to purchase maize and then you have to store maize. 
Maize like any other crop comes with small amounts of fungus, etc., and other 
impurities. The first fundamental process is to improve the supply chain by dual 
testing, point of loading, point of acceptance as well. 
 
The second thing is the keeping quality and I think there's been a lot of work, 
and we've worked with other firms as well to improve that keeping quality to 
add ventilation, etc., to ensure that there is no buildup. And so that the starch 
content in maize does not change significantly at all over a period of time. So 
that is a very important step in terms of the keeping quality and the 
procurement strategies as far as maize is concerned. 
 
The third is with respect to operations. I think our cost of fuel is an important 
contributor to our cost of production at our distilleries, especially our stand-
alone distilleries. And therein, we are doing a lot of effort, and we'll continue to. 
Some of it will happen now. Some of it will require some small CapEx, not but 
some tinkering CapEx will be required to further improve our steam economies, 
which will allow us to then reduce our secondary fuel, which is the gas, which is 
very expensive because the gas during the season is ₹2,200-₹2,500 per tonne 
approximately during the season. But in the off-season, it increases by a good 
20%-25% from that point, maybe 30%. So you don't want that. You want to 
store the maximum amount. We're doing work in terms of raising the quantum 
of bagasse that the sugar factories will also have. So, all of that is sort of tied in 
and will result in better operating results when we enter into the next supplier. 
 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. Thank you for detailed explanation and giving answer for me. And last 
question is around like from my understanding, could you provide a time-line 
update on the composite fuel of arrangement for the SSEL and PTB? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah, I just addressed that. That was my last comment before I opened up 
Q&A. We stand unchanged and our perspective is that it will happen in Q1 of 
the next calendar year, Q4 of this fiscal year. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sudarshan Padmanabhan from ASK Private 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Sudarshan P.:  
My question is to understand a bit more on the cost structure in the first 
quarter. Now historically, when we look at the off-season expenses, how it has 
been apportioned, it is usually the second quarter that takes a brunt of the 
overall impact as far as profitability is concerned. I mean, just to understand, I 
mean, going by your commentary, whether the entire drop in the sugar 
business is primarily on account of lower gross spreads as we call it. Or is 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
there a departure or is there a little bit change in the way the off-season 
expenses that has basically been booked in this quarter? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah. Let me explain it. Number one, let me confirm that there is no change in 
the practice at all in this quarter. Whatever we have been doing in the past, the 
same is consistently being followed. Now in Q1, there is some part of the 
previous season, which extends into Q1. And after it finishes in the month of 
April or early May, thereafter the off-season starts. So as per the accounting 
policy of the company, all costs relating to off-season are expensed out in that 
quarter itself. So, it subsequently forms a part of the cost of production of the 
next season. So therefore, there is no change. But obviously, the share of the 
off-season cost in Q2 is more than Q1. 
 
Sudarshan P.: 
Sure. Basically, will continue into the second quarter and probably the only 
thing that would change in the profitability, if at all is if the sugar realisation 
continues to be over 41, then probably the spreads would be on a higher side. 
Would that be right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes. So therefore, if you look at the pattern, because of such accounting, the 
profitability of Q3 and Q4 is substantially higher. So, our average realisation for 
Q1 stood at 40.4 on a consolidated basis. Sugar prices already in the month of 
July were approximately that. August is pointing substantially better than what 
this average is and as we go into September, that will increase because you 
have an early Diwali. A lot of the buying for Diwali is going to actually happen 
in September. I anticipate that you will see, you haven't asked the question, 
but my view is that sugar prices are on a small gradual uptrend as they 
typically are at this time of the year. We may see it little earlier. Festival season 
is earlier. 
 
Sudarshan P.: 
 Sure. And the cost of the sugar would more or less be similar at 37.5 of 
inventory, right? That's what you had kind of pointed. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Absolutely. Of course, that sugar is produced. 
 
Sudarshan P.: 
Sure. Definitely, the spread should be higher. So that's good news. Coming to 
the ethanol side, I mean, it was heartening to see the volume increase in 
ethanol. But coming to the FCI grain is the entire cost of the impact of FCI rice 
has been taken in this quarter? Because I'm looking at it from the point of view 
that if the volume continues and this baggage is kind of behind us, then the 
profitability of ethanol will be substantially higher. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No. Excellent, very good question. And I think this is a strategic decision that 
we've taken that has not proved right. I want to recognise that we took that 
decision at a point in time looking at maize prices, but it has not panned out 
well for us. And it accounted for 27% of our volumes for the last quarter. For 
Q2 production, it will be less than half that. It is not over, but it will be less than 
half, less than half of what was supplied. 27% was supplied. I would say it will 
be, we're trying to minimise it as much as possible. Worst case scenario, it will 
be 13%-13.5%. Best case scenario, it will be even lower than that. 
 
Sudarshan P.: 
Sure. And one final question before I join back the queue is today, I mean, 
when I look at on a YoY basis, I mean, we had an easier base as far as 
Ethanol blending is concerned, where I think around the blending was around 
14%. But when I'm tracking the monthly blending, I think already the blending 
is close to 20% now what is it that the government has going forward from 
here in terms of rate of change, in terms of Ethanol blending programme? How 
is it going to translate into growth going forward from here on? 
 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Great question. And I'm going to just refer to important conference convention 
that I was a part of last week, where we had one of the most senior Cabinet 
Ministers who gave a very long speech. It was a Sugar Technologist 
Conference, but a very long speech about the future of Ethanol and his 
perspectives on that. He announced publicly that 27% blending has been 
approved. It is my understanding that BIS is expected to come out with 
standards for 22% blending, 25% blending, approximately 25%, 27% blending. 
It may be divided into four, not three but that is effectively going to be the 
graduation in increase in ethanol blending for the EBP programme. 
 
Now with that being announced, I think parliament is on right now. I imagine 
that, that would have to conclude, will have to conclude and then this decision 
will be announced by the cabinet or rather by MoPNG officially. But I expect 
that, that is pretty much set in stone. In addition, we also have the possibility of 
E85, they have the possibility of E85, the number of petrol pumps being 400 
and again, the Road Transport Minister has clearly said that he is looking for a 
factor increase in that. In fact, the Minister was quoted in this morning's papers 
about 27% blending being announced by the end of August. Yes, that is very 
much in line with the end of the monsoon session and or rather just post the 
monsoon session. I see a graduation and a huge volume buildup. 
 
Now you may ask what happens to the automobiles, etc, because all of these 
discussions have taken place. And it is my understanding that 25% blending is 
easily possible without any change in engine technology for two-wheelers and 
four-wheelers whatsoever. There is nothing that needs to change between 
now and 25%. I think there is still a lot of consideration between what happens 
between 25% and 27% and I think we will learn a lot from Brazil. But that is still 
about a year or two away to get to 27% because you need to have that kind of 
production in the country. But it's very, very positive that this is the step that is 
being taken towards E85 as well as towards E27. 
 
The other thing, of course, is that the Minister has also announced that most of 
the large automobile manufacturers are coming out with flex fuel cars that will 
be available for the Indian public. So again, it's creating that sort of harmonious 
ecosystem, not just for supply but also for demand for the EBP programme. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Good evening, everyone. The first question is on the margin front. We have 
seen margin pressure for some time now across segments. I understand for 
sugar, we are having issues of 0238 with compression of yields. But just from 
your perspective, when do you expect the margins what we enjoyed in 2022-
23 coming back to our businesses? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Let's talk about which business because we have our engineering business, 
we have our distillery business, and we have our sugar business. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Predominantly, margin compression has been witnessed in distillery and 
sugar. If you can highlight that, Engineering is one-off that this quarter, I 
assume. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Sure. Engineering has improved since then. So that we don't have to worry 
about. Yes, with respect to the distillery and with respect to the sugar 
business, let me start with the one that has been affected the most, which is 
the distillery business. I think that the worst is behind us. And I think as far as 
the distillery business is concerned, because of what I've talked about, I won't 
repeat everything that I've said. It will be on the concall transcript, which will be 
on our website also. I've just talked about what we're doing to improve our 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
margins, both in terms of COP as well, we can't do anything about sale price. 
It's all about COP, be it operating strategies, be it supply chain strategies to 
help improve our margin structures, etc, that is all in place, and that will come 
very soon in the next Ethanol supply year and even before that, as the rise that 
I've spoken about will reduce even in Q2, etc. And so, you will see a natural 
bump up. Now a return to the type of margins that existed in 2022-2023, that is 
about billion dollar question. But I think that if the government and this is the 
way that you have to look at it, if the government is announcing 27% Ethanol 
blending, the only way you get to ethanol blending of 27% as well as E85 
petrol pumps, is if more distilleries are established across the country, 
regardless of feedstock, be it sugarcane stream or be it grain stream. 
 
For that to happen, you have to have better margins so that entrepreneurs 
actually spend money in this sector. That will, of course, help not only those 
who have existing capacities, but also invite people to come in and set up 
capacity. Now the government announcing the 27% as the Honourable Road 
Transport Minister has done in the papers today, I think that bodes very well. I 
can't give you a timeline. I can't even definitively say that we will touch that. 
But I certainly see margin improvement happening because of better pricing 
policies because the nation needs more Ethanol production. 
 
Now with respect to the sugar business, I think that's the second part of your 
question, that is not a billion-dollar question. That is something that is a very 
real question that we have tackled right now. The replacement of 238 in low-
lying areas is, by and large, the vast majority of it is done. It still exists in higher 
areas across our factories. And yes, we will continuously reduce that, but that 
the tearing hurry and urgency is slightly less. You can manage it a little bit with 
better seed treatment, with better pesticides and fertiliser dosage, etc.. And so, 
you will see that fast improvement happening from this sugar season onwards. 
 
Now to get back to that margin, it's twofold. One is to look at your cost of 
production. Your cost of production will improve if your recovery improves. 
We're expecting the recovery to improve. Will we touch the same recoveries as 
2022-23? I think it will take some time. That was a golden period. The variety 
was in its absolute prime. The variety is no longer in its absolute prime, and we 
don't have a variety that can replace it and give the same kind of results. There 
is a lot of work being done. But as of today, there isn't a magic solution there. 
But yes, we can improve, we can make a lot of improvements in terms of more 
yields and therefore, better capacity utilisation, and you can try and approach 
the element of cost of production through other ways and not just recovery 
because there are other constituents of that as well. And that is what we at 
Triveni are doing in the coming season and beyond that in terms of lowering 
our cost of production.  
 
The next quantum is in terms of sugar pricing. Now with while FRP doesn't 
affect us in Uttar Pradesh, the FRP has gone up a lot. And the sugar price has 
not kept up. And I think there is a deep realisation in the government that if we 
have to have enough cane for the Ethanol blending programme and we have 
to have enough cane for consumption and the balance can be exported, then 
we need to have sugar prices that are commensurate or sugar prices 
increases that are commensurate. You've seen the government, of course, let 
me give you an example. The quota that was given by DFPD of 2.25 million 
tonnes for the month of August is a reduction of 200,000 tonnes over the 
previous corresponding month of the previous year. That's a very significant 
reduction in a high consumption month. And it is really to ensure that sugar 
prices follow the right trend so that we don't have a problem in the next year. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Fair enough. So that is helpful. Just one follow-up on that. What is the 0238 
exposure this year v/s last year? 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
It is presently under 40% v/s close to 55% the previous year. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
And our plan is to bring it below 25%, I guess, last time when we discussed, 
right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
That's right. While we plan to bring it down, we are at the same time, doing a 
very rigorous wellness programme to extend the life of the remaining 25% 
also. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. Thanks. My second question is on capital allocation. We have been 
investing in our water division, and we have kind of spoken in the past many 
times about the opportunities over there. I think our capital employed is 
somewhere more than ₹600 crore over there. How do we see this division in 
terms of return profile? When do we expect 12% - 15% ROE, ROCE numbers? 
Because currently, it is less than double-digit, right? By when we expect this 
return profile to come? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Number one, in the case of water business, we have not made any CapEx in 
that particular business because no CapEx is required. We basically carry out 
an asset-light business model according to which most of the manufacturing is 
outsourced. This is number one. And number two, there is a working capital 
requirement, which is definitely there in this business. And that basically 
depends from project to project depending upon what the billing milestones, 
etc are. But by and large, you quoted a figure of ₹2,600 crore or something.  
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Segment assets is ₹600 crore, more than ₹600 crore. 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Yeah. Basically, I think reasonable return actually depends like the way Tarun 
just said that we are looking at the projects overseas abroad, etc. The very 
purpose over there is, number one, so that over there, it enables you to 
complete the project in a timely manner so that you are able to collect your 
money, come back and you get a good return. Idea over there is to pick and 
choose good projects where the returns are good. So, this is the direction we 
are proceeding it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yeah, good evening and thanks for the opportunity. My first question is what is 
the cane crush for the sugar season 2024-2025 and the gross recovery for the 
year? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Crush sugar season, it is 819 lakh quintals and the gross recovery, which is 
the c-equivalent recovery is 10.8%. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And how does the gross recovery compared to the gross recovery two years 
ago? How much has it declined, the gross recovery in the last two years? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
The previous year, it was 11.49% and the year prior to that was also in the 
same range. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
11.5% was the peak, and now we are at 10.8%. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No. Prior to that, we have gone up to 11.97% on this basis. That was when we 
went out starting in a couple of our factories. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Gross recovery at 10.8%, you think there is no downside now and this can 
recover by say, 20-30 basis points this year as a realistic assumption? 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Well, I don't give forward-looking estimates, but you can sort of try and 
calculate what the impact of rain was that was unprecedented last year as well 
as the impact of disease. The impact of disease was higher than the impact of 
rain. I would certainly think that all going well, if there is no untoward change, 
then we will certainly see a significant improvement in terms of sugarcane 
recoveries and crush. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And crush. Basically, the area under cultivation also you guided that there's 
been some improvement for this season? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
The area under cultivation has increased somewhat YoY. We've already done 
the surveys. So, there has been an increase, low-single digit percentage, but 
that's still quite a lot. And that if you factor into better yields means that the 
cane availability, of course, could be better. And that is the hope, of course. 
And I keep giving this caveat whether and pest and disease permitting. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. Secondly, on the alcohol policy, I mean, how should we take this FCI 
rice policy? Because last quarter, when you had done the concall, you had said 
that you'll be using maize and suddenly, we find this quarter that we used 27% 
FCI rice. This kind of a flip flop is giving us a kind of wrong direction in terms of 
what the company is really doing on its procurement. And since we were 
expecting that the maize will be a substantial figure this quarter, there was a 
disappointment in terms of the kind of feedstock that you used. So, will this be 
a continuing thing? Or will this stabilise somewhere? I mean, can we see some 
kind of a constant grain use, which can actually give more steadiness to our 
earnings. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah. Okay. So no, you're very right. I think I don't quite recollect what I had 
said. But I think when I spoke to you in May, at the very end of May, maize 
prices had declined a lot. So that comment was relevant at that particular point 
in time that this procurement strategy was going hammer and pounds in terms 
of maize procurement because the maize procurement price dropped from 
₹26.5. At that point, it was around ₹23. Now at that particular point in time, we 
had already bid for FCI rice. The FCI rice bid was done when FCI was -- when 
rice was opened up for us or rather for ethanol blending much earlier. And at 
that particular point in time, prices prevailing for maize was substantially higher, 
which was the rationale for it. 
 
Now you're absolutely right. It did turn out to be a poor decision and since we 
don't give you the actual blend of which grain we are using at what particular 
point in time, this has come as a little bit of a shock to you. One fully 
appreciates that. I think in terms of clarity, for the foreseeable future, we're not 
certainly not going to be taking in any FCI rice given where the price of Ethanol 
derived from FCI rice and the price of FCI rice given and I find it actually quite 
surprising that the price is what it is because we have so much of it in the 
country. And I think the point is well taken. We'll provide you more clarity in 
terms of what grain stocks we will be consuming in which quarter so that you 
can work out the margin structure. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes. Thanks. And my next question is on the CapEx in Mysore. How much of 
the CapEx is already done and how much is pending and whether the defence 
bay will be commissioned this year? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah, excellent question. The vast majority of the CapEx has been committed, 
and it will all be executed on time as one is forecast within this fiscal year. The 
tune of that is about ₹150-odd crore for this year, which is the total amount 
pending. Now with reference to the defence bay, there are two aspects. 
There's the office block and there's the manufacturing facility. We are very 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
hopeful that within this calendar year, the manufacturing facility will be 
operable. And so, the machines will be in place and production will start within 
this year. So, it's on track with what I had mentioned in the last conference call. 
The office block will be complete a few months later because we've devoted all 
of our energies in terms of getting the productive asset to be operable, but 
people can commute from the other facility with respect to any office work, etc. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yeah. If I could sneak in a last question. Although you've been sounding 
optimistic on the ethanol blending going at 27% extra, there's also a negative 
sentiment coming in from India's ongoing trade negotiations with the U.S. to 
ease the restrictions on Ethanol imports. While that may be debatable, then 
you may have a different point of view. I was just wondering as a company, 
post demerger, do we have any thoughts on the sugar alcohol business 
beyond Ethanol where we can see some kind of growth areas other than 
ethanol, if you have thought about any? Thank you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
You asked two questions. I'll answer both. With respect to the ongoing trade 
policies, the industry associations have written to the government. We too have 
written to the government and said that we would like to see maize imports if 
possible. Now even if it is GMO maize, the DDGS from that, it is actually -- it 
was being considered that the GMO is going to be non-GMO. But frankly 
speaking, talking to the poultry associations, etc., they're very happy to buy that 
DDGS. So, if we can import DDGS maize at competitive rates, it will allow us 
then to have more utilization of our plants and perhaps even some more plants 
to be set up across the country. I don't see that as a negative, unless you have 
direct Ethanol imports. 
 
If you have direct ethanol imports, it's a competing product. That is a bit of a 
pickle. I don't see that happening so easily at all. And I think from what I'm 
hearing and understanding, it is the direct maize imports that could possibly 
happen. The government is trying to work out the modalities of GMO, which, as 
you know, in India is a very ticklish subject. 
 
Now with respect to Triveni, after the demerger, looking at other things, we 
have some time for that demerger to happen, yet the thought process is on and 
the Board is going to conduct workshops, etc., and evaluate a series of 
different options. I don't have anything concrete to share with you right now, 
just that the intent is certainly there to look at all available options that are in 
front of us today because, yes, we do have good cash flows from the business 
that are investable. And we have to do something to regain as well as the 
previous person mentioned the margin structures that we had in 2022-23. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a request to participants to 
please limit your questions to two per participants. The next question is from 
Abhisar Jain from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to know that the CapEx in the gear 
business that we have been doing to take the capacity to ₹700 crore turnover 
and which is supposed to complete by September 2026. How is the progress 
on that? And is it on time? Can you just give a little bit more colour on that? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Sure. I just answer that question. I had partially answered it earlier as well. But 
in response to the previous gentleman who asked a question in terms of 
diversification, I had forgotten to add our Alcobev business, which has actually 
grown. The country liquor business is profitable and is growing quite 
substantially, very good double-digit growth, and we'll continue to see that 
growth, profitable growth. As far as the IMFL business is concerned, that is in 
an incubation stage. It will take a couple of years before it starts throwing out 
some profitability. But it is a business that is really a sunrise business as far as 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
India is concerned, as far as the new generation of Indians is concerned. So, 
there have been moves in terms of diversification. They're small right now, but 
they certainly have large prospects for the future. 
 
Now I'm sorry, I answered somebody else's question when you asked the 
question. Let me return to PTB. As I had mentioned, our CapEx is very much 
underway, and it is being completed as per the track that one had mentioned 
and as you've mentioned. So, the production capability is pretty much in space. 
It doesn't mean that it gives us our full capacity utilisation will be a higher 
amount. It doesn't mean that we achieve it straight up, but it will certainly be in 
place on time. A lot of the machines are already in place and our productive 
assets as we speak. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Yeah. So just clarifying. So, you had earlier mentioned that defence bay will be 
commissioned within this year, but also the gear CapEx expansion to ₹700 
crore capacities on time till September 2026, right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. It doesn't mean that we're going to be 
producing ₹700 crore. It means the capacity is there. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Yes, of course. Yes, sure. And on this defence capacity, since it will be 
commissioned, can you now provide some guidance on how that ramp-up will 
be there in FY 2027 and 2028? What is the line of sight in revenues from that 
multi-modal capacity? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
It's really a start-up business. So, to provide line of sight of revenues, and it's a 
business that is famous for delays in terms of orders. In some respects, it's like 
our water business, okay, where you just don't know when the orders are going 
to be finalised, etc. When you have bid for orders, but the actual opening and 
award is something that is totally out of your hands. And that is the peculiarity 
of that business. With all due respect, I'm going to refrain at this point from 
providing any future guidance on that business. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello. Actually, my first question, you have just answered a bit in that whole pie 
of IMFL and IMIL that you just spoke about, one extension to that was left, 
which I'll ask right now. Any movement you're going to make into the UPML 
market because of the new excise policy in UP? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
We have already started and introduced UPML brands from June of this year. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. From June of this year, you have introduced them in both the segments? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
In one segment, in the other one, we are about to do. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. So, is it 28 you have introduced and 42 you'll be doing it in the future? Is 
that understanding correct? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Yes. So, we have already done 28, we'll be doing 42. I mean, it could be 
happening this month itself. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. Also, our current machinery that we have post the last expansion 
that we did within the IMIL segment, that machinery itself is capable of handling 
almost the whole packaging of a UPML product also, right? Is that 
understanding also correct? 
 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Yes, that is right. We have adequate machinery to handle both UPML and 
IMIL. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
The total capacity output at 100% would be 9 million cases? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Yes, 9 million. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes. Understood. Second question that I had was something interesting you 
spoke about earlier when a question was asked to you about how would you 
be increasing margins. You spoke about a cost component within which you 
specifically mentioned steam. Now steam for any grain distillation is a very 
heavy cost, the biggest cost after raw material cost. And of course, a lot of 
work is going on in this space. But would it be correct to understand, given the 
engineering excellence that your company holds, you will be able to make 
waves faster within this space? And is that some way where you're moving 
about? Like what is the current consumption per litre and which way do you 
see it moving? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm not going to give you the consumption per litre because then I'm going to 
have to give it every quarter. But I will say there are two things. Firstly, with 
respect, there are things that are low-hanging fruit. And then as I had 
mentioned in an earlier comment, we have just completed a consulting 
exercise to look at what can we do with small investments, small capital 
investments to further improve the steam economies in the distillation. Reduce 
our power cost effectively. So, let’s understand the low-hanging fruit you’re 
going to see immediately.  But in terms of the most significant and telling 
reductions that will then have a lasting impact on our profitability, you should 
also see that in the near future, but we will have to time it. Firstly, we have to 
consider everything, which we’ll be doing immediately over the next couple of 
weeks. Then, of course, the timing of this is dependent on when you take those 
little shutdowns at the distillery. Because as you can imagine, you cannot do 
any welding work at a distillery that operates 24 hours a day because of the 
alcohol, fumes, etc., the hazardous nature prevents you from doing that. So, 
then we will have to look at what are our schedules, when will this equipment, 
the tag along equipment, the vessels, etc., that need to be potentially added be 
in place and post which we will have the reduction in that. But yes, you can 
certainly see this as a short-term measure over the next few quarters that we 
will be be executing. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Maulik Choudhari from Monarch Networth 
Capital. Please go ahead. Maulik you may go ahead with your question. 
 
Maulik Choudhari: 
I just have one bookkeeping question regarding power transmission business. 
Out of this long duration order of ₹182 crore, how much is related to defence? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
The largest pie is related to defence. I don't have the exact number. Actually, 
Rajiv is on the call. Rajiv, of the ₹182 crore, what percentage would be 
defence, what percentage would be gears, if you could answer that, please? 
 
Rajiv Rajpal: 
Roughly about 80% would be defence. 
 
Maulik Choudhari: 
Okay. And what is the order execution timeline for this long duration orders? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, the gears orders will be executed in the next fiscal year, which has long 
term. The defence orders will be executed over the next 24 months. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference back to the management team for closing comments. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us for our Q1 FY 26 results. 
I look forward to speaking to you in three odd months' time with hopefully much 
better news to share, both in terms of weather and in terms of performance of 
the various businesses, etc. This has been a relatively hard quarter. I think 
we've recognised that. We've really worked very hard, firstly, to recognise it 
and then to find improvements around all of this so that we can come back to 
the type of profitability that we had showcased in previous quarters. The 
company is fully committed to excellence in all of our businesses, etc. And I 
hope that you will be able to see that kind of result very, very shortly. Thank 
you again for joining us on this call and speak to you in three months. 
Goodbye. 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for 
clarity, consistency with published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription 
errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to 
understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
 
 
 
