 
 
CIN: L14102TG1991PLC013299 
Registered and Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Phone: +91 40 6631 0111, Email: contact@pokarna.com, Web: www.pokarna.com 
 
04th August, 2025 
To 
 
To 
The Deputy General Manager 
 
The Listing Manager 
BSE Limited 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
 
Exchange Plaza 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers 
 
Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
 
Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 532486                                
Symbol: POKARNA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investor Meetings/ Earnings Call under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).   
 
Reference the captioned subject, this is further to our letter dated July 25, 2025 and 
August 01, 2025, with respect to the Q1FY26 Earnings Con-Call with respect to the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
First Quarter ended on June 30, 2025. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
https://www.pokarna.com/ 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Pokarna Limited 
 
 
 
Pratima Khandu Gulankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS:66794 
Pratima 
Khandu 
Gulankar
Digitally signed by 
Pratima Khandu 
Gulankar 
Date: 2025.08.04 
16:03:44 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Pokarna Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir.  
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good day, everyone, and welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us today, Mr. Gautam Chand Jain – Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Rahul Jain – the Managing Director; and Mr. Vishwanatha Reddy – the Chief 
Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. 
I now invite Mr. Gautam Chand Jain to open proceedings of the call and share 
perspectives of business and outlook. Over to you, sir. 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Thank you, Gavin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Pokarna's Q1 FY26 
Earnings Call. 
I will briefly talk about the key operational highlights, post which we can commence 
the question-and-answer session. 
The business environment remains challenging. The uncertainty among customers, 
primarily driven by uncertainty around the U.S. tariff announcement, continues to 
constrain demand, thereby disrupting the entire value chain. 
Notably, customers, particularly within the United States, are deferring large-scale 
home improvement projects, including kitchens and bath remodeling, in favor of 
more lower-cost options available there.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
We anticipate this period of uncertainty will extend until a definitive tariff resolution is 
reached. Until the situation becomes more certain, we remain agile to respond to 
evolving circumstances. We are constantly talking to our customers to make our 
supply chain more efficient. 
From an industrial perspective, the imposition of tariffs, particularly on building 
materials and engineered stone, is anticipated to result in elevated input and 
distribution expenditures. Notwithstanding the recent developments, we see this as 
a strategic opportunity to broaden our market presence, deepen our engagement 
with economically aligned countries and further streamline our sourcing and logistics 
framework.  
As we noted in the previous discussions, demand from non-US markets such as 
Czech Republic, Canada, France, Mexico, Russia and other countries continues to 
be encouraging. The contributions from these regions have been gradually 
increasing, and we are taking active steps to further diversify our geographic mix.  
On the domestic front, we remain focused on expanding our footprint. A key initiative 
in this direction is the Experience Center in Hyderabad coming up shortly. We expect 
to be opening this Experience Center in another 6 months’ time, but this will also 
serve as a platform to strengthen our brand visibility, customer engagement in the 
Indian market, as well as visibility to foreign customers visiting India.  
In parallel, with efforts to diversify our geographic footprint, we remain focused on 
strengthening our product mix. As highlighted in our previous call, we expect the 
KREOS line to begin contributing from this fiscal year as we roll out a range of 
design-led premium offerings.  
We also anticipate initial contributions from Chromia line during this year, with a more 
material impact expected over subsequent periods. Together, these advanced 
technologies are set to elevate our portfolio and reinforce our position as a product 
innovator in the global quartz surface industry.  
To conclude, we remain firmly focused on delivering shareholder value through 
strong demand capture, disciplined execution, and proactive risk management. 
Despite the external uncertainties, we believe our resilient business model and agile 
strategy will allow us to navigate the horizon confidently. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Vishal Dudhwala from Trinetra Asset Managers.  
Vishal Dudhwala: 
How are we the structuring your freight rate contracts and resin procurement strategy 
to shield margins due to the volatility?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Freight rate contracts, we don't pay the freight. Normally, the freight is paid by the 
customer. 
Vishal Dudhwala: 
And what about your resin procurement?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Procurement continues to be the same, but we try to evaluate if there is a possibility 
of different minerals that we can use and if there is a sourcing possibility at a better 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
price. So, this is again sourcing of different products. It is not on a contract basis, but 
it is from time to time the prices are fixed.  
Vishal Dudhwala: 
That's it from my end. For follow-up, I will wait in a queue. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Viraj Mehta from Enigma Investments.   
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, in a very environment which is kind of confusing even 
for your buyers and end users at this point, what kind of negotiations at least, let's 
say, if the tariff remains here, how much do you think you will have to take hit in terms 
of your realization for a like-to-like product? And how will it affect your margins, let's 
say, over next two to three quarters?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, today, unfortunately, the whole world is facing the same situation. And not only 
quartz and every product. And like me, everybody is waiting for a final settlement 
between the country to U.S., what final tariffs will come because, as you must be 
following, the tariffs are changing by the day. It is not yet stable that what is going to 
be the final tariffs. Negotiations are still on between India and U.S. for final tariffs. 
This is because they could not reach a final conclusion by this date.  
 
Now, we hope that the trade team, which is coming to India end of this month, by 
that time we will get a better clarity. But as today, you would have seen the final 
announcement has come and India stands at 25% tariff in U.S. market.  
 
Obviously, looking at the situation, it looks like that customers will take some time to 
absorb this tariff. The product will become expensive. But going forward, we may 
have to revisit our pricing structure with few customers. Based on the products, 
maybe we will have to bring in new products where the price will be absorbed and 
new prices will be fixed.  
 
Overall, I assume that we will definitely have some adjustment in the pricing with our 
customers. But today it is too early to suggest what could it be. But we will have to 
talk to individual customers depending on the product, depending on the customers. 
But right now the situation is everybody is waiting to release orders and they are 
more or less in the same mode even today. 
Viraj Mehta: 
And sir, what was the utilization of the facilities this quarter?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, normally, as you know, we don't share utilization of units. And the very reason 
we don't share is because it always depends on the number of products that we 
make, the sizes we change. And that is why there cannot be a fixed number. And as 
a policy, we have never been sharing the percentage of utilization even earlier. So, 
I don't think we will be able to give you that answer right now.  
Viraj Mehta: 
No, my only question was, in light of whatever the new capacity we have done with 
whatever the prices are today, can you just give us a number, what is the peak 
revenue that we can do in the quartz division?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, there are two things that you are asking. Number one, the new capacity is just 
planned yet, not executed fully because we haven't even got the machines yet. We 
have placed the orders and the work, the construction has started. But this 
production from the new expansion will come in the financial year ending '26-'27, the 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
beginning '27. So, it is too early to anticipate what will be our capacity utilization post-
expansion.  
Viraj Mehta: 
No, no, I understand.  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
But we actually don’t give any forecast for the future numbers.  
Viraj Mehta: 
No, no. I am not asking for such future numbers. All I am saying is when you did 
CapEx, you would have certain revenue in mind that that CapEx would bring in. That 
is the only thing I am asking.  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Yes, that when we are fully functional and full optimum utilization, we will add an 
additional turnover of about Rs. 500 crore.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Shikhar Mundra from Vivog Commercial Limited.    
Shikhar Mundra: 
For Quarter 1, what was our average tariff rate for the whole quarter? And how much 
of it was passed on to the customer? And how much of a pricing hit or margin hit we 
had to take?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Right now, the tariff rate during Quarter 1, which is not yet paid by the customer, 
would be 10% for the containers reaching now, during this 90 days period. Post that, 
now it will become 25%. But just for information, we don't share any tariffs yet.  
 
We were in discussion with customers that based on future, whatever tariffs come 
up, whatever we will be able to observe a bit, the product will be priced a bit, and 
then the distributors, we will all look at what will be the optimal number that we can 
share to support them for that period. But right now, as it stands, we have not shared 
any tariffs with our customers.  
Shikhar Mundra: 
And post shipping the goods, I mean, how many days post shipping the goods, the 
customer has to pay the tariffs or receiving the goods? 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, it was very clear that when the tariffs were announced, U.S. had given that 90 
days window. If the container reaches within that period, there were no tariffs. Post 
that, they had given that another 90-day-water window where the 10% tariff came 
into effect. And right now, till the containers reach, it was 10%.  
 
Now, I don't know that I have not read today's order what has come, but they will 
again give some window where the old tariff will be applicable till the containers 
reach.  
 
In normal practice, it is once the container is shipped, they give 90 days for the 
container to reach as the old window. But we have to wait for the orders to read in 
detail what the order says. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
So, let's say, today if we are shipping some goods, then the applicable tariff is at 
25% or 10%?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
25% now.  

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Shikhar Mundra: 
It is 25%, okay.  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Yes. What clarity I think I have got from the newspaper reports is that whatever is 
shipped up to 7th August, it will be 10%. And anything shipped post-7th August will 
qualify for 25% tariff. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
So, I mean, speaking to your customers, are we estimating a drastic fall in volumes 
post-7th August because of this incremental 15%?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
By the time customers absorb these tariffs, they will also compare with other 
countries what are the tariffs and parallel products available? So, I think we are 
coming into this situation for the first time, and we will have to wait how customers 
react and whatever negotiations, we will have to continue with the customers 
because we have been doing business with the same old customers. So, probably 
we will have to accommodate some requests from them and make sure that the 
business continues. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Hrishikesh Bhagat from Kotak Mahindra Asset 
Management Co. Ltd.  
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
Just a first clarification in terms of new expansion. Fair to assume that the revenue 
will start flowing from Q2, '27 like next year or probably second half of next year '27?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Yes. We are right. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
And second, let's say, I understand there was a fair bit of tariff uncertainty this 
quarter. And obviously it continues. And still the margins in the product have been 
fairly in times of guided range of 35% or somewhere around that range. The question 
is that once the probably improved product mix or Chromia designs that we are 
talking about, fair to assume that these margins we will be able to maintain with the 
new designs that we are speaking about, assuming that utilization and everything 
remains where we are today?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, that is the focus that we will continue with the margins because we have 
focused on giving the market a better quality of product with more innovations. And 
when we do that, we really anticipate that the margins we will hold, but it will depend 
on the order that we get post-tariff.  
 
The reaction of customers right now is that they themselves, because of non-clarity, 
have withheld releasing the orders, though they have selected the products, but they 
have not released orders. Because now, today, that the clarity has come, we assume 
that we will start getting customers' orders. But the pricing will be under strain for 
sure, unless it is a new product where there is no comparison for the price.  
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
Just a last question from my side. What will be non-US revenue as well as India run 
rate, if it is possible to share?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
I can only share, tell you that the non-US revenues are going up gradually. On the 
contrary, every month, rather every quarter, I could say. But then the major volume 
remains from the U.S. market. But we are going to now focus, take this opportunity 
as an excuse to improve the network in other parts of the world to ensure that our 
dependence gets reduced.  

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from VK Karthikeyan from Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead.  
KV Karthikeyan: 
Sir, good morning. I logged into the call slightly late, so excuse me if I am repeating 
the question. I just wanted to understand, given the uncertainty surrounding tariffs, 
sir, is there a way you can stagger your new project? Any thoughts on this? 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
I think last meeting also, somebody had suggested this, but that is not possible 
because we have already placed the orders. The machines, see, it is a time frame 
of about a year to make the machines. So, when we placed the order, the LCs were 
already opened and now more or less the delivery time is very close by.  
 
So, I don't think we can defer. And I don't think we have to defer our plans because 
of just a tariff issue in one market. Our ultimate goal is to keep raising our revenues, 
increasing our profits, and find other opportunities to penetrate in other markets. We 
cannot withhold our business prospects just because in one country there is tariff 
issue.  
 
And then tariff issue is not so severe that we have to worry about it because this tariff 
is on everybody, every product. So, there is some percentage variance, and I hope 
that Indian government and U.S. together will make efforts to make it more viable 
eventually, because the consumer in the U.S. will have to pay higher price.  
 
So, going forward, I don't think we need to defer our expansion plans or growth plans 
just because of the tariff issues.  
VK Karthikeyan: 
Good to hear that. Just one additional clarification. Have you finalized upon the 
product mix you target in your new facility? Would it be more thin slabs? Would it be 
larger slabs? Super jumbo slabs? Can you share some color on that? 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, this is a business strategy that we need to take a call from time to time, again, 
customer to customer. One particular strategy is always we are a customer-friendly 
company. We want to ensure that we retain the customers, we add new customers, 
and we satisfy our customers.  
 
So, to that extent, yes, there are some markets which require thinner slabs. Maybe 
we will have a little lesser margin in that kind of a product, but when we need to do 
it, we will do it.  
 
So, in the new machines, we have the capability to make thinner slabs. We have the 
capability, which I can proudly tell you that no other quartz company in the world has, 
because we have KREOS and we have Chromia. 
 
So, a product which can be made by us, fortunately not many companies are able to 
do this. So, we will try to explore our equipment that we have to the best of our ability 
to retain and continue to give new products to our customers. 
VK Karthikeyan: 
Just to clarify, sir, the reason I brought up this question was in the presentation, you 
have explicitly stated that overcapacity is a problem in the lower end of the product 
range. Therefore, I was wondering if your strategy is accordingly modified. That is 
why I was asking you this question, sir.  

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Unfortunately, I don't think I should share our business strategy on investors' calls 
because as I told you, overall, we are a customer-friendly company. We are 
innovators in the product. And our focus will remain there. Even if at the cost of 
reducing our entire capacity utilization in the bargain, we will do it. But we will have 
to make it up with better margins. But we will have to focus on what we can do to 
retain our customers, and satisfy our customers and give them a product which 
others are unable to give.  
VK Karthikeyan: 
Unable to give.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead Investment Advisors.    
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sir, thank you for this opportunity. For benefit of all, maybe if you allow, I will ask 
three questions. Firstly, sir, how is the hospitality pipeline looking like? Considering 
huge gap in renovation of most of the hotel projects in the United States, will it 
increase materially this year, either in absolute terms or as a percentage of revenue, 
this year or next year, as per your expectations?  
 
Secondly, Chromia and KREOS, when will you see the impact of these products 
coming out in a meaningful way? And would you expect that to happen during some 
part of this year? 
 
Thirdly, if you could explain, you know, what is the impact of exit of Paras? Who has 
taken over his responsibilities and his background? And any plans to hire someone 
to do so? And does it impact your business in any meaningful way?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
So, first question about the hospitality pipeline. See, we still are continuing to get 
enquiries for hospitality industry because normally it is a long time frame from the 
time they start planning to execution because hospitality is one part which is a 
continuous process, and we really don't see much demand going down in hospitality.  
 
So, again, because this tariff issue has made uncertainty for every customer, 
whether a home buyer or a hospitality or any commercial project, we don't know how 
things will happen, reaction will happen from the customers post this 25% tariff on 
us. But I don't foresee that there will be a big degrowth on the hospitality industry. 
We will continue to have a lot of enquiries are already there, and I think we will 
continue to get a lot of traction from hospitality going forward.  
 
Chromia and KREOS, we have already started production of KREOS. We have 
already started delivering the product from KREOS to the market. The new collection 
of KREOS and Chromia, we are launching in the forthcoming show in Italy in 
September. And I am sure that that will open a big market for these new products 
from the show where we will be exhibiting these new products.  
 
Coming to Paras's resignation. Paras was part of the company. Of course, you must 
know that he was a company secretary. He moved to look after the quartz business. 
But we have enough team to continue the business.  
 
I myself have started this business, and I continued to be actively participating in the 
day-to-day working of the organization. In addition to me, my son, Mr. Rahul, is the 
Managing Director who is full-time involved to take forward whatever work Paras was 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
taking care of. So, in addition to Paras, we already have a good team in place with a 
lot of experience.  
 
So, you don't have to worry about one individual goes from the organization that the 
organization will not work. I can assure you that we will work better and continue to 
be innovators in the market and continue to give good results.  
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sir, have you lost any other people after Paras resigned? And secondly, sir, in terms 
of sales relationships, with whom do those sales relationships reside with? That 
would give a lot of clarity to all of us on the call. 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
So, I want to give you one clarity first. All the customers that we have on board were 
all started by me and continue to be serviced by me. So, it is not that Paras has gone, 
and I don't think we need to emphasize this conference call of investors for one 
individual leaving the organization. Am I clear?  
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sure, sir. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
So, firstly, I mean, if I look at this quarterly results, it is a pretty decent quarter, I think. 
We have stable margins, and the revenue is down just 10%, which is quite good. So, 
I just wanted to understand if you can provide a sense of how the demand sort of 
shaped up over the quarter, like in terms of from the customer end like April obviously 
would be much lower because there was a lot of uncertainty.  
 
But post that, how did customers started reacting in terms of, say, releasing orders? 
Obviously, they are still holding back. But since from April to now, I think last three, 
four months, how do you see? Is there an improving trend or if you can give a sense 
on that? 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
No, honestly, the new order which has come into effect from today was issued last 
night. And all the customers were waiting for this final order that is going to come. 
But there are still customers who are not concerned about the tariffs because the 
business continues as usual. What will happen will be that the product pricing will go 
up, and maybe they will also revisit their own palette. What products can be sold with 
additional tariff which is going to be loaded on the product.  
 
So, today is too early because the order was last night, and this 25% story is now 
going to reach everybody, and today now in U.S. it is night. I don't really know how 
the reaction will be, but overall, I can tell you that lot of our regular customers with 
whom we have been doing business, they continue to work for the future collections, 
new additions that they want to do. And our development for them is continuing.  
 
And let us see that what will be the total reaction. I think it is too early for me to 
comment today. But we will make efforts to make sure that we will have to revisit the 
pricing. We will do. We will revisit the color palette and product offerings. We will do 
it. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Sir, just one clarification. What is the normal timeline between your customer giving 
you an order and you actually delivering that product on an FOB basis?  

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, the product actually starts with development of the product because as long as 
the old products which they are selling, which continues where the development has 
already taken place and they have already offered it in the market. But when you talk 
of the new products for the next year collection, normally, the period is 6 months. 
They give some idea of what they want. We present some new ideas of what we can 
make. And then the customer selects the product, then presents it to their own sales 
team. And by the time they place the order to us, it can take up to 6 months' time.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
Actually, what I am trying to understand is, say, for Q1, FY '26, you would have 
received orders even before the tariff situation came in April, right? And that is what 
you have executed. So, just trying to get a sense that now post April, what kind of 
slowdown you have seen in terms of new orders which would, say, sort of impact the 
results in the next few quarters?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
What you guessed is right. The deliveries that we made in Quarter 1 of this year was 
the orders we received about four months, three months before that. So, this, now, 
today's situation is from April onwards, we see a slowdown in the orders because 
there was no certainty about what tariffs will come to because the negotiations 
between India and U.S. trade has been happening for last more than four, five 
months.  
 
But everybody was expecting that they will conclude the negotiations. Since the 
negotiations were not concluded, the tariff of this 25%, what was announced, has 
become effective today. We hope that, as we read, is that the Trade Commission is 
expected to visit India in the end of this month to finalize the final tariffs. And again, 
this uncertainty will remain till the final tariffs are not finalized. 
 
So, I see that there will be a pain we will have during this particular quarter. But then, 
if tariffs are finalized, the business should happen as usual. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Amey Chheda from Banyan Capital Advisors.  . 
Amey Chheda: 
So, as our understanding is that the end consumer, what he is paying is almost 8 to 
10x of our selling price, right? So, if he sell at $6 to $8, he is paying $60. So, is the 
understanding correct that if we are paying additional $2 tariff, then the end price 
only increases from maybe $60 to $62. So, in that case, probably the demand won't 
be impacted as much. Is that understanding correct? 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
You are seeing only rosy picture of our customers, but you are not looking at what 
goes in between. You know, since these margins are actually not so simple that you 
are calculating.  
 
See, there is a distributor in between us and a consumer. Then there is a fabricator 
in between a distributor and a consumer. So, the role played by the fabricator is a 
major role. And the margins that he gets, your counting is not right because this 
includes the handling, transportation, storage, cutting, fabrication, and the losses that 
they incur on wastages when they execute a project.  
 
So, of course, the consumer has to pay that kind of a price, but that price is not just 
processes on a product directly. There are a lot of services involved in between. So, 
this tariff which comes on the product will be a part of the margin, of course, will be 
product, of course, will become more expensive. And maybe they will bring down 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
their margin a little till their price is not absorbed. We can't say, but consumers will 
still, at the end, will have to pay more price for the product.  
Amey Chheda: 
On a blended basis, right, for you as a company, what would that incremental price 
be in terms of percentage? I am not asking for specifics. 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
First, I want you to understand clearly, that we sell on a FOB basis and we sell at our 
price, the product. The tariff is paid by the consumer as well as the dealer when he 
imports in American market, and that is the time they pay the tariff whatever taxes 
are. So, we don't pay the taxes here. Our prices for the product suppose it is $10, 
customer will have to pay tariff on that $10 whatever the present tariff will be. 
Amey Chheda: 
No, that I understand. I am asking about the end consumer, right? Because of this 
tariff, so you must have done some back of the envelope calculations to understand 
that what would be the price increment for the end consumer because of this tariff. 
Gautam Chand Jain: 
This must be the same percentage if you look at the face value. But then going 
forward, we don't know whether the distributor and the fabricator will absorb some 
price differentiator or they will load it to the customer. We cannot tell that. 
Amey Chheda: 
My second question was, what would be the margins of the non-US countries that 
we sell to?  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
See, we sell a product at the same price we sell to U.S. and same price we sell to 
other countries. So, the margins will remain same.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management team for closing comments.  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Are you taking any more questions? Or that was the last question?  
Moderator: 
No, we will take that as the last question.  
Gautam Chand Jain: 
Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for this Q1 Financial Investors Meet 
on this '25-'26 Financial Year. Look forward to seeing you again. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Pokarna Limited, that concludes the conference.  
