                                                                                
                                                                                                                                      
 
                                                                                                             Proven Ability In Life Sciences  
 
 
                          SeQuent Scientific Limited 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Srivalli’s Corporate, Plot No. 290, SYN 33 34P TO 39, Guttala Begumpet, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033, Telangana 
Office: 301, 3rd Floor, Dosti Pinnacle, Plot No. E7, Road No. 22, Wagle Industrial Estate, Thane (W), Mumbai - 400604, Maharashtra  
Tel No.: +91 9391139986 / 22-4111 4777 I CIN: L99999TS1985PLC196357 
Website: http://www.sequent.in I Email Id: investorrelations@sequent.in 
 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (East), 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Scrip code: 512529 
Scrip code: SEQUENT 
 
Subject:   Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Re-submission 
Earnings Call Transcript for the quarter and Year ended March 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby re-submit the 
Earnings Call Transcript pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025. Please note that the contents of the transcript remains 
unchanged, only the website link has been updated. 
 
The transcript is available on the Company’s website at the: SequentScientific-Earnings-
Aug11-2025.pdf 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sequent Scientific Limited 
 
 
Yoshita Vora 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: A/a 
Vora Yoshita 
Susmit
Digitally signed by 
Vora Yoshita Susmit 
Date: 2025.08.13 
17:52:16 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“SeQuent Scientific Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJARAM NARAYANAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– SEQUENT 
SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
DR. HARI BABU BODEPUDI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VIYASH LIFE 
SCIENCES 
MR. RAMAKANT SINGANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – VIYASH LIFE SCIENCES 
MR. SAURAV BHALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SeQuent Scientific Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you, Manav. A very good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us today for 
SeQuent Scientific's earnings conference call for the first quarter of financial year 2026. Today, 
we have with us Mr. Rajaram, MD and CEO of SeQuent Scientific; Dr. Hari Babu, Whole-Time 
Director and CEO of Viyash Life Sciences; Mr. Saurav Bhala, CFO, SeQuent Scientific; and 
Mr. Ramakant Singani, CFO, Viyash Life Sciences, to share the highlights of the business and 
financials for the quarter. 
 
I hope you've gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which 
have been uploaded on our website as well as the Stock Exchange website. The transcript for 
this call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. 
 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relation to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Rajaram to make his opening remarks. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Thank you, Abhishek, and good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all the 
participants today. Joining me on the call is Dr. Hari Babu, Whole-Time Director and CEO of 
Viyash Life Sciences. And I also have with me Saurav Bhala, CFO for SeQuent; and Mr. 
Ramakan, CFO of Viyash. 
 
We released the results of the first quarter last Friday and the details are available on our website. 
I hope you've had an opportunity to go through the presentation. The consistent improvement in 
results over the last few quarters signals that there is more behind the numbers. It signals a 
transformation in the way we have operated and deliver value. We have moved beyond 
consolidation and course correction into a phase of accelerated growth as we shape a future-
ready company. 
 
Coming to the performance for this quarter, I am pleased to announce that we have continued 
our strong performance in the first quarter of FY '26 with revenues at INR4,414 million, 
reflecting double-digit year-on-year growth of 13.1%. This performance has come in with strong 
margins. There was nearly a 25% growth in pre-ESOP EBITDA, which touched a new high of 
INR602 million and at a margin of 13.6%, which is in line with the recent performance of mid-
teens EBITDA. 
 
This improvement in financial performance, along with the forthcoming merger, provides us 
ample headroom to support investments in existing segments as well as support new 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
opportunities for growth. We are also seeing a substantial improvement in our profit after tax, 
underscoring strong control on all line items. 
 
While Saurav will delve deeper into the financials, let me briefly cover the business aspects. Our 
formulation business, which accounts for 75% of our business, continues to deliver broad-based 
growth. It sustained a sales growth of 13% versus last year and 11% on a sequential basis quarter-
on-quarter. 
 
This was driven by a strong performance across all key geographies. In Europe, the business 
year-on-year grew at 4% despite having a very high base. Sequentially, it was a 20% growth. 
This upswing in performance was led by a higher companion animal sales and increased exports 
ex-Europe. We successfully concluded the GMP approval of our Spanish manufacturing facility, 
which now prepares us for introducing new products in the next few quarters. 
 
In emerging markets, the 25% year-on-year growth was supported by higher exports along with 
some judicious price increases, changes in the product mix for delivering better margin sales. 
We've also expanded our Mexico business. We now have established front-end presence in 
Mexico, which is a large market for animal health. Our Turkey business continues to grow, 
helped by a stable macro environment situation and acceleration of exports from Turkey. 
 
Our India formulations business has progressed well in a quarter that is relatively subdued due 
to seasonality. The business delivered a sales growth of 8% over quarter 1 FY '25 on the back 
of field expansion, which was done last year. India remains a key priority for driving our growth 
ahead. And in order to strengthen our presence, in this quarter, we concluded the second phase 
of field expansion to support our brand building efforts. This will result in stepped-up revenues 
in India as the full impact of the expansion sets in. 
 
On the API front, we are seeing results of all the initiatives taken in the last 6 quarters. The 
business gained momentum, touching the INR100 crores mark for the quarter and delivered 
growth of 14% year-on-year and 21% for the sequential quarter. This has been achieved with 
competitive margins and an improved product mix. The sales of our top 10 customers came in 
at over 60% and we continue to have most of our sales realization in hard currency. 
 
We have received a new EU CEP approval during the quarter, in line with our plans to 
continuously add new markets and new products. The demand for our high-quality WHO-grade 
albendazole has been very strong. Finally, the proposed merger with Viyash Life Sciences is 
proceeding on track and we will answer any queries during the Q&A session. 
 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire team of SeQuent and Alivira and all the 
stakeholders involved for bringing to reality a strong start to this financial year.  
 
I will now hand over to Saurav to share the financial details of SeQuent and then invite Dr. Hari 
to share the highlights of the Viyash performance. Over to you, Saurav. 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thank you, Raja. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today on the call. It is my 
pleasure to present SeQuent Scientific Limited's financial results highlights for the first quarter 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
of financial year '25-'26, a quarter marked by strong execution, strategic progress and sustained 
momentum. 
 
Q1 financial year '25-'26 key highlights as follows: Total revenue is INR4,414 million, 
delivering a healthy growth of 13% year-on-year and 10% quarter-on-quarter basis. Formulation 
revenue is INR3,379 million, growing 13% year-on-year and 11% quarter-on-quarter. API 
revenue is INR1,054 million, growing 14% year-on-year and 21% quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Our gross margin improved by 180 basis points year-on-year, rising from 45.1% to 46.9%. The 
adjusted EBITDA is INR602 million for the quarter, marking a robust growth of 24.7% year-
on-year basis and a 5.7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. On a year-on-year basis, the Q1 adjusted 
EBITDA margin expanded by 126 basis points from 12.4% to 13.6%. The profit after tax for the 
first quarter is INR176 million, delivering a strong growth of 93.7% year-on-year basis and 
69.7% quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Coming to merger update. On the strategic merger with the Viyash Group, I'm pleased to share 
we have cleared key regulatory milestones. The Competition Commission of India and Stock 
Exchanges have provided their approvals and the required NCLT filings are complete. The 
NCLT has called for a shareholders' and creditors' meeting, which is scheduled on August 30, 
2025, keeping us well on track to complete the merger process as per the estimated time lines of 
12 to 15 months from the merger announcement date done in September 2024. 
 
In conclusion, our strong operational execution and strategic momentum in Q1 financial year 
'25-'26 affirms our commitment to profitable growth and value creation for all the stakeholders. 
With the good progress of our merger process with Viyash Group, going ahead, we are well 
positioned to [inaudible 0:09:33] synergies and deliver long-term sustainable performance. We 
remain vigilant to the market dynamics and continue to prioritize innovation, focus on cost 
efficiency and drive profitable growth. 
 
Thank you for your attention. I will now hand over to Dr. Hari for sharing insights into the 
Viyash Group's performance. Thank you. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Thank you, Saurav and Raja. And first of all, congratulations for your great performance. And 
good morning, everyone. So let me take you through Viyash and also combined performance 
now. Viyash recorded strong performance in Q1 with revenue growth and margin expansion 
year-on-year. 
 
For Q1 FY '26, revenue grew by 4% to INR353 crores and adjusted EBITDA grew by 19% year-
on-year to INR68 crores. Viyash had EBITDA margins of 19.5%, which is an improvement of 
almost 2.4% year-on-year. The current margins are in line with our medium-term aspiration of 
20-plus margins. In line with previous quarters, Viyash generated strong free cash flow in this 
quarter also. So now our current net EBITDA ratio is less than 0.3 with adequate headroom for 
growth. 
 
So now coming to the key operational updates. So we had five regulatory inspections last quarter. 
In fact, one day, we had two US FDA audits in two sites and one Europe audit in the same month 
and other few other regulatory inspections, all went through very well. I think this shows the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
strong quality culture of Viyash. The two sites, both US FDA audits, we received EIS now. Both 
are actually [VI 0:11:36]. So that means actually the outcome was very good. In addition to that, 
regulatory audits, we had a large number of customer audits, which are very important for 
regulatory markets. We faced almost 30-plus audits in the quarter. 
 
And coming to the R&D, which is most important for our growth. As you guys know, Viyash 
built based on R&D capability. So we validated three products last quarter. And we filed almost 
12 products for various countries, which includes Europe, US, Korea, Saudi, most of the 
countries. And also, we have filed five finished dose products in US. And coming to the 
regulatory approvals, we received five approvals for API. From that one US product and three 
for CEP Certificate of Portability and one more for Europe. And also, we received finished one 
dose product approval in last quarter. 
 
Coming to the launches, we launched two FDFs in US last quarter and also two APIs in various 
markets. And R&D pipeline, as you see, continuously, we have a strong pipeline. And currently, 
we have around 20-plus products on the pipeline and we are actually expected 10 to 15 products 
development as well as filing this year as anticipated. 
 
Coming to the combined performance. Combined both companies have grown very strongly last 
quarter. For Q1 FY '26, combined revenue of two entities grew by 8.7% year-on-year, and most 
important, EBITDA grew by 21% year-on-year. The combined business had an adjusted 
EBITDA of INR129 crores with 16.2% margins with an improvement of 1.7%. The combined 
net debt to EBITDA is around 0.6x lower than actually 1x last previous year corresponding 
quarter. 
 
As updated last quarter, we have started to plan for integration of the 2 companies and realizing 
synergies. Of course, as Saurav explained, we received the CCI approval, SEBI approval. Now 
it's process is going through the NCLT and we anticipated approval as expected. 
 
Coming to the synergies, whatever we explained in previous call also. So the 4 areas what we 
focus, first -- main was R&D always. As we explained last quarter, R&D already integrated, 
both teams are working together. And also, we started portfolio discussion combined. 
 
So in R&D, there are two, three important things. One is, of course, product portfolio is very 
key for the growth. Second one is the cost improvement. So third one is manufacturing, of 
course. So R&D already, we started collaborating, working together. We initiated portfolio, and 
it's a lot of improvements we can see next few quarters. 
 
Cost improvement also we initiated last couple of years. Of course, it's a continuous process. 
And UK, we already started seeing the margin improvement for both companies. That's a part 
of cost improvement. And coming to the manufacturing, this is the large synergies we are 
expecting. 
 
Already, we started qualifying the products wherever the free capacity, a couple of products 
already initiated. But you know the regulatory process, it takes some time, 12 to 24 months. The 
process is continuing and we are doing very actively on that perspective. And procurement 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
synergies, already we started negotiating combined wherever there are common materials and 
it's working very well on that perspective. 
 
Sales, as I explained last quarter also, there are synergies for both sides since SeQuent is 
operating most of the API business with innovators. That's where we see opportunity for Viyash 
to improve the business with innovators, started working. I think it's going to materialize in the 
next few quarters on that. 
 
And mostly synergy is -- I can say it's happening. It's better than what we anticipated. But the 
regulatory framework, whatever it allows us, we are working on that, but it's working very 
smoothly. Both teams are working very closely. And also, we started working on strategic 
direction, both organized structure as well as next 3 to 5 years combined company, what we 
want to do. That type thing will come up in next 2, 3 quarters. 
 
With that, thank you. I'll hand over back to Abhishek. Thank you guys so much. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
We are good for Q&A now. Can you please open the floor for Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Shiwani from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Shiwani: 
Yes. Congratulations on good results. I have two questions, one for SeQuent and one for Viyash. 
So I'll begin with SeQuent question. So my question is that if we see the geographical mix, year-
on-year, Europe and India has been a single-digit growth, whereas we see emerging market 
growth has been around 25%, which is good. 
 
So I wanted to understand what's happening across the geography. And in emerging markets, I 
understand that we have added a few more markets. So if you can give a sense on how we are 
seeing the market panning out, especially with geopolitical issues also? And what is way forward 
for these markets? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
And the second question on Viyash? 
Shiwani: 
I'll take the second question after this one, if that's okay? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay, fine. So thank you, Shiwani, for the question. Yes, overall, I think we've started hitting a 
good double-digit growth. And some of the differences are that emerging markets, of course, the 
growth is coming because there is an opportunity to expand to new markets. There's also exports, 
which comes from -- one of the things we are doing is that we've created export bases, both in 
Turkey as well as in Spain, which is there for serving other markets which are nearby. So exports 
is doing it. 
 
Emerging markets, we also added Mexico. We are adding new markets. So that's in general the 
momentum which is there in emerging markets and I think we should expect that business to 
keep growing in double-digits. 
 
I think on Europe, it is -- what you might have seen now is more a function of a large base, 
which was there at the same quarter last year and that is why you might see a single-digit growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
But we have in the recent quarters also delivered double-digit growth on Europe as we have 
added more products, particularly when we started the distribution of vaccines. 
 
So we do expect that Europe is more a function of which quarter we end up having a large 
disease outbreak or a vaccination season. But on a full year basis, we still think that that's a 
market which should come close to double-digit growth in any case. 
 
The last bit about India, I think India was prioritized around a year ago. And we have begun to 
see double-digit growth even in India. We should be -- in fact, there are quarters when we have 
done over 20%. We have now added field force in India. We had a substantially smaller footprint 
in India in terms of number of people on the field. 
 
We had less than 100 people just a year ago. We now have about nearly 200 people on ground. 
And therefore, as the quarters sort of begin to realize the full impact of the people we have added, 
we expect this market also to begin to go into double-digits. 
 
So I think -- and also, I think you'll remember that there is a seasonality factor which varies 
quarter-to-quarter in different countries. So there are some quarters where some country may be 
on a lower market growth, while the other markets may be higher. So -- but on an average, I 
think we expect this business to consistently move into double-digit growth. 
Shiwani: 
Sure. Just a follow-up. When we say seasonality, you also mentioned that India business was 
impacted because of the seasonality factor. So what is the seasonality factor in Q1, if you can 
clarify that? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Typically, what happens is that a lot of animal health medicines -- and India is largely a dairy 
cattle business and it tends to get affected to some extent by the rural economy, which is over 
there. And also the outbreak of diseases depends to some extent on the kind of climatic 
conditions that might happen in that particular quarter. 
 
So you could have a situation where the same quarter last year may have had an outbreak of a 
disease because of which there was a substantially higher spike in the sale of medicine, while 
the same quarter this year may not have seen the same outbreak in disease and that might happen 
a couple of months later. So I think there's a bit of a variation which tends to take place quarter-
on-quarter. But on a full year basis, I think the secular trend should be in double-digits always. 
Shiwani: 
Sure, sure. I also have one more question for SeQuent, which is for API business. You did 
mention that albendazole sales have improved and it's seeing strong demand as well. What about 
other APIs? I mean, how is the API business performing and what to expect? Because API 
business have been slower initially. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
So we're getting the growth in both. I think we have signaled albendazole because albendazole, 
there is a demand coming in from WHO recently because we were prequalified for supply to 
formulators who are supplying for WHO. -- tenders and their requirement. But otherwise, even 
on some of the other APIs, which we make, which are non-albendazole APIs, there has been -- 
this quarter, there has been a growth even in those APIs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
But I think the most important thing for us is that we need to accelerate our new product 
introduction and R&D as far as the other APIs are concerned outside of just albendazole and the 
anthelmintic range. And that's the effort which is going on. So it has been a good performance 
for us, driven both by albendazole as well as the non-albendazole range. But I think going ahead 
for us, the larger drive will be on the non-albendazole range. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix Group. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to understand on the API business, 
after a long time, we have exceeded the INR100 crores number on a quarterly basis. Can we 
sustain this run rate? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Yes, I think this is a rate which we've been aspiring for. We've also done this in the past. We did 
have some surprises and setbacks in the past, which we have spoken about. So I think INR100 
crores is the rate which we would be targeting. And with the merger around the corner and more 
inputs coming in, in terms of the R&D pipeline, there's no reason why in the next few quarters 
we should not be sticking to this kind of a run rate or more. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right. And even on the gross margin front, there has been an improvement on a Y-o-Y basis, 
while there is a drop on a Q-o-Q basis. So could you explain this like the Q-o-Q drop and Y-o-
Y growth? Is there some seasonality element here? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Yes. So there is -- in general, I think we are having a margin improvement, which is happening 
on account of initiatives, both on the cost line as well as on the product mix, right? And both 
these have given us margin improvement, both in formulations and on APIs. So that's why you 
see a quarter-on-quarter -- year-on-year growth. 
 
Sequentially, some of it is also because of product mix. We did have a substantially higher 
profitability mix, which was specific to last quarter and that got a bit reduced. It was not there 
this quarter. So you will find that the line is still in the area of 48%, 49%, but you could have 
some sort of swing between the last quarter and this quarter. But directionally, if you take it over 
3, 4 quarters, we would continue to be moving towards the 50% line on gross margin. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right. And like any focus areas in terms of the animal health formulation business that -- so in 
terms of whether pet is a more focus area for you? And any geographies that you're specifically 
focusing on in terms of building the formulation business? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Yes. I think we have looked -- said that companion animal is a priority. We are looking at it in 
2 ways. One is wherever we have a front-end presence already, like in Europe, we have begun 
to distribute for some other companies and also launch some products of our own. But I think if 
you want to make it bigger, we'll have to look at a slightly more aggressive move, which is 
always under consideration for us in the next year or so. 
 
Having said that, we are also doubling down heavily on India because this is a market for 
domestic growth, which is very crucial for us. But for us, the big advantage is wherever we have 
a front-end business, which is India, lots of markets in Europe, Brazil and Turkey. In these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
markets, we would focus on introducing new product range, largely in the area of companion 
animals. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And we are still looking for the injectable -- growth in the injectable business as an area 
to build margins and maybe accelerate top line? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
So injectables, we have a factory, which is there in Turkey. That plant has now got an EU GMP, 
and therefore, we will expand supplies from Turkey into European markets also for injectables. 
These injectables are largely for food production animals and not so much for companion 
animals. 
 
But the injectables, obviously are -- there are fewer companies which are in injectables and the 
margins are obviously better than that. So yes, we will be growing injectables fast. We are, of 
course, looking at other opportunities and other markets in this area right now. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And just one final one on -- if I can just ask one more. On albendazole, we always had a 
US VMF on albendazole. So was that not good enough or this WHO prequalification is kind of 
incrementally helping you? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
I think they are separate markets. The US VMF is for supplies to the United States. The WHO 
purchase is largely for supplies, which are made to the developing markets for various donation 
programs as well as local countries which sort of use it. So these are two completely different 
market requirements. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rachit Kabra from Anand Rathi. 
Rachit Kabra: 
So I would like to know like is there any risk of like the input costs rising or going up due to the 
dollar strengthening? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
I think I'll pass this question to Dr. Hari. Maybe if you can give us some color on that. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
We don't see any risk because exports are more than imports, much more than -- I don't see any 
impact on that. Of course, wherever there is a risk, we have cover it. I don't see any negative 
impact on that perspective. 
Rachit Kabra: 
And my next question is like you had earlier said that Turkey would become a base for more 
exports. And can you update on the plan, what the plan has been and how it has been going 
forward? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Yes. So when we started doing that, the original sort of requirement was that we wanted to make 
sure that we were foreign exchange neutral, and that's why we started exports. But now Turkey 
is becoming -- because of the injectable manufacturing plant which we have over there and the 
fact that we've got a EU GMP license which has been given to that plant, the opportunities to 
export beyond just neighboring markets has increased. And we are looking at a couple of 
launches coming in the next few quarters, which will be for supplies into Europe. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
So yes, so that plan continues and it is, in fact, accelerating now. Also, the economic condition 
there is a bit more stable than what it was, say, 6 quarters ago. And that makes it a bit easier for 
us to be able to look at more B2B contracts for that. 
Rachit Kabra: 
And if I could continue with one more question? 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Go ahead. One more, yes. 
Rachit Kabra: 
Yes. So we have seen a PAT improvement substantially compared to the last year. So what are 
you targeting for this year? Any ballpark number? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
I don't think we'll give any guidance on PAT right now. I mean we have given you guidance on 
margins, on the adjusted EBITDA margin. I think we will hold to that. Of course, the attempt is 
to make sure that it gets converted into much higher PAT. So we expect the PAT growth to be 
well ahead of the EBITDA growth for both the -- as we begin to go on. 
 
So I think what you should expect is that the PAT growth will be ahead of EBITDA growth. 
And the EBITDA guidance we have given you already saying that on the SeQuent side, it would 
be closer to the mid-teens for this year and we were looking at the high-teens on the Viyash side. 
And hopefully, by the end of the year, we would be able to come back and say that we are on 
the higher side on both. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amresh Kumar from Geosphere Capital. 
Amresh Kumar: 
On the gross margin side, sir, you said it can reach or trend towards 30%. So are we building in 
some merger benefits from this or how do we reach there? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Sorry, I don't know what you are -- so on the gross margin line, I think on the SeQuent side, we 
have indicated that it will come closer to the 50% as we begin to move on. Viyash is obviously 
ahead of -- well ahead of that already. And yes, we should see some benefits. I will hand over 
maybe to Dr. Hari to expand a bit more on what can -- what are possibilities on the gross margin 
side. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Dr. Hari? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Is Dr. Hari there? 
Moderator: 
Sir, his line got disconnected. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
But yes, just to recap, we have been operating at the 45, 46 kind of a level. We have moved up 
now to about 48, 49. And our target is to move to the 50 soon. And Viyash, of course, is always 
ahead of -- much higher than that. So -- and the benefit, while I wait for Dr. Hari to join… 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Meanwhile, can you ask can you ask your next question? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Can you ask your next question and I can... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Amresh Kumar: 
Yes, sure. On the R&D front, you said that you are in the process of introducing or working on 
some more products. So it would be great if you can kind of expand on this a little bit? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Yes. I will just wait for Dr. Hari, he got disconnected to sort of like -- so two questions. One on 
how the improvement in gross margins may come in the next few quarters after the merger and 
the synergies? And the second, I think, is on what can we look forward to in terms of R&D, new 
products and pipeline? 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
So as I explained, R&D, we are adding a lot of products to both companies because Viyash is 
having a very strong portfolio. Every quarter, we can see approvals as well as new product filing. 
So we started adding SeQuent portfolio also since both R&Ds are working together. So now the 
outcome is much better than what was earlier. 
 
But definitely, next few quarters, it's going to add a lot of products even for animal health basket. 
But of course, you know the current regulatory scenario, once you start developing the product, 
development and approval, it takes its own time, but we are trying to work as quickly as possible. 
 
Coming to the gross margin improvements, of course, the entire strategic direction we are 
working on, and as explained last quarter also, so we are going to -- we will present maybe next 
quarters with a detailed investor presentation. We will come up in the next 2 quarters. But 
definitely, we can see a lot of gross margin improvements because of various things. 
 
One is definitely network optimization, always, as we explained, wherever there is a capacity. 
Viyash, we are running capacity utilization around 60%, 65%, whereas SeQuent actually the one 
site is fully occupied, other site is still there is a capacity to add more products. 
 
So with the utilization of the capacity, definitely there is gross margin improvement. And most 
important, our R&D capability of cost improvements, that's going to play a major role. It's going 
to improve a lot. But whatever we explained earlier by '27, both companies together definitely 
will be around 20%. That we are on track. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kaustav from Boundless Management Solutions. 
Kaustav: 
My question is for Dr. Hari. Because of the exposure of Viyash to the US markets, I wanted to 
understand a lot has changed in terms of expectations or opportunities coming from the US 
because of, let's say, regulatory factors. About a year ago, we had this opportunity -- potential 
opportunity from the US Biosecure Act. 
 
Now we move forward a year and Trump has come in and he's talking about these pharma tariffs. 
Also, there's a little bit of lack of clarity in how the distribution would change the impact of 
pharmaceutical benefit managers. So how do you look at this? How do you assess the situation 
and the impact on the combined entity, Viyash plus SeQuent together? 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
No, I think our perspective, I see more opportunity than issue. Why? Because current our 
exposure, of course, SeQuent exposure is not -- is very little for US And Viyash API exposure, 
direct exports are very little, in fact, I think 2%, 3%. But overall, it may impact indirect exports 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
also, whatever we supply to Indian companies where they formulate and export, there may be 
impact. But all put together, it's around 17%, 18% of our exposure on the US market today. 
 
And other than exports from India, we have formulation business in US and manufacturing site 
also is in US And we see both sides, it's opportunity as well as actually the issue, but I strongly 
believe we have a great opportunity. Why? 
 
Because our exposure is a little less. And most important, if you see our regulatory strength, so 
last 12, 15 months, we were able to manage 5 US FDA audits and without any issue. That's a 
great asset for us. And also handling the same day 2 audits it's not easy for any company, but 
our team demonstrated that. And SeQuent also, whatever we had audits, it went through very 
well. 
 
So we see, US, definitely, there is more opportunity for us with our R&D strength, capability to 
differentiate products, whatever you can see from US perspective. And also SeQuent, definitely, 
there is opportunity to grow a lot in generic animal health play. You can see generics started 
penetrating in US That's where we can see the opportunities. But we -- I strongly believe more 
than threats, we have a great opportunity. 
 
Of course, we are trying to relook at re-strategize even our formulation business, okay? Since 
we have US sites, if we put tariffs, that's a big advantage for us. But that could be the short term 
I always see. But long-term strategy, okay, wherever is a low-cost base manufacturing is always 
good. So we are working on various aspects, especially in the formulation. 
 
We are trying to take out low-margin, low-volume products, which improve margins. That you 
can see this quarter, whereas our margins, EBITDA improved a lot, but top line growth is very 
less. That's one of the reasons was we are trying to take out actually low volume, low margin 
products, which actually substitute with the new products. 
 
So we are coming up with a lot of new products where the margin profile is much better than 
mature products. So that's how we can see opportunity for us. And Biosecure Act, of course, all 
our facilities, we are moving towards actually meeting any standards. So that's also we see a lot 
of opportunity with this... 
Kaustav: 
But -- if I could just interrupt on the Biosecure. Since the government changed, what's the view 
on Biosecure Act? Because it's been shelved, right? 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
If the government change of US or you mean to say what? 
Kaustav: 
Yes, yes, for the US 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
The current government, whatever is the Trump policies you're talking, right, or the new 
government comes? 
Kaustav: 
The current Trump government. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Yes. It's actually anything -- Trump, he can actually stay another 3 years, right, 3, 3.5 years. All 
these products, whatever we are talking, Biosecure Act, it takes its whole time 3 to 5 years, any 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
product moving here or there. It's not easy just like that actually moving out all Indian products 
to somewhere, all Chinese products to somewhere. It's impossible to do that. 
 
So there is a regulatory guidelines. There are actually the customer expectations. It's a process. 
This cycle, how long it took to move out from China to India, some extent, still going on. Last 
5, 6 years, it's working very actively government. But still the shift is not substantial. So it takes 
its own time. I don't think it's going to change next 3, 4 years drastically on that perspective. 
 
And the fact is there's no alternative for India. The only either China or India, right, for all these 
things where there is a large manufacturing, large resource capability to do these things, only 
these countries. So they won't go back to the China, right? So still, I see there's a good 
opportunity for India and also ourselves. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Congratulations, Hari Babu and Rajaramji and team for a super performance. I have 2 questions 
for SeQuent. One is that we -- like what Hari Babu said, even in SeQuent also, we were, I mean, 
moving away from low-margin product and hence our top line was getting affected. So at current 
stage, where we are in this portfolio and when we really start seeing a larger benefit in terms of 
top line growth? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
And your second question, Bharat bhai? 
Bharat Sheth: 
And sir, I mean, second question is now like in Spain, which is making a good margin and profit, 
there we have only 60% holding. Any plan for consolidating 100%? And third question for our 
CFO. This one-off and ESOP cost, how do we see because it is going at accelerated pace? So 
how could we think about the ESOP cost in '26 and '27? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. I'll just take the question. Bharat bhai, thank you for asking. So one is on the top line. I 
think we have completed most of the pruning, which was done of low margin. Of course, this 
has to be continuously done. But now you are seeing that for the last few quarters, the growth 
rate has moved from 5%, 6% now to almost -- we are talking between 12% to 14% in most, and 
if you look at local currency. So we expect this to keep accelerating. 
 
So now the growth has to come from 2; one, volume growth of your existing products and by 
introducing new products. And the third, of course, will come from pricing, right? So these are 
the 3 sort of levers which will give you the growth coming. So I don't think there is much to do 
now in pruning of products on the formulation side. Most has been done. 
 
Of course, on API, there is always a pressure on margins because there is always pressure in 
terms of B2B supplies. But we don't see that this exercise will be continuing for too long. But in 
all companies, after a couple of years, you once more look at your portfolio and then you have 
to refresh it depending on what has changed in the market, yes. 
 
Second, I think on Spain, yes, we have a 60%. We have, at this point of time, no immediate plan. 
It's a very well-run operation. The 40% is owned by the family, which currently also runs the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
company. So they are trained veterinarians, local experts. And therefore, we are very happy with 
what they're doing. So there's no urgency for us to sort of get into that. 
 
And the last question coming on to the ESOP piece, I'll ask Saurav to reply after this. But maybe 
first, I'll ask if Dr. Hari wants to add anything on the pruning of products and improving projects. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Of course, I have a question for Hari Babu also. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay, separately. Okay. So then maybe I'll ask Saurav to answer one on the ESOPs. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Let me complete our SeQuent perspective pruning. It's always margin improvements or top line 
growth is based on 2 things. One is how efficiently we can run our operations. Second thing is 
how fast we can bring new products on, especially API because as Rajaram mentioned, 
formulation actually it's already done whatever we have. It's mostly geographic expansion. 
There's a lot of opportunities for exporting from Turkey to other... 
Moderator: 
Sorry, sir. Hari sir got disconnected, I'll reconnect. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So meanwhile if Saurav can answer. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. Just complete the question. 
Saurav Bhala: 
Yes, Mr. Bharat. So on two points. First, I'll take on the exceptional item. If you see exceptional, 
there is no exceptional coming in the first quarter other than the merger-related expense, which 
would continue for next 2 quarters because as the merger progresses, there are milestone-based 
payments, which will happen in this year. Apart from that, we are not seeing any one-time or 
exceptional kind of expense, which is all taken care of. 
 
On the second part, ESOP. ESOP, as I explained in the last call also, ESOP, we have mostly 
done the vesting of SeQuent ESOPs and the base of the last year retains. Next 2 years, it would 
be in the similar lines. It will not increase because of SeQuent ESOPs. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Sorry, guys, I lost again my line. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Please continue, Dr. Hari. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
So what I was telling SeQuent margin improvements and also top line improvements, as Rajaram 
mentioned, all formulation is pretty well streamlined last couple of years. So most important for 
that is the geographic expansion. That's what I started doing like exporting from Turkey to other 
countries, Spain to other countries. So it's working pretty well on that perspective. 
 
When it comes to API, especially SeQuent, any API business to grow on two fronts. One is 
efficient utilization of the facilities and efficient process capability. And the third thing is most 
important, continuous adding of those new products. So that we missed out last couple of years, 
but now we are accelerating that both sides. And we can see a lot of improvement in 12 months 
from that perspective. That's what I was trying to say. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, same thing on earlier also, we were looking for Viyash also a lot of, I mean, pruning the 
portfolio and hence, our top line is not really reflecting, but it is reflected in the margin. So where 
we are in this journey, pruning of the portfolio and moving to, say, other newer therapeutic like 
oncology as well as CRDMO opportunity, if you can give some more color? 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Viyash perspective, we are very strong. We initiated oncology maybe 18 months back. Within 
18 months, we come up very stronghold now. We have almost INR15 crores, INR16 crores in 
portfolio. Already a couple of products we have filed on that perspective. So similar lines, 
SeQuent also, we are looking at a couple of -- even animal pet care, especially there's a lot of 
oncology products either similar or coming in different way. Since we have, we can come up in 
a strong way in that perspective. These are low margin, for example -- sorry, go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sorry, sorry. You said, low margin and then top line growth, how do we think about it? 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
So low margin, large volume, always there is a scope to improve by doing process efficiency or 
optimizing capabilities. I think that's where we have a very strong team to do that like large 
volume, low margin, I can say, [inaudible 0:50:39] various markets actually where we operate 
at the quality market, margins are still reasonably good. 
 
But still there is a continuous process to improve high-volume, low margin products that we are 
very much capable to do that. Of course, where there are low volume, low-margin products, 
that's where we are trying to prune in. So we have very strong process efficiency team to take 
care of those things. We don't want to drop every product. 
 
We drop only products where there is no opportunities to see the growth. If the overall volume 
itself is very low in the world market, we can't see much growth. Those are the projects we are 
trying to prune in. But high-volume products will continue, will improve as much as possible. 
And we definitely are going to compete those products. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And CDMO opportunity, sir? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. May we request you to rejoin the queue. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, this is in line with the same question of CDMO, which I already asked. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Dr. Hari can complete the answer for that, yes. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
The CDMO also, as I explained last quarter, we initiated CDMO. We started doing a couple of 
companies. But we are coming up with a complete strategic direction next 1, 2 quarters. We 
started building the team on CDMO. If you see our capability, we have fantastic infrastructure, 
both analytical, EHS and operating. These three are actually core thing for any CDMO business. 
And we are already handling maybe, I think, 8 out of top 10 innovator companies. 
 
The next phase of CDMO business, we are trying to do Phase I, Phase II. That we started building 
the team. We started actually relooking at our R&D expansion. This year, you can see definitely 
our R&D expansion, both space as well as people. So next year, we will come up with strong 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
CDMO. I don't want to just come up CDMO just a few things. So we are going to come up very 
strong on our CDMO next 12 to 18 months, I can say that. We are working on that. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mohd Haris from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Mohd Haris: 
Can you provide an update on the companion animal health business? And where do we see it 
in the next 2 years? And if you can give us the financials in terms of contribution in this quarter? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Is that your only question? 
Mohd Haris: 
Yes, that is the only question. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. Thank you. So I think companion animals for us, as we have said before, it reflects at this 
point of time about 5-odd-percent of our total business. We are largely a production animal 
company, but it's growing fast for us in some markets. So in Europe, for example, we are 
beginning to now distribute more and more of companion animal products and we are also 
launching the companion animal anesthetic range, which will increase the share of this business. 
 
Our intent -- plan is that we should double this in the next 3 years in terms of organically on our 
own products. On the API side as well, there is -- there are companion animal APIs, which have 
now -- we started getting inquiries for those. We have started, in fact, supplying some of those. 
 
So I expect some interest to increase over there. But other than that, I think from a financial point 
of view, because it is not big enough, I can't -- we don't sort of report the financials of companion 
animals separately. Generally, they tend to be quite profitable in line with the current margin or 
slightly higher. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Rachit Kabra from Anand Rathi. 
Rachit Kabra: 
So I have a follow-up on like you had earlier said that the company would reduce the debt. So 
is it still holding true? 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Yes. Still we are evaluating, but we are going to restructure, whatever SeQuent debt you see 
today. So the interest cost is a little high. We are going to restructure, but we are looking at 2 
things. One is clearing complete data or looking for something. So we are -- post-merger, we are 
going to do this. We are looking for growth opportunities. So we evaluated work on that after 
post-merger. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. And I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. Thank you very much for being on the call. Thank you, Dr. Hari. Thank you, Saurav. 
Thank you, Ramakant, and everybody who has attended. So I think you would have seen that 
we are quite consistent right now in what we indicated a couple of quarters ago when we started 
doing this call together with Viyash and SeQuent. 
 
Our growth continues to be on plan. Our margins are improving like we have guided. We do 
expect that the synergies of the merger will kick in fast right after we get all the clearances and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
August 11, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
the work on it, however, has already started. So both on the P&L as well as on the balance sheet, 
we should see a substantial improvement within the first few quarters of the merger sort of 
getting effective. And we look forward to sharing the performance of the next quarter when we 
meet with you on the call. Thank you very much, and have a good week. 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thank you. 
Hari Babu Bodepudi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SeQuent Scientific Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
