A ALTEX 
To 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip Code 
: 540692 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
3 160, Panasopadu, Kakinade 533 005 
Andhra Pradesh. India 
off +91 884 2383902 
- 4 (3 lines) 
fax +91 884 2383905 
- 6 
cs@opexfrozenfoods.com 
CIN: L15490AP2012PLC080067 
Date: 2274 August, 2025. 
To 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block, 
BandraKurla Complex, 
Bankdra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol 
: APEX 
Sub: 
Transcript of Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 18t August, 2025- 
Reg. 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q1FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, which was held on 18t August, 2025. 
The 
aforementioned Earnings Conference 
Call, 
as 
per 
the 
transcript 
enclosed, 
incorporates mainly 
the highlights 
of Un-Audited financial results 
of 
the 
0Ist 
Quarter ended 30% June, 2025 and other related information which is already in 
public domain and/or made available/uploaded on the Company’s website. 
Please take the same on record. 
For Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Karuturi Subrahmanya Chowdary 
Managing Director 
DIN: 03619259 
Encl:a/a
KARUTURI 
SUBRAHMANY
A CHOWDARY
Digitally signed by 
KARUTURI SUBRAHMANYA 
CHOWDARY 
Date: 2025.08.22 15:30:20 
+05'30'

FA 
APEX 
FROZEN FOODS 
“Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Q1 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 18, 2025 
AoEx 
$CSTELLAR 
‘ 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHOWDARY KARUTURI — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — APEX FROZEN 
FooDS LIMITED 
MR. DURGA PRASAD — SENIOR MANAGER, ACCOUNTS 
— APEX FROZEN FOODS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYASH SAMANT — STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
Page 1016

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Moderator: 
Suyash Samant: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Apex Frozen Foods Limited Q1 FY 26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
Zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference s being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us today 
the senior management team of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, Mr. Chowdary Karuturi, Managing 
Director and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Durga Prasad, Senior Manager, Accounts, who 
will represent Apex Frozen Foods Limited on the call. 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter ended 
30th June 2025, followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note, this call may contain 
some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon the company beliefs, 
opinions and expectations as of today. 
These statements are not 
a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statements to reflect developments that occur after a statement is made. 
Inow hand over the conference to Mr. Chowdary Karuturi. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Suyash. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Investor Call 
for Q1 of FY '26. We have uploaded the investor presentation on the website of the stock 
exchanges, and we do hope that you have had a chance to go through it. 
Over the past couple of years, we have been strategically working, of course, to diversify our 
revenue base and reduce dependency mainly on the U.S. market. This strategy is clearly visible 
in our geographical sales mix during the last fiscal as well as in the Q1 of FY 26, that the non- 
U.S. business accounted for 
-- in QI FY '26, 
it accounted for 45% of our total revenue, 
a 
significant improvement from 30% in the same quarter 2 years ago. 
In Q! FY 26, the European Union market, excluding the U.K., contributed 39% to our overall 
sales mix, up from 37% in Q1 FY 25 and 36% in Q4 of FY '25. The EU market achieved a year- 
on-year sales growth of 22% and a quarter-on-quarter sales growth of 37% in Q1 FY '26. 
Sales from our other markets contributed 7% to the overall sales mix compared to 9% in Q1 FY 
'25 and 3% in Q4 of FY '25. Sales volume for other markets were down by 9% year-on-year and 
up by 229% quarter-on-quarter. 
Page 2 0f 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
We aim to further diversify our client base across geographies to mitigate the risk of dependence 
on any one single region. The second key highlight is the EU approval, basically the listing of 
our new second facility, which has been  we have been awaiting for the past 5 years. 
We are delighted to share a key milestone of our second facility has received a long-awaited 
listing approval from the EU towards the end of - around - in June 2025, sorry. And the final 
paperwork s currently underway, which is with the local authorities. 
This marks an important step in expanding our access to the European markets, especially. This 
approval paves the way for new opportunities in the region as well, we can now sell our RTE 
products, which -- for which there was no access into the EU. 
The products that - these products that are exclusively manufactured at our second facility, the 
RTE products, so we would get the access for that. We are optimistic about capturing higher 
volumes also through RTE sales in the coming quarters, which should also enhance our overall 
product mix. The share of ready-to-eat products stood at 15% in Q1 FY '26. 
Now coming to our Q1 FY '26 performance. In Q1 FY '26, revenue and profitability improved 
compared to both Q1 FY 25 and Q4 of FY '25. Net revenue rose by 39% - had risen by 39% 
year-on-year and 31% quarter-on-quarter to INR258 crores, driven mainly by higher realizations 
and also increased sales volumes. 
Sales volumes grew 17% year-on-year and 28% quarter-on-quarter to 3,015 metric tons, while 
the average realization improved to INRS11 per kilo, marking a 19% increase year-on-year and 
a2% increase sequentially. 
In Q1 of FY 26, gross profit increased by 47% year-on-year and 48% quarter-on-quarter to 
INRSS crores with a gross margin of 34%. The margin improved by 164 bps year-on-year and 
382 bps quarter-on-quarter, supported by the correction in farm gate prices mainly and also the 
growth in realizations. 
In Q1 of FY '26, the average gross shrimp purchase prices were around INR320 per kilo, which 
is up by 8% year-on-year, but down 11% quarter-on-quarter, with prices correcting sharply in 
April 2025 following the global trade uncertainties before recovering thereafter. 
The EBITDA grew 66% year-on-year and 137% quarter-on-quarter to INR18 crores, while the 
PAT increased -- profit after tax increased by 139% year-on-year and 363% quarter-on-quarter 
to INRO crores. In terms of the balance sheet, it continues to remain strong with our total 
borrowings reduced significantly over the past 3 years from INR167 crores in FY 22 to INR73 
crores in FY 25. 
In FY 125, the short-term borrowings stood at INRG67 crores and the long term at INR6 crores. 
Our net debt-to-equity ratio has strengthened from 0.3x in FY 22 to 0.1x multiple in FY 25, 
reflecting our sustained focus on debt reduction and balance sheet strength. 
Page 3 0f 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Moderator: 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Looking ahead, global trade conditions remain uncertain following the U.S. reciprocal tariff 
announcement along with the additional penal tariff announcement, which was there recently in 
this one. 
While in Q1 FY 26, the demand from the U.S. was strong as customers built inventory ahead of 
the anticipated tariff hike in August. With elevated tariffs now in place, there is uncertainty over 
future demand and the moderation in orders from the U.S. cannot be ruled out in the upcoming 
quarters. 
Even on the supply side, while a favorable global pricing scenario would typically encourage 
Indian shrimp farmers to expand cultivation and increase supply, potentially easing farm gate 
prices, prevailing global trade uncertainties create a degree of unpredictability around this 
outcome along with certain disease-related issues at the farm level. 
We are watching the developments carefully and continuing our endeavor to take the right steps 
towards a sustainable business development and growth. 
With that, we can now open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. 
So regarding uncertainty in tariffs, so where India would be there even if 25% tariff, earlier 
without these tariffs we are facing competitive pressure from the Ecuador and how those 
countries, so how do you see the India's position with the 25% tariff at least if 50% is not 
realized? And what is the update from the customers, how they feel that this tariff could be — 
who will absorb that? How much they want to absorb and how much at company level we can 
absorb? 
Yes. The first and foremost thing regarding the tariffs part, the customers - most of the 
customers have been absorbing the 10% tariff, which came into effect around May month. They 
were also willing to absorb 25% tariff, which got initially announced. 
In fact, some of our orders and the production, which was being done for those orders have 
already been revised for the 25% with basically the increase from 10% to 25%. That has also 
been agreed upon by the customers. 
But once the second announcement or the second 25%, the penal rate, which was charged 
additionally was announced, the uncertainty definitely has increased more. And there are some 
customers who are -- because there are — there have been commitments and for certain orders, 
which are to be received before the holidays, some of the customers did acknowledge to even 
absorb the 50%, which is 25% plus 25%. 
However 
-- which is mostly some of our program business customers who are there. But there 
are also certain customers who do more on spot basis and some of the food service customers, 
restaurant chain customers are rather unwilling to look at the additional 25%, which means they 
are unwilling to absorb and rather - they are actually asked us to take a pause and hold 
Page 4016

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
production, awaiting for the uncertainties to be cleared, hoping that there could be some new 
announcements either from - mostly from the government of USA based on various measures, 
which are being taken up by the government of India. 
So for now, the first set of 25%, as most - almost all of the customers have agreed o it, and 
they are willing to absorb that. There is no issue on that part; however, the second announcement 
of the additional 25%, that has been causing a problem. 
And in fact, a significant amount of the customers are actually holding up the orders or even 
shipments, except those, which are already there on water, which are on the way. But there are 
a fow customers, which as I mentioned earlier, with whom we already have the program set, 
they are willing to absorb the additional 25% also, but it is a marginal volume to be at this price. 
So how do you see Indian companies to compete against other countries with this additional 
25%. So still we are - our relation is very attractive or still we face a lot of competition if we 
include this 25% tariff? 
No. Obviously, 25% tariff, it will be very discouraging. Obviously, the customers will be looking 
at other sources of origin also, other origins like whether it is Ecuador or Indonesia, wherever it 
is. But we would not be able to speak on behalf of the country as a whole, but we can only talk 
for our company. 
And with the respective steps, which we have been taking in diversifying more and opening up 
our production lines even further for the European Union markets and other markets. We - and 
now as mentioned in our opening remarks, the recent event with regard to the EU listing of our 
second facility, we strongly believe we will be able to grow our non-U.S. sales even further, 
thereby with these uncertainties, at least until things come to a more stable situation, especially 
with the U.S. market, we would continue to focus and increase our volumes outside the U.S., 
even though replacing the entire market share of U.S. is not possible in a short term. But since 
we have already diversified in a good way until the end of last year and even end of QU of this 
year, we are already continuing to do that. 
So that way, our company will continue to push volumes to other markets, number one. That is 
the first part. And with regard to U.S., we will have to evaluate with our customers. Customers 
are definitely looking for other origins also. 
But this uncertainty, we believe, will continue to be there until the end of the calendar year as 
we have understood from various sources. This uncertainty may continue. And as and when 
there are decisions taken by the U.S. government, it will change. It will be changed. That's what 
we expect. 
Understood. So when we can expect these new shipments to the Europe from the new facility, 
which is undergoing inspection? For the next quarter... 
We are expecting the - already the listing has been done by the EU. Some paperwork is pending 
with the local authorities. That is also nearing completion. Most likely this week onwards or 
next week, mostly in this month, we will also start selling - getting purchase orders rather, we're 
Page 50f16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
getting - we'll be looking for getting orders regarding ready-to-cat products also from the 
European Union from this month. And we should be translating them into sales positively from 
next month onwards, which is because it takes time to execute an order in the process flow. 
And this -- on farm gate prices, 50 as of now, I think there's a lot of decrease in the farm gate 
prices. So this trend will continue or is there any uptick in the prices in the last 1, 1.5 months? 
So ifit is on the lower side, maybe again, farmers will stop cultivating. So again, it will create 
supply issues like last 3 quarter we have been -- 3, 4 quarters before. So how do you that -- how 
is the trend? And what do you think about that supply scene going forward? 
The thing is with regard to farm gate prices, of course, there is - as mentioned in our opening 
remarks, there are uncertainties, which have been caused because of these tariffs imposed by the 
U.S. government. In fact, in the beginning of July, as you know, since the demand was still there 
for all these orders to be shipped, quite a number of orders to be shipped and supply was low 
because of distressed harvest in the Q1. 
Part of the significant amount of volume also got distress harvested during the Q1, thereby 
reducing the supply of raw material or shrimp in -- especially in the month of July and August 
also right now as we speak. So that definitely - it had — the price hike was there at the farm gate 
level in the month of July. 
However, post announcement of these tariffs by the U.S. Government, that definitely causes a 
pressure across the processor and exporter level because a lot of inventories are there and subject 
-- they are all subject to tariffs now, these enhanced tariffs. 
So obviously, that created - that is creating a pressure at the farm gate level. For now, we believe 
as things -- for now, we believe that as the uncertainties case out, we believe things should get 
much better at the farm gate level also depending on the intemational situation - sorry, 
depending on the overseas as the certainties get -- gain more momentum, we will have better 
picture at the farm gate level. 
Sir, 
it scems like the line for the participant has been dropped out. Tll move with the next 
participant. 
Yes please. 
We take the next question from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Research. 
A few questions from my side. Firstly, on our second unit that has finally received EU approvals 
and listings. Firstly, congratulations on that. Its been long awaited from the company. And 
because of whatever reason, it has been pending for a very long time now. And it's good that it's 
finally here and couldn't have been at a better time. Now on the facility itself, we have a 20,000 
metric ton plant in which we had expanded another 10,000 of RTE. 
Is that correct? 
We have a 25,000 metric ton plant, out of which 10,000 metric tons, which means 15,000 is 
RTC and 10,000 is RTE. Correct. 
Page 6 0f 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Okay. Got it. So my question over here is how much of this plant are we currently using before 
the EU orders or other orders? 
We have been using that plant for 0 - I mean, we have not been using for EU at all. That plant 
was not available for the EU market until now, and that will be made available both on RTC as 
well as RTE for doing these products post this listing and now we'll be able to discuss - I mean, 
sorry, get more orders for the EU market also from that facility as such. So we - so far... 
So whatever -- for other facility -- for other countries, other destinations, were we using this 
plant? And if so, how much were we using it? 
For the other countries, 1 minute. That was... 
A percentage would also do because what I'm trying to understand is that, that 10,000, which is 
a highly high-value product would probably not being used till now or being used to bare 
‘minimum, if my understanding is right? 
No, in the old -- for example, in the old plant -- the new plant we have for -- between RTC and 
RTE -- sorry, the RTE percentage was 14%, which means of the total capacity of RTE, we were 
using 14% -- 
I mean, our total processing production, which was done in QL, it is 14%, all put 
together as RTE. Obviously, that is all 
to U.S.A., mainly and very miniscule part to Canada and 
other markets. 
But the main -- as far as the other capacity is concerned, currently, I think we are using — just a 
minute, please. The remaining capacity you are asking me about the remaining capacity, isn't 
that correct? 
Correct. 
How much we have been using? Yes. So out of the total remaining capacity, which is 15,000 
metric tons, we have -- we have used 34% of the RTC. I mean, for the -- I'm only talking on a 
quarterly basis. 
Understood. And that would be - we can take that as normalized growth, right, to some extent? 
Kind of. Yes, yes. 
Yes, s0 what I was trying — my intention from this question was to understand the headroom 
that we have. So overall utilization is still below 30% in this plant, and the headroom is 
substantially large, even on the volume front before we have to sacrifice on some other market. 
That is what I'm trying to understand? 
So we do have good headroom as far as growing our volumes to both -- I mean, if things change 
over the course of time, not only we'll continue to do our business with the U.S. market, along 
with it, we will also growing — we'll be growing our European Union market also without 
needing any significant additional capacity increase in the short or medium term, if that is exactly 
what you're trying to find out. 
Page 70f16

A 
Fhozin Faons 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Yes, sir. Okay. Sir, apart from this, on the EU front itself, there was a change in regulation. And 
if T am not wrong, by September next year, India's animal proteins has to be approved by EU or 
we're going to have problems exporting to EU, we'll have to get it re-audited and everything as 
acountry. And that, of course, we cannot do as a company, that has to be done on the government 
front. Is there movement happening on that? 
Government is taking it up. It is more to do with antimicrobial resistance issue, so banning of 
drugs, which are having antimicrobial resistance and such banned substances, which the 
government of India is already taking it up and -- both between Ministry of Commerce as well 
as Ministry of Health because this is not related to just shrimp or seafood, but it is in general, so 
which they are taking it up. We believe the steps will be taken within the right time so that we 
don't get affected from September 2026, as you pointed out. 
Understood, sir. Sir, lastly, on the recent events that have taken place, there was industry 
representation to the government and some reasonable steps were requested, one of which was 
financing lines. So that the farmers do not suffer losses while processing companies can continue 
to buy the product and hold it. 
So financing lines at a discounted rate was something that the industry has — had asked for, 
which had - also seems quite necessary and quite reasonable. Has the government obliged on 
that front? 
As of now, various proposals have been given by various sectors to the government of India, 
and they will be working on each of them, not just limited to finance, but other support 
mechanisms which are available -~ which could be made available. And they are currently 
evaluating between the Ministries of Commerce and Finance. 
And I believe at the right time, they would be taking the call and keeping us informed. And we 
are pretty sure when we are informed, even you would be aware of 
it. As and when we are aware, 
you will also be aware because today, it's everything is in the open. 
So yes, for now, we are just awaiting as they are evaluating maybe also based on the current 
dialogues, which are happening between the countries also. So we look forward for whatever 
supports the government of India could be giving to our sector as a whole, to our industry as a 
whole. 
Understood, sir. Sir, lastly, there was news that inventories are starting to dwell in the U.S. and 
arrival of holiday season could spike up prices. And you could see sharp upsurges in shrimp 
prices within the U.S. because of the demand requirement, which normally is far more in the 
holidays than the normal period. 
Anything you are hearing because, of course, this is not data which comes out. There's no way 
to focus on it. Its only industry talk. So any - are you guys also getting the same information 
that, that is the way it is happening? And are retail chains, which sell this product increasing 
their prices? 
Page 8 0f 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Yes. 
I would answer your last question first. Retail segment has been increasing their prices 
more to do with, of course, tariffs, which definitely play a major role in the U.S. at the selling 
point level to the end consumer. But also at the same time, overall, the demand has been 
increasing even from the - basically, it had remained very stable. 
The pricing was remaining very stable and fimm even during Q1. Part of the realization growth 
during Q1 is also the overall raise or rather stable environment of the selling prices for us to the 
U.S. and thereby, the U.S. market in general was also maintaining very stable and firm pricing 
there. 
Of course, part of our realization growth also is attributed to the depreciating currency, but that 
was marginal. That s also there. That also plays a key role. But the major part was that the prices 
were also remaining stable without including the tariffs. Tariffs play a separate role on our 
realization part, but overall market also was quite stable and firm. 
And yes, definitely one of the reasons, which we also - I think 
we stated to the earlier participant 
i that the customers are also looking towards - even some of them are willing to pay even 50% 
tariff for getting the products immediately or especially because they need for the holiday sales 
like you mentioned. So they are willing to take the products. 
Some of them who also already have programs are not really looking at for replacements 
immediately before the end of this year. So they are willing to absorb 50% tariffs. So the demand 
is there. But by the time the holidays kick in, the shelf level pricing, what that pricing would 
eventually do at the consumer level, it is - for us, itis too premature to comment at this point. 
We do not know. So because if you look at it, the tariffs are not just on shrimp or India, tariffs 
are on multiple products. So obviously, we'll have to see how the effects of these tariffs over the 
next 2 months will be there. 
And eventually, for the holidays, like you rightly said, the biggest time period of consumption, 
especially during the holidays will - whether how it will be - how these tariffs will impact for 
them to consume. On the volumes, it's too premature to comment at this point. 
We'll have to see how it will be. But our customers are willing to absorb these tariffs and which 
means they will be charging the consumers also. But not all of them, as we stated earlier. There 
are customers who also have canceled orders. 
There are customers who are asking to not ship or rather they are looking at other origins, which 
we stated. But there are also certain customers who are willing to absorb. Those people - those 
customers who are willing to absorb and eventually other origins also are increasing the pricing 
because of the demand scenario, which you mentioned. 
How this will translate to consumption in volumes at the end consumer level is something, which 
we have to keenly observe. So we'll know better during the holiday period and aftermath how 
the situation has eventually evolved towards the end of this year for the holiday period. 
‘We take the next question from the line of Purushottam from Wise Old Bird. 
Page 9 0f 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Purushottam: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Purushottam: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. 
I had a question regarding our Canada. So can some 
things be absorbed to Canada market? So as U.S., we have a very low base in the Canada, but 
we have been doing business in Canada for quite some time. So - and EU is a very good thing 
that happened at the right time now. And U K. also because of this, will we be able to scale up 
on the UK. side? 
Yes, with regard to UK., we have been growing the volumes there. In fact, out of the 6% of our 
QI - sorry, 7% of other market sales, almost 6% was towards U.K. so out of the total sales of 
QL. And as far as Canada is concerned, we have been growing there, too, but it's been growing 
-- the inquiries also are flowing in. 
But its - please understand there will be no market, which is there right now to immediately 
replace or take a significant part of the largest market in the world for sure. It will take time. So 
its not something which is going to happen overnight or short term o like it will take quite some 
time. It will more than a year also to diversify to many other markets. 
And also the product portfolio also matters. The U.S. market, obviously, is not only the largest 
consumer of shrimp -- consuming nation, but also that market also has the most diversified 
product portfolio and the highest amount of value addition possible also is in that market. 
So - which is where our country as a whole, Asian countries as a whole, also our company also 
has been focusing more in the value addition front, mainly. So it will take time for us to diversify 
and move between markets. But definitely, we are working in that direction. 
And as we stated carlier, without the effect of the free trade agreement with UK. currently, 
where we - our product is still subject to tariff, because the free trade agreement with the UK. 
is likely to be completed by the end of this year, subject to the -- I mean, the passage of the 
agreement bill in the Parliament of United Kingdom. 
Once that is done, hopefully, from early next year, calendar year 2026, we should sce overall 
growth in the volumes to UK. also. But at the same time, the market of UK. is comparatively 
lower when you compare it to the European Union and definitely far lower and far lesser actually 
when you compare to USA or China and those markets. So definitely, we are working, and we 
are confident that we'll be able to pursue these markets in a nuch bigger manner to answer your 
question. 
Okay. One more question I had was on the supply side economics sir. So this tariff situation, 
there is a lot of chaos in the market. So how does you see for the next 
6 months, how the supply 
dynamics can impact or I just wanted to know how it can... 
Yes. First and foremost thing is at the supply situation, there are 2 issues. One is global 
uncertainties, which we mentioned in our opening remarks. There is also another point, which 
we also mentioned in our opening remarks is about the - on the disease front. So this year, there 
have been quite some issues on the disease front. 
And of course, there are - both central government and the state government authorities are 
working on disease management aspects. But end of the day, that is also a long drawn process. 
Page 10 of 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Moderator: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
So on the supply side, overall, we believe there's going to be a reduction in supply for 
I mean, 
we already have - we are already observing it over the past 1 month, 1.5 months. 
And we believe most likely till the end of this year, the supply may be a litle bit slower compared 
to what it was in the past years. Also because of the conservative approach of the farmers also 
and the primary producers also because of these global uncertainties and the tariffs impact. So 
we believe it may create a pause and kind of a little bit slow with regard to supply. 
But as more concrete steps are taken by our government as well as more positive announcements 
are made by the U.S. government, definitely, we look forward to farmers also going for good 
stockings. We did see that they have been quite well as far as stocking was concerned in the 
months of July and August. 
But at the same time, we have to see the disease part, which also could - would be playing a 
major role of how the supply will eventually pave out to be. So we also noticed some distress 
harvest happening as we speak. So because of the weather conditions, which are there with the 
cyclonic weather, which is there. 
So there are multiple factors, which are affecting the supply side, not just the global uncertainties 
because of tariff announcements from one country. So there are also some inherent issues, like 
I mentioned, within the -- I mean, at the farm level, whether it is disease, climate problem — I 
mean, weather problems and all that. So we are a little bit carefully observing. OF course, we 
continue to source our product even in a limited supply conditions currently. 
But we expect this to be continuing like this, maybe some improvement in supply should be 
there sometime in October or November, but well have to see eventually how it will be for the 
rest of the year. We believe there will be - there should - once the proper announcements are 
made from USA or when the uncertainties ease out, we believe there will be more active stocking 
by the farmers. 
And if they are supported by a good climate pattern, then - weather pattern, there should be 
success also in the crop. Most likely, that will be more for the early part of 2026. That's what we 
believe. 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Singh from S&S Capital. 
Okay. Sir, 
I have 3 questions. The first one being, what gives us the leverage with the current 
set of customers in U.S. that they are ready to absorb as high as 25% to 50% tariffs for us? 
Well, because they need a replacement product, most important point is that. Not all of them, 
again, as we stated time and again in the past - to the past earlier participants also. But for those 
customers who are not really looking at a ready replacement and an alternative source, they are 
willing to absorb these tariffs. 
Obviously, they are definitely going to charge. Whether they're going to charge the entire 50% 
or whether they are going to charge part of 
it to the consumer level, we are not aware, which is 
their metrics. We don't know how their metrics work. 
Page 11 of 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Abhishek Singh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
But end of the day, as stated, some of the customers who are looking forward for their product 
supply because they cannot really afford to have lack of supply. They cannot afford to have a 
shortage of supply and empty shelf space. So based on their needs and requirements, they are 
willing to absorb. 
And it could be for a limited volume or it could only be to the extent of the holiday sales 
requirements as we stated to an earlier participant. And it may eventually change towards the 
end of the year or the needs for carly next year, it may change. 
So for now, this is more of a -- we believe it will be more of a short-term scenario. But please 
understand the tariffs also will take time if the government - U.S. government changes its orders 
or they eventually change their decisions in due course because we are not yet charged with 50% 
tariffs, which will be more towards next - sorry, October 5 onwards arrival, most likely. So we 
would have an idea based on that. 
So we are only -- the customers will only absorb such tariffs only - if and only they are charged. 
They are not going to pay 25% or 50% just because there has been an announcement. They 
definitely would be willing to pay only if such a cost -- actually, if such a tariff is charged by the 
U.S. government. So that is still - it still taking time. most likely it will be towards the end of 
September and early October. So meanwhile, if there are decision changes, it could change also. 
Okay. Got it. So you're saying that the implementation is yet to happen, just that because of the 
talks, the scenario is not as of now favorable to us, but there's a possibility that the U.S. might 
just go back on what they were saying earlier? 
Well, that's what we have been observing on many other fronts. Yes. So we are not having any 
exclusive information, but that's what we see. Everybody is noticing the same. 
Got it. Okay. Sir, the second one is more like a follow-up on the previous question. How long 
does it normally take for us to complete one cycle, which means starting from the hatchery till 
the export, which is completely like delivered to the U.S. market? How long does this cycle 
take? Is it like 6 months or so? 
6 months. 
Okay. Got it. Moving to my second question is something similar to what earlier participants 
have asked. So I'm trying to consider the worst-case scenario where U.S. doesn't budge down on 
the tariffs. What are we as a company thinking of U.S. because U.S. is still around 40% of the 
revenue, 40% plus, if I say? Because some other companies where I have been secing what 
they're doing is, they are importing it through a market, which has favorable tariff to U.S. 
Like, for example, Vietnam, I think you said, has a lttle bit competitive, more favorable tariff 
compared to us. So are we thinking of such scenario? Or we are planning to diversify in such a 
way that U.S. share will go down and we'll start focusing on Europe because we recently got the 
approval? 
Page 12 of 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
We will be diversifying to all other markets. And Europe will be one of the major market for 
sure, among the rest of the markets. And that is how we will be doing. So I specifically did not 
understand your first part of your question where you said about Vietnam, they having lower 
tariff. I just did not get what you said. Sorry. Can you repeat? 
Yes, please. So what I was saying is that some other companies who have such kind of global 
supply chain, what they're doing is they have identified those markets, which have comparatively 
better tariffs compared to us, and they are opening a unit over there. 
For example, in our case, I think it is Vietnam, but you can correct me. And then from Vietnam, 
they have started supplying it outto U.S. So that way, the market stays with us, and we also get 
a better favorable rate compared to India. 
I do 1ot — sorry, we are not aware about any such entity who is doing that, the reason behind 
India being a preferred choice, let us say, in the U.S. market and being one of the largest 
exporting - shrimp-exporting nation to the U.S. is not just got to do with a factory or a facility. 
It's also got to do with competitive supply being available, workmanship, also - so in all — it's 
multiple factors. It is not like one company would place a factory or a facility in another country 
and they can do in the same manner. Anyway, we are not aware. 
As far as setting up a facility in some other country and trying to deal with the scenario, the 
industry scenario there, is altogether a different proposal, which our company has not considered 
any such or such proposal. 
And we would rather be focusing on diversifying as nuch as possible so that not only for now, 
as we stated carlier, even going into the near future, we would — if we can bring down our -- 
I 
mean, rather increase our non-U.S. sales to more than 50% non-U.S. sales, which could be any 
‘market inclusive, of course, dominated by the European Union, especially. 
In many other markets, we would want to increase it to more than 50% and grow it even further. 
If things, like you rightly said, in a worst-case scenario, if 
it continues to be like this, definitely, 
we will have to look out for many other avenues. But definitely, one such avenue s not what 
you stated, of setting up a facility in another country and trying to export from there. 
The market - our — its not customers alone. Its also the acceptability of the product. Please 
understand whether it is Vietnam or Indonesia, those products are still there. They are already 
there. Its not like there is a dread of facilities or shortage of any processing plants in those 
countries. 
It's -- but there are also supply constraints also in those countries, similar to how we have our 
own discase issues, they have their own problems. And for example, why Ecuador is still 
predominantly doing head-on shell-on whole product and not that are high volumes in the value 
addition or ready-to-cat products, which Asian countries do because there are - they have their 
own problems with regard to labor pool -- access to labor pool and workmanship and all that. 
Page 13 of 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Abhishek Singh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Dinesh: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
So that is how -- that is why they are predominantly doing their business with China or European 
Union, which are their 2 major markets in head-on shell-on category, whole shrimp, which 
means there wouldn't be any value addition. 
So similar way, I just gave you an example of how we would not be -- just because we set up a 
facility in another country, it doesn't mean that we'll still be able to retain our market. That has 
- this is not ~ in our products, that doesn't work. I don't - we are not aware anyway. If some 
other company is proposing to do like that, that could be their, in fact, individual company’s plan 
or strategy. 
Actually, the company which 
I was -- I mean, the company which I was referring to, it's not in 
the same sector as us. It's more like a separate sector altogether, but that's the approach what 
they were taking out. 
Just last question. 
I was reading somewhere that the government, the Andhra government is 
planning to start some marketing campaign where they are trying to do a seafood consumption 
boost within India like any CC, which we've done for the eggs, I believe. Are we seeing any 
such initiative going on ground because online, well see a lot of things, but on ground is 
something happening? 
Yes. On ground, the proposals are there by the government of Andhra Pradesh, but the sector — 
the processing sector has not really shown much interest into that because that's not an immediate 
solution and definitely, it will take more than a decade for any such plan really come up - such 
project to take off. 
And as far as our facilities are concerned, they are all geared up for export markets and the 
capacities what they are, the capabilities what are there. So on ground, the proposals have been 
muted by — that has not - that's more to do with the government department and the primary 
producer level at the farmer level. 
We do not know how they will eventually be taking up that task. That's more of trying to grow 
the consumption domestically, which we are not aware much about. But as we said, we are 
focused more on the export side. 
And we'll continue to focus on the export side because that is where the volumes and quality 
products from our facility are having a better demand, let us say. That's how I'll put it. Il not go 
into much details into that. 
‘We'll take the next question from the line of Dinesh, an Individual Investor. 
So my question is with respect to the margins, so - and the transportation costs, can you 
comment on that going forward, if we are focusing on shifting our shipments to outside U.S., 
then how would the transportation or other costs, which may impact our margins going forward? 
Any comments on that, please? 
Page 14 of 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Dinesh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Dinesh: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
Yes. Definitely, the transportation costs would be lesser compared to USA. Of course, depending 
on our volume to Canada, there could be some here and there, there could be a little - that is to 
those shipments only. 
But overall, when we grow our non-U.S. sales, and more to European Union, our transportation 
- our freight costs, like you rightly mentioned, they will be much lesser for sure comparatively. 
U.S. definitely has the most highest freight cost. So maybe 1 or 2 destinations of Canada are 
having similar freight cost, but for us, where we are mostly focused on European Union, the 
freight costs are far lesser compared to USA. 
Got it. Sir, one more question, which was earlier asked by another participant. So in adjacent to 
that. So government support, I mean, what kind of government support, which the shrimp 
industry as a whole is expecting? And I mean like do we have any positive confirmation that 
this will be definitely be brought in by government and which will improve our sales or margins 
or... 
Yes. As we -- I have stated earlier, various proposals have been given to the Ministry of 
Commerce. And that is whether it is related to freight assistance or whether it is related to 
increase in the indirect taxes being reimbursed because as of today, all the indirect taxes are not 
fully reimbursed to the industry. 
So on different fronts. So those proposals have been submitted. And that is being currently being 
deliberated between the Ministry of Commerce and Ministry of Finance. As and when we get to 
know, we will have that information. We will keep everybody informed for sure. And we are 
confident that when we know you will also know because it's all in the public domain. 
So there is support mechanisms have been - I mean, support plans have been proposed to them, 
both on the freight part, freight component, for example, for U.S. market or also reimbursement 
of other input - indirect taxes, also some on the financing part. But again, as we stated, there are 
different proposals given and such proposals eventually have to be confirmed by the respective 
ministries in the central government. 
Sir, what is our margin expectation for upcoming quarters, sir? I mean if you can throw us a 
picture. So are we expecting in the same lines or to improve or... 
Well, as far as margin expectations, we will -- I think we have been stating from the beginning, 
there are also uncertainties, which have been increasing with this tariff environment and supply 
situation, which has also changed, especially over the past few months with all these happening. 
But considering that our customers are willing to absorb part, some of the customers are willing 
to absorb the tariffs, but at the same time, here, the supply situation also, we'll need to see how 
it goes. But if the scenario is similar to how it was during Q1, obviously, the margin could 
maintain. 
But at the same time, you also have to keep in mind our costs, which are there, how much — to 
what extent we are able to bring down our costs, especially during this time when the supply is 
low, is also very vital and it is very important. 
Page 15 of 16

FA 
APEX 
Fhozin Faons 
Moderator: 
Chowdary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2025 
So we will be working in that direction also to minimize our cost to the best possible, and to 
maintain our margin -- current margins as it is. So we'll have to see because it's too much of 
uncertainties. I believe you should be able to understand in our various comments, which we 
have made - we have been making from the beginning of this call. Please understand on that. 
As there are no further questions from the participants, 
I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you one and all for making it to our quarterly investor call of Q1 FY 25 -- sorry, FY '26, 
and have a good day, and we'll keep you updated as and when any news is made available. Thank 
you. 
Thank you. On behalf of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 16 of 16
