
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“ZIM Laboratories Limited 
Q1 FY‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANWAR DAUD – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -- ZIM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHYAM MOHAN PATRO -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER -- ZIM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ZULFIQUAR KAMAL – DIRECTOR-FINANCE -- ZIM 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
C.D MAINDE – TECHNICAL DIRECTOR -- ZIM 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ZAIN DAUD – INVESTOR RELATIONS -- ZIM 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. DEEPIKA SHARMA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the ZIM Laboratories Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Deepika Sharma from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Deepika Sharma: 
Thank you, Vishakha. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call 
of ZIM Laboratories Limited. We have on the call Dr. Anwar Daud, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal, Director of Finance; Mr. Shyam Patro, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Zain Daud, Investor Relations. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be, therefore, viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company face. 
May I now request the management to take us through the financials and business outlook, 
subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anwar Daud: 
Thank you, Deepika. Good afternoon to everyone. This is Anwar Daud speaking. I just wish to 
add that along with me, we also have our Technical Director, Dr. C.D. Mainde. A warm welcome 
to all of you joining us today for ZIM Laboratories Limited's earnings conference call for the 
first quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
I trust you have had the opportunity to review our results and the earnings presentation available 
on the exchange. FY '26 has commenced in a period of both operational focus and external 
challenges. While we continue to advance our strategic priorities, the quarter also reflected softer 
order inflows in our innovation-led segment and the impact of an EU-GMP inspection. Let me 
begin by sharing some key performance highlights. 
 
In Q1 FY '26, ZIM reported a total operating income of INR718 million compared to INR818 
million in Q1 '25. EBITDA and PAT margins were impacted by lower top line and increase in 
depreciation and finance costs, resulting in a net loss of INR19 million against a profit of INR9 
million in the same quarter last year. 
 
Pharmaceuticals continued to be the cornerstone of our top line. The innovation-led basket 
comprising new innovative products and Oral Thin Films accounted for a lower share this 
quarter in addition to reduction in top line, primarily due to some deferments linked to 
geopolitical events in key markets in the Middle East. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
During the quarter, our facility underwent an EU-GMP inspection conducted ahead of schedule 
in preparation for the launch of our Oral Thin Films product in Germany. The inspection 
concluded with two critical observations and a few major observations. We have engaged 
external experts and are on track to submit our corrective and preventive action plan by August 
31, 2025. Post regulatory review and approval, implementation is expected to take at least six 
months. Our direct business presently, the exposure to the EU remains limited. 
 
On the regulatory and filings front, our development pipeline remains strong with 12 NIP 
products in progress, 8 of which have been filed in EU and the remaining nearing development. 
Our focus remains on exploratory product filing across markets while deepening partnerships in 
key geographies. 
 
In the quarter ahead, our priorities will be clear to close the EU-GMP CAPA process on 
schedule, sustain momentum in our base business and strengthen our innovation-led growth 
engine. While near-term headwinds persist, our diversified market presence, strong partnerships 
and disciplined execution position us to navigate these challenges and remain on track with our 
long-term growth strategy. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to Mr. Shyam Patro, who will walk you through the financial 
highlights for Q1 FY '26 in greater detail. 
Shyam Patro: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon to all our esteemed participants. Let me present the overall 
financial results for quarter one FY '26. 
 
The total operating income for Q1 stood at INR718 million, reflecting a decline of 12.3% year-
on-year basis. This degrowth was primarily driven by NIP orders not materialized due to the 
ongoing disruptions in the Middle East. Additionally, the contribution of the innovative products 
to the top line declined, impacting the supply challenges in the MENA region arising from the 
geopolitical instability. 
 
That said, our income from licensing is steadily progressing. And this quarter, we reached a 
revenue of INR40 million rupees from NIP license. On profitability, our EBITDA stood at 
INR57 million rupees with a margin of 7.9%, reflecting a 36.7% decline on year-on-year basis. 
 
The PAT came in at a loss of INR19 million rupees compared to the profit of INR9 million 
rupees last year, a margin of minus 2.6%. In terms of business mix, our Pharma segment 
contributed to around 78% of the revenue, while the Nutra contributed 22%, in line with our 
historical trend. The year-on-year drop in Nutra revenue was mainly on account of lower Nutra 
PFI business, particularly in the MENA region. 
 
Our export contributed INR602 million rupees, a decline of 15.2% year-on-year basis compared 
to INR709 million in Q1 FY '25, driven by lower innovative product contribution and supply 
challenges in MENA. On the other hand, our Indian business recorded robust growth of 30.2% 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
year-on-year, reaching INR100 million, aided by higher value-added value institutional 
business. 
 
The revenue contribution from NIP and OTF stood at INR46 million, comprising INR12 million 
from NIP and INR34 million from OTF, representing 6.2% of the operating income. Including 
license fees, the contribution stood at 12.9%. The licensing milestone payments from agreements 
of the innovative products across regions stood at INR48 million in Q1 compared to INR4 
million in Q1 last year. 
 
On the R&D front, the total of INR79 million was allocated in this quarter, focusing on product 
development, dossier upgrades and infrastructure. This includes INR19 million specifically for 
BE studies that is Bioequivalence studies and registrations to advance the innovative product 
pipeline. 
During the quarter, we made a progress in NIP product development and filing with eight 
products developed and filed in the EU. Our pipeline remains strong, and we continue to 
strengthen our presence in RoW as well as emerging countries while we await further assessment 
regarding our entry into the European region. Thank you. With this, I would like to open the 
floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
My first question is, if you can give us some sense about the kind of observation we have on the 
two critical and eight major and whether the data integrity issue is involved in this or not? And 
on the same line, we have already cleared EU-GMP twice. So, in your view, what has gone 
wrong this time in terms of processes or infrastructure? And what do we need to do to kind of 
get back to that EU-GMP approval status? And what is the cost involved? What are the steps 
that we need to take in terms of CAPA? If you can elaborate on that? 
Anwar Daud: 
Sure, Dhwanil, I think this question will be in most of the attendees mind. So, it deserves a good 
answer. So, none of the observations are on direct product quality issues. Most observations, 
including the critical pertain to documentation problems and to reliance on manual systems as 
judged by the inspectors who came this time. The last 3 inspections which we have faced, these 
observations were not there from the various inspectors who have come. We are trying to correct 
this in a phased manner through appropriate automation and electronic data handling wherever 
feasible. 
 
We will be ready with the CAPA plan in a month, and we are confident that we will have the 
CAPA plan complete within 6 to 9 months. So that's the idea. So we have some alternate plans 
as well. As we proceed, we can brief you about the plan. We do have a robust emerging markets 
and RoW business, and we continue to obtain registration. At this moment, as I have already 
said, the EU business is not part of the equation for, we don't have, won't have that much of an 
impact this year. That's not, we don't foresee that. Maybe I hope to some extent, it can clarify 
the question. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Right, it does. So, what's the cost that you think we'll like to spend money? 
Anwar Daud: 
It's mostly related to documentation. And of course, whenever you change your system of 
documentation and other things, definitely, there's a cost of training, cost of hiring consultants 
who will actually take the company through that process and purchase and implementation of 
the electronic systems, which will be procured and data management system. So that's not a very 
high cost because the questions were not on the facilities and the infrastructure that we have. It's 
on the excessive reliance on manual documentation as observed during this inspection, not 
before this. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. Sir, second question is since now... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. I will request you to get back to the question queue for follow-up 
questions as there are several participants waiting for the turn. Thank you. The next question is 
from the line of Mohit Jangir from InVed Research. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jangir: 
Yes, Hi, Good morning. We had asked in earlier concalls whether EU and U.K. inspection was 
compulsory or due for us. But in the earlier concall, the view of the management was that we 
are already approved for EU compliance. So was it a surprise inspection from the authorities? 
And will we keep on getting MAs from them even if we are noncompliant, even from U.K. 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. I'll let Dr. Mainde answer this because it's a little bit of a nitty gritty here. 
C. Mainde: 
This is Dr. Mainde, Good morning. U.K. is an independent entity and all submission after the 
Brexit are handled independently. So our U.K. program will not at all get affected by this 
inspection. However, we are, as Dr. Anwar, MD has mentioned, we will be ready with the 
CAPA. So that may not affect our actual financials for the EU business this year. 
Mohit Jangir: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the near-term guidance. As you clearly stated that your base 
business will not be affected. So what is the kind of growth that you are targeting in FY '26? 
And will there be any reduction in R&D costs pertaining to this EU-GMP noncompliance 
because the filings will be reduced from our end? 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: Good morning. This is Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal, Finance Director. So the guidance what we 
are giving right now is on the base business, which will continue as usual, and that will not have 
any impact as far as the regular business is concerned. The upside of EU was considered in the 
second and third quarter, then there may be chances there will be some shift from that to the next 
year. 
 
As far as the R&D cost is concerned, it will continue to be on the same lines. Our development 
and the filing will continue as per the same spending, what we are doing on the ratio in the 
previous year. Thank you. 
Mohit Jangir: 
Okay. Sir, my last question is on when we are filing that CAPA and the time line by when we 
will be compliant again? Thank you. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Anwar Daud: 
It will take us 6 to 9 months from our side. Now it all depends on, because whenever you have 
this kind of observation, usually, there is a reinspection. It depends upon when coming for the 
reinspection and, after that, we hope as far as the plan will be accelerated because we'll keep 
filing, we'll keep investing. We have a strong pipeline as well. So there's a delay, but the story 
continues. 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: Our filing will not get affected because we can file. Also, we are, officially, we are submitting 
the CAPA by end of this month. And as mentioned, within the next 6 months, we will get a 
reinspection. So that's our plan. So it is like that 8 to 9 months is a total time line for all activities. 
Mohit Jangir: 
Okay, Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam Gupta, an individual investor, please 
go ahead. 
Gautam Gupta: 
Yes. I wanted to ask that this time, we can see an operating deleverage because of Middle East 
issues. So when can we see an operating leverage? I mean at what income level quarter can we 
see an operating leverage to play out? 
Moderator: 
Kindly put your call on mute. 
Gautam Gupta: 
I wanted to ask that this time we can see an operating deleverage playing out because of the 
Middle East issues that we have faced, thereby resulting in a decrease in top line. When can... 
Anwar Daud: 
It's coming back to normal. It's coming back to normal. And in the next 2 quarters, we'll see the 
things evening out and come back. 
Gautam Gupta: 
When can we see an operating leverage to play out at what income level, top line level can we 
see from being a generic player to a branded generic player, margins usually go up to 16%, 18%, 
20%. When can we see that? 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: I think we are not able to, we are, as far as the specific guidelines of the brand and the market 
mix, as of now, the base business is continuing. And as we have discussed, our EU-only business 
has been a little bit impacted of the second, from the third quarter onwards. It may be shifted to 
next year. As far as the base business and regular business will continue as a generic. The 
formulation business will be started basically in Europe and emerging markets, which will be as 
per the existing product mix, which is going on. 
Gautam Gupta: 
okay, Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, The next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. Could you share the updates on the progress of the new innovative products, NIPs and 
their expected commercialization time lines? 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. So, we have been filing in various geographies. So RoW and emerging market is already 
ongoing, and we keep on reporting these milestones to you. The last milestone was receiving 
TGA approval for Tamsulosin + Dutasteride, one of our interesting products. I think years back. 
So that will continue. We are also, our partners are also filing in EU. What was the next question? 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
The expected commercialization time lines. 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. Most, anyway, most of the commercialization, excepting for the commercialization in U.K. 
were to take place in the last quarter of this financial year, okay? That shifted by 3 to 6 months. 
In '26 is what we are looking at the commercialization to happen. As we've already given this 
guidance the last time, it stands. Some of the milestones are delayed by 6 months approximately. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. And what proportion of the revenue this quarter came actually from the recently launched 
products? 
Anwar Daud: 
We don't give that minimal guidance actually. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
No, no, I'm not talking about the guidance. I'm talking about this quarter, whatever revenues we 
did, how much of it came from the recently launched products? 
Anwar Daud: 
Most of existing products, which the company has been producing them. So they are part of the 
revenue mix in the last several quarters. So if you ask about the new or recently launched, no 
new product has been launched in this quarter. 
 
They are being launched in new geographies. So that's a different question, and it has a different 
answer as well. So I don't have the mix with me, maybe in the next call, we can break that up 
for you. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And are there any partnerships or licensing deals in the pipeline? 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes, yes. Partnerships are continuing. The partnerships and the agreements are showing a strong 
traction. We are in discussing with various partners. They understand that the company has very 
interesting products, which can make a difference in their respective portfolios. We are in touch 
with them. Even during this period of the GMP inspection and everything, we have seen that the 
potential and existing clients have shown continued interest in the partnership with them. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
So even the setback of EU-GMP has not affected the clients or the other partnerships? 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. That seems to be the feeling, and that seems to be the, what should we call it?  
C. Mainde: 
That is the trust of all our partners that even a little bit setback due to this thing. All our partners 
are with us, and we are continuing our EU program, EU U.K. program with them. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
So the guidance with the company and for the? 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
I am sorry sir, kindly get back in the queue. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta 
from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
If we look at our company, the kind of transformation we have been looking in the company was 
expected to largely come from the NIP products directed towards the EU market. With this 
regulatory issue, I think this has been significantly pushed back. When do you expect to start 
selling some of the products from the plant, let's say, FY '27 second half? Or when do you 
practically expect to start supplying these products from there? 
Anwar Daud: 
This question has a different actually elements to it. You know that we already have a name. So, 
6 to 9 months when the re-inspection takes place after that, we'll be in a position to be in the 
market and all our partners continue to support us. That's number one. 
 
Then there are different methods of continuing business even in the EU and even in the other 
regulatory markets, such as shifting the products that already have MAs to alternate sites. We 
are also trying to look at those possibilities. We've already started speaking to different sites, 
which are EU and have other regulatory approvals as well. 
There is a third opportunity where the products which are in short supply in some markets, if the 
partners so wish, they can obtain special permission to supply to special approvals for such 
products, and the supplies can continue if the partners are willing to trigger these kind of 
approvals. So these are the 3 kind of proactive measures that the company is planning to take, 
and we have received some positive feedback from some of our partners on being able to do 
these things with us. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So are you referring to some of the products like pancreatic but for that, I think MA is yet to be 
received, right? 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. 105 days as per our calendar, 105 days response from the EU has been received. And 
hopefully, by end of this month, our response will be filed. And as the product has priority, it 
will not get affected to grant MA. That is for this thing. And our other program, as I mentioned 
in the beginning, that our U.K. program, as the U.K. is a separate entity from the Brexit, it will 
not get affected. So the product in the shortage will go ahead will go ahead. If we get MA, the 
marketing will be happened for that product. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, sir. Sir, second question was on our existing NIP plus OTF and the base business. So this 
quarter, we have seen significant pressure even on our NIP plus OTF product that we sell in our 
existing markets like India and Middle East. So what is the reason for that? When do you expect 
to come back to INR15 crores, INR20 crores of quarterly run rate on that front, as well as on our 
base business? 
Anwar Daud: 
The geopolitical thing can be described in a little more detailed manner, just for everybody's 
understanding as well. There was basically a lot of these aerospace problems in supplying to the 
Middle East for some time. For a month, most of our PMI products actually go through air.  

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
So, money transfer, availability of LG, as well as the airspace problems, existed for some time. 
The material was ready, but dispatch was not possible. So after that, things have started kind of 
easing out. And we have supplied some of the products which couldn't go in the last quarter. But 
it's ongoing. And we are looking forward to the compensation taking place in the next 2 quarters. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So we should see improvement in the sales in our... 
Anwar Daud: 
That's our expectation. 
Moderator: 
Than you,  The next question is from the line of, Rajat an independent investor. 
Rajat: 
So, Dr. Anwar, I see like we are putting almost 7% to 8% of our revenue into R&D. And also, 
we are developing a lot of NIP and new products into the market. But still numbers are very 
weak. I'm not able to see any significant contribution of our effort into the revenue. So, could 
you please explain on that? 
Anwar Daud: 
Of course, I mean, I'm sure you follow pharmaceutical companies, our products get developed 
over a period of time. We are only 3 years in the market. So, expenditure into these products 
have been there, and the development also includes Bioequivalence and registration filings. All 
these things take a time. There is a big cycle. 
And we are nearing the maturation of that cycle for some of our products. In about 9 to 12 
months, you will find products, everything going well, of course, you will find many of these 
products entering several markets, including the regulated one, hopefully. So, it's a cycle issue 
rather than any other issue because this is a company transitioning itself into regulatory markets 
and regulatory space. 
 
As you must have heard Dr. Mainde speaking about 105, 108 days, 110 days, and then the reply. 
All these things take their own time. We are ready with the product, of course, but the filing and 
there are sometimes the queries require an answer where at least a month or 1.5 months is spent 
in providing more detail if they are required by the regulatory agency. 
As you know, there is more and more, there has been more and more regulatory tightening all 
across the globe on all these filings. So it's not new to us. Unfortunately, for us, the entire the 
work that we have done in the last 5 years is just entering that phase of an interesting phase for 
the company. And we are waiting, and we have partners who also believe in us. 
 
So it's not just the Laboratory, which is filing the products, the partners are also filing. 
Sometimes we depend on them to have their approvals in place, and then we have to depend on 
them to file the products. 
Rajat: 
Thank you for the detailed explanation. And it's very heartening to see that we are getting so 
many approvals in the oxygen market, and I want to congratulate you all for them. That's all 
from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyam Vadera from Profitmart Securities. 
Satyam Vadera: 
Yes. Actually, I have a couple of questions. Which segment showed the highest growth in Q1, 
and what drove the performance? And my second question is, how did the export market perform 
this quarter compared to domestic market? Also, are there any new product launches or 
regulatory approvals contributing significantly in Q1? 
Anwar Daud: 
I think the export formulation showed the highest growth. ODS business has shown a very 
interesting upward traction in export as well as in the institutional domestic business. 
Government business in general is showing double actually. So, all interesting things happening, 
NIP products are doing well in the domestic market as well. 
Satyam Vadera: 
And are there any new launches or regulatory approvals that will be contributing? 
Anwar Daud: 
Some regulatory approvals took place. We have reported them. PGA approvals have taken place. 
There are some approvals in the African and the Middle Eastern markets as well. But from time 
to time, we keep on disclosing these. So, I probably shouldn't take your time on that. We 
frequently come and make these things public. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. 
Rohit: 
Hi, Good morning Just a few questions, sir. One was, we bought the MA for Tamsulosin from 
the Australian authorities. Given this EU-GMP issue. So, does that have an impact on the sales? 
Anwar Daud: 
Dr. Mainde will give you an answer because we are taking personal care of this. 
C. Mainde: 
Actually, if you see this is a very unique product, and the Australian government is very 
scientifically evaluated, and we got the approval here. Of course, we can say that a little bit 1 or 
2 months, it can be affected due to this thing. But we are finding the TGA approved site.  
Already, we are negotiating with them. So, we can transfer our product to that particular TGA-
approved site, which will take 3 months for the approval. So, we can have a chance to market 
this product this year, maybe in the last quarter. That is what we are thinking in a very optimistic 
way. 
Rohit: 
And sir, I mean just on the opposite side of this, if you were to take a rather pessimistic view, 
then what are the challenges on the other side? I mean, just to get. 
Anwar Daud: 
The optimistic as well as the pessimistic view is that ZIM has filed this through its subsidiary, 
through its partner. The idea always was to license it to the right partner. Those discussions, 
even after we received the approval, those discussions were ongoing because there were 2 or 3 
partners who were intensely negotiating with us. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
That negotiation will be over in a month or 1.5 months. So, in that sense, we have not lost time 
because of any issues. And once those negotiations are over, whichever partner takes it up will 
need at least 3 or 4 months to prepare for the launch. 
 
So, I think there is some loss of time in the product being in the market, but it's not a very large 
impact because, for this product in Australia because there were no agreements, and we don't 
have feet on the street in Australia. We always intended to out-license it. Now we'll be selling 
the MA after we conclude our agreement with the partner. And as I said, there are 2 or 3 partners 
already in discussion with us. 
Rohit: 
Okay. So, if that concludes, then we have the option of manufacturing it from... 
Anwar Daud: 
We are taking all proactive measures. I mean, we are trying to mitigate this. And I think we have 
that capability to mitigate these kinds of events. 
Rohit: 
I think also in response to an earlier question, you said there are 3 options. One is you can transfer 
the site to an EU-GMP approved -for your other MA products.  
                                                So, sir this 2-part question. One is, is it something that our partners are telling us because we 
would -- I mean, they would have had their own plans of launching these products wherever 
we've got the approval. 
Anwar Daud: 
So... See, if you see our filing and our partnerships have already been listed, most of the 
partnerships actually are quite decent. If you see once upon a time, the agreement would take 
place the moment the product was ready. But there would be co-development. 
Now in Europe, the trend is for the product to be ready and even find when the partner becomes 
interested and start discussing the agreement with us. So, most of the agreements we have at this 
moment are in the last 3 or 4 quarters. And as these agreements are quite recent, the filings also 
are quite recent. They are not more than 6 to 8 months old. 
 
Yes. So, they are ongoing filings. For example, the filing for Tamsulosin is about 1.5 years. So, 
it's a very early time at this moment as far as is concerned for the filing. And there's always a 
window. 
And as Dr. Mainde said that there's an alternate site within 3 months, we can have as an 
additional site and continue to provide the product to the client. And there are other clients as 
well, if they are in a position to launch, although it's early, I would say they will take a little bit 
of time, excepting for the U.K. law, which could come this year, as Dr. Mainde said. 
All other filings by the time the MAs come in, we would either be ready with our own premises 
successfully complied or we would have an alternate site side. If not us, then most of the 
agreements that we have signed, the partner also have their own preferred sites, and we are 
discussing with them. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
C. Mainde: 
I would like to just mention one thing as earlier, Dr Daud has mentioned. We are writing a CAPA 
and we are very much confident that within the 8 to 9 months, we will come back because our 
deficiencies are not related to any product-related deficiency. They are just deficiencies that are 
related to the manual system of handling the documents. 
 
That's all. So we have to just put that electronic this thing, electronic system. So it's not very 
serious thing, which you can see from the time to time, you can see that also in the progress. 
Rohit: 
Okay. Sir, actually, my question was specific to the MA that we've already received and where 
the partnership is already in place. 
 
Because our partner would have also made some arrangements, right? I mean, because you 
already had the EU-GMP, it was, one would have thought there would not be any issues. Of 
course, I mean there could be, I mean, contingencies are never known. So I understand... 
Anwar Daud: 
That we have at this moment are our own MAs, which are, I don't know, last time many of the 
participants who are there also visited our site. This is a callback for that. We don't believe in 
being in, at this moment and being in Europe on our own, with our own MA and distribution 
system. 
Obviously, we are so new that we don't foresee being there with its own MA and distributing 
the products. So there is no, there are very few MA, there is some Oral Thin Film MAs, which 
are obtained by the partner. There is no MA which I know of the NIP product, which partners 
because he is in a position to launch. 
Rohit: 
No, for sure, sir. No, I understand that very well. And my only question was, sir, like if, let's say, 
Neuraxpharm, which we are partnering with, which you publicly announced. 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. They have shown an inclination to launch their product in the last two quarters of '26. Year 
'26. So that's the information we have. They are preparing a big launch strategy, but they will be 
launching it in the last two quarters of '26. Financial year '26. So probably they wouldn't have 
that impact. 
Rohit: 
Financial year, which is Q3 and Q4 for us, right? Essentially? 
Anwar Daud: 
Not all. 
Rohit: 
So in that sense, that product does not have any impact as such. 
Anwar Daud: 
Exactly. 
Rohit: 
Got it. So from your... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, may I request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions as the -- 
other participants. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Rohit: 
Yes. I ill join ma am. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from Samatva Investments. 
Rohit: 
Good afternoon, sir, thank you for the opportunity a couple of questions. The first question, do 
we have any direct or indirect exports to Iran at this point of time? 
Anwar Daud: 
We are exporting to several customers in the Middle East. So we are not, because of 
confidentiality reasons, we are not in a position to know exactly who is using because there are 
very large markets from Dubai. Like Yemen, like Iraq, Iran is also there. So we are not in a 
position. We try to verify as much as possible there. Of course, you know that under the Geneva 
Convention, and pharmaceuticals are not covered by any sanction anywhere in the world. All 
our exports are... 
Rohit: 
Sir, how much Middle East as an overall in the basket, how much would that contribute to our 
revenue? And how much did we lose because of the air space being shut? 
Anwar Daud: 
We are seeing some turbulence and disturbances, which are periodic and temporary. I don't think 
we'll lose anything because the business is quite sticky. It's the legacy business of the company, 
which has remained in all things. Middle East has been in this political turmoil not today only 
when the intensity has increased, but since the last 35 years. 
So we haven't seen, because of the stickiness of the business, we haven't seen any decrease. 
We've always increased the business. We don't foresee any accepting for temporary 
disturbances, any permanent effect on the business. 
Rohit: 
Sir, my second question is if, so this EU-GMP assume in a worst-case scenario, if we don't get 
it within the six to nine months, are there any penalties that we have to pay to our partners? Or 
are there any penalties if the EU-GMP doesn't come through? 
Anwar Daud: 
They launch the product. There is hardly any product in the EU with the company hand. And at 
this moment, not only do we have a backup strategy to have our own MAs and other things, but, 
this is not something which is unique to laboratories, many companies get these kind of 
observations and they come out of it in due course of time. 
 
Fortunately, our is not really infrastructural or quality related. So that's at least the positive side 
of it that none of these NIP product which are so complex to develop and supply are, those have 
not been shown to have any effect or quality issue. 
So we are heartened by that because those were also, during the inspection, those were also 
touched upon and verified. So at least that story, I would say is very strongly there. And 
regarding the, I think I lost a little bit of my track there. What was the question again, please? 
Rohit: 
Is there are any penalties on the -- because of the EU-GMP... 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Anwar Daud: 
No. No. No. I was saying there are no penalties. All agreements have the clause for ZIM being 
able to supply from alternate sites. In case ZIM is not able to get a successful alternate site, then 
there are provisions on certain terms and conditions to provide the technology transfer to the 
partner to alternative sites of their choosing, which is also an option for them because that will 
trigger technology transfer fee. 
 
So these are all opportunities. We are looking at all of them as opportunities, which can open up 
as time passes. At this moment, we are clear and very focused on getting the CAPA in place and 
implementing it. So CAPA is looking for alternate sites of our own where the product can be 
transferred with full confidence. 
Rohit: 
Sir just the Middle East number, what is it as an overall percentage of our revenues right now? 
Anwar Daud: 
30%, approximately. 
Rohit: 
And last year, what would be the number, similar? 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. 
Rohit:                                      Thank you sir, all the best.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Chatterjee from Ageless Capital. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Yes. I have just two questions. So one is when you mentioned about the two critical failures like 
that has been mentioned by EUGMP, and you say that it is all related to process and facilities, 
nothing related to product quality issues. So then why are they being classified as critical? 
So if you don't get the approvals, like as you mentioned that you have a technology transfer, 
everything in place, so then what will be your guidance for your future product launch, especially 
the ones that have been approved, the four products that have already got MA. 
C. Mainde: 
Yes. I would like to mention here that you mentioned that we have two critical. See, first of all, 
the critical observations are given where we need to have a go for the re-inspection. In our case, 
we are using a manual system for the documentation. 
 
And in current GMP practices and all these things, manual system is accepted. But particularly 
at this moment, considering our lot of products going to the EU and a lot of critical product 
going to EU. The German auditors who visited they've taken a view that it will be better to have 
an electronic regulatory system. 
So their major objections are to the data entry in a manual way. So that is the observation they 
given. So because this -- this is the observation, which can say that your data has to be 
electronically entered. We have not received any observation particularly to the failure of our 
product. We have eight products submitted to you. No observation regarding any product quality 
issues or any of the subsequent issue related to stability or logistics. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
So that's why we had engaged an external consultant who has got extensive experience on this 
type of activity. So we are very much sure. And of course, another way this thing, every company 
in their tenure has some sort of such noncompliance for a short time. So this is a usual activity. 
Also you yourself mentioned that we are gearing, we are making a risk mitigation strategy where 
we are also getting it to another alternative side. So in the future, we will have a more robust 
system and which will not affect our financials in future. So we are already on that line now. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
So what is the alternative side? 
C. Mainde:  
That we cannot disclose at this moment to you. Once we finalize everything, then only we can 
disclose. 
Anwar Daud: 
The company is highly compliant, and we keep on making these disclosures as and when the 
time is appropriate. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
And sir, my second question is on, the Middle East business has always been quite volatile. Like 
last year also, we had seen that these issues take up in the first quarter results. And then you had 
mentioned that you are taking some strategies also like Forex management and all. So could you 
give a bit of highlight into those what exactly are 
C. Mainde: 
Only in the first quarter, we have seen a little bit of traction. Things have been now sorted out. 
The second and third quarter, we are able to compensate everything. And on the Forex front, it 
is on the favorable side. So as of now, there is no major worry on that angle. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Deven Choksey PMS. The participant has 
dropped out. I'll take the next question. So the next question is from the line of Jasmeen Kaur 
from Fortuna PMS. 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Sir, regarding the MA for the NIP products, we have, in EU, we currently have two, but there 
are many other filings that are there already in place. So with the current compliance issue that 
we are facing, sir, are the MA s time line also going to get affected? What is your view on that? 
C. Mainde: 
I would like to tell you the grant of the MA is not at all affected by this inspection. The marketing, 
actually marketing of the product, sales of the product may get affected, may get affected, but 
not MA. MA will continue to grow. 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Okay. So for the balance NIP we can see the MAs coming. 
C. Mainde: 
Yes. 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Okay. Sir, you also mentioned in a previous participant question that for Neuraxpharm 
partnership, we are expecting that the launch will happen in the second half of the current 
financial year. But ultimately, sir, the manufacturing 
Anwar Daud: 
Calendar year '26. Calendar year '26. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Calendar year '26. 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. They have actually postponed this by, they have already postponed it by 6 to 8 months 
because they have a big launch plan, but I think they were preparing for this. They have filed a 
few variations also in the MA. They are waiting for the variations to be approved. The MAs are 
there. They filed some variations on those MA as well. 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Okay. Because ultimately, the manufacturing of those will be in your plant only, right? I mean 
once they launch it. 
Anwar Daud: 
That's right. That's right. It will be in our plant. Hopefully, we'll be in time to for their launch 
because the launch is a little delayed by them, not by us. 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Okay. Sir, one more thing on, say, your UAE partnership with global pharma, sir, how is that 
coming along? And how is that fair so far? 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: Yes. So this is Zulfiquar Kamal. So the global pharma partnership is well within, going on very 
nice. We have already, they have filed around five products, and we have received the MA in 
their name and we have received the first order, and we expect it to complete the order within 
this month or in the second quarter. 
Jasmeen Kaur: 
Okay. Sir, any quantification on... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Miss Jasmeen. I will request you to join back the queue for follow-up 
questions. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Deven Choksey PMS. 
Mohit Jain: 
Yes. Sir, you mentioned in the last question that you had two critical inspection which was 
shown. And one you are saying that it's mainly because of manual data, which needs to be done 
electronic. This is one or both the critical information which has come over is regarding this 
only because that sound critical... 
Anwar Daud: 
Both of them critical related to the manual, over dependent on manual documentation. Both the 
critical are actually dependent on that. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay, both. So my question is, my second question is on the follow-up on this. So if you need 
to reject the manual things to be done electronically, and I guess you'll also be hiring a few 
external experts and all. What would be your total cost in the next six months in terms of, if you 
could quantify it, just on the cost that would be spent just on rectifying these issues? 
Anwar Daud: 
We have just started. But companies like us actually, we, every year, we invest in upgradation 
of our facilities and our infrastructure, our systems. This is something which because of the last 
three inspections, we thought was not that important for the inspector. But I think it will be in 
the budget that we already have. I mean we don't need any extra budget to any extra standout 
expense. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
We have a consultant. We have always had consultants this time maybe this consultant will 
specialize in helping us in the electronic data and adopting. And in fact, in the end, it could result 
in some savings as the overdependence on manual system is reduced. Perhaps it would help to 
actually control the manpower and man hour which we spend on documentation would be 
reduced. So it could lead to some efficiencies as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sai Das an individual investor. 
Sai Das: 
Actually, let me just ask this. So now you say that you can basically source your, those products 
that you have from third parties. I mean, assuming that you don't get the GMP on time. So once 
you, let's say, source it from third parties, do you need another kind of any kind of an approval, 
regulatory approval or once you source it, it can just go ahead? That's my question. 
C. Mainde: 
Yes. Here, what we are doing, we are not going to any new party. We are going to the party who 
has already approval of that particular agency. Once the party has got approval for that agency, 
then we have to just take some technology transfer to that particular site. And we have to submit 
what we call the validation data. 
Once we have submitted this thing, they generally approved the product. If we have not made 
any changes in whatever we grant, if we adopt same process, everything, it's a matter of 3 to 4 
months only. It is not much variation but variation has to file. 
And it is a minor variation of the site chain if the site is already approved by that particular 
agency. We have got the MA for Tamsulosin + Dutasteride from TGA Australia. And now we 
are finding out the site which has already been approved by the TGA.  
So, this involves only the product transfer and that product is also sellable. Whatever the batches 
we take for the technology transfer, the batches are sellable. So, this is something which doesn't 
affect much of this thing. 
Sai Das: 
Okay. Then can we say that these three to four months of data validation, which you are saying 
is going to be a minor issue, not an issue, minor process. So, this can basically blend well into 
our time lines since we already have a six-month time line to start our -- I mean supply for 
whatever supply blend... 
Anwar Daud: 
Yes. It looks like that, although we are not giving that guidance as yet. We are saying we are 
delayed by 6 to 9  months. But the processes are, they come a little late. So probably in the end, 
we might end up with a few months loss at the most. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sujit Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Sujit Agarwal: 
Sujit Agarwal here. And I just had two questions. The first question was related to the 
commercialization of tech transfer. Like how exactly will the commercialization work? What 
kind of, will we get a one-time fee? Will we get a recurring fee? Will it be royalty based? I just 
wanted to understand a little bit about that. 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
C. Mainde: 
Yes, I will just explain you. We are not transferring our product to anybody. What we are going 
to do, we will have a toll manufacturing or contract manufacturing arrangement. There are many 
facilities which are approved by the particular agencies, EU, TGA or MHRA, but they do not 
have any products. So what they does, they accept the product. And they charge the toll 
manufacturing fee or what we call the conversion fee, conversion fee. So it is the same amount 
what we are also incurring in the field for our manufacturing, slightly here and there will be 
there. 
Sujit Agarwal: 
So like in terms of margins effectively, can we still generate like, let's say, like 15-odd percent 
EBITDA margin on this? Like, I mean, in terms of gross margin. 
C. Mainde: 
We will look after in a different way. Our NIP product has a, we already give the scope of that. 
So it will not affect overall to the costing of the product. 
Sujit Agarwal: 
Got it, got it. And just wanted to understand, the second question was regarding the fact that our 
H2 revenue has been deferred quite a bit. So like I just wanted to understand like year-on-year, 
like will we still have, will we still be able to achieve a revenue of, let's say, around INR380 
crores, INR390-odd crores. And like how will the debt repayment look like going ahead? 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: Yes. So as we have mentioned in the earlier part of the call that our revenue, the EU revenue 
upside has been pushed for the, in the next year, next financial year. The rest of our base business 
remains the same. The overall guidance remains the same as far as the base business is 
concerned, and we will be able to achieve similar growth what we have achieved last year on 
the base business. 
And as far as the debt repayment is concerned, we have already, the gearing is much under 
control. It is around 0.47 that is 47% of the equity. And the DCR again remains the same. It is 
around quite comfortable. And we have been able to do the commitment for the revenue 
repayments for the coming year with the last year basis with similar growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. 
Rohit: 
Yes. Sir, just two questions again. So one was on Mr. Kamal sir's statement just now. So sir, last 
year, we saw some degrowth in the base business. So like we did around INR305 crores, INR306 
crores ex of the OTF and IP business that we had. So do you see those kind of levels this year? 
Or do you see a growth on that given whatever challenges you've seen in Q1? 
And sir, second question on the EU. So I think one part of our strategy was that we will use the 
MA in other markets also, which is what we did last year around INR70-odd crores of revenue. 
So how do you see this year, excluding Europe, which is delayed by, say, two quarters or so, 
how do you see that business, which we did INR70-odd crores in the first financial year 25? So 
what is the growth how are you thinking... 

 
 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: No. So the NIP product business for other than EU market that is in the RoW market will 
continue as it is. And there is also some growth in the base business as well as on the NIP 
business from the other emerging and RoW markets. As we have already mentioned in the 
previous calls that we are filing our NIP products in other markets. 
 
So that market, they are not directly dependent on EU supplies and we can have a specific 
country-wise inspection, which is already there, and we can supply the goods to other markets, 
except the EU part. Only the EU upside has been postponed. The base business and the NIP 
business in RoW market have strong, we are getting the strong signals, and we'll be able to 
continue to supply there. 
Rohit: 
And sir, on the base business, how do you see that ex of NIP in the RoW markets? 
Zulfiquar Murtaza Kamal: It will start picking up from the Q2, and we'll be able to give the exact guidance post H1. 
Rohit: 
Okay sir, Thank you. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Anwar Daud: 
Thank you for the opportunity to be able to present our report. And I think we have answered 
and we look forward to your support in the coming months as well. We remain confident on the 
product and the overall strategy that we have. Maybe a little bit of delays due to the inspection 
as well as some geopolitical reasons. 
But this is part of every organization's journey as well. In general, there is no market which can 
be called stable at this moment, including the regulated market. So it's something which every 
business, every pharmaceutical business as well as the non-pharmaceutical businesses are 
facing. 
As an organization and as a country, we remain optimistic about the results that we will be, and 
the performance that we will be able to deliver to our shareholders and stakeholders in the 
coming days. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors and ZIM Laboratories 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
