 
 
18th August, 2025  
 
To, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
BSE Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400051 
Mumbai – 400001 
NSE Code – JGCHEM
BSE Code – 544138
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam,  
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Financial Performance for the 1st 
Quarter ended June 30, 2025 held on Tuesday, August 12, 2025  
Further to our letters dated August 12, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we are enclosing the transcript of the earnings conference 
call for the Financial Performance of the 1st Quarter ended June 30, 2025 held on August 12, 
2025 at 11:30 a.m. (IST) 
This information will also be available on the Company’s website at www.jgchem.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.G.Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Swati Poddar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
SWATI 
PODDAR
Digitally signed by 
SWATI PODDAR 
Date: 2025.08.18 
17:14:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“JG Chemicals Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANIRUDH JHUNJHUNWALA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, 
JG CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ JHUNJHUNWALA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CFO,  
JG CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GM ACCOUNTS & FINANCE, 
JG CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHIRAL SHAH – PHILLIP CAPITAL (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call of JG Chemicals Limited hosted by PhillipCapital Private Client 
Group.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiral Shah from PhillipCapital PCG desk. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir.  
Dhiral Shah: 
Thanks, Huda. Good morning, all. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client Group, 
I will welcome you all to the maiden Q1 FY '26 Earning Conference Call of JG 
Chemical Limited. 
Today from the Management, we have Mr. Anirudh Jhunjhunwala – Managing 
Director and CEO of the Company; Mr. Anuj Jhunjhunwala – the Whole-Time 
Director and CFO of the Company; and Mr. Amit Agarwal – the GM  Accounts and 
Finance. 
I thank to the Management of JG Chemicals to allow us for hosting this call. And 
now without further ado, I hand over the conference to Mr. Anirudh Jhunjhunwala. 
Thank you so much. And over to you, sir.  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Good morning. Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and a very warm welcome 
to JG Chemicals First Earnings Call today. This is for Q1 FY '26. I would like to 
thank all of you today for joining us. 
For those who may not be aware about the Company much and may be new to 
our Company, let me begin with giving you a brief overview of the Company's 
activities followed by our performance for the quarter and then some key 
operational highlights. And then the floor would be open for questions. 
JG Chemicals today is India's largest manufacturer of Zinc Oxide and amongst the 
top five globally, and also the country's leading Zinc recycling Company. We 
primarily serve industries such as rubber, tyres, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, 
ceramics, paints, lubricants, animal feeds and nutrition, amongst a wide variety of 
other industries.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
Geographically, we are very well diversified with customer base across India and 
also exports to over 10 countries, including the regions in Southeast Asia, Europe, 
and Middle East. We cater to over 200 domestic customers and more than 50 
international clients. This includes 9 of the 10 top global tire companies and also 
all the 10 Indian leading  tyre companies.  
Our manufacturing infrastructure includes three advanced plants across West 
Bengal and Andhra Pradesh today with a combined capacity of about 70,000 
metric tons per annum of Zinc chemicals. 
We just announced yesterday a fourth facility in Dahej, Gujarat, as you may be 
aware. More details on the same would be given by our CFO, Anuj, in due course. 
Unlike many other chemicals in which there is a standard globally accepted grade, 
in Zinc oxide, there is no one-size-fits-all formula. Each customer has a different 
specification for the product, and it has to be tailor-made completely for their 
requirements. Currently, the Company is producing over 80 specialized grades of 
Zinc oxide.  
Our Naidupeta facility, which is our largest facility today, is globally recognized as 
the only IATF-certified zinc oxide plant, and we are also WHO GMP approved. This 
enables us to cater to regulated and very quality-conscious industries like 
pharmaceuticals and cosmetics. 
In the pharmaceutical and healthcare space, we are catering to few very large 
global names who are working solely with us as their global supply partners. Due 
to a NDA being in place, we are unable to share more details and names for the 
same. 
Now coming to sustainability and recycling. These two aspects remain key pillars 
of our growth strategy today. We are actively evaluating several exciting 
opportunities in the recycling space that align with our core strengths. These 
initiatives will not only support long-term business expansion but also reinforce our 
commitment to ESG. 
Additionally, we are also investing in the development of new products tailor-made 
for our existing tyre customers and industry. R&D efforts are already underway 
and these initiatives perfectly align with our objective of increasing the content per 
tyre. This further deepens our value proposition in this critical segment.  
We intend to expand our presence very aggressively into the non-rubber market 
also and expect to increase the share of non-rubber products from the current 15% 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
to over 30% over the next four to five years. The Company is planning to undertake 
Greenfield and Brownfield expansions for the same.  
However, we would like to once again reiterate that the Company feels there is 
ample and enough opportunity for growth in the tyre segment due to the shift from 
unorganized and smaller vendors of Zinc oxide to large producers like JG today. 
JG has continued to grow and gain market share in the tyre segment, and we 
expect this momentum to continue in the future also.  
Now speaking a little bit about our main segment, which is the global tyre segment. 
The global tyre industry is today undergoing an important structural shift with 
manufacturing gradually moving towards cost-efficient regions like India. Driven by 
the need to optimize cost and enhance supply chain stability and visibility, it may 
not be out of place to mention that today India's Tyre export is almost Rs. 25,000 
crores in FY '25 vis-a-vis only Rs. 14,000 crores in FY '21.  
Automotive industry, as we all know, is amongst the key pillars of India's 
manufacturing and economic growth, contributing significantly to India's GDP. 
India is today the third-largest automobile market in the world. We are, at JG, very 
confident of our long-term growth strategy, supported by strong demand visibility, 
high entry barriers, and our leadership in sustainable Zinc recycling technology.  
With this brief overview, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Anuj Jhunjhunwala, to 
share with you financial highlights of the quarter and also more details on our 
capital expenditure plans going forward. Over to you, Anuj. 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join this 
call this morning. 
I will begin by giving you a brief overview of our CAPEX plans, our financial 
performance, and some other operational highlights.  
I am pleased to share with you that yesterday our Board has approved the 
Greenfield capital expenditure of approximately INR 100 crores fully funded 
through internal accruals for a 40,000 metric ton per annum Zinc chemicals facility 
at Dahej, Gujarat. This facility has the potential to generate INR 900 crores in 
revenue. 
We have successfully acquired 11.43 acres of land at Dahej for this Greenfield 
expansion. This strategically located site will serve as a state-of-the-art 
manufacturing hub helping us expand our footprint in Western India. Even after 
the phased expansion of the Zinc chemicals portfolio, the land parcel will offer 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
sufficient surplus area for future products and new product lines which the 
Company will evaluate in due course. 
Additionally, we have acquired a 2.96 acres land parcel adjacent to our existing 
Zinc oxide and Zinc sulphate facility in Naidupeta for future Brownfield expansion 
plans into advanced recycling products. Importantly, our current capacity at 
Naidupeta plant is sufficient to meet all anticipated demand for the coming year till 
the Gujarat plant gets commissioned. 
JGC is confident of growth in overall sales volume and over the next few years 
driven by expansion into new geographies, strategic investments in product mix 
diversification, moving up the value chain and launch of new specialty grades, 
which is focused on solving the needs of our customers.  
This customer-centric approach will help JG in the long term. As the Company 
scales into higher margin, higher growth segments, it continues to demonstrate 
discipline in capital allocation and agility in responding to evolving market 
conditions.  
Now, coming to the numbers for this current quarter: 
Our consolidated total revenues for the current quarter stood at INR 221.4 crores 
and the EBITDA was INR 23.2 crores and the profit after tax was INR 16.35 crores. 
On the operational front during the quarter, the Company continued to witness 
good demand across all end-user industries. With a favorable monsoon seasonal 
outlook, we expect demand to remain strong in the upcoming quarters. Our 
continued focus on adding new customers across different applications has helped 
expand our overall customer base and drive our sales momentum.  
With this, we can now open the floor for the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Rajvi Shah, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajvi Shah: 
Sir, my question was, what are the complexities which are faced in handling the 
scrap? And from where do you source technology? And how is it compared to your 
Chinese and American players?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Thank you for the question. So, as the name suggests, it is a scrap. So, whenever 
you are dealing with the scrap, it is not homogenous, it is not uniform, and it is not 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
similar from each plant. The name scrap itself means that it is different kinds. There 
are various shapes, sizes, purity, impurity levels, etc. in these scraps.  
 
Now, to handle scrap, to manufacture grades, which are highly pure and also with 
low levels of impurity, you need a technology which is Intellectual Property to the 
Company which it has developed over the last two decades. The right chemistry 
and the recipe has been built by us over the years depending on various R&Ds 
and sustainability initiatives that we have done over the last two years.  
 
The trick is ensuring that we are able to produce these 80 plus grades by using 
wide variety of scraps which is available at our plant. Hence, this now has become 
one of the biggest entry barriers for other people. So, grades which average 
manufacturer would have to blend virgin, today JG is in a position to make them 
using only scrap.  
 
We feel that over the last so many years, we have perfected this technology 
almost. And today we feel our technology in recycling of scrap is actually second 
to none. And I would say it is best in the class technology whether you compared 
to any European, Asian, or African competitors.  
Rajvi Shah: 
And there was another question that I had. What is the impact of tariffs on our 
business?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, generally speaking, we do not have any direct impact of tariffs because our 
sales to the U.S. is next to negligible, almost zero. And the duty structure, the tariffs 
have not impacted the duty structure on the scraps that we import from U.S. So, 
speaking generally, there is no impact of duty of these tariffs on our industry.  
 
However, due to these global tariff wars, etc., there is a lot of volatility, be it in 
equity, be it in currency, be it commodities, etc. Such wild swings in prices 
sometimes do have a short-term impact on the business, but over the long term 
and medium term, these average out.  
 
And in fact, now coming to our customer base, most of our customers also do not 
have a wide exposure to U.S. exports, whether it is tyres, ceramics, etc. Having 
said this, hence our business because of the tariffs is not really impacted.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal, who is an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Vishal: 
My first question is, what is the growth that you are expecting from the tyre industry 
going forward?  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: And what is your second question? 
Vishal: 
Second is, sir, how large is the ceramic market in Gujarat? Like, in terms of zinc 
oxide consumption, what is the size and what is the growth that we can expect 
from that?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, these two segments are completely different segments. So, coming first to 
your first question, which is regarding the tyre business. You know, the tyre 
industry today is fairly robust and all our customers have an extremely strong 
balance sheet. All tyre companies are aggressively chasing growth and are 
announcing CAPEX plans.  
 
If you would have read a recent report which was released by the ATMA, which is 
the Apex body regulating the tire business, and also I think PwC mentioned it, the 
tyre industry is actually expecting a double-digit growth over the next few years. 
 
Further, as I mentioned in my introduction, that today exports from India in the tyre 
segment is also growing rapidly. So, this also augurs well for the growth of the tyre 
business. So, we are very confident of achieving higher volume growth from the 
tyre business due to our very strong and long-standing presence with the tyre 
business. 
 
Now, coming to your second question, which is regarding the ceramics market. 
The ceramics market, according to our estimates, is approximately about 25,000 
to 30,000 metric tons per annum. Again, India is turning out to be a large ceramic 
hub. This industry, we expect, should grow well in double digits in India over the 
next few years due to a sharp rise in housing market and exports of ceramic 
products from India. 
 
Currently, the Company’s share in this segment, as we have mentioned earlier 
also, is very low. With our Gujarat CAPEX coming into stream and the plant 
becoming operational sometime next year, we hope to capture at least 15% to 
20% of the market share in this segment. Currently our Company JG enjoys an 
overall 30% market share in India. So, we are confident of at least making 15% to 
20% inroads in the ceramic business also. 
Vishal: 
I had one more question, sir, that what is the pricing model that we have for Zinc 
oxide and also across our RMs, like, what is the pricing strategy?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: I will let Anuj take this question, please.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Sure. So, the price of Zinc scrap and Zinc oxide is directly linked to the price of 
Zinc on the London Metal Exchange. Change in the price of Zinc metal directly has 
a corresponding impact on the price of both Zinc scrap and Zinc oxide. 
So, our customers' formulas are based with the LME average of the month or a 
specific period, as the case may be. And every month, we are purchasing a raw 
material on monthly averages contracts, or on spot basis. So, we basically end up 
with a RM cost, which is the average of the month.  
Now, so for example, in the month of July, if we have bought, say, 100 tons of Zinc 
scrap, basis the LME average of July, the price at which we sell the Zinc oxide in 
August is also basis the LME average of July. Hence, our buying and selling is 
basis the same mother index.  
And fortunately for us, the price of Hindustan Zinc, which is the apex producer of 
Zinc in India, their prices are LME into exchange rate plus the custom duty. So, 
the exchange rate is also automatically taken care of and it is a natural hedge. I 
hope I have been able to explain this point clearly. 
Vishal: 
Yes, sir. That makes sense.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshada Deo from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead.  
Akshada Deo: 
Sir, I am a little new to the Company. So, pardon the rudimentary question. But, 
sir, with INR 100 crores of CAPEX, we will be able to do incrementally roughly INR 
900 crores of revenue. That is like 9x turnover, asset turnover. Is that right?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Absolutely.  
Akshada Deo: 
So, sir, is that the case with all of our products? So, would this be better than what 
you have already been doing? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
No, so if you see historically, asset turnover ratios, the fixed asset turnover ratios 
have always been in the 10 to 14 range. And we expect this momentum to continue 
going forward.  
Akshada Deo: 
So, I understand that this is not bulk commodity at all because it has to be 
specialized. Otherwise, these are not the type of numbers that you would see.  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Absolutely. 
Akshada Deo: 
So, what type of margins are you expecting from this? 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, as we have always indicated, our core business has an EBITDA margin of 
between 10% to 11%. We expect that similar margin for the old products and with 
newer value-added products in the revenue stream, the overall margin profile of 
the Company should increase going forward. 
Akshada Deo: 
Sir, any range would you be willing to share?  
  
Akshada Deo: 
So, sir, you mentioned 10% to 11% core margins that have been done. So, going 
ahead, even after the CAPEX and value-added products, what would be the range 
that you are expecting?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
We expect that the EBITDA margin should increase by 200 to 300 basis points 
over the next few years.  
Akshada Deo: 
So, sir, this would be other than like, I mean, this would be due to what? Going 
and getting more into ceramics should get you better margins. Is that right?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, the Gujarat project is a very holistic project in the sense that we have 
traditional Zinc oxide. We have Zinc oxide for ceramics. We have specialized 
grades for the specialty chemicals business. We would also have Zinc sulphate for 
the agriculture market. In addition to that, we would also be making some high-
performance Zinc oxide for some critical and specialized applications. So, what 
Anuj was just mentioning is that the blended EBITDA is expected to improve by 
200 to 300 points. This is because, obviously, some other grades, which may be 
slightly low in volumes, but the EBITDA accreditation in those grades would be 
much higher.  
Akshada Deo: 
So, incrementally, what type of margins are you expecting on this CAPEX?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, that is what we just mentioned, that the blended EBITDA from this CAPEX...  
Akshada Deo: 
No, no, no. So, that was blended. I just wanted to know on the INR 100 crore 
capacity, the new one. 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, the INR 100 crore capacity, INR 100 crore project spend is to cover all these 
grades. So, when we talk of a INR 100 crore spend, we have to also speak of the 
blended EBITDA. It doesn't make sense talking about one single EBITDA because 
ultimately this INR 100 crore is going towards manufacturing of all these grades. 
Hope I have been able to explain that.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Akshada Deo: 
Sir, what about your payback time? What are you expecting? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, see, internally we have always targeted a payback of about four years, and we 
expect that we should be able to achieve that for this project also. Give or take a 
couple of quarters.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Romil from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead.  
Romil: 
Sir, my first question is, what are the volumes in this quarter? I mean, what kind of 
volume growth we saw and the utilization at which we are right now with the 70,000 
ton capacity?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, coming to volumes, as a Company policy, we don't give clear number or 
guidance on volumes due to competitive reasons. However, having said that, last 
year you would see that our revenues grew substantially from about INR 650 crore 
to about INR 850 crore. This was due to deeper penetration and push in various 
new segments and customer bases.  
 
In the current quarter also, revenues have grown year-on-year. However, we would 
treat this quarter as more of a consolidation phase after a very robust last year. 
And we expect that in the coming quarter, the growth momentum should be similar 
and we should be able to achieve similar figures to last year growth. 
Romil: 
And utilization, sir?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Utilization levels, approximately, we operate at 70% of achievable capacity. 
Historically, also, we like to do that. You must appreciate that our plant deals with 
scrap and we make more than 80 grades of Zinc oxide. So, the installed capacity 
is one side of the picture. What is more important is what is the achievable capacity 
to run the plant efficiently and economically. 
Romil: 
And second question is on the non-rubber and non-tyre industry. So, when do we 
start seeing some meaningful pickup there? Can the existing plant help us in 
ramping up that part of the business or we would need Dahej plant to cover for 
that?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, as we have been mentioning for the last year or so that the share of non-rubber 
would gradually increase from what it was a year ago, about 10% to about 30%. If 
you see our latest numbers, the share of non-rubber revenue has almost reached 
15%. So, our Naidupeta plant, our Calcutta plant, is well equipped to cater to the 
non-rubber industries.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 In fact, you are aware that the Naidupeta plant has a specific pharmaceutical line 
which is WHO GMP approved, which is catering to the pharmaceutical and 
healthcare industries. Obviously with penetration in Gujarat, the focus and the 
volume share to the ceramic industry would increase. So, that also will add to the 
share of non-rubber revenue. But holistically, as a Company, our existing plants 
are also very well equipped to cater to the non-rubber industries. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir, currently the saleable capacity for Zinc oxide is about 50,000 tons and Zinc 
sulphate is 8.5K metric tons. So, with this new plant in Gujarat, what will be the 
final product-wise saleable capacity and if commissioning is by 1H FY '27, then the 
entire INR 100 crores will be spent in the first half of FY '27. Is that the right 
understanding, sir? 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Thanks for your question. So, coming first to the CAPEX that has been 
announced. You see, as a Company policy and as per our capital allocation 
strategy, the entire investment of INR 100 crores would not be done in the next 
one year. The CAPEX would be done phase-wise, and the capacity addition would 
be there for each product in each phase. So, we expect that this entire CAPEX of 
INR 100 crores should be done in the next three to four years. And the entire 
capacity should come on stream by then, depending on market conditions.  
 
So, after the entire capital expenditure program is completed, we expect that the 
installed capacity of both the existing units and the Gujarat plant, basis the plans 
that we have today, would be about 1,10,000 metric tons of Zinc chemicals. 
Radha: 
Sir, what would be the phase-wise capacity expansion plan, if you can give in terms 
of phases, how much in this year, next year, and also product-wise between Zinc 
oxide and Zinc sulphate?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, it would be over two phases and more or less we expect that half-half would 
be there for both the Zinc oxide and the non-Zinc oxide. The exact numbers we 
will share with the market in due course. 
Radha: 
Sir, what was the volume growth for the Company for FY '25? And how much 
volume growth are you targeting for the next two years? And what could be the 
roadmap to achieve this target?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, we have already answered this question a short while ago. But just to give 
you a perspective, as a Company, we have always maintained our objective to 
have double-digit volume growth on a consolidated level, which is what we have 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
been able to achieve in the last fiscal, and which is what we aspire to achieve in 
the current fiscal as well.  
Radha: 
Double digit, can we assume 20% volume growth for last year?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: I would not like to give any specific number, but I would just like to leave it at that. 
Radha: 
And sir, your PPT mentions increasing focus on the non-tyre products. So, with 
respect to that, are the production lines fungible to produce tyre-grade as well as 
the non-tyre-grade products?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Again, this question we partly answered only a few minutes back. Our current 
facilities have production lines which are able to produce this. By those production 
lines, we have already started to deep seed the market. We have started to invest 
in those markets.  
 
Gujarat will be an added fill to this because that will be closer to the customers in 
these specialty segments. So, once the Gujarat facility comes up, the pace of 
growth in these segments for JG would be much higher. 
 
But as of today, our facilities are also competent to produce these grades. And we 
have already started to do it. And we are already entering customer accounts 
through this grade. So, the work on these markets have already begun.  
Radha: 
I understand the current facilities are capable to produce both the products. But 
what I understand is, what I wanted to ask you is, can a single line produce the 
grades that is required for either of the user industry?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: No, ma'am. There are special controls, there are special chemistry, there is 
special technology. So, each line is not fungible to produce all grades.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Urmish Shah from Moneywisers. 
Urmish Shah: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just a couple of points on your export 
revenue. Could you give a export contribution for this quarter?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Our export revenues have historically been in the 10% to 15% range. And even for 
this quarter, it was more or less in the same range. And we expect it to remain in 
this range itself going forward as well.  
Urmish Shah: 
Sorry. Geography-wise, can you just give a bifurcation of your export revenue, the 
countries you serve? 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
No, so due to confidentiality reasons, we cannot disclose geography-wise revenue 
contribution. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruvin Kadakia from SKP Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
I just wanted to understand how do we arrive at this raw material cost because for 
this Q1, we see that despite our revenues increasing on a consol basis, the 
margins from an EBITDA level took a bit hit and that was mostly because of the 
RM cost increasing? So, I wanted to understand how did that happen and do we 
see markets to stabilize in the future? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, coming to the EBITDA margins, etc., if you see, our overall EBITDA for the 
current quarter is about INR 23 crores versus about INR 23.01 crores, sorry, INR 
22.8 crores year-on-year. So, the EBITDA on an absolute level has increased.  
 
Yes, on a consolidated level, if you see the RM cost as a percentage of revenues 
has gone up a little bit. So, this is something which is dynamic and it keeps going 
up and down slightly depending on market conditions as we are also importing a 
certain percentage of our materials. So, there could be a lead and lag effect due 
to that.  
 
So, overall, you know, these kind of slight variations could be there quarter-on-
quarter, but on a consolidated level, we expect that in the long term, our EBITDA 
margins from our core manufacturing activity would be in the 10% to 11% range, 
and which is what it has been even in this quarter.  
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
And with regards to the CAPEX, I want to understand the INR 100 crore investment 
that we are doing, does that include the land cost as well, or is it just for the facility 
setup? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
The INR 100 crores include the land as well.  
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
All right. And I think you answered this question, just asking it once again, I think I 
must have missed out. But phase-wise, if we are looking at, so if we take it from 
FY '27, '28, '29, how do we expect this capacity breakup? Like how is 40,000 MTPA 
split up into these three years?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, I would say it will be 50-50. It will be in two phases. That is what we have 
planned as of now. So, the first phase would start, the construction of the first 
phase would start now. Once that is completed, once that is utilized to a level which 
is commensurate with what we like, the construction of the second phase would 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
start. And we expect that the entire CAPEX would be done in three to four years' 
time. 
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
All right, sir. Lastly, you mentioned about the development of the new rubber 
chemical, which is currently in the R&D stream. So, would you like to give a 
comment as to when it will start contributing to our revenue stream? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, at the moment, you see we are working on that and we would not like to share 
more information because it is slightly confidential what we are doing and we are 
working together with some of our customers on that. So, as and when we are 
ready with more information on that, we will share with the market participants.  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: But however, having said that, it may be safe to assume that from next year it 
should start contributing to the revenues of the Company. 
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
So, numbers, you won't disclose it right now. Will it be comfortable? Or we should 
wait and watch?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: You should wait and watch.  
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
In terms of how much contribution to revenue, will it be like 10%, 5% broad figure?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Yes, roughly about 10%.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Golchha from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Naman Golchha: 
So, I have two questions. My first question is, if it is possible to tell me about the 
content per tyre as a percentage our product has. And the second question will be 
the guidance that we are giving of having a 30% mix of non-rubber revenue. So, 
what are the major drivers, what are the major businesses that will drive this growth 
in the future?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, content per tyre as far as zinc oxide is concerned in terms of value, it is about 
1%. And in terms of weight, it would be close to 3% to 4%. And as far as your 
second question is concerned, which relates to the non-tyre segment which was 
last year at about 10%, currently at about 15%, and we hope to grow it to 30%, 
this 
segment 
will comprise 
mainly 
of 
ceramics, 
specialty 
chemicals, 
pharmaceuticals and cosmetics and agriculture.  
 
So, these would be the four cornerstones. And apart from that, there are also 
certain initiatives which we have taken for Zinc oxide in the batteries and also in 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
the electronic segment. So, these four to five segments would be the cornerstone 
of this non-tyre segment, non-rubber segment.  
Naman Golchha: 
And secondly, sir, you just mentioned that we are going to increase our product 
sharing in the tyre itself that will increase our content per tyre. So, what can we 
expect as a CPT going forward for a tyre, including all the new products that we 
are going to launch?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: What we mentioned to you was increasing content per tyre. So, this does not 
necessarily mean that it will only be in the Zinc oxide segment. It could also be in 
related segments in which our R&D is going. The product could be slightly different 
from Zinc oxide, but ultimately used by the tyre business. And as we have 
mentioned, due to certain confidentiality reasons, we would not like to disclose 
more on that. But as and when we are ready for the same, the market would hear 
about it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Manchanda from Aria International. 
Please go ahead.  
Saurabh Manchanda: Most of the questions were answered. But I have a small question regarding the 
IPO proceeds. Were all the proceeds from the IPO fully utilized as of now?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
No, the entire proceeds is not utilized. About INR 45 crores is still left to be utilized, 
which we should be doing as per the utilization program which was shared during 
the prospectus.  
Saurabh Manchanda: And does the Company plan to do any QIP, the right issue, any fundraising in the 
near future?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
At the moment, we have no such plans. The Company is fairly cash-rich at the 
moment. Should there be a need, we will definitely explore. But at the moment, we 
don't have any such plans.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Chugh from Subh Labh Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Chugh: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. If you can share some detail on total demand of 
Zinc oxide in India and a split between how much is imported and how much is 
domestically fulfilled.  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Today, the estimated consumption of Zinc oxide in India would be about 1,40,000 
tons on an annual basis. And as far as imports are concerned, it is absolutely 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
negligible. Hardly about 5,000 tons would be imported, even less than that as on 
today.  
Mohit Chugh: 
And sir, a follow-up on this is, a large part of revenue comes from tyre 
manufacturers. And a small or negligible is come from ceramics. So, if you can 
share some details like who are the players that are fulfilling the demand from 
ceramics?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, as far as the tire business is concerned, we are the largest player in the tyre 
segment. Today, in ceramics, we are not the largest because of locational 
disadvantage. Our Dahej facility would cater to that in a bigger way.  
 
Today, there are a couple of next-level Zinc oxide players after us who are 
servicing the ceramic business, but we do not comment on competition and 
competition business, so we would refrain from that.  
 
But there are smaller Zinc oxide producers, who may be less than half our size 
also, who are dealing with most of the ceramic business in that region. And that is 
primarily because of our lack of presence in that region and a manufacturing 
facility, which the Dahej facility would take care of.  
Mohit Chugh: 
And sir if you can provide us figure of volume from pharma business?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, as we have mentioned before, we punch the non-rubber revenue together, 
which is about 15%. So, we will not be able to disclose specific numbers on the 
volumes for the pharmaceutical segment due to certain confidentiality reasons as 
well as our NDAs with our customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Gupta, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Gupta: 
I have a couple of questions and maybe repeating some of what people asked 
earlier. So, one, I was trying to better understand the fixed asset ratio. So, if I 
understand last year, we did about close to INR 850 crores of sales with INR 40 
crores of fixed assets, which means about 20x fixed asset turnover ratio. It seems 
very high and healthy. Is it comparable with other companies in similar domains? 
Because from a manufacturing Company setup, that seems very high.  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, if you see our gross block was about INR 57 crores last year, on which we did 
a revenue of about INR 850 crores, so roughly about 15x. You will appreciate that 
some of the capacities which are there currently were made 20 years ago, 10 years 
ago, 15 years ago. The cost of making new plants and capacities has obviously 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
increased. And we have always maintained that a 10 to 12 fixed asset turnover 
ratio is something that we feel is achievable and which is something that we can 
do going forward.  
 
But another important aspect of our business which is critical to understand is that 
it is a working capital heavy business and the working capital cycle is about three 
months. So, for any new entrant, this is a very big barrier to entry because almost 
three months of working capital financing is also needed.  
 
So, the right way to look at it would be not just on a fixed asset turnover ratio but 
also including the working capital requirement which is there.  
Gaurav Gupta: 
And I think you had tried to explain the deep tech around having 80 grades of Zinc 
oxide. Can you give a little bit more color on what is the key IP behind this? Like, 
is it what proportion of ingredients go into it? So, I know you can't share everything, 
but just to give a sense of hint on what is the key secret sauce here?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, any recycling business is about how do you process the worst qualities 
of scrap to make the best qualities of the finished product. In Zinc oxide, if you see 
the specification of any customer, there will be a lot of parameters which are 
critical, whether it is the purity, whether it is the impurity of various heavy metals, 
whether it is the sieves, the particle sizes, the surface areas, etc.  
 
So, these are various parameters which need to be tweaked depending on the end 
goal that we have, which is the customer for which we are manufacturing. And as 
we mentioned, the scrap that we buy, and you must have seen in our investor 
presentations also, it comes in different shapes, sizes, qualities, purity, and 
impurity levels.  
 
So, a lot of R&D and a lot of effort has gone in identifying recipes, identifying certain 
operating parameters, etc., which need to be maintained depending on the kind of 
scrap that we are processing, depending on the kind of finished goods that we are 
trying to make. So, this is something which is internal, and which has been 
developed over the last two, three decades, and which is integral to our Company's 
success today.  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: And today, in this technology, size also plays a vital part because it is very simple 
that for a smaller producer, it would not be possible for the plant to have various 
scraps of various qualities at one point of time. Because if your capacity is, say, 
only 500 tons a month, and you stock for one month, and this being scrap, it is not 
that when you want, it will be available. You may not have the entire variety of the 
scrap profile to particularly manufacture a particular grade.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
So, here, you know, at our end, because we are one of the largest Zinc scrap 
buyers in the world today, the sheer size and the availability of scraps at our 
manufacturing facilities also give us a lot of leeway to blend different materials to 
produce grades. So, here size also starts playing a big role and this becomes a 
big entry barrier for others who are unable to process the scrap to make the same 
grades which we tried to make out of scraps.  
Gaurav Gupta: 
And my second question was around variability with zinc prices. So, if I go back 
and look at our top line, say, around June, September quarters 2023 when the 
Zinc prices were very soft and came down to around 2,400 or so, our margins 
shrunk to 3% to 5%. And I think since then, there was a spike in prices and things 
recovered.  
 
Last quarter, we saw that again, the prices came down. Did that have any impact, 
or would there be a lag impact going forward? What is the right price range that 
you account for in your day-to-day working here, please? 
Gaurav Gupta: 
So, I was trying to correlate the zinc prices to the margins that our Company 
delivers, right? So, if I look at first half of 2023, the prices crashed to 2,400 or so. 
And I think you had mentioned in earlier investor presentation that that was the 
cause for the margins dipping from, say, 10% or so to 3% to 5% in those couple of 
quarters. I think as the prices recovered, the margins also came back.  
 
Last quarter, again, I see there was a small dip in prices. And I think the prices 
seem to be getting back to normal now. So, was there any impact of decreased 
price in the last quarter on the margins?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, let me rewind slightly. Let's go back to FY '24, where you have pointed out 
that the margins dip because of the fall in Zinc prices, which is absolutely correct. 
But before we tackle that, let's understand how business works.  
 
You know, our business, as Anuj had just explained a while back, is almost a 
natural hedge as far as Zinc prices are concerned. So, we are buying on the same 
benchmark index and we are selling on the same benchmark index. So, there is 
an alignment of quantities on the buying side and the sales side. So, technically, it 
is a natural hedge.  
 
But you would appreciate that any business carries an inventory, which is almost 
a perpetual inventory. So, if there is sharp movements in Zinc prices, that inventory 
takes a knock and you could see the effect of that on the quarter’s performance.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Having said that, the last quarter numbers we didn't really have much of an impact 
due to Zinc prices. And as you have mentioned, the Zinc prices did come down 
and are slightly back on track now.  
 
Now, having said this also, it is not only that the Zinc prices, a fall, or a rise in Zinc 
prices impacts the EBITDA. We also have to see what has been the pace of the 
fall, what has been the time period of the fall, what has been the recovery period, 
what are the lead times at that particular times for raw materials, especially transit 
times for imports, etc. So, not always you can find a direct correlation between rise 
or fall in Zinc prices. There is sometimes a lag also on the positive or on the 
negative side.  
 
However, we are very confident that over a long term, medium-to-long term period, 
these kind of unevenness gets averaged out, which you exactly saw in 2024 and 
2025. So, when you say that ‘25 Zinc prices were strong, but if you really see the 
graph of the LME, in '25, we have also had spikes, we have also had lows.  
 
Again, the pace of fall and the pace of drop wasn't very significant. But if you take 
the trajectory, it will be there. So, if the pace is not very strong, then it really doesn't 
affect the EBITDA performance quarter-on-quarter. But in our industry, it is always 
wise to see the performance over a slightly medium-to-longer term rather than be 
on a quarter-on-quarter analysis.  
Gaurav Gupta: 
That is very clear.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ratish Patel, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ratish Patel: 
I have, I think, maybe one or two questions on this very recently announced 
Greenfield CAPEX at Dahej. So, my first question is, I think, considering the size 
of the CAPEX, I understand, I think, Company incorporated, let us say, 50 years 
back. 
 
So with that, I think the Company has a gross block of some INR 55 crore to INR 
60 crore till now. And with this INR 100 crore of CAPEX, it is very, very large size 
of CAPEX. So, what kind of management bandwidth I think we have and what kind 
of senior management recruitment I think we are planning to make this newly 
announced CAPEX successful?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, good question. So, as far as the CAPEX is concerned, you would see bulk of 
the CAPEX is on lines which the Company has already been operating. It is not 
that we are trying to create a completely new segment or completely new product. 

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
A large part of the CAPEX goes into Zinc oxide where today the Company is a 
leader in this field and has been the leader over the last decade now almost. We 
are amongst the top five globally. 
 
So, the Company has enough and more bandwidth as far as the management of 
the Zinc oxide and the Zinc chemicals facilities are concerned. We believe in 
nurturing talent in-house and obviously, when a CAPEX comes into play, there is 
also recruitment from outside the Company, which the HR is duly taking care of. 
And we are very confident that as far as these projects are concerned, manpower 
should not be a challenge going forward for this.  
Ratish Patel: 
And one more, I think, linked question is, I understand, I think, the major focus with 
this new CAPEX at Dahej will be the ceramic industries. But I understand, I think, 
ceramic market is crowded with the captive production of Zinc oxide-related 
chemicals. So, what do you see? How I think our Company will make space for 
ourselves, for the growth?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, firstly, as far as the CAPEX is concerned, yes, one of the bigger segments 
that we plan to cater to is ceramics. But I would say today, as far as ceramics is 
concerned, the CAPEX, roughly about 20% or 25% of the investment of that 
CAPEX would be towards ceramics. Rest there is also a large presence of tyres in 
Gujarat. There is a presence of specialty chemicals. There is pharmaceuticals, 
cosmetics, etc. So, although ceramics is a territory where we plan to gain more 
market share because of our almost next to negligible presence today in that, not 
all investment goes into ceramic segment. There is investments for other grades 
also. Plus, there is also Zinc sulphate, which goes into agriculture, which is again 
a completely different segment. There is also high-performance Zinc chemicals, 
which again will go into very specialized industry.  
 
Now, coming to the second part of your question, wherein some ceramic 
manufacturers have in-house processing of Zinc oxide, that is not a major concern 
for us because there is only a couple of them who have that. And as per our 
reports, one of them have already kind of disassociated with the internal 
manufacturing. Now there is another one or two which is left, maybe.  
 
Going forward, this will not be possible because of the sheer scale and size. And 
if you are trying to manufacture it at JG, we are trying to do all those grades from 
scrap. And those existing producers are trying to blend, then at the end of the day, 
you know, whether you may have your internal plant or whatever, the need of the 
business would be to source which is more competitive.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Now, if I do have my own in-house backward integration, but from the market, if I 
can get a better quality at a cheaper price, I mean, this manufacturing of Zinc oxide 
is not very critical to them. So, today or tomorrow, it may go out of the picture also. 
And that is anyways a very small component of the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth from S. N. Dagha. Please go ahead.  
Siddharth: 
So, my question is on the margin expansion, the management has guided that 
they want to target an increased margin of 2% to 3% over the few years. Now this 
comes in line with the contribution of non-rubber segment increasing to 30%. So, 
is it fair assumption to consider that the specialty or the Zinc sulphate products are 
to the north of 20% of margins, if I do the math? 
Siddharth: 
So, the management is guiding to increase the margin by 2% to 3% over the period 
of a few years. And similarly, the management has guided for increasing the share 
of the non-rubber segment from 15% to 30%. Yes, so is it a fair assumption that 
the new products or the specialty chemical or the agri-products such as Zinc 
sulphate commands an EBITDA margin of upwards of 20%?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, so some of the newer products which will contribute to increasing the revenue 
from 15% to 30% definitely has an EBITDA margin which is closer to the number 
you mentioned.  
Siddharth: 
So, that was my only question. Thank you so much for answering. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruvin Kadakia from SKP Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
Sir, just a couple of questions related to numbers. First of all, the Brownfield 
expansion that we are planning to undertake for expanding our Zinc sulphate. 
Would you like to give any number or how much tons capacity are we looking at? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, right now, that is on the drawing board. We are working on it. And we will share 
more information on that once we are fully ready with all the details.  
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
All right. And lastly, would you be comfortable sharing as to what we assume our 
capacity utilization will be for Zinc oxide and Zinc sulphate?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
We have already shared the utilization numbers earlier in the call. And if you want 
any specific details, you can reach out to Valorem and they will be more than happy 
to answer your query.  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir, what is your target profitability from the FY '25 base levels in the next two to 
three years? And where do you see the Company in terms of return profile in the 
same period, two to three years? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, you see, we have always mentioned that our target is to double our revenues 
every three years to four years. That is what our internal targets are. And we 
mentioned that we have a certain amount of spare capacity available in Naidupeta, 
which will augment our sales. With the new CAPEX coming up, that will also add 
to the revenues. And I think overall, we should be targeting, doubling our revenues 
and along with the revenues, other metrics like profitability, etc., in the next three 
to four years' time with the current initiatives that have already been outlined.  
Radha: 
Sir, secondly, is the companies working towards these rubber chemical grades? 
So, are you referring to accelerators and antioxidants in these products? And if 
yes, then this is a heavily competitive market. Then what is the purpose behind 
entering this business?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, let me clarify. We are not at all looking at any antioxidants, etc., which are 
already very crowded space. When we say content per tyre, I think rubber 
chemicals, we have been slightly misunderstood. What we actually mean is, for 
example, even if you consider Zinc oxide, we are taking certain specialized grades 
of Zinc oxide, certain tweaking in the chemistry of our product to offer a better 
grade or a different grade wherein the tyre business can absorb that.  
 
At the same time, we are also looking at some other products which are not 
necessarily chemical in nature but is absolutely related to the recycling technology. 
Now we would not like to mention anything more on this right now. But that will be 
more a recycled product, not at all chemical. It would be something else where the 
content per tyre will go up.  
 
So, let us not confuse that when we say rubber chemicals, it does not mean, this 
question was pointed out by somebody in terms of rubber chemical and it is our 
fault that we didn't clarify, right? So, this is not related to any of the standard rubber 
chemicals that the market already is aware of. We have no plans to enter the 
rubber chemical space.  
Radha: 
That was helpful. Sir, in terms of what is the China capacity for Zinc oxide? And 
unlike other chemicals, why is there no dumping happening from China to India in 
these products?  

  
JG Chemicals Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
It is very difficult to get an exact number on China capacities because it is not 
publicly available. And in terms of their cost competitiveness, it is a very important 
question, and I am glad that you brought it up. See, the competitiveness of any 
country or any geography to dump a product depends on their ability to source 
their raw materials or for them having a manufacturing edge in terms of cost or in 
terms of technology.  
 
As we have already mentioned, the prices of our raw material and our finished 
goods are directly related to or governed rather by the prices of Zinc on LME. So, 
for example, in India, we have the MCX and the Hindustan Zinc, which govern the 
prices which is a correlation from the LME. In China, there is the Shanghai Futures 
Exchange which determines the price of Zinc and Zinc scrap. 
 
So, given that the mother index is the LME for both India as well as China and all 
other geographies, so there is no competitive edge which China has vis-à-vis any 
Indian producer or any other producer from any other country. So, that is why, if 
you see, this product, even our exports are hardly 10% to 15%. And we have 
always guided that we don't expect this to increase to a much higher or a very 
substantial number going forward. 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, you would see that even in other Asian economies, there is no dumping of 
Zinc oxide from China. So, it is not only India, even if you were to pick up an 
economy like, say, Thailand or any other economies, there would be no dumping 
from China even there. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take this as our last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anirudh Jhunjhunwala for closing 
comments. 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So, at the outset, I would like to thank everybody for joining in on this maiden con 
call for JG Chemicals. I hope we were able to answer most of your questions 
satisfactorily and at the same time give you a fair insight into our business and our 
plans.  
 
However, if you have any further questions or you would like to know more about 
us, you may please reach out to our Investor Relations managers at Valorem 
Advisors. And once again, I thank you all for sparing your time and joining us today. 
Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client Group, that conclude this 
conference, thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
