 
August 5, 2025 
IGAL/SECT/8-25/1 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C - 1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra - (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: INDIGO
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539448 
 
 Sub: Transcript of earnings call on financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 
2025  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of earnings call held on July 30, 2025, 
on financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.  
 
This disclosure is also being made available on the Company’s website at www.goindigo.in. 
 
The above is for your information.  
 
Thanking you, 
For InterGlobe Aviation Limited 
Neerja Sharma 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
  InterGlobe Aviation Limited 
Registered Office: Upper Ground Floor, Thapar House, Gate No. 2, Western Wing, 124 Janpath, New Delhi – 110 001, India. M +91 9650098905, 
F + 91 11 43513200 Email: corporate@goindigo.in  
Corporate Office: Emaar Capital Tower-II, Sector-26, Sikanderpur Ghosi, MG Road, Gurugram-122002, Haryana, India. T +91 124 435 2500. 
CIN no.: L62100DL2004PLC129768 
Digitally signed by: NEERJA 
SHARMA
DN: CN = NEERJA 
SHARMA C = IN O = 
Personal
Date: 2025.08.05 20:36:42 +
05'30'
NEERJA 
SHARMA

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
“IndiGo First Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 
Financial Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIETER ELBERS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. GAURAV NEGI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
Ms. RICHA CHHABRA – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Operator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to IndiGo’s Conference Call to discuss the first 
quarter of fiscal year 2026 financial results. My name is Rayo, and I will be your coordinator. At 
this time, the participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow 
today’s management discussion. 
 
As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to 
your moderator, Ms. Richa Chhabra from the Investor Relations team of IndiGo. 
Richa Chhabra: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 
earnings call. 
We have with us our Chief Executive Officer - Pieter Elbers and our Chief Financial Officer – 
Gaurav Negi to discuss the financial performance and are available for the Q&A session. 
Please note that today’s discussion may contain certain statements on our business or financials 
which may be construed as forward-looking. Our actual results may be materially different from 
these forward-looking statements. 
The information provided on this call is as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to 
update the information subsequently. 
We will upload the transcript of prepared remarks by day end. The transcript of the Q&A session 
will be uploaded subsequently. 
With this, let me hand over the call to Pieter Elbers. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Thank you, Richa. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining the call. We 
announced our financial results for the first quarter of the financial year 2026 today. Before we 
begin discussing our quarterly performance, I would like to take a moment to express our deepest 
condolences to the families and loved ones of the passengers and crew affected by the AI171 
tragedy. The entire IndiGo team stands in solidarity and united in spirit with our colleagues at Air 
India in this difficult time. 
Moving on to our quarterly performance, the quarter started on a strong note but was later shaped 
by significant external challenges – geopolitical tensions and airspace restrictions – leading to 
increased block times on certain routes and an increase in cancellations across several key air 
corridors. 
- 
The latter half of April was marked by the devastating terrorist attack in Pahalgam 
leading to the tragic loss and disruption in flights and demand, specifically for the 
Srinagar routes. This was followed by Pakistan airspace restrictions, which led to 
increased block times on certain western international corridors from north Indian 
airports impacting more than 30 daily flights. It also led to the cancellation of flights to 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
Almaty and Tashkent. 
- 
As we moved to May, NOTAMs issued during the first week led to the cancellation of 
around 170 daily flights across 10 airports for more than a week. 
- 
In June, as the booking trends & passenger cancellations were beginning to normalize, 
we had the tragic AI171 accident. This led to a caution in travel sentiment particularly 
on the international side. Further, conflict in the middle east region led to airspace 
closures from mid-June, which in turn led to cancellation of over 100 flights for a period 
of two days. 
These series of cascading external headwinds created sustained impact on the operating 
environment for the whole industry. During this period, while the industry passengers grew by 
around 6 percent, we served more than 31 million customers, reflecting a solid growth of 12 
percent compared to the same period last year. A double-digit growth during a turbulent quarter 
speaks volumes about the strength of our network and the relevance of our offering. We deeply 
value our customers’ confidence, and I want to thank each and every customer for choosing to fly 
with IndiGo. 
I would also like to take a moment to acknowledge the efforts of IndiGo teams from planning to 
operations, who played a critical role in adapting to our network in line with the regulatory 
directives and safety protocols, thereby reflecting our commitment to upholding the highest 
standards of safety across every part of our operations. 
It is the combination of customer loyalty and organizational agility that gives us confidence in our 
ability to navigate short-term headwinds and continue building on our strong growth trajectory. 
For the first quarter of the financial year 2026, we reported a quarterly total income of 215 billion 
rupees, which is an increase of 6 percent as compared to the same period last year. In terms of 
profitability, we reported a profit after tax of 21.8 billion rupees, or almost 2,200 crore rupees 
with a profit after tax margin of around 11 percent. 
This quarter also marked a landmark moment for IndiGo on the world stage as we had the privilege 
of hosting the 81st IATA AGM in New Delhi, which brought together the most influential voices 
shaping the future of our industry. The presence of our Honorable Prime Minister elevated this 
event to a moment of national pride and global significance. It was a powerful recognition that 
India remains the fastest growing major aviation market. It also highlighted IndiGo’s growing 
stature on the world stage and our role in driving conversations that will define the next era of 
aviation. 
As part of our growth strategy, we have taken a number of decisive steps this quarter to strengthen 
our position and prepare for the opportunities ahead: 
- 
To unlock the massive long-haul opportunity ahead of us and to enhance connectivity 
between Indian cities and major international destinations, we signed an MoU with 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Airbus to convert 30 purchase rights into firm order. These widebodies will give us the 
reach, flexibility, and scale to tap into unserved global routes and position us as the 
preferred airline for long-haul journeys. As the deliveries of our initially ordered 
widebodies will start from 2027 onwards and deliveries of these additional 30 aircraft 
are expected to start from 2032 onwards, to ensure that we do not lose on the 
opportunity, we signed an agreement with Norse Atlantic for 6 widebodies on damp 
lease. We have already inducted one widebody aircraft which is currently flying from 
Mumbai to Amsterdam and Manchester. Touching down in Europe is a huge thing for 
us because of many firsts — flying long haul, serving hot meals, and having Stretch on 
international flights. So, it is much more than just two new destinations in Europe. It 
marks the start of a very new chapter in the book of IndiGo. We will be inducting the 
remaining 5 aircraft during this financial year. The initial feedback from customers is 
very encouraging wherein our ability to curate product-market fit is being appreciated - 
a fit-for-purpose product. Further, based on this feedback, we are enhancing the flight 
frequencies to current destinations from September onwards, bringing Amsterdam to 
six a week and Manchester to four a week. We will also be launching London & 
Copenhagen in the coming months. 
- 
Given the huge Indian diaspora, the emergence of Indian aspirational traveller who likes 
to go abroad and India is being seen by more and more companies and countries as a 
relevant trade partner makes us very confident that the international market will 
continue to grow. With this fact in mind, we are planning to add many more new 
international destinations – from all directions in India. 
- 
In addition to our domestic Stretch product, which is currently available across 5 
domestic routes, we took a significant step in March 2025 by introducing Stretch, also 
international, on the Delhi–Bangkok route using our damp-leased widebody aircraft. 
Though this was a temporary deployment, featuring over 50 stretch seats, it served as 
an effective market test. I am pleased to share that the feedback was overwhelmingly 
positive, with strong demand observed on this route. Based on these insights, we’ve 
decided to expand our Stretch offering using our A321 aircraft across select regional 
international markets. Since the beginning of July, we have begun a phased rollout of 
Stretch product across all frequencies to Bangkok, Singapore, Dubai and Phuket from 
Delhi and Mumbai. 
- 
Another important cornerstone of success in international operations is strong and 
mutually beneficial codeshare partnerships. We have announced new partnerships 
during this quarter providing enhanced travel options to Indian travellers and increasing 
our brand awareness amongst non-Indian travellers. 
o 
Our existing partnership with KLM has become reciprocal that will enable 
IndiGo customers enhanced connectivity to 30 destinations in Europe and the 
UK through Amsterdam. Further, our existing relationship with Japan 
Airlines has also become reciprocal with us also placing our marketing flight 
codes on Japan Airlines’ flights between points in Southeast Asia and Tokyo. 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
o 
In addition, we have also signed a codeshare agreement with Jetstar enabling 
convenient connections to Australia and New Zealand. 
o 
At the IATA AGM, we announced a partnership with Delta Airlines which 
will enable IndiGo’s customers to connect to Delta’s broad transatlantic 
network. 
o 
And lastly, our partnership with Virgin Atlantic will also become reciprocal. 
This will enhance connectivity between India, UK, and North America. 
- 
On the domestic network side, we have already launched 2 new destinations – Hindon 
in Ghaziabad and Adampur in Jalandhar. We are also gearing up to be the launch carrier 
at the two new airports – Jewar and Navi Mumbai. These new airports are a critical part 
of India’s next wave of aviation infrastructure and will allow us to tap into new 
catchment areas. In addition to launching new destinations, we will continue to further 
densify our unparalleled domestic network, by adding new routes and frequencies, 
strengthening our leadership in India and deepening our regional network. 
Adding new destinations, growing partnerships with airlines and airports will not only be greatly 
beneficial to our customers but is also at the very heart of our purpose of giving wings to the 
nation. We do see an increasing middle class and a newer generation that focuses on experiences, 
we see an increasing international link both for Indian companies going abroad and foreign 
companies coming here. So, if you take all these into account then what we have been doing, with 
all these steps, is cultivating and keeping the foundation of the company ready for growth. 
Our loyalty programme has received a very positive response with around 3.8 million members 
already enrolled, and we have onboarded several key brands. Recently, with the aim of elevating 
the travel and lifestyle experience, we have launched Co-Branded credit card in partnership with 
Kotak Mahindra Bank. 
In terms of operations, since November last year, we have been the leader in terms of on-time 
performance and maintain one of the highest technical dispatch reliabilities in the industry, 
highlighting the core of one of our key customer promises. 
As we approach our 19th anniversary in just a few days, it is a moment of pride for everything we 
have built – an unparalleled network, 7th largest airline, in the world, by daily departures, a trusted 
brand and a passionate team that has redefined air travel in India. While we take a moment to 
acknowledge how far we have come in such a short span of time, our eyes are firmly set on the 
future. 
While near-term disruptions may impact individual quarters, our long-term direction is clear and 
built for sustained success. Our growth story remains intact, and our ambition undimmed.  Our 
confidence is underpinned by the structural growth opportunity for air travel in India. While the 
first quarter saw some impact of these external headwinds, the second quarter is witnessing 
stabilization, and we remain optimistic for the third and fourth quarter to have a strong rebound 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
and growth. 
We are defining the next phase of our growth with clarity, ambition and discipline. The steps we 
have taken in the last couple of years are laying the foundation for growth, leadership and value 
creation in the years to come. This is an exciting time for all of us at IndiGo. And we are proud 
of the journey so far and even more confident of the road ahead. 
With this, ladies and gentlemen, let me now hand over the call to Gaurav to discuss the financial 
performance in more detail. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Thank you, Pieter and good evening, everyone.  
For the quarter ended June 2025, we reported a total income of 215 billion rupees and a net profit 
of 21.8 billion rupees with a net profit margin of 10.6 percent compared to a net profit of 27.3 
billion rupees with a net profit margin of around 13.9 percent during the same period last year. 
As Pieter mentioned, the June quarter was marked by series of external impactful events – 
geopolitical events, airspace restrictions and the unfortunate accident in the Indian Aviation – 
leading to higher flight and passenger cancellations and a moderation in yields. Amid a series of 
external challenges, we delivered a robust 12 percent growth in passengers served — double the 
industry growth of 6 percent — highlighting the strength of our network, brand and execution. 
While profitability was impacted by ongoing geopolitical headwinds, this was partially offset by 
a favorable fuel price environment.  
While the large part of April performed well as our domestic number of passengers grew by 14 
percent compared to an industrywide growth of 8 percent, and the revenue environment was also 
supportive, May and June were marked by significant geopolitical headwinds, which led to a 
significantly higher cancellations and did not allow normalization of yields. 
Our total income increased by around 6 percent compared to the same period last year. Excluding 
the impact of one-timers in Q1FY25 related to claims that we had called out last year, the increase 
in total income would have been even higher. 
In terms of per unit revenue performance, the passenger unit revenue (PRASK), came in at 4.21 
rupees vs. 4.54 rupees in Q1FY25, a reduction of around 7 percent. The yields came in at 4.98 
rupees, a reduction of 5 percent as compared to the same period last year and load factors came 
in at around 85 percent, which is 2 percentage points lower compared to the same period last year. 
We took massive strides in our journey of becoming a global aviation player by launching direct 
flights to Amsterdam and Manchester. We also introduced specially curated, complementary hot 
meals and beverages, by iconic home-grown Indian brands, to our customers on these routes.  
We remain prudent in our approach to growth. We are a fit-for-purpose airline. While the core of 
our product remains the same, we are developing groups of products depending on the routes we 
operate. The product design is focused on fit for purpose and a value-for-money proposition. Our 
product is designed to feel at home for Indians and offer a taste of India for non-Indians. 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
On the cost side, the fuel CASK reduced by 21.9 percent on a year over year basis driven by a 
reduction in average fuel prices, contract negotiation and redeliveries of older generation aircraft, 
which were inducted as part of mitigation measures for the AOG situation. 
The CASK ex fuel ex forex came in at 2.89 rupees, which is lower by 1.5 percent on a sequential 
basis driven by reduction in number of damp leases partially offset by annual increases in airport 
charges and annual increments. 
On a year-over-year basis, the CASK ex fuel ex forex has increased by 1.8 percent primarily due 
to annual contractual increases across line items partially offset by reduction in number of damp 
leases. As communicated earlier, CASK ex fuel ex forex for this financial year is expected to 
remain at similar levels as for the financial year 2025. 
In terms of fleet, during the quarter we inducted 8 aircraft through our captive leasing unit in the 
GIFT city. Further, as guided during the last earnings call, the number of grounded aircraft 
remains stable in forties and with the reduction in number of groundings, we have started 
returning damp-leases from March onwards and have redelivered 16 damp leased aircraft during 
this quarter. The same is reflected in the reduction of our aircraft and rentals line item during this 
quarter.  
Further, we continue to assess the demand and supply situation and remain open to inducting 
additional damp-leases, as we move forward.  
On the balance sheet side, we ended the June quarter with a capitalized operating lease liability of 
468 billion rupees and a total debt of around 685 billion rupees. Our right to use assets at the 
quarter end were around 508 billion rupees. 
Further, our liquidity has improved as we ended the June quarter with free cash of 348 billion 
rupees and restricted cash of 146 billion rupees.  
As part of our strategic initiatives, we launched our venture capital arm, IndiGo Ventures, in 
August 2024 primarily to invest in early-stage startups driving innovation in aviation and allied 
sectors. During the quarter, we achieved a couple of important milestones with the first close of 
fund at INR 450 crores and announced our debut investment in Jeh Aerospace, which is one of 
the fastest growing aerospace startups, based in Hyderabad, focused on high-precision aerospace 
and defense manufacturing. 
Further during the quarter, we also signed an MoU with Bengaluru International Airport Limited 
to develop MRO capabilities. Together with BIAL, we are further shaping the future of Indian 
aviation by focusing on innovation, growth and global connectivity that will define India’s 
leadership in the skies. A dedicated state-of-the-art MRO facility will offer a significant advantage 
in terms of aircraft availability, greater cost efficiencies and quicker turnaround benefiting us and 
our customers. 
Moving on to the capacity guidance, we remain firm on our full year capacity guidance of early 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
double-digit capacity addition. For the second quarter, we have taken a number of proactive steps, 
as part of our annual plan, to align capacity with demand, by adjusting frequencies on certain low-
demand sectors. At the same time, we are using the downtime to conduct structural inspections 
on some aircraft and implement fleet upgrades, ensuring the fleet is fully prepared for the 
seasonally strong third quarter. 
As a result of these adjustments, we are expecting to add capacity in the mid to high single digit 
as compared to the same period last year. 
Further, on the revenue side, basis the July trends, we are estimating similar passenger unit 
revenues (PRASK) for the second quarter as compared to the same period last year. As Pieter 
mentioned, the July trends confirm stabilization, we are expecting further recovery in August and 
September. 
We are focused on our holistic growth to be able to offer affordable, convenient, on-time travel 
experience to our customers on a growing domestic and international route network. We also 
remain determined to maintain our cost leadership while continuously enhancing our operational 
efficiency and profitability, thereby ensuring strong returns to our shareholders’ trust, support, 
and investment. 
With this, let me hand it back to Richa. 
Richa Chhabra: 
Thank you, Pieter, and Gaurav. To answer as many questions as possible, I would like to request 
that each participant limit themselves to one question and one brief follow-up question, if 
needed. And with that, we are ready for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking questions. The 
first question is from Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is actually on your comment on the 2Q ASK guidance. 
At mid to high single digits on a base of last year 2Q, which was also in single digit, so is it a 
reflection of the fact that the slowdown that you started to see in May and June because of the 
disruption, you are expecting it to continue this quarter as well? And if that is the case, can you 
maybe give some colour on whether this is mostly domestic or international, some colour there 
would be very helpful. 
Gaurav Negi: 
On the contrary, actually, the reflection on the ASK is largely driven by the softness that 
typically you see in the Q2 quarters. So, if you see historically, the Q2 quarter is the softest 
quarter in terms of travel related activities, at least on the domestic side. You do have travel on 
the international side. And that's where we continue to keep adding capacity. Like I kind of 
mentioned in the opening remarks, we have taken a judicious call to look at our fleet holistically 
in terms of ensuring that we are not spending too much capacity, but deploying our fleet towards 
maintenance and various activities that we need to serve our aircraft with in the Q2 quarter so 
that we gear up to be able to scale up in the Q3 quarter. So, deploying too much capacity in the 
Q2 quarter, which is the softest, doesn't make sense. So, that's what we have done. You will see 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
that year-over-year, we have already grown a lot of capacity. And that same translates now with 
a single digit growth for this particular quarter. But on the whole, what I also mentioned for the 
whole year, we are still committed to an early double-digit growth in the capacity numbers. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay, yes, I appreciate the fact that 2Q is a soft quarter. But actually, my question was more 
regarding that last year 2Q was also a soft quarter. And on a YoY basis, still the growth seems 
low. But I guess you are expecting a bigger growth to come back in 3Q and 4Q? 
Pieter Elbers: 
No, every year you will find Q2 being a soft quarter. Like in Europe, every year, Q1 of the 
calendar year is a soft quarter. So, in India, Q2 is every year a soft quarter. So, despite the fact 
that it's a soft quarter, we are moderating our capacity to a single digit number. Single digit, by 
the way, still allows us to grow. We also have still room in the load factor to further grow. We 
have adjusted our capacity and made sure that, for example, we have reduced some of our damp 
leases and that should help us also even from a financial perspective. So, I would say it's a very 
normal trend. Every year you find Q2 not to be a great quarter. It was included, by the way, in 
our initial planning. Otherwise, we would have also revised our guidance for the entire year, 
which we haven't. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay, great. Thank you. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Krupashankar from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Krupashankar: 
Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the A321XLR 
deliveries. We do note that there are considerable delays with respect to these capacities coming 
in. How does that shape up your guidance post FY26, probably over the medium term? And how 
do you see this ramp up coming through? 
Pieter Elbers: 
We still expect our XLR to come in this year. There is no change in that. That was perhaps, if 
you would have asked that question two years back, there was a different day. But this one now 
is very consistent. We still expect that plane to come in this year itself. And thereafter, we 
continue to build our network in the calendar year following, which is the calendar year of '26. 
We are not having yet given any capacity guidance for FY27, and neither are we going to do 
today. But what we have demonstrated, I think, over the years is that we have the ability to find 
alternative aircraft if needed so. And clearly, the planes which I alluded to earlier, the planes 
which we have taken from Norse are really helping us to step up our international footprint on 
the longer haul as well. 
Krupashankar: 
Got it. The second question is on the implementation of flight duty time limitations, which 
started from July 1st. Just wanted to get a sense, is the employee cost in 1st quarter a fair 
reflection of the increase, which is likely because of the implementation of this norm, or you do 
anticipate a further increase coming in from second quarter onwards? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Krupa, the first quarter reflects the normalized increase that the employees get every year. So, it 
kicks in in the first quarter. That's what you get to see over here. The implementation of the 
FDTL starts from 1st of July. Most of it is going to get absorbed through efficiencies that we are 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
looking in-house. The second phase starts off around the November time frame. That particular 
thing is still under evaluation in terms of what exactly is going to be the changes that are being 
kind of recommended by the regulators. So, what you see in the first quarter is largely the annual 
increases that are across the board for all the employees. 
Krupashankar: 
Okay, got it. Thanks a lot, and I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Binay Singh: 
Hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity. A very good quarter given the volatile environment that 
we were facing. Two questions, one on international and one on the Mumbai airport change. On 
the international side, in a few calls back, we had talked about rising competition, especially 
from Middle East carrier in the international space. Could you comment a little bit about how is 
international profitability been for you? I know it's very early to comment on the long-haul flight 
that you've started, but any initial feedback on load factors also over there? The second is on this 
year, we will see the change in the Mumbai airport. Do you expect any disruption to operations 
or any market share losses because of that change? Only these two questions, Thanks. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Thank you. You thanked us for the opportunity, and I thank you for the reflection on this quarter 
by quoting it a very good quarter. That's exactly how we would reflect on it, given all what 
happened in India and outside India and then still to have a Rs. 2,200 crore and 11% margin was 
our qualification as well. So, thank you for highlighting that. Coming back to the international, 
indeed we have grown significantly on the international front. We had significant expansions to 
Abu Dhabi, Muscat, Dammam, Ras Al Khaimah, and more recently also Fujairah was added to 
it. And clearly, there we have competition both from the Indian operators as well as from the 
local operators in that part. I think we continue to believe that IndiGo is very well-positioned to 
deal with that competition. The four customer promises we are having underpinned by a 
relentless focus on keeping our cost leadership is really, really helping us to deal with that 
competition. The fact that the market has grown 5% to 6%, and that's a combination of domestic 
and international, and IndiGo has grown 12%, I think that speaks for itself in terms of dealing 
with that. So, that competition is there. We welcome competition. It's good it's there. But for us, 
we feel that our proposition and our cost leadership are equipping us very well to deal with that 
regional competition. When it comes to the new flights to Amsterdam and Manchester, really, I 
think it's a great opportunity for Indian travellers to fly nonstop to these destinations. And 
Manchester, again, wasn't served directly. Now IndiGo provides a direct service. I had the 
pleasure of being on that flight and being in Manchester myself. Wonderful to see how not only 
the Indian community in Manchester is responding very positive, but also the British business 
community is responding positive. And the recent agreement between the UK and India will 
further drive business development between the two countries. And I think our flight, therefore, 
is very well-timed and that allows us to step up. We have seen a very positive response. We 
went actually out live just after less than a month of open for sale and we have seen both 
bookings from the European as well as from the Indian side. Another thing maybe to highlight 
here, and that aligns very much with the vision of the Indian government, is that we actually do 
see quite a few customers connecting in Mumbai and using the IndiGo flight to connect to places 
in Southeast Asia or Sri Lanka or other parts where our network really provides a very 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
competitive opportunity. And the geographical position of India clearly positions us very well 
to deal with that traffic as well. And for precisely that reason, we have decided to step up the 
number of frequencies and further build on that. To your second question on, do you expect any 
disturbance in Mumbai? Changing of terminals and opening and closing of it, there is always 
going to be some disturbance and some disruption. But I take the example what happened in 
Delhi with the closing of T2. I think it's actually very impressive how collectively the entire 
system, the airport, and the operators, have dealt with such a massive change in re-
accommodating at other places then fine tuning. So, I am not ruling out that we will have some 
operational effects, but I am very confident that we will be able to minimize any disruption and 
any impact for our customers on that. 
Binay Singh: 
Thanks for that, Pieter. So, fair to assume no market share losses or anything that you foresee 
because of that change? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Market share is always an outcome. And if you see today's market share of IndiGo, it's an 
outcome of all the things we have been doing. And we continue to do what we do, and we are 
not focused on every month, whether the market share goes a bit up or it moderates or it goes 
down by 0.5% or whatever. So, our focus is continuing to serve our customers, keep our cost 
leadership, build our network. And again, I think the numbers speak for themselves. 
Binay Singh: 
Great. Thanks for the detailed response. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I will go ahead with my question. The first one was on load 
factors. There is a unique position that is emanating on both domestic and international legs for 
IndiGo as a lead over others. I wanted to check with you whether this is more linked to let's say 
smart pricing yield management or is that an increasing preference for customers to fly IndiGo 
versus other elements that you are trying to pick up? 
Pieter Elbers: 
So, the line was a bit cracking. You asked about the load factor, that it was lower or lower 
compared to others. I am not exactly sure. 
Aditya Mongia: 
So, let me repeat the question. We have seen in recent months the load factor of IndiGo being 
much better than that of competition. And this is true in carriers both on domestic and 
international routes. I wanted to check whether the same is a function of smarter pricing by 
IndiGo or is there an increased preference that you are seeing of customers traveling IndiGo? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Yes, I would almost say all of the above, Sir. We have in that first quarter; we have an 85% load 
factor. And you have seen that it's slightly lower than it was last year, but significantly larger 
than some of our competitors. And what we do is indeed, we have a focused strategy in that. But 
to the two points you mentioned, allow me to add a third one. I think the network of IndiGo is 
really supporting that. And the fact that we do operate to the 93 destinations in the country itself 
makes that if we connect a new city to, especially if we connect it to one of the larger cities in 
the network, it's not only a connection between two points, but in fact, it adds a connection to 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
the entire network of IndiGo. And I think that really is helpful. So, that goes for domestic, and 
obviously that also goes for some of the international additions we have done. They are 
connecting to the point they are operated from, but they are also connecting from that point to a 
whole lot of domestic Indian destinations. So, I think our network really should also be taken 
into consideration next to the other two points which you have mentioned. And therefore, the 
power of our network is a great asset for our customers, wherever you have to go in India, 
actually IndiGo serves it. And just as a reminder for everyone, 90% of the Indian population 
lives within 100 kilometres of an IndiGo served airport. That's a phenomenal number, I would 
say. And that helps us really also to stimulate the load factor. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. The second question that I had was more on the fuel cost movement on a quarter-
to-quarter basis. Now it seems to be much larger than what could be explained by the movement 
in ATF prices. Is this solely reflective of the increased fuel efficiency that is coming from damp 
leases going out? Or are there any other one-off factors that we should be taking into account? 
Gaurav Negi: 
So, Aditya, it's going to be a factor of where the ATF prices are. On top of that, incremental to 
that is going to be the damp leases that are being reduced, which was part of our network, as 
well as some of the negotiations that we have recently done related to our fuel being acquired 
from the oil market companies. So, the combination of those three factors is what is driving the 
fuel down 
Aditya Mongia: 
Yes, well, just to confirm, this can be sustained at the current levels if ATF prices don't change, 
right? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Yes. So, the first two can be, but the damp lease impact has already come through. So, as we 
reduce the damp leases, that would have already kind of diluted itself. So, that's already played 
out. But the ATF prices and the negotiated prices that we have is going to play itself out at least 
for this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question. So, first is on aircraft rental. We have seen a pretty 
significant dip in the quarter. But parallelly, the other income number has not really changed 
much. Now, our understanding was that as the AOGs come back, both your other income as well 
as aircraft rentals will go down as the damp leases go away. So, just help me reconcile whether 
the current rate of aircraft rental is going to sustain? And parallelly, how does this play out in 
the other income number? 
Gaurav Negi: 
So, what you are looking at as the other income is largely going to be finance income that we 
have. You've got other operating income if you are looking at that, you will probably see a 
reflection in terms of what we get related to the rentals that you are trying to extrapolate. So, the 
aircraft rental is directly proportional to the number of damp leases that we have. So, that number 
continues to go down. Having said that, this number will stabilize because now we will be taking 
the Norse aircraft also which are coming in. So, while the narrow-body damp leases will come 
down, but as was called out, that we are now going to be increasing the number of leases that 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
we have on the wide-body side. So, we already have one. There are 5 more coming in this year. 
So, that's why the aircraft rental line will probably reflect now more of the wide bodies than of 
the damp leases that we had on the narrow bodies. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure, this is clear. So, my second question is on yield. When you guide for yield, which will be 
flat on a YoY basis in second quarter based on what you are seeing today, this is what you see 
today or based on the assumption that it will increase through August and September? 
Gaurav Negi: 
So, given that we are giving a guidance for the whole of Q2, this is what we expect that it will 
be. So, we are estimating again for August and September. We are seeing some improvements 
that already started to happen from June to July. That same trend we are expecting will continue 
to keep improving going into August and September. And I am saying this on a year-over-year 
basis. So, on a year-over-year basis, what we are saying is we are going to be in line in terms of 
price to what it was last year. But having said that, we have experienced a significant softness 
in June. We have seen some improvement already happening in July. So, there is some bit of 
stabilization. We expect this to improve in August and September leading to a year-over-year 
kind of a flattish price that we anticipate. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay, very clear. Thank you so much, Gaurav. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Thanks, Pulkit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Ankur from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the continuous market share gain there. 
First question on the overheads or the overall cost side. Just wanted your thoughts on while your 
earlier guidance was that on non-fuel basis, we will be likely able to maintain these numbers on 
a YoY basis. Any specific line items wherein you are seeing slightly higher inflationary trend, 
especially among the other expenses and the airport fee and charges? 
Gaurav Negi: 
So, largely on that, like I said that we are expecting that the overall CASK ex-fuel ex-forex is 
going to be in line with what it was last year, '25. And the '25 was a little elevated because of 
the damp leases that we had taken. We had taken significant amount of damp leases to offset the 
AOG situation. As that came down, the cost in other line items that we have across the P&L is 
going to have their natural inflation/escalations that are going to come in through. So, as a result, 
the CASK ex-fuel ex-forex for the whole year, we are expecting to be flattish compared to '25. 
Now this is across the line items while fuel has been a little benign. But in other line items related 
to maintenance, airport charges, airport fees, international airports that we have, as well as other 
expenses, we will have our natural inflation/escalations that is going to come in. But the 
guidance has been that FY26 is going to be in line with what FY25 was on a unit basis, on a 
CASK ex-fuel ex-forex basis. 
Ankur: 
Sure, Gaurav, that's helpful. And just one clarification, the narrow body leases are coming down 
while the wide bodies will be going up. So, from a, let's say Q1 versus maybe a Q2 or Q3, the 
other operating income here will go up in sync with the increase in cost at the aircraft rental side. 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Will that be a fair assumption? 
Gaurav Negi: 
No. The other operating income had largely the AOG-related claims that we were getting. So, 
the AOG, so it's going to be directly proportional to the number of AOGs we will continue to 
carry. If the AOG numbers, which has been declining, so it was in the mid-70s, that's why the 
number used to be high. It's already moderated down to the 40s that we called up. As this number 
goes down, the AOG-related claims will go down. So, as a result, that particular line item will 
also start moderating downwards. The rental side is what you pay for these damp leases. The 
wide bodies will start coming in. Having said that, while the damp leases for the narrow body, 
we have already moderated, given it's a softer quarter, Q2, we are returning most of them. Given 
the Q3 and Q4 demand that we project is going to be strong, we will assess if we need more of 
these damp leases to then serve again the demand that we foresee coming through in Q3 and Q4. 
Ankur: 
Okay, that's helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Hi, team. Thanks for taking my question. So, I have two. First of all, could you please give a bit 
of a colour in terms of the increased aircraft incidents in the recent months at IndiGo? What's 
happening there? Is there a specific maintenance problem? What exactly is happening and what 
are you doing? Because just taking forward from Air India crash, of course, there is a bit of 
fearness and then, of course, we can see a lot of increased aircraft incidents these days. So, what's 
happening? My second question is about, so Indian government recently increased the number 
of seats by 50% under the bilateral agreement with Kuwait, which is definitely an interesting 
move. How do you see that? And do you think we are close to further increase the number of 
seats to other Middle East destinations? Everybody is sort of begging to Indian government to 
increase. And if that happens, do you see increased competition from the Middle East carriers? 
Thank you. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Let me start with your second question. I think some of the bilateral have been changed recently. 
I think the Indian government has concluded bilateral agreements with Thailand, with Indonesia, 
and I believe there is other discussions underway. So, I think the philosophy here, and we shared 
that before, if there is a desire on both the foreign and the Indian side to increase the bilateral 
regime, then there is an opportunity to expand. But as long as both sides are not aligned on either 
the need or the sort of opportunity, then it's not taking place. So, I would say some of the recently 
concluded increased bilateral are being filled and if we take Thailand as an example, there is 
additional frequencies being concluded. Indian operators, not only IndiGo, but also other Indian 
operators are operating additional flights into Thailand. If I am correct, also Kuwait recently has 
been updated in terms of when it comes to the air service agreement. And that is also a reflection, 
I guess, of an update being done. And again, the Indian government takes a holistic approach 
and a holistic chance to this. And whenever there is additional frequencies being granted, Indian 
operators will operate them. But there has to be, and I shared that before in an international 
forum, it's a bilateral service agreement. So, that means that two sides must be of the view that 
changes have to be made. And if one side of the view is making more noise, it doesn't mean that 
you are more right. Coming back to your first point, I think what is important to underline, 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
IndiGo is having in place a robust safety management system and is totally aligned with not only 
all local regulations and standards and protocols, but also aligned with ICAO as the international 
body on that. We do operate 2,200 flights on a daily basis. And that's why aviation industry as 
a total is still one of the safest modes of transportation. There is a lot of protocols and experiences 
and things coming into place. Obviously, after the tragic incident, it has a highlighted sensitivity 
in elements which are happening. And there is a lot of focus on things which may not got the 
news six months ago, which are coming in the news now. But IndiGo, as I said, has a robust 
system in place, continues to focus. There is always an evaluation of every event, what happens. 
There is a close liaison with not only the regulator, but also the OEMs whenever incidents are 
occurring and we learn and develop on all of them. If we look to the technical dispatch reliability 
of IndiGo's operation, it's a very high technical dispatch reliability. I would call it one of the 
leading in the industry. And with that, we continue to focus on the operation and safety can and 
should never be taken for granted. So, it has our daily attention and our daily focus, deeply 
rooted in the company and full focus on that. 
Achal Kumar: 
Thank you. I will come in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Arvind Sharma from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. My question would be on the yield trends that were 
reported for 1QFY26. It was down YoY. Is it just a high base or like you said, the various 
unfortunate events that happened while you said that 2Q, it should be flattish YoY? Purely on 
1Q numbers, what should one assume that how much was the impact of the high base? And how 
much do you think was because of the unfortunate events that unfolded in 1Q? Purely on the 
yield part, traffic, we have the data. 
Gaurav Negi: 
No, Arvind, if you look at April, the trending in the April, that was on a year-over-year basis 
was coming even stronger than what it was in FY25. So, these are all largely impacted by the 
events that we have spoken because our best reflection is the fact that April was coming very 
strong. It was on the back of a very strong Q4 also, given that we had a very strong Q4 last year. 
But April is an indication that the yields were holding up and were improving year-over-year 
basis. But these unfortunate events that transpired had then seen a significant moderation in the 
yield levels. Despite that moderation, like we said, the demand was very strong still. So, the 
moderation in the yields happened, but the demands will continue to be very, very strong. And 
as a result, so to your question, Q1 is more a reflection, at least from our vantage point, is a 
reflection of the external factors that played their role based on what we saw in April. And the 
same trend that, like I mentioned, in July, we are seeing some stabilization. We are hopeful that 
August and September is going to at least offset some of those, the recovery that we are trying 
to do, both from a May, June, July standpoint, in terms of the trend. So, August and September 
is going to be better. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Thanks. Thanks so much for this. And staying with the demand, just a corollary to it. You said 
that 2Q, the ASK would be mid-to-high single digit because you are reassessing some of the 
lower traffic routes. Does that mean that from a demand perspective or RPK, if you may term 
that, it would not be as bad? I mean, it would be probably better than the mid to high single digit 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
what you are building in? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Again, it's going to be a factor of also where the overall market is going to be. We are anticipating 
that the demand side is going to be stronger because there is a lot of capacity that the industry is 
taking out. Typically, in Q2, you will find most of the airlines taking out a lot of their capacities. 
Given the capacity is going to be lower, the demand is going to be stronger. We anticipate that 
the load factors are going to be stronger and likewise the demand should be stronger for us also 
because we see across the board reduction in capacity right now. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much for the answers. That's all from my side. Thanks again. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Thanks, Arvind. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kushagra from CWC Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kushagra: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. One is factoring in 2Q guidance and your 
comment on the full FY26 guidance. It appears that there is little room for error, and you need 
to add significant quote-unquote capacities, right? So, can you give us some more sense on 
what's going to help there? Is it largely those accelerated reversal of AOGs or it's going to be 
addition of new planes or some deferment of the database? Some sense there if you can give. 
That's the first question. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Well, it may be good to repeat that IndiGo has not only the world's largest order book, but last 
year there was no airline in the world which took more planes than IndiGo. We continue to have 
and I am not aware of all the precise order books of others, but IndiGo continues to have a plane 
being delivered each and every week. So, that allows us also with a combination of phasing in 
and phasing out the aircraft with stepping up or stepping down the number of damp leases to 
adjust our network very much to the seasonal demand. So, I would slightly disagree with your 
statement that airlines do not have a lot of ability to fluctuate their capacity on a quarterly basis. 
I think in the first quarter we delivered a capacity growth of 16% year-over-year. In the second 
quarter we spoke about we intentionally reduce it a bit in order to adjust our network and our 
offered capacity with the seasonality of the demand and we are very confident that we can step 
it up again in Q3 and Q4 by the factors which I just mentioned and those are the classical very 
strong quarters which by the way is pretty similar to what we have done last year in terms of our 
strategy. And here what you see that as the Indian aviation market matures and today already it's 
the third largest aviation market in the world. As the Indian aviation market matures, we will 
see increasingly trends which are very common in other parts of the world with high season and 
peak season and lower season and clearly, I think the agility IndiGo has demonstrated over the 
past years is also being projected on this year. So, that makes us confident that adjusted a lower 
I should say not adjusted a lower, a plan lower because it's in line with planning, a lower single 
digit growth in Q2 can be followed by a double-digit growth in Q3 and Q4. 
Kushagra: 
Awesome. All right. Second question, so can you give us some sense on the increase in the 
aircraft cost which you have negotiated with the OEMs and this is due to this whole geopolitical 
stuff some sense there and if I can chip in one more data question so every time you call out that 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
international is 30% of the ASKs on the revenue front we got this it's around 23% odd, so if you 
can give a some number a similar number on the profitability side as well, those were my 
questions. Thank you. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Again, no guidance on profitability for the future quarters. Related to the question on the 
negotiated cost of an aircraft, the deliveries that we are getting is actually from our 2015 order 
book. So, this was something that was negotiated back in 2015, those are the deliveries. So, it 
kind of reflects on the pipeline to Peiter's point the order book that we have of more than 900 
aircrafts, the surety of the supply chain is reflective of the fact that even today we are getting 
deliveries from our 2015 negotiated order book. There is still a 2019 and a 2023 order book that 
is yet to be executed. So, there is no kind of negotiation happening on the pricing of the aircraft 
now. 
Kushagra: 
All right. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. In the interest of time, we will be able to take one last question. We take 
the last question from Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes, I just have one bookkeeping question. Can you highlight what are the benefits of having a 
finance lease versus having an operating lease because if I look at our total finance lease count 
that has increased to about 69 from 31 in the base quarter and if I am right in finance lease the 
depreciation and interest cost is higher in the initial period which is also hurting our profitability 
to a certain extent. So, is there any specific advantage that we get from having the finance lease 
versus operating lease? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Jinesh, I will probably answer in short, but you can follow this up with the IR team. But the 
benefit of a finance lease is that you have an option to buy out the aircraft at the end of the lease 
term. In an operating lease you are basically returning an asset. You already know what the 
situation of the supply chain is across the globe related to aircrafts; everyone would love to 
possess an aircraft. So, in that regard as we look towards and from our standpoint we are looking 
at building an airline which is going to have ownership of the assets so that's why we drove that 
ship from largely doing operating leases for a large part of our existence of 16, 17, 18 years we 
are shifting now that we will start owning aircrafts and the finance lease approach is the first 
step towards that, but you can always get in touch with the IR team, they will take you through 
the accounting. You are right, there are some trade-offs, but the biggest benefit is going to be 
ownership and that's where our MRO strategy also comes in because once you start owning 
these aircrafts you will also have your own MROs to maintain these aircrafts. So, it's kind of an 
integrated approach that we are talking about. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that, and I know we have spoken about this a lot in today's call, but I just want to get some 
better understanding of the ASK guidance of mid to high single digit for 2Q. So, even if I agree 
with 5% growth, I get an ASK of about 40,000 odd which is a decline on sequential basis. Even 
a high digit number of about 8% presents an ASK of approximately 41,000 odd which again is 
a decline on a sequential basis so while you have mentioned that 2Q is always softer than 1Q, 
historically I mean even if I look at FY25 or even FY24 our 2Q ASK number has not been lower 

IndiGo 
Jul 30, 2025 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
than 1Q. So, in that context how to read this guidance. I know that for the full year we are not 
changing our guidance, but does it mean that in 2Q we are expecting some significant different 
demand or anything specific which you want to highlight given how the trend is in FY26 versus 
the earlier years? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Again, if you look at Q1 because you are comparing from a Q1 standpoint like we said we had 
damp leases also operating in Q1 because it's a peak we anticipated this to be a peak quarter in 
that regard. So, as a result you deploy capacity to serve the passengers. You know that Q2 is 
going to be a soft quarter, there is no point deploying a lot of capacity during this particular 
quarter and that's the judicial planning that we talked about. We are not deploying more capacity 
it's going to be a softer quarter. Having said that the point Pieter also made Q3, Q4 is going to 
be a stronger kind of a quarter we anticipate that and that's where we will deploy our capacity 
and bring in capacity. It could be in all forms, it could be in the form of new deliveries that are 
coming in which are now scheduled so that they are timed in a manner where they are being 
received in a peak period, ready for the peak period that is coming in the second half, it could 
be in terms of additional damp leases that we try to bring in. So, all put together if you wrap this, 
we are still committed to an early double-digit capacity growth for the full year. So, we have 
already done 16% capacity growth in this particular this sizable it's much more than anyone else 
that is, any other airline that is putting in so we are balancing this out in terms of manage the 
downside especially of a softer quarter. The total year guidance is still holding true; we will be 
growing early double digits. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pieter Elbers for closing comments. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us in this call. The 
June quarter was marked by a series of external impactful events, geopolitical headwinds, tragic 
safety event in the industry and airport and airspace closures. With these events we still saw a 
strong growth of around 12% in number of passengers for IndiGo - double the industry growth 
of 5% to 6% and a very resilient quarter despite industry headwinds and it brought us Rs. 2,200 
crores of profit and 11% of margin. Basis the stabilization of trends in the second quarter, we 
remain very confident of a strong rebound and robust growth in the third and the fourth quarter. 
The steps we have recently announced demonstrate our conviction in the long-term growth story 
of Indian aviation. Ladies and gentlemen, once again thank you for joining and looking forward 
to talking to you next quarter and for now thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of IndiGo that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
  Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and is not a verbatim record of the call  
 
