 
 
Ksolves India Limited (Formerly known as Ksolves India Private Limited) 
Registered. Office.: 317/276-Second floor, Lane No.3, Mehrauli Road, Saidulajab, Saket, New Delhi-110030,  
Corporate Office: C-28,29, Second floor, C-Block, Smartworks, Tower -D, Logix Cyber Park, Sector 62, Noida, UP - 201301 
Telephone No: 0120-4983851 Email Id: cs@ksolves.com Website: www.ksolves.com   
CIN: L72900DL2014PLC269020 
 
 
Date: July 28, 2025 
 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Listing Compliance 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q1FY26. 
 
Ref: Reg. 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543599; NSE Symbol; KSOLVES; ISIN: INE0D6I01023 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith the transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q1FY26. 
 
 
        
For Ksolves India Limited 
 
 
Manisha Kide 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANISHA 
KIDE
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA KIDE 
Date: 2025.07.28 
21:08:33 +05'30'

 
 
KSOLVES INDIA LIMITED 
 
Q1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
July 21, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Mr. Ratan Srivastava - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Umang Soni - Chief Financial Officer 
CA Darpan Audichya - Head of Business Transformation and Consulting 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY '26 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Ksolves India Limited. Today on the call from the 
management team we have with us Mr. Ratan Srivastava, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Umang Soni, Chief Financial Officer; and CA. 
Darpan Audichya, Head of Business Transformation and Consulting. 
 
As a standard disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call 
may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain 
risks and uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
In terms of the structure of today's call, Mr. Umang Soni will take you 
through the detailed financial performance, followed by Darpan, who 
will outline the business vision and strategic road map for the coming 
year. And in the Q&A session, Mr. Ratan Srivastava will be addressing 
your questions. 
 
With that, I now request Umang and Darpan to take us through the 
business and performance highlights for the quarter ended June 2025. 
Over to the management team. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Thank you, Vinay. And good evening, everyone, and welcome to 
Ksolves' Q1 FY '26 earnings call. We are genuinely excited to share not 
just our numbers today, but the story behind them, our strategic choices 
and the incredible people who make our success possible. So, starting 
with what matters the most. So Darpan, next. 
 
Yes, so let me begin with which you are here to learn about. So, our 
performance has been strong, with revenue from operations for the 
quarter growing 19.3% year-on-year and reflects a double-digit 
sequential quarter-on-quarter growth of 13%. Our OPM stood at 26.4% 
and PAT margin at 17.1% for the quarter. And this 17.1% PAT margin 
and EBITDA, so 26.4% EBITDA margin in Technology Services 
reflects key strengths that is our pricing power that we are not 
competing solely on our cost, but we are delivering value that the clients 
are willing to pay premium rates for along with our financial 
management that indicates that our growth is a profitable growth. 
 
And further, the Board has declared first interim dividend of ₹1 per 
share. So, thank you, everyone, who believed in our vision. And what 
does this margin reflect for our stakeholders? So, for our shareholders, 
this operating profit margin and PAT margin represents sustainable 
returns. For our employees, it represents job security and growth 
opportunities. For our clients, it represents a financially stable partner 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
who will be here for the long-term to support their digital 
transformation journeys. Next. 
 
So, this slide depicts our sequential quarter-on-quarter growth with 
EBITDA up by 16.3% and PAT up by 9.6%. Next slide. 
 
So, this slide depicts our performance with the same quarter last year. 
As you can see, so now coming to next slide, which will like to be 
completely transparent about something that might concern some of 
you. So, our EBITDA margins for this quarter was 26.4% as compared 
to 38.06%, same quarter of last year. But what we need you to 
understand that this wasn't a decline in our operational excellence. This 
was a series of strategic investments we made in our future, which we 
also discussed in last quarter's earnings call as well. 
 
So let me share what these investments really mean and the real story 
behind them. So, we invested ₹66 lakhs in ESOP expenses as compared 
to last year, same quarter. So, we believe that our people come first. 
Then ₹1.24 crores was spent on building our leadership and top-level 
hirings, because they bring the experience and they will take us to what 
exactly where we want to be in the next five years. And the next ₹1.93 
crores investment in events and market presence. So that's a strategic 
investment we made for our brand recognition by attending at large 
industry events where our potential clients approach us, and they finally 
understand what Ksolves do and how Ksolves do it differently. 
 
So, if we exclude these investments, our adjusted EBITDA margin 
would grow up by 10.64%, which is approximate around 37%, identical 
to last year same quarter. So, these investments position us for 
accelerated growth in the quarters ahead. Next. 
 
So, this data of top five customers who shows trust in us, contributing 
42% of our revenue and top 10 contributing 58%. And it's the quality 
of partnership. You can see that we are now working with Fortune 500 
companies and top 100 global banking brands and many other big high-
profile brands as well. So, as I reflect on this quarter, we are filled with 
genuine optimism. We made investments that impacted our margins in 
the short term. But being in business long enough, we know that the 
best investments may often look costly in the short term, but brilliant in 
the hindsight. 
 
So, thank you, everyone, for your trust, your patience with our strategic 
choices and your continued partnership in this journey. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
With this, I will pass the call to Mr. Darpan to explain further. 
 
Darpan Audichya: 
 Thank you, everyone. I think we started with a good thought around 
numbers. And there is a defined story behind numbers around what we 
are doing and how we are doing and what is the progress we have made. 
What is our vision, which actually drives the whole thought around the 
organisation. So, I'll take this opportunity, not a long thing, but I will 
take this opportunity to showcase how Ksolves is working here, what 
culture Ksolves has created till now, and then what is the 
foresightedness, which we are having for next quarters or supposedly 
years. 
 
But before that, it's a good milestone, which we are celebrating this 
quarter, the milestone of five successful years of listing. So, I wanted 
this to be celebrated first before we start on any story or any thoughts. 
And that's a core milestone or core effort, which is driven by the team 
plus by the investors who are here to support us and to trust on the 
thoughts, which Ksolves has been driving from last five years. So, thank 
you, everyone. Thank you, everyone, for your continuous trust and 
unwavering support. 
 
We have completed 20 quarters, five good years in the market. And the 
market capitalisation has also grown tremendously from last five years, 
that is a whopping 5,780% rise. With this, we'll still be a total debt-free 
company, which is an achievement in these days for any organisation. 
And we have given tremendous results, 10x of revenue, 50x of profit. 
We have given tremendous results in the last five years. Excluding one 
or two quarters up and down, we have been consistently driving or 
giving results around revenue, profit, growth, technology everywhere. 
So, a big shout on the whole stakeholder team, the whole forum through 
which we are connected and delivering things for this specific 
milestone, this amazing milestone. 
 
Let me showcase some more things or some more strengths, which we 
were able to create in last 13 years of innovating things or five years of 
this specific enlisting milestone. The team, which was actually 
somewhere around 100 plus has grown to 600 or somewhere around 
550 plus in these five years. And coincidentally, the good achievement 
for us is that 50% of that initial team is still with us. So that's the culture, 
that's the bond which we have created. And you can understand any IT 
organisation is actually more connected with the team and the skills 
which they possess because these are the core assets which we drive, 
which we connect for any specific evolving technology or any specific 
service delivery, which we are doing for the organisation. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
 
So, we actually keep a proud moment for us as a team that we have been 
growing tremendously and enhancing the culture of the team. The profit 
that I mentioned has been actually connected with the team and the 
stakeholders, which we are driving with. 
 
Now a good thing or a thing or an achievement is that team is not 
directly getting connected with Mr. Ratan, who is our CEO and 
Founder. The team is actually creating leadership layers in the 
environment, in the ecosystem. That means that there is a hierarchy, 
which is getting created in the organisation. Earlier, what was 
happening, everyone was connected or directly linked with Mr. Ratan 
and his initial conversations was with that team weekly or monthly 
supposedly. 
 
But now, even the leaders are actually able to create their own team. 
There are multiple such examples, which are available in the whole 
organisation. I'll just take a few names. Mr. Om Prakash, who is actually 
leading the Odoo team. He is actually taking up the position of Delivery 
head ERP. He has been driving the team from last 13 years. He was the 
initial team member of this organisation. He is now leading the whole 
team of Odoo, whole practice of Odoo, which is actually a helpful thing 
for the whole organisation. And under his leadership, now people are 
able to complete seven years, five years of time. That means it is not 
only connected with one person. It is not a one person show now. It is 
actually driven among multiple leaders. 
 
Similarly, Mr. Anil, who has been the fore founders of this specific 
organisation who was the initial member of this specific organisation is 
actually connected as a Technical Lead now and driving his own team 
for multiple specific areas. Similarly, Ms. Kirti Sharma, who has been 
delivering good around the business development has also been driving 
things. And under her leadership, there are multiple members who have 
completed five years of this -- like stay in the organisation. 
 
So that's around the team area or that's around the culture, which we are 
bringing. We actually recently onboarded multiple people from outside 
organisations also to enhance this thought to accelerate the growth, 
which are also now maintaining the multiple pillars of our organisation. 
Like supposedly, I'll take an example, Mr. Jerry, whom we onboarded 
as VP Salesforce, is now actually taking lead around the salesforce and 
giving a global exposure to the organisation, to the Ksolves. Similarly, 
Mr. Nishant, who joined us in the last year, he is taking lead around AI. 
He is actually positioned as VP AI, and he is taking lead around the 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
artificial intelligence and GenAI evolving technologies, which are 
coming up in the market. 
 
Mr. Aseem, who has joined us as Director of Program and Operations, 
is giving exceptional support and specific standards, setting specific 
standards in the organisation to enhance the operations and to be very 
vigilant around the costs and supposedly the procedures which we were 
creating. People are coming from multiple experiences and are actually 
helping the Ksolves to grow around the organisational thought. 
 
I, myself, is leading the specific area of Business Transformation and 
Consulting, initiating a new practice around the organisation to lead 
more on RFPs and detailed deliberations. With this, it's not only the 
employees or leaders whom we are connected with. The exposure is 
also going tremendously high. In last five years, we have been able to 
move the ticket size from supposedly $10,000 to now $600,000, that is 
not a one day or one year job. It's a rigorous growth of five years or 
supposedly the initial 13 years, which I'm talking about, through which 
we are now able to get an exposure of global services, multiple clients 
and organisations. 
 
Now we are able to send our people, we are able to connect with our 
clients globally also, which actually gives a good position to us in 
negotiating, in communicating. Our team members are connected with 
our clients, not through Teams or Google Meet, they are connected 
face-to-face also on multiple occasions during the year. That exposure 
is actually helping them to connect with the client apart from formal 
discussions to informal thoughts also, like it is not a black box, how 
Europe is or how U.S. is or how Dubai is now for our employees. We 
are very much connected with the thought. We are very much driven 
into the thought, and we are able to deliver to their expectation there. 
 
The clients have also grown tremendously, initial client size, initial 
ticket size, initial exposure, everything has grown. Like I mentioned, 
$10,000, or supposedly a deal which was initially being discussed in 
one day or two days is being now taken up for multiple iterations, 
multiple deliberations and finally coming up on their own expectations, 
and the delivery cycle is also growing. Initially, supposedly, if you were 
closing out any specific delivery in one month or two months has now 
been into a ticket size of one year. So that's a consistent growth or 
consistent inflow, which we are getting from these specific ticket details 
and supposedly ticket clients' intentions. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Now consider a thought that technology is also evolving from the last 
13 years. It is not that we are actually coming up or going ahead with 
the same specific technology. That's the beauty of Ksolves. We have 
been involving. We have been showcasing our expertise in multiple 
such technologies, which actually initiated in this specific middle 
frame, like supposedly GenAI, AI, Salesforce, Odoo, whatever it is, you 
count, you mention the name, and we have an expert for that specific 
thing. 
 
That's because we have always been evolving. We have actually created 
our own niche-specific set to grow and to showcase our experience on 
the big platform. Now this actually is helping us to be on a front step or 
supposedly a one step ahead of the organisation to showcase what we 
have been delivering. And this is how we are creating our own intrinsic 
value or our own specific real value through all these factors. 
 
The expansion was also very much good. We actually expanded to 
multiple Indian cities in these five years, setting up our offices in Indore 
and Pune. And globally also, we were actually visible in U.S. and Dubai 
for all the specific set of clients which were there. In these five years, 
we'll say the global visibility has also increased. We have started 
participating in multiple events. It is not a participation or presence just 
by being there, it is a participation wherein we are sharing the stage. 
Our CTO, our CEO, our VP are sharing the stage and showcasing what 
we are able to deliver, what we have as a capability. 
 
And we are now getting multiple leads from there also. The client 
satisfaction has always been a priority for us. We have been continuing 
with a high rate of client satisfaction, somewhere around 85% or more 
and we have been continuing with all the clients, there are multiple 
clients which are connected to us from last five years or before. With 
this, we again connect with the same thought. All these are getting 
converted into strong financial performances and public trust. Like I 
mentioned, our prudent financial policies and strong financial 
performance help us to deliver the best. 
 
This is very much or aptly connected with the value we have created for 
the shareholders. As you can see on the screen, the initial investment of 
₹120,000 when we were listed is actually now on an absolute term is 
delivering ₹75 lakhs of whopping return. 
 
So that's the specific or that's the conversion we have done in the last 
five years on those initial invested amount. We have delivered multiple 
splits bonus, etc. And with all these, we have been able to pay good 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
dividend amount also. If we talk on absolute terms, we have been 
delivering ₹813,600 of dividend from the initial year of listing till now, 
which is 7x of the investment, which we did. And the overall investment 
supposedly gives, if we check on IRR perspective, the overall 
investment is delivering over 150% of IRR in these five years of listing. 
 
So, on a lighter note, I, sometimes, feel if I have a time machine, I'll go 
back and I'll get into the investment from 2020. But that's the value we 
are creating for our strong set of stakeholders and investors. And 
moving ahead. This specific value which we have created is actually 
connected to a consistent and solid financial policy. So, it is not a 
onetime thing or a quarter thing. 
 
We are able to efficiently rotate our working capital and manage our 
debtors. We have been maintaining the improved working capital of 
less than 50 days and debtors of less than 60 days from last two years, 
which ensures our strong cash flow. So that's the core thought which we 
are connected with. 
 
Now coming on the risk supposedly of defaults by payments from any 
specific clients, like supposedly, I'll just be very clear around this. Over 
95% of our revenue is actually secured through a defined insurance. So 
we are not in that specific worry that, okay, if there is any default, it 
would be impacting our numbers or supposedly, the growth of our 
shareholders. So, we have a good set of insurances, whether it is credit 
insurance, whether it is directors and officer insurance, whether it is any 
other insurance relating to performance. All our areas, key areas are 
connected to a detailed insurance. 
 
I'll take an example here. Recently, there was one such occasion 
wherein there was a default from one of the clients of over somewhere 
around ₹36 lakhs, that specific amount was duly recovered through the 
insurances, which we have been taking up. So that's the beauty of this 
specific protection, which we are having through which we are not 
actually impacting the numbers from any such customer or any such 
transaction. 
 
Now what is the conversion? The conversion of all these financial 
provisions are connected to the consistent and healthy dividend, which 
we are paying. So we have discussed in the previous slide, we have been 
maintaining a consistent and healthy dividend history. I'll move towards 
the next part of this specific slide. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
See, in the last 13 years or supposedly the five years of listing, there 
were multiple locations or there were multiple instances where we 
validated our own strategy, the strategy to go-to-market strategy or the 
strategy around how to connect with the customers. There were three 
major instances or there are three major areas, which we wanted to share 
it with you. And we have been growing with these three steps even 
today. Now the only thing is these three steps are now clubbed, but 
initially, we were actually partnering with SMEs for mutual and 
concurrent growth. 
 
That was our initial stage wherein we were actually looking for a ticket 
size of 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 and we were partnering with SMEs. So, 
what was happening initially, that SME was actually giving us some 
work. And then coincidentally, gradually, he was also growing with the 
ticket size also growing and through which we were getting multiple 
amounts of tickets or multiple amounts of transactions. 
 
Now with this as a base step, we connected with the second layer. 
Second layer means starting small with large enterprise, like 
supposedly, there is a large organisation who is actually thinking to give 
us some amount. Obviously, as per the size of the organisations and as 
per the confidence of that specific organisation, they'll give some 
specific tasks to us. But then based on the quality, which we are 
delivering, based on the thoughts in which we are actually delivering to 
the customer, they'll increase the team size. That's the second stage or 
second layer of this category. 
 
And then the third stage is wherein we are now executing high-impact 
projects after a steady pursuit via RFPs or detailed deliberations. So, 
this specific pillar, this specific set of pillars are actually helping 
Ksolves to grow. These are the core thoughts which we wanted to 
discuss with you. Let me take certain examples. 
 
Supposedly, there was one of the organisation, which was actually -- 
like these two are the examples of starting small with large enterprises, 
like supposedly, initially, we are actually connected with a large 
enterprise. We are initiating with one or two team members. But based 
on our quality, based on our delivery, we are able to expand it to a good 
team. Same happened recently also. So, I just thought to share these 
examples. 
 
A client, U.S. based client, who is connected with e-commerce analytics 
platform initiated something in January, wherein they only took one or 
two resources for the initial ticket. However, based on the delivery, 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
which we did based on the quality, they extended it to a 10-member 
team within the quarter. That's very huge. You can understand this 
thought, that's very huge for any specific team who is getting connected. 
 
Now based on this, the team now actually is an overall or end-to-end IT 
team, DevOps, data science, front end, back end. So that's not a one 
layer or one channel connection, which we are making with the team. 
We are now trying to connect as a delivery partner or as a digital partner 
for those clients also from whom we initiated very small. This rapid 
ramp-up enabled the accelerated growth for this specific client. 
 
Similarly, now supposedly, there are multiple clients whom we have 
connected the relations from last two, three years. And recently, they 
expanded to a six-member team. So, these examples set a thought 
around this specific point that, okay, we have a strategy that, okay, if 
you are giving us a small ticket size, well and good, we'll penetrate into 
that specific organisation. And then based on our quality, based on our 
expertise, based on our technology understanding, we'll evolve and 
we'll grow in that specific industry. 
 
Okay. Now the third layer also, executing high-impact project. This, we 
are able to get after steady delivery or after a steady quality of three 
years, four years. Now we are able to deliberate more. Now we are able 
to connect with high-level stakeholders of any organisation. And we are 
able to get proposals via RFPs also. 
 
Let me give some examples on this thought also. I'm just taking two 
such examples. We have multiple such examples, but I'm just taking 
two such examples. We actually connected with the AI-driven market 
research platform. This specific project was deliberated for supposedly 
two months, three months because these are all big sized tickets. These 
are not one-month or two-month projects. These are one-year project 
supposedly. So, for any one-year project, the client, the organisation 
would also take steady steps. They'll also deliberate more. They'll also 
check the market. They'll also check the competitors. And these 
deliberations, they'll assign this task to you. 
 
So, this engagement, we initially started or disbursed around February. 
And then based on their specific requirements, which include an on-site 
presence at the client office, which is these days, very hard while being 
in hybrid or work from home environment. We actually got connected 
to this project. And we, in no time, we actually extended to another 
project of the same ticket size supposedly. And basis this, we are able 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
to now create an account in that specific organisation, giving us 
somewhere around $600,000. 
 
So that's a huge confidence for us also, wherein we are going very 
openhanded towards any specific RFPs or supposedly high-level 
deliberations because we know that the conversion time would get 
increased basis the ticket size. RFPs are mainly around these thoughts 
also. You can understand what would happen. Any RFP would be 
floated, then we'll submit some proposals. Then there would be multiple 
deliberations. 
 
There would be multiple presentation. There would be a defined 
evaluation, which they'll have. And basis that supposedly, they'll be able 
to come up with a selection parameter and onboarding of any 
organisation. So, this is happening in our situation also. We are also 
maintaining a good pipeline and we are also able to submit multiple 
such RFPs in this specific quarter. 
 
But let me just take the example of the second organisation. This 
organisation, which is connected with the technical mesh solution 
actually came up for an overall end-to-end ERP implementation. This 
engagement started in February with multiple ad hoc decisions. And 
this specific small size of ticket gradually grown into a big 
transformation project. 
 
And this transformation project is not dedicated to one team. It is a 
multiple team, multiple employees set up, which is helpful for the 
organisation and the client both. And we are now actually delivering it 
through our presence in relevant location of clients. So, the thought 
behind the whole story is the conversion time is getting extended 
because the ticket size is getting extended. 
 
For any specific decision, which is of high financial stake from any 
client, the conversion cycle will also be relatively connected to that 
specific project. We actually take proud and successful participations of 
key industry events also this quarter. 
 
We presented our thoughts on multiple platforms, whether it is 
Stockholm or California or New York or Las Vegas. All these events 
are actually standard events are actually a very credential -- are very 
defined events with a good name. So coincidentally, wherever we are 
going, we are able to take stage, we are able to present our thoughts, we 
are able to connect with the leads. I'll take some examples, what we 
have churned out of all these events. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
 
Supposedly in Gartner, which is a fame name in this industry. In 
Gartner, we were able to connect with multiple high stake business 
holders. We were able to connect with two of our leads, which are right 
now ongoing, one specific thing we were able to connect with the VP 
of that specific organisation who is now getting connected on detailed 
AI implementation. 
 
And secondly, we were able to connect with the organisations who are 
having big revenue also, like it is not a small organisation. Gartner is 
not actually connected for the organisations who are of low-scale 
organisations. We are actually getting connected with big organisation, 
having good revenue. So, the other one which we are taking, this 
organisation actually helped us to connect with their VP. And we are 
now in talks of implementing end-to-end product, which we have 
recently developed, our DFM product in that specific organisation. 
 
Our first client was also connected in this Gartner event. So, our first 
client shared the stage, shared his experience with the audience and 
helped us to actually take the credentials to the world. So, all these 
events are actually helping us to brand, brand ourselves, present our 
products and services and actually get multiple good initiatives or 
multiple good leads. 
 
Not taking much time, I'm just concluding with this slide, but this is an 
important slide to understand. We have been connected in this business 
from 13 years. We have been growing in this business from last five 
years. Every business has their own transitions as every business would 
be having their own platforms, their own stages. This specific stage or 
this specific phase we call is a transition phase to a matured business 
model. 
 
So, what is happening? We are actually maturing to a full-fledged 
business model. Like I mentioned, initially, we were doing mostly 
T&M projects wherein we were actually aligning multiple personnels 
and we were actually getting multiple ticket size on that personnel. But 
now what is happening, we are moving towards turnkey projects. 
Turnkey project, as in we don't have a risk of person or we don't have a 
connection of that project with a defined employee. So, we have our 
own freedom of selecting employees. We have our own freedom of 
managing the team and delivering it in a defined manner, in a defined 
period, which has been agreed earlier. So, the turnkey project is the 
phase or is the model in which multiple big IT organisations are also 
delivering things. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
 
The product-centric growth is also ongoing, like we mentioned in 
earlier quarters, we are very much optimistic and we are very much 
positive with the growth our products are doing, especially DFM. So 
DFM is having a big market. DFM, we are able to get multiple calls 
daily or demos daily with high-end organisations like Vodafone, 
supposedly to check out what they need for this specific area. And DFM 
is actually able to match most of the needs through which we are trying 
to enhance and connect with these specific organisations. 
 
So, product-centric growth strategy is on. We are very much connected 
on this thing. And if this goes very smooth, we might be having a 
dedicated profit centre for these products, so that it is impacting or not 
connecting with the core service area. 
 
Now a focus on this thought is the bigger deals, the longer clocks. This 
is one such thought, which we wanted to share with you. Now since we 
are actually connected on big ticket size, we may have to check for a 
conversion timeline of month and quarter. That is very important to 
connect here, because the ticket size would grow, but then initially, 
when we were actually getting some small set of tickets, we were 
actually able to deliver the same in one year, one month or so, two 
months, three months. But now what is happening since the ticket size 
is good, since the client is good, repute is good, the conversion time is 
also taking some time. 
 
Practically, it is a quarter, sometimes it is four months, three months, 
whatever. Because you can understand, these clients whom we are 
connected with are actually the level, the hierarchy in which we are now 
getting connected mainly give two, three meetings in a month for 
deliberations, for flowing the thoughts, for understanding the 
conversion and all. So, the decision-making since it is going on a higher 
level of hierarchy, it is taking a long time. 
 
Similarly, when it is connected with the big deals, the expansion is 
mostly connected with the year-on-year thought because what is 
happening, we are able to deliver the same. We are able to get the task 
for a year or so. It is not a quarter or six months task now. It is a year or 
more than. We recently got an end-to-end transformation, RFP 
submission and proposal conversion through RFP, which is actually a 
15-month project. So that means we are now moving from a quarter or 
six months ticket size to a year or more than that. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
And since it is a journey to a mature business model, we may be 
connected with some fluctuations, but our intrinsic value, our real-time 
growth, our long-term vision is actually very clear. We are mostly here 
to connect, to accelerate, and to showcase our capabilities and experts. 
 
I think I'll not take much time. We'll open for Q&A. But before that, I 
just wanted to conclude with a thought, the thought of "Karmanye 
Vadhikaraste". The actions are in our hand. We are focused and fully 
flown towards those actions. We are actually driving towards 
expansion, driving towards growth. This growth is not specifically or 
not connected directly with revenue or supposedly numbers, this growth 
is also connected with the growth around the employees, the ticket size 
and the continuity which we are having. 
 
So, I think I'll close the call here, and we can continue for Q&A. Thank 
you. Thank you, everyone. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Darpan. We'd request if you can end the presentation. We'll 
now take Q&A. Our first question from Apoorv. And Ratanji will be 
joining us on the call in the active discussions. Apoorv, you can go 
ahead, please. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you for very well explained the 
presentation. My question is on the AI side. If you can explain what all 
things are moving on the AI side? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
AI side, see, basically we are continuously -- I can say that increasing 
the team size on the AI side. We are exploring as much as Generative 
AI, but it is not something that we have recently started. We are working 
in a traditional machine language I think since last five, six years before, 
okay? And we have for the traditional machine learning, the predictive 
analysis is the core part, if you will say, that machine learning, now the 
traditional machine learning. 
 
So, we are doing predictive analysis, since last five years. I have already 
explained in earlier calls that, for example, we have implemented 
predictive analysis for a telecom domain where we can analyse that 
which modem is going down. We have done same thing for the one 
health care agency company where we were analysing that which 
compressor is going down. And for the recent work, we have 
implemented much, this predictive analysis for a Fortune 500 company. 
And it is still it is going on, so in the AI section. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
 
But honestly speaking, as per my understanding, customers are very 
conservative at this moment. Everyone is taking time to invest money 
in the AI side. However, you will see a buzz around the world that AI 
is growing very fast and all, but everyone is very careful while spending 
money in the AI because they are not aware with the result, okay? That's 
what is going to happen, okay? Because in most of the cases, accuracy 
is a problem, okay? And they are still validating the accuracy. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
So, the revenue, which we get from this AI side, which you have 
explained from telecom and the compressor part. How much percentage 
that would be from a complete or total revenue? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
In the future or right now? 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Right now, currently? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang, do you have any data? 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
I think -- is it less than 1% or like it is a significant? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, no, no. It is more than 1%. Definitely, it is more than 1%. 
 
Umang Soni: 
For AI/ML, collectively, if you can say because there are multiple -- 
more technologies in our forte. So, technology-wise, bifurcation is 
getting tough. But on a broader level, AI/ML roughly would contribute 
around 10%, 11% of our total revenue? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
AI/ML, it is not something that it is AI/ML. Python also belongs to 
AI/ML, okay? Predictive analysis also belongs to AI/ML. Generative 
AI also belongs to AI/ML. So, there are so many branches, okay? And 
so overall collective, if you will say that it is more than 10% of the 
Ksolves. 
 
Most of the problem is that, that is the cost, the profitability in AI as 
compared to other technology is less. Because the resource cost is very 
high, three-year resource takes approximately ₹30 lakhs. And at the 
same time, customer does not want to pay more than $35 per hour. So, 
profitability is less as compared to other technology, for example, Big 
Data or micro services and all. But yes, it is growing. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
And also, one more thing, which you have mentioned in your 
presentation regarding the EBITDA margin, where you have mentioned 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
three things. ESOP expenses, leadership, and events participation. That 
figure is per quarter basis? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yes, it is compared with last year same quarter. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Last year, same quarter, if you will see. And you will not see any in this 
quarter, what we have added new things if we will compare the last 
quarter. ESOP, approximately ₹50 lakhs, okay? And then what we have 
done, we went to attend events, and we have spent approximately ₹2 
crores in this event in this quarter, which is huge. And it was required 
for this year, but it is not something that we are going to have, again, 
same kind of events or again, same kind of expense from the next year, 
okay. So, we have -- it means it is not going to have the same expenses 
for the next year, the ₹2 crore for the events. 
 
Okay. So, if you add ₹2 crores plus ₹50 lakhs ESOP, okay, then you 
will get the answer that why our percentage is down. ₹2.5 crores is a 
huge. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Yes, understood. My next question is on the DFM part. In the last 
quarter con call, you have mentioned that we have got our first client 
for the DFM, right? So, want to know what is the traction right now? 
Have we got more clients on that and at what price have we given? 
Because earlier, we have mentioned that we have given at $40,000 
although it was way less, right, as it was the first time we have given. I 
just wanted to know what's the scenario right now? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, in this call, it will be very tough to explain everything about the 
DFM, because DFM is itself, I can say that a very big project for 
Ksolves, means we have invested approximately one year, okay. And 
yes, the first answer is that, yes, we have got one more customer. And 
approximately 10 customers are in the pipeline. We are talking to them, 
and a trial will be start by September and three months will be that trial. 
I have a lot of things about the DFM. But first, I would like to update 
all these things to exchange, and then I will update all about them. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Sir and the way we do pricing in DFM is subscription base, right? It is 
annually charged, right? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It is annually. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Okay. And sir, just last question regarding on the growth or something 
like we have guided for around 20% growth and around 25% EBITDA 
margins. Are we on the same lines for the year or have we changed? 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I'm still rigid on the same line. One thing I have stated in previous calls 
that a 30% EBITDA margin, and it will not go, it will not go down, but 
we went down, right? But we can explain you, I would like to explain 
you even. 
 
Darpan or Umang, can you share this screen? Can you share the screen 
that I have asked you to prepare? 
 
Darpan Audichya: 
Yes, yes. Okay. I'm sharing my screen. Is it visible? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No. Okay. So, if you see, 37.33% we have done this time and 26.41% 
is the operational profit margin, right? And ESOP expense is ₹0.3 
Crores and ₹1.7 Crores is approximately event. And if we have not done 
this, our profit margin would have been approximately 31.71%, which 
I have stated that our profit margin will not go down below 30%. 
 
So, you can see that simple ESOP and events, which will not -- means 
event will not simply happening from the next year. And ESOP will 
continue. It is much for our employees. So, we are still, if you see that 
we are still above 30%. And I'm not counting my salary, other salaries 
which we have explained. That is required. But if you add all these 
things, we are still about 31.7%. And what I'm saying right now, assume 
we don't do any growth. 37.33%, assume, however, it will not happen, 
assume. And if you remove all these expenses, event participation, we 
would be above then we will -- 25%, right? 
 
So, I can see that I'm getting a lot of questions and they are comparing 
EBITDA with the previous year and previous quarter and all. But they 
should also see that what I have done in this quarter means I have spent 
approximately ₹1.7 crores for the event only. And ₹0.3 crores for 
ESOP. So, suppose ₹0.3 crores ESOP will continue, but ₹1.7 crores will 
not happen from the next year. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Just one more thing I want to understand like as recently, we have done 
the... 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Sorry, you asked about the DFM. DFM is going to be the next 
Dashboard Ninja. Dashboard Ninja cost was approximately $500 per 
download. But it has created a business of ₹10 crore per quarter, means 
more than 100 employees are working in the Odoo. So DFM will not 
just create a onetime business, one time revenue. It will also give us, 
and even we are getting a lot of enquiries for the Big Data things, NiFi, 
Apache, Kafka, Spark, Cassandra and all these things, okay. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
 
So that's why I said that I will send some updates to first exchange and 
then I will talk more about the numbers and future prediction about the 
DFM revenue. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Sure. Okay, that's it from my end. And all the best team. Thank you. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Thank you. 
 
Darpan Audichya: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Prateek Sen. Prateek you 
can unmute and ask. 
 
Prateek Sen: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is that we have mentioned that 
85% of our revenue comes from repeat customers, right? But roughly 
40% of the revenue is from Salesforce and Odoo. And if my 
understanding is correct, these are largely one-off implementation 
projects. So how are we getting to this 80% - 85% number? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, Salesforce, what I am seeing right now in Salesforce is something 
where competition is very tight, very tight. So, we are not getting a lot 
of business in the Salesforce. We are waiting for the person; means we 
have recruited Jerry from the Australia as a VP. And it is only just three 
months he has joined and one month he was continuously traveling. So, 
I hope that with the help of Jerry, we will get good businesses in the 
Salesforce. But for the Salesforce, I can say that definitely we have not 
added any good accounts, very good accounts in this quarter. But with 
the help, what I'm seeing right now, the Big Data and Big Data and open 
sources. These technologies are growing very fast and AI also. We have 
done very good growth in the AI as well. 
 
So, the accounts which are already existing, they have started using Big 
Data as well as the AI for their better growth to increase the efficiency. 
They have started using the AI and Big Data. Earlier, they were using 
the traditional technologies. 
 
Darpan Audichya: 
All right. And to connect more around the question. So, Prateek, what 
is happening, if supposedly there is any specific account, we are 
actually extending the account from AMC's perspectives also. So, it's 
not that, okay, we are delivering and moving out. We are actually there. 
We are actually connected with that specific organisation. We actually 
out of sight, out of thought type of thing is not there. So, we are trying 
to be there to get more revenue from that specific organisation. So, it's 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
not a onetime thing. It's an AMC also which is continuing with that 
thought. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
AMC, and as you explained in the previous slides that so many 
customers start from the small tickets and they continuously add new 
features, they continuously add new resources so. In that way, we have 
our retention as well as we have increased our revenue. 
 
Prateek Sen: 
Okay. So, what's the split between implementation and recurring 
revenue for Salesforce and Odoo, if you can share? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
That, I have not right now. I can send you in the e-mail. You can drop 
me e-mail, okay? I will send you. 
 
Prateek Sen: 
Sure, sure. And what's your outlook on the percentage revenue 
contribution from our products over the next three to five years? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
As I said that expectation is high, but I will send my updates to first 
exchange. Definitely expectation is high with the DFM. 
 
Prateek Sen: 
Sure, thank you, sir. I'll get back in queue. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Apoorv. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Sir, I just have one follow-up question. So, you mentioned that in AI, 
we are working on the GenAI as well. So, if you can elaborate what 
exactly on GenAI we are doing? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Our CTO is not in this call. Okay. So, I cannot elaborate too much, but 
I will try my best to explain. So basically, GenAI is not moving very 
fast, honestly speaking, at least in Ksolves. We are working mostly in 
traditional ML. GenAI is generally, I can say that people are coming to 
us. They are doing lots of enquiries. But with the end result, what I'm 
seeing that is still they are confused okay that they should invest or not. 
 
I can give you one example. So many people are coming for the chat 
enhanced version of the ChatGPT. For example, one driving agency 
from the Dubai, they contacted us that, okay, can we replace their 
support system with the GenAI, ChatGPT. We have done some demo, 
but the output, what they were getting. For example, suppose if their 
customers are asking any wrong question, in that case, GenAI was not 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
giving 100% correct result. And in that case, they said that we will 
believe on humans in this case. 
 
And another case is that GenAI means if the security, people want to 
deploy LLM on their own environment, which is very costly, means on 
premises. And they are avoiding OpenAI, means they are not very open 
to - even OpenAI and other companies are giving them guarantee that 
their data will be secure, but they're not ready to use it. They are saying 
that we can use Generative AI if you will provide your own LLM 
specifically designed for their requirement, and that will be deployed 
into their premises, which is very tough, very costly. 
 
So right now, if you will see, that means people are not relying on cloud 
for their data. They are very concerned about the data. So that's why 
this and what I am seeing that this is going to be our biggest concern. 
For example, bank. If bank wants to use ChatGPT or Gen AI, they will 
say that they will use only and only when you will deploy LLM on their 
premises with the zero Internet. If someone can provide a customised 
LLM for their premises only, then they will use. Otherwise, they are not 
going to use cloud. 
 
So that is the major concern, means people are avoiding which we lost 
so many, means at least four to five businesses just because they are not 
ready to connect their data with OpenAI. They are saying that if we can 
have our own LLM, we can deploy on their servers, which is not 
possible at this level. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
And sir, you were mentioning about some updates regarding the DFM, 
you would be telling the exchanges, right? So, will this take long time, 
maybe two, three months or like soon you would be updating this to 
exchanges? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Can you come again, please? DFM? 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
You were mentioning about some updates regarding the DFM, right? 
DFM projects, right? I want to know that like if it will take more time, 
like couple of months, it would be... 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Before AGM, we will come up there. On AGM, we will come up with 
the whole idea that how we are going to use DFM. 
 
Apoorv Bandi: 
Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Anyone who wishes to ask the question, please raise your 
hand or put it in the chat box and we will ask the question. 
 
Moderator: 
There's a question in chat from Maitri Shah. Event costs for the next 
three quarters, would it be in the range of approximately ₹2 crores? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, no. From the Q1, per quarter, it will be less than ₹50 lakhs from 
Q4. 
 
Moderator: 
You mean Q4 of this financial year? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The second question is, what can be the ESOP cost for FY '26 and FY 
'27? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah, ESOP cost would roughly be the same as in this quarter. So that 
would somewhere around ₹60 lakhs, ₹70 lakhs each quarter. And it will 
get reduced if we don't grant another new options to somewhere around 
₹50 lakhs each quarter. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
And we don’t have any plan to grant new options.  
 
Moderator: 
And then the third question is, any more leadership recruitments in the 
pipeline? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No. We are done. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We are very careful about the hiring because we have already hired 
good numbers. So, we have enough bench. So, on the leadership, I do 
not see any open position. And the middle layer or on the junior, fresher 
level, we will keep hiring because they get billable. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Rushabh Doshi. 
Rushabh, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Rushabh Doshi: 
Yeah, hi. So, my question was like going ahead, I wanted to understand 
our thought process for returning money to shareholders, like, let's say 
our stock is down from 50% around from the peak. Does buyback make 
more sense? So that's my thought because also currently, like the first 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
dividend, which you announced it is ₹1. So, this is the lowest amount 
which we are going to pay adjusted for all the splits and bonuses. 
 
So, I just wanted to understand the thought process, like buybacks 
versus dividends. And also, like earlier dividends made more sense 
since you weren't taking any remuneration directly. But now, that is we 
have some remuneration, so are you more open towards buybacks? So 
that's my question. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It is a future prediction, if I will predict right now, if I will say anything, 
it may change. Okay. I cannot say that 100%, it will be done. It depends 
on the situation. But my future planning is that definitely buyback in 
future and by keeping this dividend on the lower side. 
 
Rushabh Doshi: 
That's all from my side. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Bharath. Bharath, you can 
unmute and ask. 
 
Bharath: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand the 
breakdown of revenue between onetime services and product. If you 
could give broad percentages, that would be fine. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Product is right now, very less. I think 1% or 2%. 
 
Bharath: 
Services in one-time and the recurring services breakdown? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I have not done this, but I think it is related to the repeated customers, 
right? 
 
Umang Soni: 
If you talk about services, around 98.5% or 98% revenue total come 
from services, and that again breakdowns to fixed cost and T&M, right? 
So around 80% is T&M and the rest comes from fixed cost. 
 
Bharath: 
Fixed cost. So basically, all of this 98.5% revenue is recurring, is it? So, 
if I have it, this year, I'm going to have it next year also? There is no 
onetime implementation revenue? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Not completely 100% recurring, okay. So many projects get closed. But 
at the same time, few projects get start. Okay, new projects get start. So 
not 100% of 98% is recurring. 
 
Bharath: 
So, what percentage would be recurring, sir, that's my question. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
At least, I can say that 70%. 
 
Bharath: 
70%, sure, sure. That is very helpful sir. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
At least 70%. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ravish. Ravish, you can 
unmute and ask. 
 
Ravish Channe: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Good afternoon. My question is 
related to the order book progression. I see that we are dealing with the 
big projects, the bigger customer, bigger orders, so which are making 
sometimes the delays in the revenue recognition, but even the order 
finalisation. But how is it progressing like quarter-on-quarter, if you 
look at the last three sequential quarters and the pipeline of mix, at least 
one or two quarters, how is the order book placed? Is it growing? And 
if it is growing, what is the indication it is giving? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang, would you like to give answer? 
 
Umang Soni: 
So, Ravish, if you see all these big projects started in the December '24 
quarter. So, after that, we started the talks were earlier from the June 
'24, but it took six months to convert the project. Many projects took 
more than six months as well. So, in quarter four, we had some revenue 
from those projects, which we booked. And in this quarter also, as 
Darpan highlighted, we have added a few customers, which were 
already in the pipeline. So yes, the order book is progressing. 
 
Ravish Channe: 
So, if I have to ask you like the total contract value or the total order 
value that we have as of let's say, 30th June, is it bigger than what it was 
at 31st March? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Definitely, yes. 
 
Ravish Channe: 
Yeah, okay, right. So, we are progressing on the forward log. That's 
what you are saying, right? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yes. Yes. 
 
Ravish Channe: 
Okay, thanks. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Only thing is that the conversion time is getting increased. 
 
Ravish Channe: 
And is that because the order sizes are big? 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
For example, let me give you one example. The lead came for Apache 
Kafka, and they said that they are a leading bank, okay. And they said 
that they will take one year to evaluate. They will find out three vendors. 
We were selected. And the project duration is approximately five years, 
one example. 
 
Second is another bank, South America. We are talking to that bank, I 
think, more than six months, even we visited to their place. We visited 
to their place. And still, we are talking to that company. Right now, they 
are working with one of the top 5 companies in India, and they want to 
leave that company. They're into Salesforce. So, there are so many 
companies, means that the conversion cycle is now increasing. 
 
Ravish Channe: 
Okay, thank you. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a follow-up question from the chat from Maitri 
Shah. We mentioned in the last quarter, there were 12 demos done of 
DFM, Airtel, Red Hat mentioned. So, any progress from these 
companies? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Unfortunately, we are not able to reach to the decision makers for most 
of the companies, big brands. They like the product, but somehow, the 
decision makers are someone else. But no need to worry about these 
things. There are so many companies which are giving us importance 
and they are ready for the trial. I cannot take the name. They are also 
big companies because it is not some -- means Big Data can be only 
used by the $100 million revenue companies, okay. 
 
So good thing is that we are getting enquiries. We are giving the demos. 
And we have a very good pipeline for the DFM. And I hope that actual 
revenue, we will see very soon next to next quarter. But because the 
trial period, we are giving them three months because initially, we need 
to give them as much as time to evaluate. Once we will have the good 
customers in our bucket, then we can increase the cost as well as we can 
decrease the trial time, then we can tell them our terms and conditions. 
But right now, we are doing whatever they are saying. So that's why the 
conversion time is high, but customers are good. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, thank you, sir. We'll take the last question of the day from Piyush 
Patel. Piyush, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, you have delivered 13% quarter-on-
quarter revenue growth in Q1 versus Q4, which is reaching around 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
₹37.67 crores this quarter. Is this the sustainable quarter-on-quarter 
growth rate that one can expect in this year? Or do you wish to guide us 
what would be the realistic quarter-on-quarter revenue growth? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
This time, we are not going to give the guidance. Last time we gave the 
guidance because it was first time when our sales was down. But now I 
believe that we can do better in future. So, guidance, I'm not going to 
give. I'm very sorry. But yes, we will try our best to sustain and grow 
from here as well. 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Since that was the last question of the day, I request the 
management to give any closing comments. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, first of all, thank you to everyone for joining the call and believing 
in Ksolves. We are looking forward for the better growth. We are 
working very hard. Let's see how it goes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you to the management for your time. Thank you 
to all the participants for joining. You may all disconnect now. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
