AWL Agri Business Ltd. 
Formerly known as Adani Wilmar Ltd. 
Fortune House 
Nr Navrangpura Railway Crossing, 
Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India  
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
Tel +91 79 2645 5650 
Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
info@awl.in 
www.awl.in  
Registered Oﬃce: Fortune House, Nr Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India  
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2025-2026/43 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543458 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla-Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q1 of F.Y. 26 of AWL Agri Business Limited 
(Formerly known as Adani Wilmar Limited) (“the Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated July 15, 2025 regarding audio 
recording of Q1 F.Y.26 Earnings call held on July 15, 2025. Please ﬁnd attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AWL Agri Business Limited 
(formerly known as Adani Wilmar Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia 
Company Secretary 
M. No: A20217 
 
Darshil 
Mayank 
Lakhia
Digitally signed by 
Darshil Mayank Lakhia 
Date: 2025.07.18 
17:50:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“AWL Agri Business Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 15, 2025 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – AWL AGRI BUSINESS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE – DEPUTY CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– AWL AGRI BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
AWL AGRI BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHIRAJ MISTRY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Conference Call of AWL Agri 
Business Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiraj Mistry, analyst from ICICI Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you, and welcome, everyone. I would like to welcome all for Q1 FY '26 AWL Agri 
Business Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Angshu Mallick, CEO and MD; Mr. Shrikant, 
Deputy CEO and CFO; and Mr. Saumin COO. I would like to hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. Thank you, and very warm welcome to everyone who is participating in this call of AWL 
Agri Business for the Q1 FY '26. As a ritual, we will take you through a brief presentation. And 
after the presentation, we will open the floor for question and answers. We'll be happy to answer 
the questions from all of you. 
 
We'll start with the results summary. Q1 '26, we closed at a volume of 1.58 with a revenue of 
plus of INR17,000 crores. We have 21% upside in revenue. However, the volumes were down 
by 5%, predominantly on account of G2G business of Rice, which we had last year, which was 
not there this time. If we normalize with that, this volume degrowth would be close to 2% instead 
of 5%, EBITDA at INR572 crores and PAT at INR238 crores. 
 
This margin, of course, has seen a drop as compared to Q1 '25, predominantly because of high 
base year. When I say high base year, it's basically because of the favorable commodity cycle 
that we had entirely last year in FY '25, which also made FY '25 one of our exceptional years. 
 
For Q1 '26, when we look at per ton gross margins and EBITDA, we have been able to deliver 
these numbers in line with the expectation in line with what we have been delivering over the 
last couple of years, EBITDA of INR3,600 crores plus per ton and gross margin of INR11,121 
per ton. 
 
When we look at a quarterly profit trend, so it's growing healthily. Stand-alone EBITDA 
normalized at a quarter trend at INR484 crores as against INR465 crores of the last quarter. So 
it's been within the trend. When we look at a consolidated EBITDA normalized for last 12 
months, I think it's been it's consistently recording INR2,000 crores plus for last 4 quarters. 
 
Similarly, when we look at a quarterly trend on a gross profit margins per ton, it's consistently 
showing INR10,500 kind of level, which we have been saying for quite some time that this is 
what a normalized level of gross margin that we would be delivering. Average EBITDA per 
metric ton close to INR3,500 per ton this quarter, and this is in line with our expected numbers. 
 
The market contains the edible oil prices where we have seen finally that palm oil prices coming 
down and finally been going below soya bean and sunflower, the last year throughout the year, 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
what we saw was the palm oil remaining quite expensive. But by end of this quarter, finally, 
palm came down and now been priced below soya and sunflower. 
 
Oil imports for the country for the oil year '24 and oil year '25, what we have seen since 
November '24 is that November '24 was the only month when India imported more than last 
year. However, since then, in December, January until March '25, what we have seen is total 
imports in India has come down predominantly, of course, because the palm remaining quite 
expensive oil as compared to soya and sun, which finally now been corrected. So our expectation 
is that going forward, we should see a different trend of imports coming in into India. 
 
On industrial trend, this is as per the Nielsen, the edible oil, including mustard, which is on 
refined consumer pack, the edible oil has not seen any encouraging number when it comes to 
industry for the Q1 '26. The rural grew by 3%, whereas urban grew only by 1%, but the overall 
industry, more or less remained flattish at 1%. Similarly, in the Wheat Flour, the overall industry 
grew only by 4%, with degrowth seen in urban areas, whereas rural area was growing at 19%. 
 
When we look at Basmati, of course, for this, we don't have a rural and urban breakup, but 
overall, industry in Q1 '26 grew by 7.8% versus 5.5% that we saw full year last year. For the 
business update: on Edible Oil, we did close to 960,000 tons of volume; Food and FMCG 
260,000 tons; and Industry Essential, 360,000 tons, delivering an overall volume of 1.58 million 
tons, which is down by 5% as compared to last year. 
 
On revenue front, of course, the revenue grew by 20%, predominantly because of the prices of 
edible oil going up, staying high as compared to the last year. That's the reason why the revenue 
grew by 21%. But when we look at these numbers, excluding the government-to-government 
business of Rice that we had opportunity to do last year, if we exclude that, the degrowth in 
volume is flattish at 2% negative, whereas revenue grew by 21%. 
 
On overall company highlights, alternate channel for us continues to grow. Now revenue at 
INR3,900-plus crores maintains a strong growth momentum. Quick commerce continues to 
excite us and it's growing very fast, increased by 73% in Q1 and 79% on Y-on-Y basis last 12 
months. 
 
Branded export is another thing where we saw encouraging numbers. It grew by 22% and has 
now surpassed INR300 crores of revenue. Q1 EBITDA at INR520 crores, down by 60% due to 
a high base of last year. And when I said high base, it's more to do with the favorable commodity 
cycle that we saw last full year. Strong last 12-month EBITDA of INR2,384 crores, which is 
quite close to one of the highest numbers which we have posted last year of INR2,474 crores in 
FY '25. 
 
Overall volumes declined by 4%. Excluding palm when we look at Edible Oil, revenue at 
INR13,415 crores, up by 26%. Raw material prices in Q1 was around 30% higher as compared 
to base quarter, and that's why the revenue in Edible Oil grew by 26%. Q1 volumes were 
impacted by multiple headwinds, expanding -- so we do expect improvement in coming quarters. 
Palm oil prices have now dropped below the soya bean prices, as I said earlier, leading to 
normalization of our palm oil sales towards the end of the quarter. 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Also the recent reduction in custom duty has also curbed the imports of refined edible oils from 
some of the SAARC countries under the free trade agreement, and we expect that this will have 
some kind of favorable impact on the volumes that we will be able to post in the coming quarters. 
 
Edible Oil portfolio, when we look at for the last 3 years, continues to grow at 11% CAGR. 
Quarterly trend sales grew at 5% CAGR and of course, we've been able to sustain the EBITDA 
trend also at plus INR350 crores. The capacity utilization in Edible Oil is at a comfortable level 
of 59%, 60%. So we have enough capacities left to absorb any future growth that may come up. 
 
When we look at the Food & FMCG business, we clocked a volume of 260,000 tons, down 5%. 
However, the revenue at INR1,400 crores plus is 4% plus. If we remove -- excluding G2G 
business, it grew by actually 4% year-on-year in the first quarter. The profitability for the Food 
business in Q1 has improved. 
 
Of course, there are some interventions that company has done on rice, wheat flour and other 
wheat products has resulted into this profitability. Wheat Flour business in packaged atta gained 
market share in last 12 months. So now, our market share has gone up to 5.5% against 5.3%. 
Pulses and Besan continue to show a strong trajectory, both grew in a strong double-digit growth 
in Q1. 
 
Soya Nuggets, one of our subsegments in the Food, continues to grow in double digits and also 
continues to grow on the margins as well. Sugar and Poha also, we have seen encouraging results 
where it grew by double digit. When we look at the Food & FMCG also in the last 3 years, the 
volumes grew by 11% whereas the revenue has grown by 18% in last 3 years when we look at 
the last 3 years' quarter. 
 
Stand-alone EBITDA is something consistently we have been able to grow is at INR82 crores 
in Q1 '26. We are adding new capacities in the Food. And after this IPO project completion, we 
will have more capacities coming in, into the Wheat Flour as well as Rice business, which will 
help to grow these businesses. 
 
Industry Essential, we did a volume of 360,000 tons with a 6% year-on-year growth with a 
revenue of INR2,230 crores, which is again 12% plus, and our segment result of INR100 crores. 
This is basically Oleochemical and Castor, where both these businesses are doing fine and are 
today at 100% capacity utilization. 
 
When we look at the subsidiary, the recently acquired GD Foods, which is a manufacturer and 
also have a brand Tops, which is quite a strong brand in North India, manufacturer of sauces, 
pickles, jams and various condiments. The revenue for Q1 was at INR96 crores, which is up 9% 
year-on-year. We have seen healthy profit also coming up from this acquisition. There are a lot 
of key interventions. 
 
It's only 75 days since we actually took over this company. We have done a couple of 
interventions and initiatives post acquisition, which includes rationalization of manpower, 
setting up strong controls and process institutionalizations around the processes. Leveraging 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
operational efficiency, operational synergies with AWL is one of the things which is under 
process right now. 
 
So the plan, of course, is to leverage AWL's distribution as much as possible so that we can grow 
the basket of this -- market of this company from North to other territories in India. And of 
course, we would try and do some bundling with the Fortune products so that this product 
reaches to more and more consumers. 
 
Automation is something, which we are looking at to see how can we automate the processes 
because currently, many of the processes are still on a manual. And of course, the objective of 
all these intervention is to bring in more and more operational efficiency into the entire process. 
 
On Bangladesh, I think the situation or the current status of the business is stable. For last 2 
quarters, we have seen no major hinderance in doing business. The liquidity is quite available, 
dollar availability is there in the country. And we have been able to do a business really without 
any intervention from the government. So while the Bangladesh, the World Bank has set GDP 
growth at 4% level for the '24-'25 calendar year, we hope that even with this kind of growth also, 
our business should be able to grow. 
 
With a fresh liquidity from IMF should also further improve their foreign exchange reserve for 
the country. And therefore, our expectation is that at least for next 1 year, the things would 
remain stable in the country and our business should be able to do what we used to do before the 
turbulence. 
 
On GTM and Q-com, now we reach close to 870,000 outlets directly. And the growth in urban 
outlets is 11%, whereas growth in rural outlet is 26%. Our rural town coverage now has gone up 
to 55,000. In March, we were reaching close to 50,000 tons. So this has actually added more 
infrastructure for us to grow in a rural area. We have been doing a lot of interventions to ensure 
that food and oil, that the entire distribution is used both for the oil as well as the food. 
 
We are also doing a lot of intervention in technology side, 100% of sales now carries SFA 
software. Similarly, we are implementing auto replenishment system to reduce fill rate gaps for 
e-com and other players, including MFS. And also, we are experimenting on the depot 
networking and delivery models for a limited product assortment in the rural depots. 
 
Q-commerce continued to excite us. In Q1 '26, the overall alternate channel grew by 12%, 
whereas the e-com grew by 33% and Qcom grew by 73%. That's encouraging, I think, and it's 
continues to grow fast. We are sharpening capabilities to optimize sales in this fast-growing Q-
com channel by doing a lot of things like improved product assortment, better availability. We 
are also trying to track the competition prices and their offers, which are available on the site 
and also the data-driven promotion that is something we are resorting to. 
 
And we look at the return on capital employed. For the last 12 months ended June '25, Edible 
Oil delivered an ROCE of 18%, whereas Food & FMCG 2% since it's still under the growth or 
investment stage; Industry Essentials at 17%; and at the overall company level, we delivered 
ROCE of close to 11.5%, 12% kind of number. So -- while this ROCE will continue to improve 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
as we go forward from here on a 12-month basis. When we look at ROCE and capital employed 
for last 3 years trend, the Edible Oil is consistently improving from 14% to now going to 18% 
in last 12 months, June '25. Food & FMCG continues to stay within the range and similarly, 
Industry Essentials, consistently doing 15% plus kind of ROCE. 
 
On marketing side, there are a lot of interventions that we did from rural penetration to high-
impact rural branding and all that. These are some of the glimpses of all the events that we did 
to capture a lot of festivals, whether it's a Bihu or any other even including Rath Yatra, which 
has recently concluded. 
 
The recently released Nielsen report now suggests that AWL is the eighth largest player in 
India's FMCG sector. This is by market share in -- which they have come out in Q4 '25. So now 
AWL is ranked two in value growth, and it is now ranked six in the volume growth among the 
top 10 players. So when we look at in value terms, after the Mondelez, AWL is second. And 
when we look at the volume growth, we are the sixth after Mondelez, Parle, HUL, Britannia and 
Nestle. 
 
ESG, we continue to do our bit on all, environment and social and governance part. We have 
been trying to save -- doing a lot of projects to save the cost, whether it's a steam or power or 
water. We have been continuously planting trees. June '25, we planted 190,000 trees. We are 
consistently working on putting solar panels for our renewable energy into our plants. So now 
16 locations have got renewable energy and close to 10-megawatt of energy is manufactured or 
supplied through renewable sources, which is close to 11% of our overall requirement. 
 
We continue to do a lot of work on rainwater harvesting, and we also continue to do how can 
we use or reuse the water. And in that direction, we have installed zero liquid discharge system 
in our 11 plants with a capacity of 3,100 kiloliters per day. 
 
On logistics front, we are discussing more and more through multimodal. So close to 22% of 
our dispatches are through multimodal and dispatches through the green fuel, which is CNG, is 
close to 10%. We have been awarded green points by the Railway for dispatching goods through 
Railways, which is a green energy use for dispatches. And we do have inclusion of AWL in 
FTSE4Good Index also. 
 
So this is all from my side, as far as the brief presentation on the performance of the company is 
concerned. Now I will request moderator to open the floor for question and answers. Besides 
me, I have Mr. Mallick and Mr. Saumin Sheth, and we'll try to answer your questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our first question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Abneesh Roy: 
I have two questions. My first question is on Rice business. Since the time you acquired 
Kohinoor, what were the initial expectation and what will be the expectation in the next 1 to 2 
years? And what could have been done differently? If I see performance of LT Foods and other 
listed players, we see their stock and their business doing far better. 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
I do understand they have a big export business, which makes their business model very 
different. But given that constraint and given the kind of performance we have seen last 2 years, 
what is the way forward in this business? I know it's a challenging business, but what will be the 
way forward. Next 1 to 2 years, where do you see the Rice business? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. Abneesh, good question. First is that Kohinoor we have acquired in May '22 is for the 
domestic operations. Export rights still continue with the original owners. So our job was to 
expand Kohinoor in domestic market. When we took the brand, the volume was around 37,000, 
38,000 tons per annum. And from there, we have now pushed it to around 45,000 tons. Not very 
big volume jump, one of the principal reasons that we did not have our own plant to support the 
large manufacturing. 
 
So we had outsourced or hired four plants in Haryana to match the requirements for both Fortune 
and Kohinoor. But this year, with our Gohana plant now getting ready and has started operations, 
we are confident that the supply chain will become much more robust because when you want 
to go for expansion or -- both domestic and export, you need your own facilities, one, and buyers 
from abroad want to see our facility. So at least now that is ready. 
 
As far as Fortune is concerned, we are already exporting to over 45 countries, and we have very 
good market share in Australia, New Zealand. We are doing well in Middle East, and we are 
looking for expansion in Europe, Saudi and U.S. Now obviously, when you look at the 
competition, they are formidable. They have been there in this business for over 40 years. So 
obviously, they have a first mover advantage. 
 
We have slowly built it up. Now Basmati Rice is growing at double digit this year and our market 
share has grown. So going forward, we are confident that Fortune and Kohinoor put together 
will become a formidable third brand -- third big combined brands together to fight the first two, 
and that is one. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Right. And what will be your current market share in rice in India? 
Angshu Mallick: 
MAT, if you see 8.3%, MAT June. But quarter-on-quarter, we have been growing -- MAT is 
7.3% -- 7.6%? Okay, MAT is 6%, but this quarter is 8.4%. So quarter ending June is 8.4%. So 
that we have done a little better. So it is slowly growing but I can tell you that we are on the 
track to get higher market share in days to come. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Now my second question is on the Edible Oil business. So when I see the gross 
profit and EBITDA, both are down. This is from a P&L perspective in the rupee terms. So they 
both are down Y-o-Y and quarter-on-quarter. I do understand in Q1, the volatility was on the 
higher side. Now that duty cut has happened, if you could clarify, because of the duty cut or 
because of any other reason, was there any inventory loss you want to call out in the Edible Oil 
business because of these two? 
 
And now assuming volatility is less and I did hear your interview in the media post results, how 
do you expect the gross profit and EBITDA from a rupee terms? I do understand you measure 
from a per liter or per ton perspective, but ultimately, from a listed company perspective, P&L 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
in rupee terms is also equally important. So from that, how do you see the Edible Oil business? 
If you could answer all of this. 
 
And from an urban demand, when I see consumer update of other listed companies which have 
come, they are saying urban, there is some bit of recovery. Some are saying good recovery, some 
are saying worst is behind. In your opening comments, I did not find that. So if you could 
comment from an outlook perspective, in your core business, how do you see the urban demand? 
Angshu Mallick: 
So first, I will start with urban demand. If you see Nielsen report, they are saying -- last year, 
that is Jan, Feb, March '25, that is Q4 of last year, there was 0 growth. And this quarter, they are 
saying is 1% growth. Now in Edible Oil, we have seen country has imported less. The prices 
were on the higher side, and that is the reason possibly the government thought of cutting the 
import duty. 
 
And edible oil has not seen much growth both out-of-home consumption, institute consumption 
as well as in-home consumption. But going forward, what all has happened. One, duty cut has 
reduced the price by almost INR8 a liter, that is one. Two, between CPO and olein, the 
differentiated duty, which used to be around 7.5%, 7.25% has now become 19.25%. That is one. 
That's a big jump that we have seen, which industry always wanted. And companies like us who 
have very large palm oil refining capacities will surely gain in terms of capacity utilization and 
reducing the cost. 
 
And second, palm oil coming down is another big advantage for AWL because AWL is the 
largest importer of palm oil in the country. So when the prices are low, institutional business are 
good, household business will also be good because palm oil has a very large household base in 
South and parts of Eastern India. So we see, and AWL being the second largest brand, so 
obviously, we have all the advantages to capture. So I think going forward, AWL is well poised 
for growth in Edible Oil. Now as far as margin is concerned, Shrikant, you can talk. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. So Abneesh, on your margin question, I think very fair question to ask that at the end of 
the day, what is the absolute EBITDA that you see that Edible Oil will be delivering. I think 
assuming that we continue to deliver the per ton EBITDA margins of anywhere between 
INR3,600 to INR4,000. That is what Edible Oil has been delivering for last couple of years. 
 
And the volume growth, which we have always been saying that in Edible Oil, we cannot grow 
more than single digit, which is 5%, 6% kind of number. With that -- keeping that in mind, I 
think the range of EBITDA -- range for EBITDA in absolute terms for Edible Oil can be 
anywhere between INR375 crores to INR400 crores for the quarter, as we go forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And any inventory loss you want to call out in Q1 either because of the duty cut or palm oil 
volatility? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No. So duty cut whatever the -- I would not call it an inventory loss as such. But whatever hit 
has to be taken, we have already taken and that is reflected in these numbers. But as we go 
forward, if things stabilize and palm prices remain below soya and sunflower, I think we will -- 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
we should get better palm demand, and we should improve more margins and more margins 
should be able to help us getting better absolute EBITDA for the edible oil. 
Angshu Mallick: 
On this Abneesh, I would say that -- see, the duty cut was quite steep, 10%. And at any point of 
time, there are packed oil inventory and some of duty paid stocks in the plant because you run 
the plant on a continuous basis. But the brand supports such kind of shocks, at least minimizes 
it to a large extent. So we have overcome that, I would say, well, and still continue to deliver as 
promised in our EBITDA terms. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, on the urban demand, one last follow-up question, and I did not get the clarity. Let's leave 
aside Nielsen numbers because it may or may not be giving the true picture. My question is you 
did say because of palm oil price correction, you do expect both B2B volumes and B2C volumes 
to go up and that's a logical statement to make given the overall cost is down, food inflation and 
general inflation is at a multiyear low. So what is your personal expectation on volumes given 
all this? You'd be expecting a good recovery, right, the next 3 quarters on the Edible Oil 
volumes? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, Q1, we lost 1% in palm oil, as simple as that, and that is because of the high prices of palm 
oil. That reduced our market share as well as we didn't grow. Now going forward, these changes 
that has happened is adding benefit to us because we have the largest infrastructure for refining 
palm oil in the country. We have the largest capacity to refine crude palm oil to refined palm oil, 
and that gives us a lot of strength. 
 
And with the differential duty now so good that importing olein will not be viable. So these are 
some of the advantages that we have. Second, with palm oil coming down, there are a lot of 
markets where palm does better, and we have an advantage. I think single-digit growth surely 
should be there. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So my first question was on the FMCG side. This quarter, you have a clean kind of more branded 
base because there is not the government orders. And you've also reduced the share of the non-
Basmati business, which is -- which seems to have resulted in like 5% kind of an EBIT margin 
for this business. I just wanted to get your sense on given that you've done this consolidation, 
how do you see the profitability for this business for the year? 
 
Because the year has started off better than what you would have earlier expected or at least on 
the margin side. So I just wanted to get your sense because this is the highest EBIT margin you 
have done in your quarter -- the highest absolute EBIT you've done in the quarter. So could you 
just help us understand the trajectory of this profitability for the balance year? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, all these days, we have been very clear that we want to drive volume. And we felt that is 
the most important thing. And we have been driving volume at the rate of almost 18%, 20% per 
annum, we were growing in food. Then we found that there are certain places where we can 
relook at the strategy where the brand share is not so high and ability to earn higher margin was 
not there. 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
So we started consolidating the regional rice or what you say non-basmati rice. Now in non-
basmati rice, there are a few pockets which are very good, like say, Sona Masoori in South or 
Miniket, Banshkathi. These are all brand-driven and we drive it through our brand where we 
have good margin. So we have concentrated in these markets and these type of rice and got out 
of U.P. and Bihar rice where we were not making any great money. 
 
In Basmati, we found that there is great opportunity to increase volume and increase margin, 
and we have been pushing brand, both Kohinoor and Fortune. And you would see that in our 
market share, one, more retail penetration and visibility of the brands in terms of rice availability. 
So we have done a lot of schemes and worked with Reliance and other retail outlets. 
 
Within e-comm also, we have done a lot of work to create visibility of the brand. So in Food, 
we have been concentrating both on top line and bottom line together last one quarter. But going 
forward, once this is stabilized, we will surely push volume because that is what will give us 
advantage in years to come. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So this margin number is, you would say, a little bit, not one-off, but it's not reflective of the fact 
that you want to drive up the volumes further. It's a kind of quarter of consolidation at the bottom 
end. And then hopefully, you will drive up the volumes again, which brings this number down 
a little bit, but still maybe a little bit ahead of what you were probably expecting. Is that the way 
to think of it? 
 
I mean, is there a broad range that you think you can -- you can talk about for this year and where 
you will be on this side? Or is it still that kind of low single-digit number that you will go for, 
for this year and then can expand it over a period of time once the scale builds up? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No, I think, Harit, what you understood is absolutely right. That's what Mr. Mallick said, that 
while in this quarter, we tried to consolidate some of the business, and therefore, the margins -- 
the resultant margin, that's what you are seeing. But as we go forward, I think this business will 
remain in investment and growth phase, for sure. It's not that we are now would be concentrating 
only on the margins. 
 
But of course, with a complete focus on the top line with an eye on the margin as well. And 
therefore, not necessary that we can replicate what we have been able to deliver in Q1. But yes, 
our commitment to grow the business volumes by double digit is something which we want to 
drive. However, having said that, the margin structure will surely be better than last year. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Very clear. So just one question on the oil side as well. I know you spoke of this. Was that -- 
this quarter, it seems like there was any inventory loss in June, that would have, I would say, 
partially been offset by the derivative benefit that sits in your other income, but also shows up 
in your EBITDA plus other income segmental number? 
Is that the right way to think of it because if I look at the EBITDA, it is still in that INR3,500 
crores to INR4,000 range on the edible oil business. And if that's the case, then I would say this 
quarter also is broadly representative of what you should be doing going forward, maybe a little 
plus and minus? 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes, absolutely right. I think what you have seen in this quarter, more or less plus minus we 
would be doing as we go forward from here. And therefore, when you look at -- because the 
entire scheme is like this. I mean that's where the hedging comes into the play. You have an 
inventory loss. It has to be compensated by hedging gains.  
And therefore, one should look at putting everything together and your reading is absolutely 
right. So this is our normal run rate of EBITDA, otherwise also and we should be continuing to 
deliver in coming quarters. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Great. And one last thing. Even on the industry essentials this time, the profitability looks a little 
bit on the higher side. Is that in your view also a little bit of -- in a way, a little bit of a one-off, 
INR100 crores EBIT for the quarter and if so in which part of the business? Is it in oleo, is it 
castor, is it in the de-oiled cake side where the numbers are a little higher? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. So absolutely right there are three elements to it. One is caster, oleo and the other business, 
which is basically de-oiled cake of soya, castor and mustard. I think the EBITDA which you are 
looking for this quarter is actually on a higher side and not necessarily you may see in the coming 
quarters because there is one-off in our de-oiled cake business.  
But our endeavor, of course, will remain to see that we continue to match this, but depending 
upon how the markets behave.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. I will come back. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes, sir. Good evening and thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir, I have a couple of 
questions, first on the Food & FMCG margin side. So like with quarter 1 delivering INR75 
crores PBT and 5.3% margin in Food & FMCG business. So can we expect this segment to be 
positive EBITDA in every quarter going forward for FY '26 and especially after post Gohana 
ramp up? What was your view on this? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. I think what -- this is what we have been saying on the food, that food business today 
remains in investing in growth phase and our -- and we, by default are running it as a break even 
on the EBITDA kind of level. So whatever number you have, you are looking at for the first 
quarter.  
And this is what we were explaining is something which came out of some consolidation that 
we did in rice business. But going forward, all the other quarters, I think you should see the food 
business doing -- giving better EBITDA than last year, that is what I can only say. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. On the next question regarding the geography expansion, like after achieving a strong 
margin in South India, which is under-penetrated region what are our next key focus for branded 
sales expansion in this segment in this area? 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, we have to see product-wise expansion. Now South India, still I think should continue to 
be in our focus because if we want to increase our palmolein packed oil business, sunflower oil 
business and atta business and basmati rice business, then South India is the largest market and 
the best paying market.  
Let us be honest on that. So all these four products goes together in South. So we will concentrate 
in South and work more hard so that we get into better markets and more shares. We are not 
having great share there and we have great opportunity to do that. Second is Maharashtra and 
Madhya Pradesh, these are some of the potential market for soya bean oil and we feel that we 
can do better.  
And with our Hazira plant now having better stocks, both sunflower and soya bean, we will be 
able to supply better. Haldia also we have expanded our soya bean facility. So Chattisgarh was 
always covered from Haldia, where we had shortage of oil. So now with the 1,500 ton plant new 
coming up there, which has already commenced operation, our supply chain is now much more 
robust.  
And this year, coming July, August onwards when the festive season starts, we should do well. 
So everywhere what we do is that each market, we are seeing which product does well and then 
we are going ahead. Mustard oil also has a great potential in rural market of UP, Bihar, Bengal. 
So we are putting a separate brand and separate teams to only work in the rural market. So 
product by product, market by market, we are segmenting and then moving ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay sir. Thank you for declared explanation regarding this. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kunal Shah from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my question is on this regional rice consolidation. Can you 
give us some sense of how big the business was, let's say, last year, full year? And by what 
percentage have you scaled it down to, if you can give some sense on that, in absolute crores 
terms would be helpful? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, last year, full year non-basmati rice, we were doing something in the range of around 50,000 
tons, 60,000 tons, which were principally from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh. Then we had two plants in 
Raichur, one in Karatagi. So we have consolidated there, one in South. Then we were doing 
something in Maharashtra.  
Then we did some plant in Gujarat, Khambhat area. So we have consolidated all of this and we 
are trying to see where there is an association of brand, we are going ahead with it because e-
commerce is now doing well in non-basmati particularly 5 kilo and 10 kilos. So we are trying to 
push regional rice through more through e-commerce, more through modern trade, more through 
e-class outlets. So that there is brand saliency and we get much more better margin. 
Simply trading in non-basmati doesn't give any great margin or only it gives you volume. So we 
have tried to consolidate it and trying to put more concentration in our Gohana plant where new 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
basmati line has come up, which will add to almost, say, 200,000 tons of basmati rice we can 
process there. So we are concentrating to build that volume. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
So, Kunal, just to answer your question, last year, same quarter, we had an NBR volumes of 
close to 180,000 tons. Now these 180,000 tons includes that G2G business also which was a 
very sizable business. Against this 180,000 tons, this quarter we did 60,000 tons. Now if you 
normalize with that G2G business also, it's quite a significant reduction of 30%, 35% on the 
NBR portfolio.  
And as Mr. Mallick said earlier also, there are certain varieties of NBR where now we are coming 
out and we would be only focusing on the branded NBR rather than trying to sell it on a bulk 
basis or a loose basis. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. So my -- what I was trying to arrive at is this growth excluding G2G of, I think 4% 
in Foods, which you have shared. If I were to also take out this regional rice, what would that 
number look like if you can give any sense on that? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Almost 0% growth then 
Kunal Shah: 
In volumes? 
Angshu Mallick: 
It will be flattish. If I take out the G2G and the regional rice, which we have stopped, if you take 
that out, so it will be almost flattish growth, indicating that wheat flour business can be pushed 
further. But bulk pack in B2B business was a little less this year. So pulses also did not do as 
well as we expected because the government had opened up the yellow peas import.  
So the market of pulses came down, particularly chana and we have very big chana processing 
capacity, both chana to chana dal, chana dal to besan. So that market also we found that it did 
not grow the way we expected. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. So roughly flat volumes if both of those are excluded. The second related question 
was -- so I remember last call, you had given this long-term 2 year, 3 year expectation of 
INR10,000 crores in revenue. Any thought on how -- I mean, I think our earlier expectation was 
FY '27. But any thought on where -- when do you aspire to reach that number now, given you 
are taking this consolidation? 
Angshu Mallick: 
If you take the last 12 months, it is around INR6,100 crores. Exit this year, March '26, we should 
be in the range of around INR7,000 crores. And then we need another 30% growth to grow. So 
volume growth and value growth, both will happen simultaneously because basmati rice is at its 
very low prices. We see an opportunity to grow basmati rice both volume and value. 
Dal, besan, our new lines have come up in kadi this year. So that will add to our top line and 
bottom line. Our Gohana plant will be ready. So the flour mill will be ready by September -- 
August, September. That is a 350 ton refined plant, 200 ton chakki atta. So that will add to our 
top line, bottom line. All put together, we should be very close to 10,000 by exit '27. 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. That's clear. And the second is on the GD foods business. So you mentioned INR95 
crores, I think, turnover this quarter. What's the sort of EBITDA margins that this business can 
do, let's say, in 2 years, 3 years from now? I mean not looking at any near-term guidance, but 
from a 2-, 3-year standpoint, what's the sort of number which you would aspire to do here? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No, I can give you what this business is delivering today. So this business is today delivering a 
gross margin of 52% and EBITDA margins of close to 11%. So that is already there. I think as 
we consolidate these operations and we do product interventions from AWL in terms of sourcing 
and our distribution and we take the volumes up, surely, we should be able to deliver better than 
what it is today. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. That's -- and just final bit, with Gohana now done, what should be roughly the capex 
on a full year basis this year? And I mean, do you think INR500 crores to INR600 crores, that 
should be it, right? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes, I think that should be enough because after Gohana, we have enough capacities. But in our 
business, the capex keeps happening because of your territory expansion or market expansion. 
So you can assume -- safely assume INR500 crores, INR600 crores of capex every year, of 
which INR100 crores would, of course, would be maintenance capex kind of number. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Sir, just one bookkeeping was on the interest cost side. So it's a bit lower this quarter. Also with 
the reduction in the duties, your payables or trade cuts, however you classify that, that also will 
go down because inventory requirement just comes down in rupee terms. So should that benefit 
you a little bit on the interest cost side, going forward also, is that a factor also next two, three 
quarters, we should expect? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. So interest cost ideally should go down in next quarter. So when you look at -- look from 
a quarter-to-quarter, like if you look at quarter 2 on quarter 1, it should go down. However, the 
quarter 2 versus quarter 2 of last year, it may not because quarter 2 last year, we didn't have this 
duty hike and all that because duty hike happened in September '24. So that rationalization may 
happen over the year. But yes, with this duty cut and interest rate softening, we should see 
savings on the interest as a whole. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. That answers my questions. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Hi, good evening, sir. So my first question is regarding this alternate channel. So we have been 
seeing very phenomenal growth, especially from the quick commerce channel. And it is now 
contributing a very large portion of our overall revenue. Can you give us some clarity in terms 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
of what kind of products we are selling or, let's say, what kind of mix we have in that? And 
likewise, what is the profitability when we compare it with the general trade channel? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. As far as e-commerce is concerned, in e-commerce now mostly everybody is now 
becoming quick commerce. So when I say quick commerce, we have both food basket and edible 
oil basket. All our products, all our brands are registered and we have complete range available 
in all the channels. That is number one.  
Number two is that in oil, we have almost 35% to 40% of the share. And some of the oil like 
rice bran, mustard, we have over 50% market share in any of the e-com channel, whether you 
take it Zepto or Flipkart, Blinkit or Instamart, anybody you can talk. That is one. On food, we 
have registered our products and we have different market share in different type of products.  
If you take atta, we have around 15% share; we take basmati rice around 12%, 15%; but besan 
on 10%, 12%, like this we have different market share in different and the demands are there. 
Our volumes are growing phenomenal and 73% growth we have seen in e-commerce. Advantage 
is that we have used IT to ensure that fill rates are almost 85% to 90%. 
And what counts is your fill rate. If the fill rate is good, we have seen the uptakes are good and 
sales are better. Margin-wise, e-com pay is better. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. No, sir, my question was regarding the mix between edible oil and FMCG, that what out 
of the INR3,900 crores, what you said in last 12 months, what percentage contribution is coming 
from edible oil versus foods? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, when it comes to edible oil, we roughly do edible oil around -- edible oil is around 59% is 
edible oil, say 60% out of INR3,900 crores. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And profitability? 
Angshu Mallick: 
60% is around INR2,400 crores is this and INR1,500 crores is food, but food is growing faster. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And a margin profile would be also better for foods business in quick commerce 
compared to, let's say, in general trade channel because a lot of logistic cost and you would be 
saving that? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes, one is logistic cost. Second is salespeople cost because hardly any sales people have to go. 
We have a central department, which manages everybody together. And third is that we have 
benchmarking. So we can benchmark with the competition and ensure that our prices are either 
very close, a little higher or a little lower, but then we have a benchmarking system that enables 
us to get better margin. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And sir, one bookkeeping question that we have seen that there is a huge jump in 
employee cost for the quarter as well as in some of the previous quarter also, we have seen that 
jump. So what would be the steady state or, let's say, annualized employee cost we should 
assume for your business? And second, can you quantify the one-off amount in other income 
line item, which is seeing significant jump in this quarter? 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
So on employee, I would -- I'll explain you. Basically the jump which you are seeing in employee 
cost is basically on account of the consolidation of GD Foods now into these numbers. So 
basically, when you are comparing with June '24, it's not an apple-to-apple. So one is that. So if 
you normalize for that GD Foods, the employee cost has gone up by close to 11%, 12% versus 
last year, which is quite okay. 
And for the full year, if you look at -- if you really want to look at full year employee cost 
number, I think you can take a base of 25%. And over that, you can apply any number of close 
to 10% kind of inflation and that you will get it for your modelling. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And other income? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes, what was your question, sorry? 
Harit Kapoor: 
So can you quantify the one-off amount in other income line item? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Okay. So basically, it's a derivative or rather, I would say, some of the hedges which we settled. 
That was I was explaining to Abneesh or some other person that when you look at inventory 
loss, you should look at including the hedging. So this -- so as per the accounting actually 
according to us, it ideally should have got classified as a cost of goods sold, but accounting 
standard doesn't allow that. So therefore, the one-off is that settlement of hedges. 
Harit Kapoor: 
No. So I was asking what is the amount of that one-off adjustment? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
The amount of one-off that adjustment is close to INR150 crores.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you very much, sir.  
Shrikant Kanhere: 
And it's not a one-off because it may or may not happen next quarter because it's the way how 
you do in accounting. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. That I understood that. It's just that I wanted to see that what would be the normalized EBIT 
margin for the oil business because of that. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes, thank you, everyone for attending the call and asking the questions. We hope that we are 
able to answer your questions. Thank you very much and do keep in touch with us for any further 
queries. Thank you. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Thank you, everyone for attending. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
