Shriram Properties Limited 
‘Shriram House’, No. 31, T Chowdaiah Road, 
Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru - 560 080 
P: +91-80-40229999 | F: +91-80-41236222 | W: www.shriramproperties.com 
CIN No. : L72200TN2000PLC044560 Email: cs.spl@shriramproperties.com 
Registered office:  
Lakshmi Neela Rite Choice Centre, 1 Floor,  
#9, Bazulla Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600 017 
August 19, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot C 1 – G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: SHRIRAMPPS 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543419 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call on the Company’s Financial & Operational Performance for Q1 held on 
August 12, 2025 
In continuation of our intimation dated August 12, 2025, please ϐind enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Investor Conference Call held to discuss the ϐinancial and operational performance of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you 
Regards 
For Shriram Properties Limited 
K. Ramaswamy
Company Secretary & Compliance Ofϐicer
ACS 28580
K Rama 
Swamy
Digitally signed by 
K Rama Swamy 
Date: 2025.08.19 
17:08:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Shriram Properties Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 12th August 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. MURALI M– CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. GOPALAKRISHNAN J – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR &CEO 
MR. RAVINDRA KUMAR PANDEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Shriram Properties Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murali, Chairman and Managing Director from Shriram 
Properties Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Murali: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Call. I am pleased to report that Shriram Properties has started the year on a very strong note, 
delivering record operational performance and robust financial results while maintaining a 
healthy growth trajectory for the remainder of the year. 
 
We achieved our highest ever Q1 sales volume of 0.8 million square feet, up by 17% year-on-
year, valued at INR 441 crores. This was supported by healthy demand across our key markets, 
particularly in the mid-and mid-premium housing segments. During the quarter, we successfully 
launched our maiden project in Pune under the Codename Superstar. 
 
Post quarter end, we also formally launched Shriram Songs of the Earth project at Electronic 
City Bangalore. Collections stood at INR 388 crores up 5% year-on-year and are expected to 
gain further momentum in the coming quarters. Construction progress remains very strong, 
enabling healthy handovers over 740 homes and plots in Q1 alone - building on the record 
deliveries of FY '25. 
 
On the financial front, total revenues were INR 262 crores, aided by healthy handover trends. 
Gross margin remained healthy at 34%, and we delivered an EBITDA of INR 46.5 crores. We 
reported our highest ever Q1 net profit since listing at INR 20.6 crores. 
 
Our outlook for the rest of FY26 and beyond remains encouraging. With nearly 80% of our 
ongoing projects already sold, we are prioritizing faster execution to accelerate cash flows. 
While actively expanding our project pipeline. 
 
Supported by India's strong macroeconomic fundamentals and resilient demand in our core 
segments, we believe we are well positioned to deliver sustained growth and long-term value for 
our stakeholders. I would like to thank all our customers, partners and shareholders for their 
continued trust and support. 
 
With that, I'll hand it over to Mr. Ravindra Kumar Pandey, our CFO, to walk you through the 
detailed financial performance. 
Ravindra Pandey: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. My name is Ravindra Pandey. I'm CFO of Shriram 
Properties. Thank you for taking time to join us today as we present the performance highlights 
for Q1 FY26. 
 
We have uploaded the presentation on the website and stock exchanges, and I hope you all have 
access to it. Over the next few minutes, I'll walk you through the operational and financial 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
performance of the company for the quarter gone by on the strategic priorities and growth road 
map for FY26. 
 
I'm referring to the presentation, which has been uploaded, Slide Number 3. We have started 
FY26 on a strong footing. Q1 delivered a record first quarter across several key metrics, robust 
sales momentum, highest ever Q1 collections, accelerated construction, disciplined cash 
deployment and strengthening pipeline. 
 
Typically, Q1 is a lean quarter for the sector and for the company. However, the strong 
momentum from Q4 last year carried through and delivered an impressive start to FY26. End-
user demand in our core markets remained resilient, especially in the mid-market and mid-
premium segment that anchor our portfolio. Customer decision cycle has shortened and booking 
velocity has improved. 
 
Bangalore sustained its strong performance and Chennai exhibited a clear revival in momentum. 
We had a remarkable success in our Pune market entry. We are entering in new markets after a 
few years. Our maiden project in Pune, Codename Superstar, received an exceptional market 
response and created a strong brand visibility in the city. 
 
Our success in Pune can be seen in the context of projects micro market absorption, a market 
which has annual absorption of around 1,500 units. We could sell around 150 units during the 
first 4 weeks of launch. This is not just a sales milestone. It's a reaffirmation of the brand's 
strength in markets beyond our home turf. 
 
This launch has created a strong buzz and put Pune on track to become our next growth engine. 
Early success now boosts our confidence in accelerating pipeline addition over the next few 
quarters. I will explain the Pune project performance in subsequent slides. 
 
On launches, momentum improved materially. Following successful launch in Pune, we 
commenced prelaunch activities in new project at Bangalore, launched under the Codename The 
One. This project was launched during the first week of July and has received very strong 
response. 
 
Coming quarters are likely to be even more exciting. Our Kolkata new projects have received 
approvals and gearing for launches. On the business development front, our focused effort has 
now started showing results. We added one project in Bangalore with GDV of INR 200 crores 
during Q1. 
 
Several deals are nearing closure and significant new project additions likely during Q2 and Q3. 
Our focus remains on doubling the upcoming pipeline and is supported by ongoing evaluation 
of multiple projects with over 20-plus million square feet of development potential. We will 
explain this more in detail in later slides. 
 
Referring to the Slide Number 4, KPI snapshots. Operationally and financially, this has been our 
best ever first quarter. Q1 sales volume reached 0.82 million square feet, up 17% year-on-year. 
In value terms, we achieved sales value of INR 441 crores, again, by 17% up year-on-year. Q1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
collections at INR 338 crores is the highest in any Q1 so far and is driven by healthy sales 
handover and milestone linked receipts. 
 
Over 740 units have been handed over to customers, again, highest ever Q1 number for SPL. 
Our revenue grew 24% year-on-year to INR 262 crores. We reported gross profit of INR 82 
crores, reflecting 70% year-on-year increase. Our operating margins have remained strong at 
34%, demonstrating healthy project profitability. 
 
Our net profit is at Q1 high of INR 21 crores, up 18% year-on-year. These operational strength 
reflect our disciplined execution, strong demand in core markets and our ability to monetize 
inventory effectively. Higher sales, strong collection, accelerated construction and disciplined 
execution set a solid foundation for FY26. 
 
Slide Number 5. Looking at operational performance highlights. We achieved our strongest Q1 
sales in SPL's history. The growth was broad-based with the sustained sales coming from 
ongoing projects and our Maiden Pune launch added meaningful uplift, validating the brand in 
new markets. 
 
Sales volume of 0.82 million square feet and sales value of INR 441 crores reflect both healthy 
demand and stable pricing in our micro markets. The 17% year-on-year growth on both metrics 
underscores consistency and scalability of our mid-market strategy. Collections at INR 338 
crores was supported by robust milestone billing and steady handovers. With scheduled 
handovers and launches in Q2 and H2, we expect collections to strengthen further. 
 
We accelerated the construction expense in Q1 to pull forward execution. This enables 
accelerated milestone, faster collection and earlier possession. Our focused efforts are to remain 
on or ahead of schedule, staying ahead of RERA commitment is a key driver of reputation, 
referrals and lower post-handover issues. 
 
Looking at project execution highlights. Shriram Park 63 Phase 2 at Chennai with 0.5 million 
square feet area received OC during Q1, supporting revenue recognition and improved 
handovers. We handed over more than 740 units, our best ever first quarter performance that 
directly supports revenue recognition, collections and customer goodwill. 
 
Roughly half the handovers were in JV and DM projects, which means the earnings impact 
partly accrues to our share of JV profits rather than consolidated top line amount. Revenue 
recognition momentum remained strong in our recently completed projects during Q4 FY '25 
and Q1 FY26, extending the momentum we saw in Q4 of last year. 
 
Shifting focus to financial performance on the top right box. Revenue growth of 24% year-on-
year reflects strong handovers and milestone achievements, even though Q1 is typically a leaner 
season for the sector. Margin discipline, product mix and cost control translated into a 34% gross 
margin. Gross profit of INR 82 crores, up 70% year-on-year demonstrates inherent project 
profitability and operating leverage. 
 
We delivered a record Q1 PAT of INR 21 crores, up 18% year-on-year, reflecting a strong 
operating income, lower finance costs and contribution from JV profit. On the cash flow front, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
operating cash flow remained healthy. We repaid INR 77 crores during Q1 and we invested INR 
75 crores into new project execution effort to seed future growth. 
 
Lastly, on the project pipeline front, we added INR 200 crores GDV project in Bangalore. The 
project is already in approval progress mode and are targeting to launch during H2. Six projects 
with ~3 million square feet are at an advanced stage of diligence and documentation. 
 
Closure likely in Q2, Q3. 5 more projects with additional 3+ million square feet potential are at 
last leg of their commercial closure and should move towards closure during H2. These project 
conversions are expected to expand our FY26/FY27 launch and sales runway. 
 
Further projects with 20+ million square feet at various stage of evaluation across core markets. 
This wider funnel provides option value and a multiyear runway, allowing us to stay selective 
while still aiming to double the upcoming pipeline over 18 to 24 months. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 6. FY'26 launches. Our Pune debut in May with Codename Superstar 
delivered an exceptional response and demonstrated brand acceptance. Q2 launches are on track. 
In Bangalore, our new project under Codename the One was launched during July. A strong 
prelaunch buildup in Q1 likely translates into robust booking in Q2. 
 
In Kolkata, approvals for Shriram Springfield are in place and the recent presales effort have 
received overwhelming response and is being launched shortly. Further approvals for upcoming 
villas and commercial areas in Kolkata are also received, RERA filing underway, setting the 
stage for a step-up in sales velocity. This launch pipeline, combined with ongoing projects 
underpins our collections and sales visibility for the remainder of FY26. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 7, Codename Superstar. Here, we are showcasing one of our most 
exciting milestone of the quarter, the brand launch of Shriram Spectrum in Pune. I'm pleased to 
share that it has been an overwhelming success. The events saw a strong participation from 
customers, channel partners and stakeholders, underlying the high level of interest and 
confidence in SPLs brand as we step into this new geography. 
 
The project itself is spread across 14 acres overlooking the scenic Sahyadri Hills and offers over 
60 curated amenities. It also features Pune's first ever downtown retail, making it a unique 
proposition in the market. With 2 grand clubhouse and its location in the heart of an educational 
hub, it appeals strongly to both end users and investors. 
 
The image on this slide captures the energy and scale of the launch, which eventually translated 
to 150+ bookings and represents 36% of the supply open for sale in the project. With the strong 
start, SPL is well positioned to accelerate its pipeline in Pune and strengthen its foothold in the 
city in the coming quarters. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 8, Codename The one. In July, we had the grand unveiling of the 
project code name The One in Bangalore, and the response was nothing short of phenomenal. 
This project is located just 15 minutes from the electronic city toll, making it a compelling choice 
for the professionals and families seeking both convenience and quality living. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
It features signature 2 and 3 residences starting at an attractive price point of INR 92.99 lakhs, 
making it highly competitive in its segment. We saw a tremendous prelaunch response in Q1 
with interest levels far exceeding expectations. Importantly, this early momentum has directly 
translated into a strong booking in Q2, setting a positive tone for the project sales trajectory 
going forward. 
 
This launch further reinforces SPL’s' ability to create high-impact market entries, combined with 
strong location advantages, appealing product design and targeted marketing to drive immediate 
results. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 9, FY26 project completion. During Q1, we have deliberately 
increased execution spend to facilitate faster deliveries ahead of committed timelines. Our 
project Park 63 2B consisting of 316 units reached the OC milestone in Q1. 
 
In Q2, 2 projects are scheduled for OC. Shriram Mystique is about 0.2 million square feet, has 
received OC in August '25. And Shriram Solitaire, about 0.3 million square feet has received 
fire NOC already and awaiting OC. Faster execution and delivery remain a priority. This will 
drive both revenue recognition and customer collection. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 10, FY26 project pipeline. We are actively working towards our 
mission strategy of doubling the project pipeline over the next 2 years. We have made reasonable 
progress and the momentum is visible, raising our confidence levels. During Q1, we added 1 
project in Bangalore with GDV of INR 200 crores within a short period of acquisition, approval 
process has started ahead, and it is expected to launch in H2 FY26. 
 
6 projects totaling 3 million square feet are nearing closure. 5 projects totaling around 3+ million 
square feet of projects are at an advanced stage of commercial closure. Several other 
opportunities with 20+ million square feet of development potential are under various stage of 
evaluation. 
 
The pipeline expansion is strategically distributed across various development models, including 
own JDA, JV and DM. This diversified approach allows us to optimize resources and maximize 
returns. We are confident that these efforts will contribute significantly to achieving our Mission 
1, 2, 3, 4 targets by FY '28. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 11, Honors and accolades. We continue to receive the strong industry 
recognition, winning awards for marketing excellence, product design and segment leadership. 
These accolades enhance brand visibility, build customer trust and reinforce our positioning in 
the mid-market housing segment. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 13 and 14, financial highlights. Revenue from operations stood at 
INR 242 crores, a 57% year-on-year, supported by the momentum in project handover trend 
continued from Q4 FY '25. Our total revenue grew 24% year-on-year to INR 262 crores. 
 
This growth was primarily driven by handovers in recently completed projects, Park 63, Pristine 
Estates, Liberty Square and Grand One. Accordingly, our gross profit is high at INR 82 crores, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
reflect robust 34% margin and a healthy 70% year-on-year growth. EBITDA stood at INR47 
crores with an 18% margin. 
 
EBITDA growth muted due to higher other operating income during Q1 FY '25 on account of 
reacquiring the economic interest of pristine estates JV stake from ASK. Our JV portfolio also 
contributed meaningfully with a profit share of INR 5 crores, representing 46% of total 
handovers in Q1 coming from JV projects. 
 
Finance costs declined 16% year-on-year and interest expenses declined 11% year-on-year 
supported by lower interest expenses and reduced non cash charges related to non-compete in 
Kolkata. Other expenses were slightly higher due to new project launches related costs. All of 
this translated into a healthy net profit of INR 21 crores, making an 18% year-on-year growth. 
 
Overall, following the strong rebound we saw in Q4 FY '25, our revenue and profitability 
momentum has carried forward into Q1. And with the new projects reaching OC stage, we expect 
this robustness to continue in the coming quarters. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 15, consolidated cash flow. Operating inflows improved to INR 221 
crores, up from INR 163 crores last year. We deployed INR 111 crores into construction and 
INR 75 crores into new project investment. 
 
Debt repayment during the quarter amounted to INR 77 crores, reflecting our conscious strategy 
to channel cash into construction and growth investment to secure future revenues and earnings 
resulting in negative free cash flow for the quarter. Cash and cash equivalents remained robust 
at INR 187 crores, reflecting a strong liquidity even after substantial loan repayment and new 
project deployment. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 16, debt profile. Gross debt stood at INR 567 crores, down from INR 
646 crores in March 2025 with a net debt of INR 380 crores. Our net debt-to-equity ratio of 0.28 
among the lowest in the sector. The cost of debt remained at 11.3% with potential to reduce 
further in the coming quarters. The majority of our debt is construction linked, aligning with 
revenue generation. 
 
Referring to Slide Number 18, Mission 1-2-3-4. You have seen this slide in our earlier 
discussions, but it is worth bringing back as a reminder of the ambitious mission we set for 
ourselves. This is not just a target on paper. It's a road map we are actively executing, and I'm 
confident we are firmly on track to deliver it by FY '28, and our entire management attention is 
aligned toward this end. 
 
FY26 outlook guidance, referring to Slide Number 19. We continue to maintain our FY26 
guidance as previously shared. To summarize before I end the presentation, first quarter has set 
a clear benchmark for the year. 
 
We delivered our strongest opening quarter on record, marked by record collections, robust 
revenue momentum, healthy profitability and meaningful deleveraging alongside calibrated 
investments for future growth. Launches in Pune and Bangalore validate our product strategy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
and Kolkata is launch ready. Execution is ahead of plan. Cash discipline is intact and the business 
development funnel is deep and progressing. 
 
On behalf of the management team, I reaffirm our commitment to governance, customer 
experience and value creation. 
 
Thank you. I now hand over the call back to the operator and myself, along with our CEO and 
CMD will be there to answer all your queries. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir just wanted to understand, I mean, this entire year, we are talking about 3,300 to 3,600 kind 
of a unit handover. I mean, generally, as a policy, we book revenue only post-delivery, right? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, we book revenues. We are allowed to do income recognition only on handover and 
registration and handover of the apartment. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sure. So can you just give us some breakup in terms of that 3,300 to 3,600 units handover. So 
some, I think you are targeting from Solitaire or Mystique, right? So around 400, 450 units 
handover we are expecting to do maybe in second quarter, third quarter. So can you throw some 
light on the breakup, I mean, where this 3,300 units we are targeting for handover? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes, that's doable. In all, we have about 9 or 10 projects account for this 3,800 units. A big part 
will come from Kolkata, 1,400 units and which is Sunshine 1. And then Bangalore will have 
about 1,800 units will come from Bangalore and rest is in Chennai. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So out of the 3,300, 1,400 units is from Kolkata and 1,800 units is from Bangalore? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And the OC of these projects, when we are expecting to get -- I mean this -- for example, 
these 2 projects you mentioned, the OC is in second quarter. 
Ravindra Pandey: 
It will be spread across different quarters. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. It's spread across different quarters. 
Ravindra Pandey: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. And something on the debt part, how should one look at debt? So I think 
around INR 650 crores to INR 700 crores kind of debt level we have. So how should one look 
at debt outlook for next 2 years? 
Ravindra Pandey: 
So debt currently is INR 567 crores is the gross debt. Net debt is INR 380 crores. And going 
forward, we are not looking at any significant jump in the debt. So mostly, we have been 
borrowing debt for the construction finance. The new project launches, we may borrow for that, 
but we are continuously repaying the debt of the ongoing projects as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Your voice cracked. Can you just repeat? 
Ravindra Pandey: 
We are saying the current debt is INR 567 crores, our net debt is INR380 crores. We are not 
looking for any significant movement in the debt from the current level. Though we will continue 
to borrow the new loans for our construction financing needs. But from the ongoing projects, 
whatever the collections are coming, we will continue to repay also the construction debt what 
we have already taken. So we are not looking for any significant jump in the debt level. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Because we repaid around INR 77 crores, right, during this quarter from the cash flow? 
Ravindra Pandey: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Raj Mehta & Associates. 
Raj Mehta: 
So I wanted to ask a few questions. First one is related to the cost of debt since the repo rate has 
been reduced and RBI in last 12 months have tried to lower the rates. But still, I think our cost 
of debt is on a higher side. We have not got that advantage. So what is your view on that? And 
in future, is it we are going to refinance the debt at a lower end or it will remain at the same 
level? 
Ravindra Pandey: 
So currently, our debt rate is 11.3% -- and the first RBI, the rate cut what was done by the RBI, 
the first rate has already been passed on to us. Hence you look at that, our debt rate has come 
down to 11.3% in March '25 itself from 11.6%. 
 
Now recently, we have written to all the lenders to reduce the debt cost. But what is happening 
that most of the debt what we have, they have the revision cycle. So every quarterly, they will 
revise the rates. So now the revision has to happen. 
 
And going forward, we are looking at the borrowing cost may come down. Whatever the new 
borrowings that we are doing that are the much, much lower level, they are less than 10%. Going 
forward, we are expecting that these rates will come down further. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. Less than 10 means between 9.5% to 10% or 10.5% to 11%? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
So if I can just clarify, these are construction finance, mostly on launched and de-risked projects 
and so you tend to get a lower rate. It will be 9.75%-10%. So, we are not going to be below 10% 
on weighted average cost of debt basis in near future. I see a limited potential from current levels, 
maybe a few basis points can go down. 
 
For now, it's safe to assume our cost of debt will be hovering around 11%, give or take 5-10 
basis points here and there on both sides. Blended cost of 10% is very difficult to achieve given 
our current loan portfolio. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, second is with respect to -- I wanted to understand regarding the industry 
structure. Since the RBI has done everything with what they can do and they have pushed the 
rates down, so the affordability has increased. But on ground, the demand scenario is not so 
resilient or so strong that we -- if we see the other real estate companies also, the momentum has 
been lost, which was there in last year maybe. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
So how do you feel -- how are the micro markets which we operate in, say, in Bengaluru and 
Pune, which we entered recently? What is your view on those markets where the demand 
scenario, whether it has been on a slower end and we have to give some schemes for the payout 
so that we can create that demand and push the sales or it is coming by natural and the conversion 
is happening on a higher end? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Thank you, Raj, but we have a slightly different view compared to the view expressed by you. 
Underlying demand remains strong. I don't think a huge momentum loss is there, at least in our 
core markets of Bangalore, Chennai, even in Pune that we have seen. In fact, it has picked up. 
Chennai's absorption or sales velocity has actually come back during the last quarter, the April- 
June quarter. We have seen a full recovery in -- it's an unusual for the current season. It's a lot 
of inauspicious period, lean season for the industry, at least in South India. And in that period, 
we have seen a reasonable bounce back or reasonable momentum even in Chennai. 
 
But also, we have seen a reasonable pickup both in launches and in absorption in Bangalore as 
well. As you may recall, we had reduced supplies, like number of launches were very few in 
Bangalore during Q3 last year and to some extent in Q4 last year. It was more supply-driven 
lower absorption, which was seen in the last year. 
 
That trend has actually changed. We have seen a lot of new launches coming through and 
absorptions have been fairly satisfactory. In fact, stronger year-on-year compared to last year 
first quarter. You cannot compare Q4 versus Q1. 
 
Seasonally, Q4 is the peak for the sector. Q1 and to some extent, Q2 are the lean period for 
demand in South India. Only after Ganpati and Diwali sets in, the auspicious period starts and 
you'll see a big momentum. So I think market-wise, it's doing well. 
 
The top end of the market has seen a little bit of choppiness because I guess that's what you are 
referring to, and that's why you say what you said because at top end of the market is dependent 
on investor demand, investment demand rather. 
 
That investment demand tends to be a little bit choppy when alternative source of capital like 
capital markets tend to be choppy, whereas the end user-driven demand, which is the mid-
market, mid-premium where people buy for their own stay, not as an investment. That demand 
has remained reasonably strong actually. 
 
And with the declining interest rates, and therefore, we should see, barring any global big 
negative news impacting jobs at certainty. Otherwise, we should see a fairly steady growth in 
underlying demand from end user segments, end use customers… 
Raj Mehta: 
My only concern was because the IT companies have started layoff and Bengaluru is the major 
hub where the most of the IT companies have their premises have their offices… 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
You have picked up from news article and another related article highlighted that TCS has gone 
on record to the Karnataka Labor Authorities that they have not identified –candidates and don't 
have the exact number of people that they may reduce”.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
Basically, we don't know if the headcount reduction is real and may be some of these are media 
interpretation as well. Second part of the story is that the GCC market, which is the global 
capability centre has picked up a lot of momentum in Bengaluru, Hyderabad . 
 
These cities have have become big hubs and Chennai is closely following as the third big hub of 
GCC in South India. GCC market is growing tremendously. A small shrinkage in IT 
programming side of the job should get compensated according to whatever I'm reading from 
the research. I'm not an expert -- whatever I'm reading from the public domain, there is a 
compensatory reasonable strength in headcount addition in other sectors. 
 
So we don't think there will be a demand contraction in the near future, unless the IT sector 
collapses. Then, there will be a confidence crisis in the minds of customer and that might lead 
to. But as of now, as we speak, we have not seen any signs of those at this stage. 
Raj Mehta: 
But are we able to increase our average realization or that is becoming a stagnant and we are 
focusing on volume driven? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
As I said in my earlier earnings call I don't think we will see a big price hike during this year. 
The era of double-digit price hike that we saw post-COVID till last year, I think that might not 
happen. Developers have realized at some stage, you're going to compromise demand if you go 
on increasing 15% a year. 
 
And that's a benefit of consolidated industry, right? Everybody, practically, every developer, we 
have seen the pricing for launches and advertisements that we are monitoring. prices have almost 
stabilized. During the quarter, we would have seen couple of percent increase, 1% or 2% in some 
micro markets and 2% to 3% in other micro markets. 
 
So the prices are not going anywhere this year. But that's fine. We have moved up the price 
curve in a big way. So with the stable prices, rising demand should really get good traction for 
the developers. One last point on this. The new launches are attracting good pricing momentum. 
 
For example, as Mr. Panday pointed out, we launched a project called the Codename called The 
One, which is what will be eventually called as Shriram Songs of the Earth in is about 10 minutes 
away from Electronic City. The project has delivered at least INR 600/sft more than our initial 
expectation we had while buying this land about a year ago. 
 
We keep revising the price -- during the launch, we keep revising the price or refining the price 
for every 50 units. And when we see those allocation weekends, when we sit and see the -- what 
in your capital market language book building order book. As the book build nicely, we keep 
refining the price. And that trend of new project price momentum is encouraging. 
Raj Mehta: 
So sir, if I may -- I will ask one question related to thing. If we are going to invest in new projects 
in coming years, and there is a stoppage in price appreciation or maybe there will be a very less 
price appreciation and we are focused more on demand driven. 
 
So in that case, if the demand suddenly due to any external factors, goes into a toss, then are we 
able to convert any project and make profit? Do we have that much of gap in case any demand 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
worsens and there is a breakeven or not even breakeven or we can make a sufficient ROE on 
that project? How are you taking these things into mind when you are going into new deals or 
new land acquisitions or new JVs? 
 Gopalakrishnan J: 
Very interesting perspective you're throwing. I want to clarify, we are not an FMCG company. 
And so we will have our own volatility like we are in stock market. We will have our own ups 
and downs on the demand and pricing. And the pricing of any new land acquisition is not done 
based on today's price. It is about a very cautious view we take. 
 
And as you know, as you can see from the financials, we have about 34%, 35% gross margin 
potential. Nobody is going to underwrite a selling price for you. I wish somebody is underwriting 
me on a Sensex while I enter. I don't think it ever happens in life. FMCG is the only one. 
 
That's why they get what they get in the multiples. All of us, the rest of us in the industry in the 
world are all thrown to cycles. What all I can say is housing demand is here to stay for some 
more years. It's not reached the peak of the cycle. And price volatile -- all of us did not complain 
when prices went up 14%-15%, including the customers who are still running and chasing. 
 
So at some stage, it has to stabilize, as you call it, the consolidation of the pricing, like it happens 
in index and capital markets, it will happen here as well. Someday, you have to consolidate and 
once the market consolidates, it will start moving either way depending on how the demand 
trends are. 
 
So if the prices become uncompetitive, then we have to slow down. We cannot keep on growing 
at a loss, right? Everybody does it. If the pricing is not viable, then projects don't take off. Land 
prices will correct automatically. That does not mean that what we are securing today will be 
underwritten by some third party. We have to underwrite ourselves. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, last question. Since the IPO, we have been doing a wonderful job from a loss-
making to a profit-making company. But the actual impact has not been reflected in the market 
capitalization. Can you throw some thoughts on that? And all the best for the future quarters? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
I would want your thoughts on it because you guys are determining the stock price, not me. We 
keep doing our work. We keep delivering volumes and earnings. And our PE keeps going down. 
We are one of the lowest PE companies in the listed space today as we speak. And price to cash, 
price to sales value, price to whatever you want to compare. 
 
So I would like to hear some of the more knowledgeable people on this call to help us understand 
what else that company needs to do to revive or to get a fair valuation in the market, but we don't 
really like to focus on stock price. 
 
Yes, we want shareholder value to be appreciating, but we don't want to play to the capital 
markets. We want to do our job correctly, deliver our earnings and results. And I'm sure market 
will one day appreciate the consistency of our earnings, consistency of our delivery and more 
importantly, meeting our promises most of the time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Raj Mehta: 
So one advice, if you can do investors conferences in particular areas and you can attract the 
investors, foreign investors, our mutual funds, DIIs and family offices, then it might -- we might 
be on the better side. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
We will try to follow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mehendale from RoboCapital. 
Amit Mehendale: 
My first question is on the handover again, I think we are planning to handle about 3,300, 3,600 
units. How much of that we are planning to do in Q4? Q4 of this year, Q4 FY26? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
About 25% or more handovers will happen in Q4. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Okay. And for these 3,400, 3,500, typically, what would be the revenue if we managed to deliver 
all the units? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
What will be the revenue if you hand over all the INR3,000 -- so roughly -- difficult for me to 
bet… 
Amit Mehendale: 
Roughly some ballpark number? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
I would indicate maybe around INR1,200 crores, INR1,300 crores of revenue minimum. 
Amit Mehendale: 
So for the current that we are doing on a quarterly basis and we are planning to sell about 
INR3,000 crores plus for FY26, what type of EBITDA margins are we looking at EBITDA at 
the company level, not at the project level? 
 Gopalakrishnan J: 
We have consistently maintained that quarter-to-quarter volatility will always be there 
depending on the revenue recognition… 
Amit Mehendale: 
I am not looking for accounting number. I am looking for project level profitability. I mean when 
you're selling the project, what type of project EBITDA we have what type of net EBITDA do 
we see? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Sorry, I don't think I follow your question. Are you saying what is the EBITDA likely? Are you 
saying what is the accounting treatment? I'm sorry, I'm not able to follow. 
Amit Mehendale: 
I'm not talking about accounting. I'm just asking for the current sales, what type of EBITDA do 
we -- are we targeting currently as we are selling? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
That's what I was answering. And since you said you had a clarification, that's why I stop. As 
we have consistently maintained, -- in our business, EBITDA quarter-to-quarter will be volatile 
depending on how much unit recognition you have and what is the portfolio of the projects that 
you are income recognizing. 
 
Therefore, I will talk about our average annual EBITDA margin. We have consistently 
maintained over the years that we will aspire and we will continue to drive towards  gross margin 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
of 30%, EBITDA margins of about 25%, PBT margins of about 8% to 11%. And I think we 
have -- most of the times, we have been in that range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakhesh Kumar from Right Shopping Private Limited. 
Rakhesh Kumar: 
My question again is on the handover guidance again. You are targeting a handover guidance, 
which will grow by 14% in '26. In that case, should we presume that the top line for '26 would 
grow by 14%? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
It could be slightly higher than that. As we said just now, it will be more than that because the 
nature of the project. When we gave the guidance, we did go bottom up. And I believe we will 
most likely be upwards of INR1,250 - 1,300 crores. 
Rakhesh Kumar: 
Okay. My second question is about the JV. How much handover this year you are targeting 
under JV? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Out of the 3,300-3,600, we would have close to about 1,000, give and take some  roughly about 
1,000 units will be in JV. 
Rakhesh Kumar: 
My last question is about your income tax provision. I think in this quarter, there is quite less 
income tax provision. What is the reason for that? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
So that assessment is done that assessment done on a quarterly basis based on wherever is there 
any other deferred tax provision reversals because we keep -- as you know, we take 3 years to 
complete a project, right? So during the period life of this project, there would have been some 
provisions made at different points of time. 
 
Because initially, we incur loss and we incur profit towards the end of the project. And so those 
deferred tax provisions if there are any created in the past based on the projected profitability of 
each project that gets reversed at some point of time. So it's a very volatile number on a quarter-
to-quarter basis. 
Rakhesh Kumar: 
Okay. And my last comment on that shareholding value or the market capitalization. I think what 
I see when comparing your company with all other companies, your ROE is quite low, which is, 
I think, roughly about 5.5% last year, whereas I see all other companies, they are in the range of 
10%. So yes, that is one -- just one point that I wanted to? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Appreciate the perspective. I just want to submit some publicly available data. Based on publicly 
available data, our peers have ROCE in single digit except few like Brigade, which has a ROCE 
of 13% and ROE of 14.8%. All other companies have a single-digit ROCE and ROE at this point 
of time.  
 
So it's not that different, but maybe you have a point that is some people are looking at between 
national players versus us. We'll work towards it a couple of years for our ROE to improve. If 
you may recall from our earlier conversation, we expect to be in a double-digit or mid-teen 
ROCE in the next 24 months. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
By FY '28, we would have a mid-teen ROE as well. But we'll work towards it. But I'm not sure 
whether other numbers are significantly superior. I don't know, but they all have a very high 
earnings multiple. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
How do we look at our presales -- how do we quantify that? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Presales are quantified based on confirmed booking by the customer and supported by the 
advances supported by an advance. We don't consider anything as a booking unless there is a 
meaningful upfront contribution, which is at least INR 2 lakh of cheque for a 2-bedroom house 
and INR 3 lakh for a 3-bedroom house. 
 
And without that, we don't take INR 10,000 bookings and all. And from the booking time, that's 
how we count our presales. And we don't take EOIs. And from the time of booking, we do KYCs 
and all the verifications, booking being a T, T+30, they should have paid 9.9%, T+60, they 
would have signed the agreement and paid 20%. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Current presales value, total value? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Current presales value is in the presentation at INR 441 crores. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
INR441 crores. And sir, do we have people who are backing out anything of percentage of 1% 
or 2% after that or are they back out? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
People do back out. Customers are customers, right? So after signing confirmation, then 1 lakh 
-- INR2 lakh and 3 lakh which is given is non-refundable. If they're back after the 9.9%, then 
there is a preset withholding, which is already in the forms and we withhold that amount and 
pay the balance. 
 
After the agreement to sale is signed, because in Bangalore and Chennai both, we don't sign sale 
deed like Bombay till the is OC received. So therefore, is registered. And so when -- after they 
sign agreement and if they cancel, again, there's a withholding amount, which is usually very 
prohibitive number. 
 
So we see a very low cancellation post 20% payment. Cancellation may happen in some 
extraordinary cases where family issues, health issues, those kind of things. Generally, we don't 
see a big cancellation after agreement is signed and 20% is paid. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Raj Mehta & Associates. 
Raj Mehta: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask one question whether Aurum Real Estate, which invested in us, whether 
we have started getting any benefit or it's a pure, pure investment and the platforms have not -- 
we have not been benefited from the platforms from the company's insights or the company's 
advice. How is the relationship with the Aurum Real Estate as of now? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Yes. Just to correct the fact, Aurum Real Estate is an unlisted -- their private company. They 
have not invested in us. The buyer -- the investor in us is called Aurum PropTech, which has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
about 8 or 9 investments, are purely a property and property technology investment company, 
all belong to the same group. 
 
So your question is still valid.  They have very small operations in Bombay. They are not a big 
developer. So I doubt whether we will have a significant exchange of knowledge between both 
of us. 
 
But we -- as an investor, as a member on the Board, we learn a lot from Mr. Ashish Deora 
insights in terms of managing the project, in terms of cost controls and systems and process and 
so on and so forth. So as of now, if you look at -- if you are talking about any business partnership 
or an alliance that we have, we don't have one, and we are not sure whether we'll have anything 
anytime soon. 
 
If at all, we try to do anything from partnership activity, it has to be approved by the shareholder 
because there will be a related party. As of now, I think we are only benefiting from the 
investment as -- it's a pure strategic investment by them in our company, and they are one of the 
largest shareholders for us and also a member of the Board of the company. Beyond that, the 
relationship doesn't go. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. And how is the relationship with ASK growing since we have completed many projects 
and whether we have -- we got any future investments from ASK? 
 Gopalakrishnan J: 
ASK, we are committed -- we have only one more project scope left in the platform that we have 
signed up. But like ASK as well as a few other brand names, we are working with in terms of 
creating new capital because they all commit capital from a particular fund and then they have 
to raise a new fund to be able to commit further money. 
 
ASK is already in the conversation for additional limits, additional similar platforms, we are 
working on it. But we already have at least scope for another INR 135-140 crores of investment 
that can be made from the existing platform itself. We are working towards deploying that soon. 
And then we will enter into an additional similar platform with ASK as well as others. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. And with respect to the government royalty, can you just guide us what's the status now? 
 Gopalakrishnan J: 
As I said in my May call, we think we have made a meaningful progress. The final decision 
outcome is expected. As is with any government, it is expected any time, but it has not come 
through for the last couple of quarters. So I would probably reserve my estimate on time line. 
But I think the path is fairly clear. It has been signed off by a lot of people in the government. 
And therefore, we believe we should be on the right track. 
Raj Mehta: 
So how much reversal can we do in our P&L if we -- if the order goes in our favor, then how 
much reversal or how much PAT can increase because of that? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
No, I'll stay away from estimating that for now, but it is an exceptional onetime entry. So it will 
not have a -- it should not be seen as part of a PAT because it will be below the line as an 
exceptional item because it will be a onetime gain. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Raj Mehta: 
And sir, last question was related to how much savings have been made now since we are not 
using -- we are not going to pay the royalty to the Shriram Group? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Annually, we have incurred about 5% of PBT in the past, which is about INR4 crores or 
something that was the number the annual run rate we had in the past couple of years. To that 
extent, we'll save during this year. And we currently still use a member of Shriram Group as a 
tagline. When that stops, the royalty contribution will stop permanently. 
Raj Mehta: 
So as of now, we are paying royalty because we are using that tagline. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
We will not pay the full royalty because we have stopped using the brand identity. And we will 
stop using this member of Shriram Group in the foreseeable future or in the near future. And we 
haven't really committed any royalty flow on the member of Shriram Group usage. So therefore, 
for all practical purpose, entire royalty would be saved during the current financial year. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, if it's possible, then since you yourself know how much undervalued is our 
company, then is there any chance of increasing promoter shareholding to a certain extent and 
gives the investor the confidence of the sale? 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
There is no immediate plan to increase promoter holding. As you know, there's a transaction 
which is already approved by SEBI and it is in the working, in terms of inter promoter transfers. 
Only when that project is complete, then we will think about any other thing. But as of now, we 
should assume there's no increase in promoter shareholding from the market purchase. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Gopalakrishnan J: 
Thank you, everyone, for being part of this call, and it has been a good quarter, good start to the 
financial year, and we are happy to see you turning up in a large number to listen to our 
perspective on the earnings and the performance and outlook. 
 
And thank you once again for being on the call, and we are happy to answer any queries that 
you may have at any point of time directly through SGA or you can approach us directly, either 
way fine. 
 
Thank you once again for being on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Shriram Properties Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
