 
 
 
 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE OFFICE :  
GARWARE HOUSE, 50-A, SWAMI NITYANAND MARG 
VILE PARLE (EAST), MUMBAI – 400 057. 
 
TEL: 0091-22-6698 8000 (15 LINES)  
WEBSITE: www.garwarehitechfilms.com 
 
CIN: L10889MH1957PLC010889 
 
REGD. OFFICE: NAIGAON, P.O. WALUJ,  
CHHATRAPATI SAMBHAJINAGAR – 431 133 (INDIA) 
 
 
August 12, 2025 
The Compliance Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 500655 
 
 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Trading Symbol: GRWRHITECH 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited 
Financial Results / Business Performance of the Company for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, 
held on Friday, August 08, 2025 on Unaudited Financial Results / Business 
Performance of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company: https://www.garwarehitechfilms.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
 
 
______________________________ 
Awaneesh Srivastava 
Company Secretary  
FCS 8513 
Encl.: As stated above. 
AWANEESH 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by AWANEESH 
KUMAR SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2025.08.12 11:30:06 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
 
  
      
     
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M. S. ADSUL – DIRECTOR, TECHNICAL  
 
MR. DEEPAK JOSHI – DIRECTOR, SALES AND 
MARKETING  
 
MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH VERMA – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Verma from Ernst & Young. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Vikash Verma: 
Thank you, Muskaan. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Quarter 1 FY '26 Earnings Call 
for Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to express our 
gratitude to each of you joining the call today. 
 
To discuss the performance of the company and to answer the questions, we have with us from 
the company, Mr. M.S. Adsul, Director, Technical; Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director of Sales and 
Marketing; and Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion may 
contain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, which will be beyond management's control. We kindly request that you bear in mind, 
there may be uncertainties when interpreting such statements. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
We will now start the session with opening remarks from the management team. Afterwards, we 
will open the floor for an interactive Q&A session. I would now like to invite Mr. Deepak Joshi 
to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you, Vikash. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss the 
Q1 FY '26 performance of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited. The first quarter of FY '26 unfolded 
against the backdrop of a challenging external environment, both globally and domestically. 
Traditionally, a strong quarter for us. This year's performance was modest due to unusual 
monsoon patterns and emerging global trade uncertainties. 
 
On the domestic front, quarter 1 is usually a strong volume driver, but the monsoon season 
started 30, 40 days earlier than expected in the entire country. We have seen demand disruption 
in end-use sectors such as automotive for Suncontrol Films, and beverage for shrink films. This 
seasonal shift affected our order flows in our consumer and industrial divisions, particularly for 
segments that are sensitive to short-term demand cycles. 
 
In our SunControl Films business, revenue saw a year-on-year decline of approximately 7%, 
primarily due to early rains and temporary slowdown in demand from developed markets and 
sluggish growth in automotive sales. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Our Paint Protection Films segment recorded a year-on-year growth of approximately 28%, 
driven by higher adoption in global markets such as North America and the Middle East, 
supported by improved brand awareness and the expansion of Garware Application Studios. 
 
Revenues in our Industrial Products division saw a decline of around 3% on a year-on-year basis. 
Our shrink films sub-segment declined by nearly 29%, influenced by the unusual monsoon 
patterns, leading to slowdown in beverage industry and uncertainty of tariff situation in U.S. 
market. 
 
While the overall top line was impacted due to these evolving geopolitical and tariff-related 
concerns, we believe the fundamentals of our business remains strong. Our strong global 
presence, diverse product mix and a longstanding customer relationship continue to act as a 
strong lever. We have grown steadily over the last 10 years. FY '26 is likely to be a challenging 
year due to tariff uncertainties and geopolitical tensions.  
Until April 2025, we were paying a 6.25% tariff in U.S. market. Post that, a 10% base tariff was 
added, taking the total impact to 16.25%, which was absorbed in the entire value chain. An 
additional 15% tariff has been imposed with effect from 7th August. We are in discussion with 
our channel partners for an amicable solution for this. Currently, with the announcement of a 
further 25% tariff, we are evaluating our next steps, and we hope that this will end in a better 
way. 
 
I would like to mention here that the first 10% impact could have been INR100 crores in the 
bottom line. That means INR33 crores for quarter 1. However, it was absorbed by all our efforts 
during the entire supply chain. 
 
Our focus remains on capturing new opportunities in all business segments like automotive, 
architectural and shrink labels, while manufacturing products in a cost-efficient manner and 
improving operational efficiencies.  
We are also on track with our strategic investments, including the second PPF line and the 
upcoming TPU plant, both of which are expected to drive our next phase of growth. We remain 
committed to navigating the current environment with agility, while laying foundation for a 
stronger and more resilient future. 
 
With that, I will hand over to Abhishek Agarwal to walk you through the financials. Thank you. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thank you, Deepak, and good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the financials for the 
Q1 of FY '26. Our consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR495 crores compared to 
INR475 crores in the Q1 of FY '25, which translates to a 4.3% growth year-on-year. This is 
achieved even in a very tough operating environment. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR123 crores versus INR130 crores in the last year, while the EBITDA 
margin was 24.8% versus 27.4% in Q1 FY '25. The reduction was primarily on account of 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
increased employee and marketing costs, which is a strategic investment towards the long-term 
growth of the company. 
 
The PBT declined by 6.1% to INR110.3 crores versus INR117.5 crores in the same quarter last 
year. This is consistent with the revenue mix and investment-grade expansion. PAT for the 
quarter stood at INR83 crores compared to INR88.4 crores in Q1 FY '25. On the balance sheet 
front, we remain in a strong position, debt-free along with INR700-plus crores of cash and cash 
equivalents. This provides us ample headroom for our ongoing capex initiatives and potential 
strategic investments. 
 
We continue to invest in innovation, global expansion and long-term brand building, which will 
position us to capitalize on growth opportunities in the coming quarters. With that, we now open 
the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, in terms of -- just trying to understand your strategy given what has happened with the tariff. 
So we have a very strong presence in Europe, and we're also penetrating into Middle East. So 
new products, new geographies. So what is the alternative strategy or geographies we're looking 
for the growth? 
Deepak Joshi: 
On alternative geographies, we have like added new manpower in Europe and Middle East. 
Middle East, we are, in fact, growing pretty fast, and we expect around 30% to 40% growth in 
Middle East this year. And this is basically -- mainly this is happening into Architectural 
segment, because we were already pretty strong in Automotive segment in Middle East. But the 
growth, which was limited to earlier UAE and around the areas, now we are really penetrating 
well in most advanced markets like Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
 
So we have added manpower. We are putting a lot of digital media and other marketing efforts 
in Middle East to grow the business to around 30% to 40% this year. And in Europe, we already 
added like manpower 6 months back. And there also, we are seeing quite strong growth in that 
region. 
 
And of course, like you asked about the other reasons, but even in United States, we are trying 
to -- because we have added good new resources there as well. So to compete with the current 
scenario, we are working on a very strong measures, which leads to cost saving efforts.  
That means we are trying to make the product with -- I mean, these are like some innovative 
ways, same the product, we are trying to make it with a different ways with improving our 
efficiencies, which gives us lot of benefit, a lot of headrooms to mitigate the impact of tariffs 
from U.S. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And sir, I think, what I learned is that the whatever the U.S. exposure we have, I think half of 
the exposure is basically into our brands. I think we have three brands under which we sell the 
product. So in that case, the tariffs will not impact in that part of business, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Tariffs will impact the overall business. But this -- what you are saying half of the business, 
which is through our channel partners, we will have a strong advantage there as compared to the 
other business. Having said that, the entire customer base, we had a discussion, and they all are 
aligned. They understand the situation. So I mean, we will find out a solution. But to an extent, 
what you are saying is correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ PMS. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Yes, sir, just continuing on this very important subject of where we stand after this tariff. So I 
couldn't understand the -- your thinking in detail. Is it that you said Middle East, you would be, 
I mean, sending the goods from there? Or I mean, very difficult to understand. So can you please 
clarify how are we strategizing in case the situation with tariffs maybe ends up, maybe 30%, 
40%, if not 50% of tariffs, how do we maneuver the business accordingly? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So we -- what I said is not related to where we manufacture. The first question was related 
to our growth in Middle East and Europe, that means alternative geographies. So I explained 
that we have added manpower. We have stepped up our efforts in marketing to grow those 
markets, because that Saudi and Middle East, entire Middle East is a very big market for cars as 
well as buildings. And that area is very -- it's still growing very fast in terms of real estate growth. 
 
And I mean, SunControl sales for Architectural segment is one of the key part of that growth. I 
mean, we are putting a lot of efforts to directly enter into contracts with those builders and 
companies who are doing architectural business there. So that was the first question. 
 
But now, if you are talking of how do we maneuver if that continues. First of all, we hope like 
some solutions will come, we hope for that. But we are preparing for like whatever can go here. 
So in that way, we are reducing our cost, means the manufacturing of these products, there are 
various ways. We can improve a very good amount of efficiency there. 
 
And second thing is in terms of power and other initiatives, we are taking these initiatives to 
reduce the cost on that. So there are many initiatives, which company is working internally. And 
lastly, if that remains a long-term game, we are also evaluating like what can be done for a longer 
term, like after the cost savings and better efficiencies and all. So that also evaluation is going 
on. But at this event unless it is formalized in full, I won't be able to give much light on that. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Sir, two things I wanted to understand. One is that we would be selling there directly or we are 
selling through some channel partners. And then, the tariff would be on the -- your bill value 
which goes out. But on the ultimate price to the customer, that percentage will be lower.  

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So if you could explain if things have to be passed on to the customer and to the value chain 
overall, how would it work? Because I think even if it is 50%, the markup would be, I mean, 
much lower, given your cost to the distributor and beyond that, there would be multiple in terms 
of pricing. That is what one thing I wanted to understand. 
 
And secondly, is there an option of alternative manufacturing in the U.S.? Because your 
competitors would also be feeling the same heat, because probably U.S.-made manufacturing 
won't happen. It would be sourced from someone else. So how is the entire synergy panning out 
now? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So the thing is, to answer the first question, like you have summarized it well that there are 
the cost of selling from here to USA, to your own company, and from there to the customers. 
You are right. I mean, there are some benefits which company can take. But again, because of 
the confidentiality in nature, your direction is right, but I won't be able to tell you the exact 
numbers or exact thing what we are doing, because that is proprietary to the company. But 
definitely, your thought process is correct, right? So that is the possibility. And this kind of cost 
pressure can be reduced by doing such kind of things. Right? By -- I mean there is a leverage 
there. So that is done. 
 
Second thing is, in terms of the current situation in the market. So let me tell you like the Korean 
products, first of all, Garware or Global competes with the products which are manufactured in 
America. They hardly compete with the products which are manufactured from China, Korea 
and any other country.  
But when we talk of U.S. manufacturers, I won't name them, but they also have backward 
integration of their products. Some of them are coming from China and Korea or from any other 
part. And the duty impact has also hit them pretty hard. And that's why we have seen some price 
increase into the market to the end customers, right? 
 
So all those being documented, properly studied, and because this is only a situation, 
unfortunately, changed in a day-to-day basis in last week or so. So we are still evaluating, but 
we are now feeling confident that something will come out. As I said, this is challenging without 
a doubt, but we have options where we can pull everything together and make the best solution 
for us. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Sir, last thing, if I can ask, how does this work? I mean, in certain industries, a 20% tariff was 
supposed to be not as affecting the bottom line as much, maybe a couple of percentage points 
on the EBITDA for -- until it gets absorbed into the market. But with cost efficiencies, people 
could have managed.  
But in your industry or in your case, how much of a tariff is manageable? Is it maybe 20%? And 
beyond that, it becomes a very big hit on the profitability overall. So any metrics on that, if you 
can share it will be helpful for us to understand the gravity of the situation overall? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, in any case, like I explained in detail that 6% and then it went to 16%, which was a 
comfortable situation. Another 15%, we are working, like I said. But this last 20% is still -- I 
mean, that's -- I can say, that is very difficult situation, it makes it more, I would say, challenging. 
 
So I mean, initial ones, like I gave you an example, 10% could have fit us on with INR100 crores 
on the bottom line, right? That's a big number, which is INR33 crores of the bottom line. But 
you saw the results, which are -- and that started from April itself. So we were hardly impacted 
by this, because there were some other things like monsoon and other. But we navigated. 
 
So we are confident for some other percentage can be similarly traded up. But beyond that, it's 
very difficult to say what will hit, what will not. Because definitely, it's something which is 
macro -- at the macro level that government has to do. But beyond a certain number, it's very 
difficult to absorb that. So we have to work towards that, and we are hopeful something better 
will come out. I can't give you a number like beyond this, we can't do. 
 
And there is something which is for the confidentiality reason. We have lots of things where we 
can do, like whatever I can share in terms of operational efficiencies, power cost and alternative 
geographies. But beyond that, it's a little bit of confidentiality in nature where we would not like 
to share like what margins to our subsidiaries and selling into the market. So that's all I can say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunat from TCI. 
Gunat: 
So I would like to understand in the U.S., I mean, in the segments that we are present in, who 
are our main competitors? And what is our pricing as compared to them? So do we directly 
compete with 3M in the segments that we are present, or the competitors imports from Korea? 
And what is the pricing as compared to them? So -- before the tariffs, I mean, what kind of 
pricing differential was there? And how will the tariffs impact our competitiveness? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, there are four big players in U.S. market, including us, right? You named one of them. 
So they are pretty strong in Architectural segment. And others, there are two more players who 
are strong in Automotive segment, right?  
So we have also been pretty strong in Automotive, and we are now opened our good, strong 
ways for the Architectural segment, right? So that's how the competitor spanned out, because I 
won't name anyone, because of -- I mean, we can only talk to them as our peers, right? 
 
So now if you talk about the prices, we were like, I can say, 10% to 15% lower in U.S. market 
for the obvious reason that we were exporting to that market, and they were manufacturing the 
product there itself. 
 
Now with -- after the tariff situation, they -- everyone has got impacted. Because they all of them 
are doing either their direct imports from other countries or they are importing their raw 
materials, like they're manufacturing in U.S.A., but they are importing their raw material from 
other country or raw material or raw material being imported. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
So ultimately, and we have seen some price increase also from them, which we are also 
evaluating, which we will do. Because these things are very dynamic currently. So we don't even 
know the full impact, like how much peer A, B, C, D has increased. So we are studying that. 
And definitely, there is a scope of price increase, which we will take. 
Gunat: 
Got it. Got it. So I mean, if we have to track, I mean what is the main country from which raw 
materials are imported? And what kind of tariffs do they face with respect to -- if you compare 
it with our tariffs? And also earlier, you had given a guidance of INR2,500 crores in FY '26.  
So would you like to revise that to a lower level? Or do you think it is still possible to achieve 
those numbers? What should be the direct impact? And now that the tariffs have been further 
increased, so do you see any further impact? And if so, can you quantify it? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So the first question is, we have like a comprehensive tracking mechanism. Our team does 
like, which country is facing how much tariffs and what are the impact to each individual and 
how are they doing the prices, increase, stable and all those things. But obviously, that's very 
difficult to share here, because again, for the confidentiality reason, but we have that full access 
and it's still dynamic. Because many people do it in a week or 15 days' time or there is a time 
lag before the shipment comes there in the country, right? So that was the first. 
 
And second thing on the guidelines. Yes, of course, we have given the guidelines of INR2,500 
crores. That was given 3 years back, and we continuously move towards that. Even the last year, 
we did INR2,100 crores. But in the current situation, we will definitely like not to say anything 
or confirm that, because this is like something which is a very, I would say, again, something 
dynamic has happened, which is beyond our control. And it was -- I can understand even from 
the government bodies, that everybody is like, kind of, shock to all business and everyone. 
 
So we will need some time before we assess like where we can reach. So I would not -- I would 
like to stay away from giving any guidance right now, because this is something, even if I say 
something, but we don't know how much will be reversed or will happen. So in that situation, it 
doesn't make sense to say, like what would be the guideline. So we would like to stay away for 
this at this moment. We have always been very vocal and said whatever we could achieve. But 
right now, we would not like to say anything on that. 
Gunat: 
Got it. My last question would be, you said that prices were 15% lower as compared to peers. 
So after the -- for initial tariff implementation of first 25%, you said that the competitors also 
increased their prices. So was that delta of 15% still maintained till the first 25% tariffs were 
announced? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sir, the first 25% was announced 3 days back. So that's what I said. I mean, we were on -- I gave 
you with the timeline that it was only 10% additional from April till August 1. But the 
announcement was last week only. So we are evaluating that. Of course, there, the delta which 
we had, right, where we were a little lower, we can take advantage of that situation, right?  

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
And we can take corrective actions in terms of whatever we can gain from the market. Because 
we also -- we are working towards, like I said, on the cost-saving measures. And at the same 
time, we would like to retain our customer base. So that's the first priority for us going forward. 
 
So I hope I answered your question. Because it's so dynamic that it will take for us to take some 
time. In fact, I would say -- we don't know that something changes in the next 15, 20 days, 
because we understand the delegations are still happening towards the end of the month, and the 
negotiations are still going on. So we cannot comment at this moment on that particular situation. 
Gunat: 
Alright sir. So when it comes to a customer base or the distributor... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. I just request you to rejoin the queue for the follow-up question. The 
next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Sunil Jain: 
Sir, my question relates to considering, let's say, worst case scenario, and we get a 50% duty. In 
that case, if suppose we are not able to sell much in the U.S., whether the plant will be fully 
utilized? And if yes, then how the product can be diverted to other geography? And what could 
be the impact on the margin in that case? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, again, that's -- I mean, I would say it's a hypothetical question. But of course, I mean, what 
you say is in the current light of the situation, you are right. I mean, if you assume that, that 
situation remains. So in that case, I think we would -- I mean, maintain -- we would like to 
maintain, of course, our top line in the market. Because we never work in other markets, for 
example, Middle East and Europe, in light of that, what we are doing in USA, right? We have 
grown in all geographies. 
 
Of course, these geographies are a little smaller than what U.S. is. But our effort is to grow on 
all alternatives geographies, which we are already doing. Right? And our target would be to 
retain the customer base, whatever we are having. 
 
And we have some ways where we can -- as I said, there will be operational efficiencies and the 
power cost and some of the alternative methods where we will be able to reduce the impact of 
that. And we will be -- we should be able to maintain the customer line. But of course, there will 
be definitely some impact on the bottom line if the situation prevails. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. So that's great. Second thing is about India. So you said that shrink film got impacted. 
And also this other Suncontrol has also got impacted. But what about PPF in India? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So PPF has grown. Like I said, overall, PPF has grown by around 28% as compared to last 
year. Because it is -- it does not have seasonality impact, right? So it was unaffected. In fact, we 
have grown good around 28%. And that is overall number, that is export plus domestic 
consumption. But at the same time, in the domestic market also, it has grown around 25% to 
30%. Same, I mean, around 28% overall, but it has grown to all geographies. So that business is 
still growing, because it does not have any impact of seasonality. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Sunil Jain: 
How much it contribute to India revenue or overall revenue, India PPF? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, India business is roughly around 20% to 23% of PPF revenues. 
Sunil Jain: 
Sir, last thing about studio and all. Now how many more studio you have added? And what's the 
current numbers? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So current number, we have 250 plus, and we are now targeting towards 300. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shikhar Mundra from Vivog Commercial Limited. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Can you give a geographical split between the exports, how much we are doing from Middle 
East and how much from USA? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So we are doing roughly -- just 1 sec. So we are doing roughly 45% in America, in U.S., 
and around, one second, let me just pull out the numbers. So it's around -- I mean, I can say, in 
domestic market, we are doing 23.5%, and then 12% to 13% in Europe and between 3% to 5% 
in Middle East. So -- but the numbers, as I said, is growing very fast in Middle East and Europe, 
right? And of course, in India. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
And what was the growth rate for Middle East, you said 30%, 40%? And how about Europe? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Europe would be around 20%. Because it's an established market. There we have to get share 
from other competitors. So that's why Europe, we are targeting around 20%, whereas Middle 
East, we have added like a good manpower, and we have done a lot of initiatives, and we are 
seeing the traction towards 30%, 40% growth in Middle East. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Right. And for this 10% tariffs in Q1, how much of a hit we had to take or how much of 
absorption we had to do and how much did our supply do? Or if it was entirely our supply chain 
which did? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No. When I say supply chain, it means everyone, including us, because entire from us till the 
customer, right? The impact would have been, like I said, last year, almost INR1,000 crores in 
export to U.S. market was like 10%, means INR100 crores to that, which was like INR33 crores 
could have been in this quarter or I would say, INR25 crores, because of second half of April 
thing. But we got hardly, I think around INR3 crores or INR4 crores. Rest, we were able to do 
during -- I mean, in between our supply chain. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Okay. Okay. And based on your interaction with the supply chain, like how much of absorption 
is more possible for them like at what level, I mean, we'll have to stop supplying to the U.S.? 
Deepak Joshi: 
As of now, we don't see that we will stop supplying. But of course, like I answered the question 
already that there will be -- if this situation prevails, there will be definitely impact on the bottom 
line, right? But we don't see the situation like that we will stop supplying there. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Just one quick question. How much of this quarter's impact on revenue was because of the tariff 
versus because of the early monsoons? Is it possible to quantify at least directionally what is 
the...? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I think around total -- if you talk of revenue, around INR25 crores to INR30 crores, because of 
this rainy season. And around INR20 crores because of -- in IPD mainly because, I can tell you 
that in SunControl and PPF, we did not see much of the impact. But in Industrial Products, 
because that's a long supply chain and low-margin products in our value chain, so that's why we 
saw that into our shrink business. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
So INR30 crores and INR20 crores, roughly. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it, sir. I was just wondering that why -- one would think that with the threat of the upcoming 
tariffs, there would be a fill up in the channels rather than a slowdown in the ordering, right? 
Because, the tariffs hasn't been implemented yet as of the last quarter. So why was there a 
slowdown in anticipation? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, what happens is, because the situation has happened in -- towards China, that when 
there was announcement of 150% and all those things. These guys are noting down. And then 
what happened is, there were some product, and they had to pay that kind of duties. And then it 
was lowered, right? So people want to wait till they are in extreme urgency to get the product, 
maybe by air or so. 
 
So especially, as I said, we didn't see the much. I mean, it may be 5%, 10% in PPF and Suncontrol 
business. But on Industrial Products business, people try to stay away because that's -- if the 
Industrial Product means they have the stocks and then they manufacture that it goes to label, 
printing and all. So it's a cycle of around 3 to 5 months, right? 
 
So that cycle, people really feel afraid of that. Because especially the margin there are lower, 
pretty low as compared to other value chain. So that particular thing delays are, of course, they 
try to buy more and more, though they will not be pretty happy with the domestic suppliers, but 
they will continue -- they will buy from there. They will avoid imports from India. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. And sir, I got a little bit confused, although you answered this question. I'm not sure I've 
understood the answer properly. Is that, the people you're competing with, they are not the ones 
-- they're the ones that are manufacturing in the U.S., but they have some supply chain coming 
from China and Korea. I think that's what you tried to say. And because China and Korea are 
also facing tariffs, their costs have also gone up. But their costs have not gone up commensurate 
to our cost. Is that the fair way of looking at it? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, yes. We -- see, what happened is, we were in a good position, prior to like the 
implementation of the 25%, which was announced last 10 days back, right? And Korea was 
25%, that was lower to 15%. So in one, I would say, 7 to 10 days, the situation flipped, right? 
They were like 25% and they went down to 15%. We are at 10% and hoping for a better solution.  
So we went to 25%. So that's there. And China, I don't want to comment, because it's a lot up 
and down happening. We don't know how much is exactly, because there are so much 
exemption, so much inclusion, exclusion. So things are being -- that's volatile, I can say. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. So for the Americans, the only alternative is going to be, of course, they can either go to 
China or Korea in case the delta is significantly lower. But is it realistic for them to manufacture 
in America itself? Would there ever be a possibility? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I would -- again, this will be a little -- I mean, I can answer that. Yes, it's difficult in U.S. But I 
won't go much beyond why and all, but we feel it's not feasible. And also, I would like to tell 
everyone that the product, it's not very easy replacement, like, you can just not replace by our 
product with someone else.  
Because it comes with a lot of technicalities that means the visualize, that means the color, that 
means of the IR rejection, which was for a particular segment of cars were, because of the laws 
in different states like what VLT you can put, what VLT you cannot put, and the liking of the 
customers, they are -- it's very important when they see the aesthetics and also see how much of 
heat rejection is looking for. Normally in advanced markets like U.S., they look for more than 
90% of near infrared blockage. 
 
And our products being deep-dyed with nano-dispersion facility, people like the product, and 
they have been using for the dealer distributor for last 20, 25 years. So -- and even the applicators, 
they know the quality of the product in terms of application and the ultimate performance of the 
product. So it's not that easy to replace the chain very quickly. So that's why I said, we will try 
to maintain our customer base. There will be a little up and down or up and down in the bottom 
line, depending on what ultimate tariff is done for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway Investments. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
I wanted just two questions. One is, we had around 12% to 13% of our business coming from 
Asia, other than India. Is that number still valid? Or has it changed? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sorry, sir... 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
And how much of it is from Japan? 
Deepak Joshi: 
You are not audible a little bit. Can you repeat the question, please? 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. I'm saying, out of your total business, around 12% to 13% used to come from Asia other 
than India, correct? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Right. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Is that still there? And how much of it is from Japan? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Japan is very low in the number. Because I mean, that's not a very big market. And there are 
some producers already have very strong presence there. So the numbers are more or less the 
same between 12% to 13%. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And secondly, on the revenues that you gave just now, the loss of revenues because of 
drop in seasonal and this INR25 crores to INR30 crores drop in seasonal is only the Indian 
market, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. Yes. I'm talking only India market. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
And this INR20 crores IPD drop could be because of only the U.S. market? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. The drop in the delay, in the decisions and all. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. So total around INR45 crores. So you're comparing with your budgeted numbers for this 
quarter? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So that's what if we -- had we achieved that, we could have touched around INR550 crores. 
So that would have been reasonable. Because the fact is, if you really see the performance of our 
company, FY '24 versus FY '25, and now FY '26. So '24 to '25, the bottom line has almost done 
the double.  
If -- 88% to 90% growth has happened last year, and very good growth on the top line. So this 
year, with all those factors, I mean, we expected those numbers like INR550 crores or so. So 
like we are on track, and we expect. I mean, we expected the similar numbers from this. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And last question was on exports. How much of -- in quarter 1, '26, what is the export 
percentage? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So export, again, I mean, we tried since, a little better going into the market. So the export 
revenue -- sorry, -- so domestic revenue increased slightly. So it was -- to be very precise, it 
went to 27.5% in India, and total export happened around 72.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Souresh Pal from KRSP Capital Limited. 
Souresh Pal: 
Sir, you mentioned that beyond the point of tariff percentage you cannot manage. So what is the 
percentage of tariff that you can manage by improving operational efficiency and cost cutting 
and all those things? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I mean, honestly, we are doing a lot of efforts to improve those efficiencies and other 
methods. But for -- I mean, please understand that, I can't give the exact number because we are 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
hopeful to have something better. We assure you that like in this current scenario, we are -- we 
are -- we will definitely do, I mean, good in terms of our numbers, top line and bottom line. 
 
But that exact number is very difficult to give now. Because still, as I said, this dynamism though 
we were working on the efficiencies from war levels in April, because we expected anything 
might happen. But these last numbers, they came like a shock. I mean, these kind of things really 
need a careful consideration. As a company, we do a lot of due diligence before we can say 
anything into that. So I request that I have -- I mean, allow me to maintain what I said. I can't 
say beyond this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kishan Tosniwal from Polar Ventures LLP. 
Kishan Toshniwal: 
I have two questions basically. The business of studio that we started in India, how is that 
progressing? And the revenue, can you split the revenue from that as well? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, the thing is, this particular business is a franchisee model. So we drag the growth of 
them in terms of like how much total we are doing. But I can tell you, like I said, we are growing 
between 25% to 30% into PPF business and around 15% to 20% in Suncontrol business in India.  
So the primary growth, now because entire channel has been kind of, we are the major suppliers 
and having the market penetration of more than 60%. So now the growth is coming, mostly 
coming from that channel only. So we can attribute, I think, like the new growth, whatever we 
are having 15% to 20% in Suncontrol Films and 25% to 30% in PPF is linked to the Garware 
Application Studios. 
Kishan Toshniwal: 
And how is the margin profile in that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So margin profile is, because what we are -- to protect them, what we are doing, we are giving 
them some unique products like titanium PPF is dedicated to them. Then we have also launched 
one more category of PPF and one or two different categories of kits. So the margin from that 
particular product, because we support the gas, but still, that is one of the -- we give them the 
best of the best products. 
 
And their average is higher than what we do through the normal distribution channel, right? And 
just to mention that, since that has been a flagship studios, which are on the franchisee model, 
we have -- we give more facilities to them, like I said, unique products to them, which we do not 
sell into the market.  
Then we give them the benefit of Bajaj Finance, then insurance, and then a couple of coatings, 
which we provide and cleaning equipment. So overall, that's a model which is franchisee-based 
and gives us on an average 10% to 15% better margins that, what we achieved from the market 
through our normal channel. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Kishan Toshniwal: 
If I can squeeze in one more question. I just wanted to know that the PPF business that we are 
doing, what is the split between India and outside India? And how is Indian market growing? 
What is the acceptance ratio in India? Or how the customers are accepting it? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So as I indicated in my earlier question that India is around 25% of overall PPF business, right? 
And that segment is continuously growing. Our overall growth has been last year to this year 
has been 28%. And both markets, India and export has grown almost equal numbers, 25% to 
30% on an average, both. So the -- and that is also around 25% of our total export market. 
 
In fact, in PPF, the revenue mix is going high towards Middle East and European side. I mean, 
that's slowly increasing. So -- but again, -- we don't want to go much detail, because now current 
situation is, because of this geopolitical tariff situation, right? We are evaluating if we can further 
penetrate, especially the PPF business into these geographies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi from Abakkus. 
Aditi: 
You just mentioned that there are currently 250 studios, and you would like to reach the target 
of 300. Could you please clarify on the timeline for the same? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, we will -- since the initial growth has been very, I would say, phenomenal, so by end of this 
year, that is March -- 31st March 2026, we can complete those 300. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Punit Mittal from EBISU Investments Advisors. 
Punit Mittal: 
Just two questions. Is it fair to assume, you said there were -- can you hear me? Yes, I have two 
questions. One is related to -- one is related to the revenues that you deferred during Q1, because 
of the early monsoon onset. Do you see that revenue being pushed back to Q2 and Q3 rather 
than lost revenue? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I think if the monsoon started early, and if it goes early, that means if we see good October heat. 
So surely, it can come back. I mean, it's something -- let me tell you one straight away. It is our 
revenue of that particular business, label business, is directly linked to the beverage industry, 
right? So if it happens, like we also see, when -- that if IPL comes or something comes in the 
summer season, though the demand increases. That's a very direct linkage to that particular 
business of label, right? 
 
So two things. One is the label business, another is SunControl. So if we see better summer, 
more Sun, then definitely these two businesses in the domestic market help us. So if it happens, 
like if it goes in September or something and we see good sunlight in September, October, then 
definitely, it will come back. 
Punit Mittal: 
Okay. And the second question, back to the U.S. where you lost about INR20 crores -- and the 
second question -- regarding the U.S. business, where you said you lost about INR20 crores due 
to tariffs. And naturally, given the uncertainty around things, I think a lot of clients are probably 
waiting.  

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
But is it fair to assume that, what will happen is if this uncertainty continues for some more time, 
then people would essentially defer their purchases, but essentially not -- you would not lose 
market share because I think pretty much all players are in the same boat. Is it fair to assume 
that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I was very certain on the first question. But this particular question, the situation is like if 
there are players which are producing the product in the nearby countries. For example, South 
America or -- I mean, the major competition comes from U.S. market -- U.S. producers as well, 
right? 
 
So if this situation prevails, right, so we might have to talk on the, I mean, lower margins or 
lower prices and then compete with them, because right now, because this was a real uncertain 
like happened in case of China where people ordered the goods when it landed in the market and 
they faced a tariff, which was dropped later on, right?  
So that is the uncertainty where people don't know what will happen, right, in that. Because they 
all knew from 1st of August or initially from 9th of July, when 3 months were over, the tariff to 
India was about to go to 26%. And they were expecting that this might happen in between 
somewhere like the trade deals or instead of 26%, it goes to 15%. 
 
So that kind of uncertainty prevailed into the market, which last 10 days has gone to a different 
level. So we really don't want to give that situation, that like, I mean, this situation where -- 
whatever way this changes, we will take action accordingly. Because right now, we can't tell 
them to buy, and we will see that because the margins on that particular segment is lower than 
in the Consumer Product Division. So that's the worry. 
Punit Mittal: 
So a related question to that, and I don't know whether you'll be able to answer this. But the new 
tariff, which is -- related question to that, because the new tariffs were announced, but it will be 
implemented 21 days later. And if the goods are in transit during that period, then the new tariff 
is not applicable to the goods in transit. Does that mean that, because you have a subsidiary in 
the U.S., would you be able to stock the inventory there, then? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So for that particular thing, we actually honestly, whatever we have, we are trying to shift 
the goods before it goes onboarded, before 27th of August, right? That works on the Bill of 
Lading. So we are working hard to supply more products before -- I mean, before the deadline 
of '27. So we are working on that. I mean, we are doing that rather I can say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, we will take this as the last 
question. I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Joshi for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films management, I would like to thank all the participants for 
their time to listen to us. And we would like to assure you that we will do our best to protect the 
interest of our investor family. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
