-
SURYA ROSHNI LIMITED 
An IS/ISO 9001, An IS/ISO 14001 
& IS: 18001 Company 
CIN -L31501 HR1973PLl.;007543 
SRL/25-26/25 
August 21, 2025 
Pad ma Tower-1 , Rajendra Place, New Delhi-110 008 
Ph.: +91-11-47108000 E-mail: cs@surya.in 
Website : www.surya.co.in 
The Secretary 
The Stock Exchange, Mumbai 
New Trading Ring, 14th Floor, 
Rotunda Building, P.J.Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI-400001 
Scrip Code: 500336 
The Manager (Listing Department) 
The National stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: SURY AROSNI 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call (Group Meet) for the Quarter ended 30th June, 2025 
Dear Sir, 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated 8th August, 2025 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call (Group meet) to 
discuss the Unaudited financial results and operational performance for the quarter ended 30th 
June, 2025 scheduled for Wednesday, 13th August, 2025 at 4:30 P.M (1ST). 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges already on 13th August, 2025, we 
are enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call (Group Meet). 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.surya.co.in under 
Financials in the Investor section. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Surya Roshni Limited 
BBSINGAL 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
Enclosed: as above. 
• 
Regd. Office : Prakash Nagar, Sankhol, Bahadurgarh, Haryana - 124507 
BHARAT 
BHUSHAN 
SINGAL
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
BHUSHAN SINGAL 
Date: 2025.08.21 
14:51:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Surya Roshni Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th August 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJU BISTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. B. B. SINGAL – CFO AND CS 
 
MR. GAURAV JAIN – CEO, STEEL OPERATIONS  
 
MR. VASUMITRA PANDEY – CEO, LIGHTING & 
CONSUMER DURABLES 
 
MR. NARESH SINGHAL – ED, STEEL OPERATION  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Surya Roshni Limited Q1 FY '26 earnings 
conference call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involves 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Bista, Managing Director of Surya Roshni Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Raju Bista: 
Thank you very much, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, once 
again, I extend a very warm welcome to everyone for joining us today in the call. On this call, 
we are joined by Mr. B. B. Singal, CFO and Company Secretary; Mr. Gaurav Jain, who is newly 
appointed as a CEO of Steel Business; Mr. Vasumitra Pandey, newly-appointed CEO for 
Lighting & Consumer Durables; Mr. Naresh Singhal, Executive Director, Steel Division; and 
SGA our Investor Relations Advisor. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the 
financial results of today. 
 
Moving on to the overall financial performance highlights. We are pleased to share the 
consolidated performance of Surya Roshni Limited for the first quarter of financial year '26. In 
Q1 FY '26, our consolidated revenues stood at INR1,605 crores, down 15% year-on-year, while 
EBITDA came in at INR83 crores, representing a 48% decline over last year for the same 
quarter. Our EBITDA margin was at 5.14% compared to 8.37% in Q1 FY '25, reflecting the 
impact of softer commodity prices, muted execution of certain government projects and seasonal 
demand factors linked to the early onset of monsoon.  
In Steel Division, company has implemented the SAP HANA software with effect from 1st of 
April 2025. However, there were initial disruptions in SAP implementation, integration process 
and other teething troubles in April and a few days in May also, which resulted the sale loss to 
the tune of 25,000 to 30,000 metric tons in Q1 FY '26, which approximately value about INR180 
crores to INR200 crores. 
 
The Steel Pipe and & Strips segment saw headwinds from delayed fund disbursion in domestic 
project market and raw material price volatility. But export volumes grew by 23% year-on-year, 
led by strong demand from the Middle East sector. 
 
The Lighting & Consumer Durables business delivered a modest revenue increase supported by 
healthy double-digit volume growth in LED lamps, batten and water heater for the category, 
despite pricing pressures in certain categories. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
While our top line and margins were under pressure this quarter, our diversified business mix, 
operational disciplines and healthy order book provide a solid foundation for recovery in the 
coming quarters. We have continued to invest in strategic initiatives, including capacity 
expansion, product innovation and brand building. 
 
Now we are a zero debt company with a net cash surplus of INR331 crores as of June 30, 2025.  
Coming to Lighting & Consumer Durables, 
In Q1 FY '26, our Lighting & Consumer Durables segment posted revenue of INR397 crores, up 
by 3% year-on-year basis, driven by strong volume growth, despite industry headwinds. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR31 crores versus INR35 crores last year, with margin at 7.8%, compared 
to 9%, a slight decline due to price erosion in consumer lighting, early monsoon led demand 
volatility and moderated government procurement in professional lighting products. Margins are 
expected to recover, supported by festive demands, premium product offerings and upcoming 
launches. 
 
In Professional Lighting, we maintain an order book of about INR100 crores. Our pipeline of 
two, three new categories and a diversified product portfolio should help meet FY '26 target, 
despite slower government spending. 
 Our INR25 crore house domestic wire cable facility in Gwalior plant will launch on the 18th of 
August this month, targeting about INR150 crores in the first year and scaling to about INR500 
crores in the next 2 to 3 years period. 
 
For FY '26, we maintain in Lighting Division, our double-digit growth guidance. With capacity 
expansion, new products and alignment with the government initiatives, we are well positioned 
to grow both domestically and internationally even in lighting also, focusing on premium 
product categories, operational efficiencies and strong channel engagement. 
 
On to the Steel Pipe and Strips Division,  
In the Q1 FY '26, our Steel Pipe and Strips segment operated in a challenging environment 
marked by subdued domestic demand, raw material pricing volatility and the early onset of 
monsoon. While revenue stood at INR1,207 crores, down 20% year-on-year, while EBITDA 
declined to INR52 crores from INR24 crores (to be read as INR124 crores).  EBITDA per ton 
was INR2,922 per ton, lower by 52% year-on-year basis, mainly due to lower high-margin 
product contribution, inventory losses from steel price segment and muted project demand. 
 
Overall, volume fell 13% year-on-year, with domestic products segments volume down nearly 
about 30% due to slower government project execution, funding constraints, and softer API and 
Spiral Pipe demand and the monsoon disruption. Cautious buying in trade and actual user 
segments, amid the expectations of further steel price softening, also hold on demand. In 
contrast, export rose by about 23% year-on-year despite geopolitical challenges driven by strong 
Middle East shipment, including hollow section pipe aligned with our overseas growth strategy.  

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
We closed the quarter with a healthy INR750 crore to INR800 crore order book across oil and 
gas, water, and even in export also, including large dia-coated pipe orders for water 
infrastructure. Execution of pending orders is expected between July to September, aiding Q2 
and Q3 recovery. 
 
Operationally, our cold rolling mill was commissioned in June this year. Although its 
contribution to Q1 FY '26 was minimal to about 6,000 tons during the month, but we'll expand 
our product range and margins as volumes ramp up.  
Capacity utilization for overall Steel segment was 68% in Q1 and should improve in the coming 
quarters. Our expansion program is on track. The 60,000 tons capacity of DFT Forming 
Technology mill at Anjar Bhuj will commission by March/April '26. 
 
I am pleased to announce that we have appointed Mr. Surya Kumar Yadav, T20 captain of 
Indian cricket team, as a brand ambassador, a strong name synergy that aligns with our 
brand-building push. We'll continue to invest in publicity and marketing to strengthen our 
domestic and export presence. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect steel prices to remain broadly stable or see a slight uptick with no 
major downside. GI orders should improve from quarter 2 as government projects pick up. With 
a strong order book, growing exports, capacity enhancements and brand investments, we are 
confident that our performance will improve from quarter 2 onwards. 
 
This was from my side. Now I will request our CFO, Mr. B. B. Singal, to share his thoughts on 
the results. 
B. B. Singal: 
Thank you, respected MD sir and a very good evening to all the participants on the call. For the 
quarter, the revenue was INR1,605 crores, as compared to INR1,893 crores. EBITDA and PAT 
stood at INR83 crores and INR34 crores, as compared to INR159 crores and INR92 crores, 
respectively. 
 
In Lighting and Consumer Durables, for the quarter the revenue stood at INR397 crores as 
against INR385 crores, a growth of 3% year-on-year basis. EBITDA and PBT stood at INR31 
crores and INR21 crores, respectively.  
In the Steel Pipes & CR Strips, during Q1 FY '26, the revenue was INR1,207 crores as compared 
to INR1,509 crores. Similarly, EBITDA per metric ton stood at INR2,922 compared to 
INR6,065. EBITDA and PBT stood at INR52 crores and INR24 crores.  
Improved capacity utilization, working capital optimization and cost rationalization enabled us 
to become a zero debt company and having cash surplus fund of INR331 crores as of 30th June 
'25. 
With this, I conclude the presentation, and we can now open the floor for further questions and 
answers. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The first question is from the line of Mr. Viraj from Enigma Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Sir, my first question is, in your May 14th presentation, you had mentioned that we will grow by 
more than 20% in the full year. You had also mentioned that our EBITDA looks to be around 
5,500. And this is when half the quarter was gone of last quarter. And we did not talk about any 
disruption from SAP implementation or lower sales coming due to government tightening the 
budgets. 
It's just really contradictory when half the quarter is gone and the tone is very different from 
what the results you have reported. Can you just elaborate how did things change so 
dramatically, or we just missed completely the slowdown? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, I agree with you. The result is not according to the forecast we had given you. But purely 
as I told you, because in the lighting division, we did not face any issues in SAP implementation. 
And our go live was from 1st April in  steel division. And in that, because in the pipe division, 
particularly a lot of products are sold in meters and then some in kilograms. So, due to this, we 
had some issues in integration. So, in that, almost our entire month was washed out. And that 
was mainly a issue. And because of that, within the per ton EBITDA, around INR2,000 rupees 
per ton fixed cost has increased. And we had inventory losses of around INR1,000 per ton. Like 
this, per ton EBITDA, in comparison with INR6,000 and INR5,500 we came close to INR3,000.  
But I would like to tell you that as I had forecasted earlier, because in Q2 also, almost half of 
our time has passed. And the kind of performance that is going on after May, so we are doing 
the same growth that we had told you in the overall year. And in Q2, you will see a very 
substantial growth in terms of volume and in terms of EBITDA. And I believe that in the entire 
year, as we had given a guidance of 11 lakh tons, so I am reducing the same slightly down to 
around 10 lakh 50 thousand tons - precisely around that, we will do volume in the Steel Division.  
And the EBITDA for the entire year, which I had told around INR5,500 rupees per ton, that will 
remain the same. So, one was due to SAP ERP, the second was due to monsoon, which was a 
little early. And when the monsoon becomes early, then there is a little destocking in the dealer 
network and because of that, the orders do not flow. The pre-monsoon was also good, the overall 
monsoon is also good. The end result will come that there will be more demand creation in 
agriculture and there will be good demand generated in domestic trade in GI pipe. 
So, you be assured that our overall commitment will remain as it is -particularly because we do 
not have much in our hands, because we have been working on ERP (SAP) for two years. And 
I would also like to tell you that in the steel pipe segment, we will be the first company in India 
to have integrated so much and implemented ERP (SAP) 100% end-to-end. That is Surya Roshni 
only. 
Viraj: 
Thank you for your answer. Sir, I will ask again that you are saying now that you will turn 
10,50,000 ton in steel and EBITDA of INR5,500 per ton. So, you are still talking about INR600 
crore EBITDA, whereas in your first quarter, the EBITDA is in front of you, which means less 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
than INR50 crores. So, in such a scenario, can you tell me 100% that your volume growth in Q2 
is 20%-25% and 30% y-on-y growth is of that kind? 
Raju Bista: 
Look, if I want to tell you like this, as a forecast, within quarter two, there will be growth in our 
revenue of 35%-38%. 
Viraj: 
35%-38%. 
Raju Bista: 
35-38%. You note this down and ask again in the next call. And overall, what you are telling, 
because we also calculate and say before answering you. Otherwise, you can see the track record 
of the past five years. Overall, the commitments we have made have been fulfilled. And in the 
whole year, the growth of more than 20% will be of Surya Roshni. And as we have told you, 
EBITDA of the whole year will be around INR590-INR600 crores. 
Viraj: 
Right. Sir, the second question is about lighting. In lighting, sir, we thought that the price erosion 
was completed last year, but now you are talking about more price erosion, due to which the 
EBITDA of lighting has also declined. Would you like to shed some light on that? How long 
will this go on? 
Raju Bista: 
No, look, you are asking the right thing, but in lighting, major price erosion is not that. But we 
have been seeing price erosion quarter on quarter, whether it is in the bulb segment or in the 
batten segment. So, due to this, we are changing to the product category and moving to another 
product category simultaneously. And in this quarter, particularly in the lighting division, our 
B2B business has grown a little, we had sold more but there was a lower margin in one the 
projects. 
Due to this, its impact is visible, but in the whole year, even within the lighting division, you 
will have EBITDA of around INR180-INR190 crores for the whole year, as it is, which we had 
made a commitment earlier. But the good thing is that in the lighting division, a lot of companies 
were formed in the last five years, some were old, many were closed, could not run. Despite are 
all kinds of problems in the market, we have maintained ourselves, we have never allowed our 
cost to increase, and we have launched products at regular intervals, and we have also changed 
our segment, which was originally called Surya Roshni as a company of bulb tube, we have 
changed ourselves to a great extent.  
And our dependency is not only on bulb and tube, in fact, the sale of conventional lighting has 
almost stopped. Now we are providing full range. And as I said earlier, the domestic wire 
segment also there was a delay of two months in launching, because of the late arrival of plant 
and machinery. So its production has also started, and on 18th September (to be read as August), 
we are launching from the south, so its revenue of around INR150 crores will also be added this 
year. 
Viraj: 
Sir, if I see your last year's Q2 number, you had a revenue of INR1,530 crores, if we take a 
growth of 35%-40%, then you are saying that you will do a revenue of INR2,100 crores, and if 
you have INR5,500, what are you saying sir? 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Raju Bista: 
We will do INR2,130 crores in revenue. Within the steel division, there will be a revenue of 
around INR1,650 crores, and in lighting, there will be a revenue of around INR470 crores-
INR480 crores. 
Viraj: 
And sir, the second question was that if we have to do INR5,500 per ton on EBITDA for the full 
year, then in the remaining three quarters, we will have to do INR6,500 per ton on EBITDA? 
Raju Bista: 
In quarter 2, we will have to do INR5,500, and in quarter 3 and 4, we will have to do INR6,000 
each. 
Viraj: 
So you will do INR5,500 in the next quarter, are you confident about this? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, you will see INR5,500 only in quarter 2, and in the balance quarter, INR6,000 each. And 
the order book of INR1,000 Crore that I was telling you about  products with a high margin, 
which will be present for a month in Q2 and will have an impact in Q3 as well. 
Viraj: 
Right sir. And sir, the last question was the same. Sir, our AGM is coming up. Sir, this was the 
request, that we have been talking about demerger for 4-5 years as a minority investor. But sir, 
we have not been able to create value for the shareholder, although the company does well. But 
sir, if you can please keep a proposal for the demerger, then it will be very helpful. 
Raju Bista: 
No, I am aware of your feelings, and I respect your feelings, and we will strongly take your stand 
forward. You keep sharing your thoughts, and I have complete faith that the board will take a 
decision on this soon. And I would also like to say that whatever profit comes in a year, we have 
decided that half of it will go to the shareholder, and half of it will go in capex and working 
capital. 
So, whatever we earn, because the company has a cash surplus of INR350 crores as on today as 
well. So, whatever it is, it is the shareholder's money, whether it is a majority shareholder as a 
promoter or a minority individual shareholder. 
Viraj: 
Sir, if we do PAT of INR450 crores to INR500 crores in FY26, if everything else you said is 
correct, INR400 crores, INR450 crores whatever it is, we will give a dividend of INR200 crores. 
Do you agree with this? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, I think so. We gave INR120 crores this year. Why do you go for the next year? We will 
give it this year. 
Viraj: 
Sir, it was INR120 crores, but you are talking about a drastic improvement. Okay, sir, so you 
said in in Q1, sir, we will ask you again in Q4? 
Raju Bista: 
Sir, we started with 20%, we have reached 170% dividend. 
Viraj: 
No, sir, this is about the payout. It is about the percentage dividend you are giving for what you 
are earning? 
Raju Bista: 
Sir, we gave INR120 crores last year. You don’t assume for next year. We will give you this 
year itself INR200 crores. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Viraj: 
Yes it is about this year, sir. I am talking about FY26, not about FY27? 
Raju Bista: 
Absolutely. 
Viraj: 
Thank you. Best of luck.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Jatin from Svan Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Jatin: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, a lot of questions have been answered, but I wanted clarity. 
Like you said in your opening remarks that the GI contribution was less. Can you tell me how 
much GI contribution was in the total product mix in this quarter as compared to last year and 
previous quarter? 
Raju Bista: 
One minute. It was around 10% less. Instead of 50,000 tons, it was 40,000 tons. It was 10%, 
12% less in GI. Overall, if you look at it segment-wise, in FY26, the contribution of the trade 
business in steel segment is about 55%. In the trade segment only, the majority of our 
galvanizing pipe is exported. It constitutes about 13% of exports. So, in this quarter category, 
the contribution is about 68%. 
Jatin: 
Like you said, it was 10% less. In fact, the EBITDA per ton that we have shown in 2,900 is the 
same as that of the normal black pipe. So, does this mean that we did not get any benefit of API, 
Spiral and GI in this quarter? 
Raju Bista: 
No. If you look at it overall, the EBITDA per ton was less as compared to last year. It is in all 
product categories. For example, if I tell you that the contribution of the round pipe was reduced 
from 4,000 to 1800. I am talking about the black round. And the contribution in the galvanizing 
pipe was more than 7,000 plus EBITDA. That contribution left in that was 4,500. We lost 
INR2,500. So, the impact of INR2,500 to INR3,000 per ton was mainly due to the reduction in 
volume, as our fixed cost increased and the inventory loss around INR1000 was also added to 
it. 
Jatin: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, according to your guidance, we will see 35%, 38% growth in revenue in 
Q2. So, does this mean that our volume has been so strong in the month of July? Can you give 
some guidance about the volume in July and category wise? 
Raju Bista: 
No. In Q2 our volume has been good in July as well as in August. The volume is good in all 
product categories. As I told you, you will see an overall growth of 35%, 38% as a whole. In 
fact, within the steel division, the growth will be more than 40% in Q2. 
Jatin: 
Sir, I am talking according to that. As we have increased the volume of 180 in the first quarter. 
If we take volume growth of 35% in Q2? 
Raju Bista: 
The quantity of 30,000 tons was less and we lost our revenue of INR190 crores to INR200 crores. 
Otherwise, you see, if you add it up, the results look good. 
Jatin: 
But sir, as we are maintaining the guidance of INR10.5 lakhs. So, in Q2, our growth rate will be 
around 40% in volume. Even if I maintain the pricing. So, the guidance of 40% growth which 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
we have never done historically in the second half. And we are assuming 40% growth in the 
second half. Is it possible or will it happen? 
Raju Bista: 
No. We have done it historically. In fact, there is more volume growth in the second half. There 
is more demand. So, you be rest assured that in Q2, we will have a dispatch of around 2.5 lakh 
tons as compared to 1.9 lakh tons in Q1 and in the previous year, I think it was only 1.74 lakh 
tons. It was less. 
Jatin: 
In the previous year, it was 1.65 lakh tons in the second quarter? 
Raju Bista: 
In Q3 & Q4, we will do around 6 lakh plus few thousand tons. Our capacity of 60,000 tons of 
cold-rolling has started in June. So, that will also be added on. Spiral mill has started in Gwalior. 
That will also be added on. And the volume is increasing in DFT also. And there is good demand 
in export too. In Q1, we did growth of around 23%. And we have the order book of INR1,000 
crores of water segment and API export.  
Jatin: 
Sir, as we told you, the volume of 180 - 190. When we did the earnings call in the first half of 
May, we had given guidance of INR10.5 crores that time, we were not able to see the one off 
that hit will come in the first quarter. So, what is the scenario that we are seeing it that we are 
able to say with confidence that our Q2, second half will be much stronger. How can we say 
with confidence that in Q2 will not face too much heat? 
Raju Bista: 
No. As I said earlier, Q1 was unexpected. Because of ERP, it was hit., But we had moved forward 
so much, so we did not want to linger on it further. So, it was a management call. We did it 
strictly. So, now coming to Q2. Looking at the overall order book, the new capacity commission 
and the overall environment of the domestic sector because of monsoon and agriculture, we have 
full hope that we will achieve the commitment that we are forecasting. Sir, in reality once we sit 
in Q2 then only you will believe, but what is the fact I am telling you.  
Jatin: 
That is right, sir. As you are saying INR600 crores, the trend of Q1 and as you are guiding for 
INR600 crores, something which is looking much more on the aggressive side, then what if not 
happen? 
Raju Bista: 
We are going strongly. We have also brought the brand ambassador. We are also running new 
ad films. Whatever should be done for business growth, we are doing it, but some things are not 
in our hands. We did not know that Trump will come with 50% tariff. 
Jatin: 
So, we will wait for the Q2 and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, I have got answers to many questions, but there 
is a strategic question. When we look at your competition and the biggest competitor, the biggest 
steel pipe manufacturer in India it has grown by 10% or so in Y-o-Y. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
So, my question is that how, I mean, there will be a difference in products, but they are able to 
grow. I mean, the steel pipe industry is also growing and we did not grow. So it means, the 
market share has lost. So, are we doing any such exercise or where we are thinking? 
Raju Bista: 
Sir, on any competitor, I will not be able to comment.  
Aditya Pal: 
Sir, I am not requesting for commentary on the competitor. I am saying that if he is able to grow, 
whose scale is so big. I mean, the industry is also growing. So, my only question is that we have 
thought that we should talk to our distributors and tell them to pitch our products further or we 
will have to add new distributors. Do you have such a thought process? 
Raju Bista: 
No, on a regular basis this is our ongoing process. All of India is mapped and wherever we do 
not have a presence, there we increase our presence. We are also bringing plants for different 
locations. But what is it, I will tell you. I cannot say who is doing what. But I can say that we 
have aligned ourselves according to the demand and growth of India.  
And if you look at the competition, particularly if you go into the same segment, then  see their 
per ton EBITDA, leave a particular quarter because of ERP. Otherwise, you will see that in 
comparison to that, you will get the better per metric ton EBITDA of Surya Roshni. 
Aditya Pal: 
I totally agree with you. But my question is that, when you look at one quarter Surya Roshni in 
standalone in the industry, not just that single competitor, but the other companies as well, there 
is a lot of growth in them as well? 
Raju Bista: 
Because it was a one-time hit in April. There was an impact of 25,000 to 30,000 tons. That is 
basically it. If you add it up, everything will be fine. 
Aditya Pal: 
Okay, so 2,00,000 tons comes in? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, 2,17,000 to 2,20,000 tons it should come.  
Aditya Pal: 
Okay, so that means a loss of 40,000 tons to 45,000 tons? 
Raju Bista: 
30,000 tons. Now it is 1,90,000, right? 
Aditya Pal: 
No, I derived it out from EBITDA per ton. So it comes to 1,70,000. So let's see the next quarter. 
Best of luck.  
Raju Bista: 
And we will honor our core commitment for the year. 
Aditya Pal: 
No, sir. I just want to say that you have good products. You are also getting the capacity online. 
In the last four years, five years, you will see that there was no capacity, but your EBITDA has 
grown. Your EBITDA per ton is the best in the industry. So I just want to say that is it a 
distribution problem, because we have products, we have a brand, we are a very old company. 
Now the capacity is also online. So there is something where a problem can be solved. 
Raju Bista: 
No, sir. No, you are right. Sir, at many places we get a very good premium compared to our 
competitors. But there are some segments where we do not go. In which the recovery of the cost 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
can be very difficult. So we do not deal in that product category. So many small-scale companies 
work in this segment. It does not suit us. So we get involved in products in which there is value 
addition, there is a little premium, there is a little margin, there is a little export, there is a little 
API. We put more efforts in these product category. Particularly, those who make a section, 
square, rectangle from a patra, in that, the cost is also recovered with great difficulty. 
Aditya Pal: 
Right, sir. Right. 
Raju Bista: 
Because we have to comply with everything. So there is a lot of growth in such segments, when 
there is a lot of variation gap in steel. 
Aditya Pal: 
Correct. Okay, sir. See you next quarter. Wishing you all the very best. 
Raju Bista: 
Whatever expansion we have done, we have done in the same product category, in which there 
is a little value addition, there is a little margin, there is a little premium product category. 
Aditya Pal: 
Right. Sir, you are saying that you are confident of 10.5 lakhs. I mean, next this year's FY ‘26, 
10.5 lakhs, do you think it is locked in? 
Raju Bista: 
Right. This time, we will do more than 2,40,000. And in the next two quarters, we will do around 
6,00,000 tons. So we will reach around 10.5 lakh tons. 
Aditya Pal: 
Okay. Sir, I have only one request from you. In the Q3, your investor presentation will come. In 
that, if you can give us a good capacity mapping, before the FY ‘26 report, that will be very 
helpful for us. 
Raju Bista: 
Okay, sir. We will also give you on the roadmap for the next five years. 
Aditya Pal: 
Perfect, sir. Thank you so much. That will be very, very helpful. 
Raju Bista: 
The new addition of the plant, we are enhancing the capacity regionally. There has been a big 
fluctuation freight in the steel, because the competition is heavy. If the freight is more than 
INR1,000, INR1,200, then there is pressure in the margin. Keeping that in mind, where our 
average freight is INR1,800 to INR2,000, we are trying to reduce that. 
Aditya Pal: 
Okay. Sir, all the very best. Thank you for letting me off the... 
Raju Bista: 
You motivate us. 
Aditya Pal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Keshav Garg. But before we take that 
question, participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star and one. The next 
question is from the line of Mr. Keshav Garg from Counter PMS. Please go ahead, sir. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, even I had a question on the line of the previous speaker. Sir, if we see, like our competitors, 
Shree Hari Om Pipe, their volume has increased by 35%. Similarly, everyone's EBITDA per ton 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
is stable. So, sir, it is not possible that only we have incurred inventory loss. And, sir, even if we 
add the sale of INR200 crores, then too there is still marginal de-growth. 
 
So, sir, we have still underperformed as compared to the industry. So, sir, even last year, I 
remember that we had started with INR700 crores EBITDA last year, in FY ‘25, our expectation 
was there in the beginning. But, sir, our Q2 was very bad. So, due to this, we fell behind. 
And, sir, last year in last quarter you had given volume guidance of 11 lakhs tons. Sir, earlier, 
last year you first told us that 12 lakhs tons will happen this year. Then in last quarter you lowered 
it to 11 lakhs tons and now it has become 10.5 lakh tons. So, sir, I mean, this disappointment is 
happening again and again. Sir, there is a slippage in guidance. 
So, and sir, there is a lot of slowdown in the economy. GST collection is also in the negative. If 
you see, year-to-date FY ‘26, so, sir, seeing all this and the kind of capacity that is coming on 
stream, so, sir, do you think that we will be able to achieve what you are planning to achieve? 
Raju Bista: 
One thing is that some numbers we could not meet as given in the guidance - the big reason for 
that in our case is that some projects that were on our pipeline have been delayed because of 
various reasons, including in Bhuj where API mill had to come or the spiral mill was also delayed 
for about two months. And in Bahadurgarh, where we have invested INR50 crores in cold 
rolling, there was also some delay and some technical issues came up which were not in our 
hands. 
Secondly, the company you mentioned, you gave an example of one or two companies. See, 
most of the companies are of mixed type in which there is domestic trade, there is government, 
API, there is almost flat or de-growth everywhere. Government spending has not increased 
much. 
And the company’s name which you have particularly taken, as far as I know, most of them are 
in the trade segment and in that also, in the patra segment, when it is cheap, it gets sold more. 
There is no need for a brand required in that. In all that, the goods are sold just above the pricing. 
So, as such, I don’t think it is an apple-to-apple comparison. And in our case, as I said, because 
of ERP, we had a one one-time hit and in the coming time, we will try to meet that, according 
to our guidance. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, in the steel pipe segment, which companies do you consider to be your closest competitors? 
Raju Bista: 
No. There are. There is APL, there is Jindal and there is Hi-Tech. Like, there are three, four 
companies, but in all of them, there is no apple-to-apple comparison. We are in a different 
category as compared to the rest. Around 55% of our sales come from trade and our export is 
around 15% and the rest comes from the API and high-value added product category. So, as 
such, having substantial presence in all three categories,  there are hardly few companies. 
Keshav Garg: 
Right, sir. 
Raju Bista: 
You can compare us to APL Apollo. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Right, sir. Sir, in the end, there are some things that are not in our hands like steel prices, the 
demand in the economy and how much supply is coming to the industry. But, sir, you have the 
demerger in your hands and if there is progress in that, it will be good for everyone. So, sir, 
please think about it. 
Raju Bista: 
CFO is also listening. Our whole team is listening. I also believe that both the companies have 
an EBITDA of INR600 crores and other us moving towards an EBITDA of INR190 crores, 
INR200 crores. So, EBITDA of INR800 crores and cash surplus and the brand value is also 
there, 2 lakhs, 2.5 lakhs shops we have in country, I don't think there can be a better time than 
this. But, look, there will be even a better time than this. I think this delay is better for the 
shareholder. 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes, sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Raju Bista: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Neil from Equitree Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Neil: 
Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Neil: 
Sir, am I audible? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes. Yes. 
Neil: 
Many of my questions have been answered. I had a small question. Sir, in the last four years, the 
EBITDA per ton for each product category, whether it is GI pipe or API or black pipe, I can see 
a lot of variation in it. I can understand if it is seen on a blended basis, but there is a lot of 
variation in each category. From INR4,600, sometimes it is INR7,700, sometimes below that, 
INR5,500. Why is there so much variation? 
Raju Bista: 
We are a converter . We have to buy 80% to 85% raw material steel, which is not in our hands. 
That is why there is a lot of volatility. You cannot predict it much. That is why there is so much 
fluctuation. If you look at the price of HR coil, sometimes it goes up to INR70, sometimes it 
goes up to INR45, sometimes it goes up to INR50. 
 
Right now it is around INR49, INR48. So, it is majorly because of that. But if you look at our 
overall cost, the cost of production, we have maintained it to some extent, which is in our hands. 
We can control the efficiency. So, mainly because of that reason only, there is so much variation. 
Neil: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star and one on your 
touchtone telephone. The next question is from the line of Mr. Raj Mehta from Raj Mehta 
Associates. Please go ahead. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Raj Mehta: 
Sir, I wanted to know that you are saying that you are able to achieve, but is this guidance which 
you are saying – is it on a conservative basis or are you are a bit aggressive. This was my first 
question. And second, in case like in quarter 1, the government spending was less and monsoon 
came early and because of that there were some delays. 
So, if in quarter 2 and quarter 3, the government's spending does not pick up, then on what basis 
or where can our growth stop? What are the risks associated in external sectors? It will be better 
if you can guide us on that. 
Raju Bista: 
Thank you very much. It is not that I am very aggressive. I had tried to stay in the middle and  I 
have given guidance according to what we can actually see. And when we give you guidance, 
then it becomes a commitment for us. And second, as far as the roadmap that we are talking or 
about guidance that we are talking, that basically on the basis of growth in exports that will come 
and the current order book that we have in our hands. Based on that, we have given you these 
guidance numbers and I think there should not be any big problem in achieving that. And I don’t 
see fall in steel prices on immediate basis for at least next two quarters.  
Raj Mehta: 
The order book that you have received is US-based or non-US based? Because in many places, 
because of tariff uncertainty, people are not closing the orders. Otherwise, after giving the orders, 
those who have given advances are cancelling it, because everyone needs clarity. 
Raju Bista: 
There is not much clarity globally. There is more uncertainty because particularly in the 5CT 
product category, we had around 2.3% duty in CBD and on the rest it was 20%, 22%, 25%. 
Anyway, it is still with us. But apart from that, 50% steel, almost all countries have the same 
tariff from America. So even now, particularly in that product category, we have lower CBD, 
we still see the gains to remain. But section 232 or whatever, where the tariff is 50%, because of 
that there is lot more uncertainty. 
 
So we don’t expect aggressive order inquiry getting generated from Europe or other countries. 
Although Middle East looks ok. So we didn’t have too much exposure to USA, but last year we 
got a lot of relief in one product, because of that, we had hopes that we would do well in USA. 
I do not see that happening immediately. However, in Q1, we had volumes sales of 2,000 tons 
to USA, but after that all this crisis started. 
 
Now  inquiries is also not there. So this is it, but India is not an export-based country. That is 
fine, we have a trade deficit of around 3 lakh crores with USA. Our domestic consumption is 
very strong.  Our country is not export-based. And in the long term, I don’t think India will be 
badly affected by this. 
 
Immediately, yes, some issues can come, because in pharmaceuticals too there is talk of 75% 
additional by Mr. Trump. So let’s see how long it goes. Hopefully, some developments are also 
happening. Mr. Trump is meeting Russia too. Russian delegation is coming to India too. Our 
Prime Minister is also going. Trade dialogue is still on. So this is a situation of wait and watch. 
Raj Mehta: 
So sir, don't you think that quarter 1 growth in export, was predominantly to build up the 
inventory, because chances of tariff coming were high and thus it couldn’t be a sustainable 
demand? 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Raju Bista: 
There is no issue of tariff in that. In fact, there is no such thing in the Middle East. There is good 
growth in the Middle East and Europe and Australia, Most of the exports have happened with 
non-US countries and the growth is from there only.  
Raj Mehta: 
Sir, I had asked you regarding domestic market. The spending by Government has slowed down 
since last 3-4 quarters. Government spending is not increasing aggressively. In this quarter too, 
we didn’t get the kick in growth due to low Government spending. We are also increasing our 
capacities. In case we are not able to optimally utilize our capacity, then we will not be able to 
break even. So, are you not able to see any domestic related risks in future? 
Raju Bista: 
Okay. No, there is no particular risk. But we have some API orders in the pipeline and in the 
tender stage. And there is demand in the water pipe segment, where we are also selling spiral 
and small-size pipes. In India, it is true that there has been a delay in spending or the 
disbursement of orders. But I don't think it will have much of an impact. Because looking at our 
current order book, I think we will meet out our targets. 
Raj Mehta 
Sir, have you ever experienced that when you get such an order book, the chances of it being 
cancelled, how much percentage of the order book do you think can get cancelled? 
Raju Bista: 
I became an MD in 2012. How many years has it been? It's been 13 years. To date, no order has 
been cancelled in my knowledge. And as far as exports are concerned, API tenders etc. there are 
so many large companies and PSUs involved. We also honor the order and they too do the same. 
So, I don't think there will be a situation where the tender will be cancelled. At least in our case, 
there is no such situation. 
Raj Mehta:  
Sir, I have one last question. Your competitor, APL Apollo, had a good volume growth in this 
quarter. And they have also expanded their capacity in Dubai. So, if we are also supplying in the 
Middle East, can APL Apollo slowly capture our market share in exports, by selling at a lower 
price? Or you don't see much impact of it yet. Are we seeing any slowdown in the growth that 
we had expected from the Middle East?. 
Raju Bista: 
Firstly, we don't have much interest in the local market of the Middle East. Because we have to 
pay a clean credit for 6 months. Secondly, we have an export-based unit in Gujarat. The cost 
involved in manufacturing anywhere in UAE and send it to Dubai is not worthy. So, it won't 
have any impact – whether we are present or not 
And even today, whatever all the Indian companies export in the ERW segment combined, Surya 
Roshni does more than that. Because we have such a vast experience, strong relationship, and 
we have maintained that quality till date. And purely in many countries, Surya Roshni is the 
dominating player. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, can you implement some learnings from your competitors in your company? 
Seeing the pace they have grown in the last 4 years, and their learning of the industry, do you 
feel that we should implement those things and build our growth aggressively? 
Raju Bista: 
I completely agree with you. And every company has its own USPs. But a few things definitely 
apply in our case as well. For example, our unit is present in the North, in Gujarat, and in 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Bangalore where we just established a unit. Apart from that, we don't have a presence in the 
whole East, Central India, or Western Bombay, Maharashtra, where we don’t have presence and 
where we are trying to set up. 
 
And apart from that, even if we can HR coil in a small capacity, then it will be very beneficial 
and fruitful for us. So we are exploring that as well. But nothing has been discussed in the board 
yet. We are working on it at our level. And the person who learns, moves forward. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay, sir. All the best. And I hope that you stick to the guidance you have given, and the market 
appreciates it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. B. B. Singal for closing comments. 
B. B. Singal: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today on this year's earning call. We appreciate your interest 
in Surya Roshni Limited. I sincerely once again thank our MD sir and the CEOs for sparing their 
valuable time in addressing queries raised by participants who attended the call. For any further 
queries, if any, contact SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. Thank you. Good evening once 
again. 
Management: 
Thank you, Jay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
