                                                               
 
Century Enka Ltd. 
Factory & Regd. Oﬀice: Plot No. 72 & 72-A, M.I.D.C., Bhosari, Pune - 411026. 
T: +91 20 66127 304 | F: +91 20 2712 0113 
E: cel.investor@adityabirla.com | W: www.centuryenka.com  
Corporate ID No. (CIN): L24304PN1965PLC139075 
 
              
   7th August, 2025 
 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051  
 
Symbol: CENTENKA 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 500280  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1-FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Century Enka Limited ('the 
Company') 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations') 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find attached herewith the transcript of 
Q1-FY26 Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 4th August,2025. The same is also available 
on the website of the Company i.e., www.centuryenka.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Century Enka Limited 
 
 
 
Rahul Dubey 
VP Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No: FCS 8145      
 
 
Encl: as above 
                      
          
                                                                                     
RAHUL DUBEY
Digitally signed by RAHUL 
DUBEY 
Date: 2025.08.07 15:18:37 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“Century Enka Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH SODANI -- MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CENTURY ENKA LIMITED 
 
MR. YOGESH SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CENTURY ENKA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. DEEPALI KUMARI – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Century Enka Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepali Kumari. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Thank you. Hello, and good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited, I thank you all for joining the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Century Enka 
Limited. Today from the management, we have with us Mr. Suresh Sodani, Managing 
Director; and Mr. Yogesh Shah, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
So without any further delay, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Hello everyone, and welcome to our earnings conference call for the first quarter of financial 
year ending 2026. I would like to thank our host, Arihant Capital Markets Limited for hosting 
this call. Now let me first brief you on the operational highlights for the first quarter of FY '26. 
During the quarter, revenue declined compared to the corresponding period of the previous 
financial year. 
 
In Tyre Cord fabric segment, volumes were impacted due to lower demand from the tyre 
industry and higher imports from China. There was a slowdown in automobile industry, 
particularly in the 2-wheeler and the commercial vehicle segments due to subdued demand. 
However, we expect NTCF demand to improve in Q2 following inventory adjustments by tyre 
manufacturers. 
 
Second half could witness better demand supported by the festive season and positive impact 
of favorable monsoon on farm income. Continuing geopolitical and trade tensions, along with 
tariff-related uncertainties remain a key risk across the value chain. For PTCF, approval 
process is currently underway. 
 
In the Filament Yarn segment, sales were impacted by a fire at our Bharuch plant in February 
2025. The plant resumed full operations from June '25. Prices remained under pressure due to 
increased imports from China at lower prices. Our focus continues to be on value-added 
products to improve margins. 
 
On the raw material side, caprolactam prices continue to decline to record low levels, resulting 
in margin pressure. However, use of renewable energy at Bharuch plant helped in controlling 
power costs. We remain focused on improving efficiency of old equipment to stay competitive. 
 
I will now request our CFO, Mr. Yogesh Shah, to brief you on financial performance. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Yogesh Shah: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me now brief you on the financial results for the 
first quarter of the financial year 2026. The operating revenue stood at INR402 crores, which 
declined by almost 24% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR20 crores, which 
declined by 52% year-on-year. EBITDA margin were reported at 4.96%. Profit after tax was 
around INR15 crores, representing a decrease of almost 37% year-on-year. PAT margin stood 
at 3.84% for the quarter. 
 
Total volume for quarter 1 FY '26 declined by 17% year-on-year to 17,072 metric tons. Tyre 
Cord Fabrics revenue for quarter 1 FY '26 decreased by around 35% year-on-year to almost 
INR181 crores. Filament Yarn revenue for the same period also decreased by around 15% 
year-on-year to almost INR193 crores. 
 
With this, we open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Param Vora from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Param Vora: 
I wanted to ask was regarding the geopolitical and trade tensions. So how are these factors 
affecting the company's operations? Like is it the raw material sourcing? Or is it the export 
market? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So our raw material sourcing is not anywhere linked to US markets. However, we have very 
little direct exposure of exports to US of our products. However, since our products are used 
by tyre companies as well as finally by the garments, which gets exported to US and other 
countries. 
 
We could have an impact if these end products are impacted due to the tariff or other kinds of 
levies due to particularly the differential levies between India and other countries. So we still 
keep a watch on what actually comes out. And that is the indirect impact that could be having 
of the geopolitical situation on our operations. 
Param Vora: 
And my next question was that you mentioned the volumes of reinforcement Yarn was 
impacted by higher imports from China. So what specific actions are company taking to 
mitigate the competitive pressure from imports? And are you engaging with any government 
bodies for any policy interventions? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. Through our association, we have raised this issue of our imports from China and also 
from the free trade agreement countries where the duty protection is not available. And we 
have raised this issue in terms of asking one is for either initiating immediately the QCO 
process so that, first of all, substandard material does not come. And second, only valid and 
approved sources of producers in the other countries are allowed to send material to India. 
 
Second, like the government has put a minimum import price on certain finished products. So 
since our fabric is a finished product and goes directly in consumption for tyre manufacturing, 
we have asked in principle, whether they can consider a minimum import price to be put on the 
Tyre Cord Fabrics. So these two actions are underway, and we have started discussions with 
the government authorities through our associations. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Gunit Singh: 
Our margins, EBITDA margins have fallen from about 13% in FY '21, '22 to about 5% 
currently. So I would like to understand what would be the contribution of inventory losses, I 
mean, to these margins? And do we have any correlation with the price of crude oil on our 
margins? 
 
So I mean, price of crude oil have gone down and our input caprolactam prices have also 
fallen. So I mean, out of the 500 basis points, what would be the contribution of inventory 
losses? And under what conditions can we get back to 10% EBITDA margins according to 
you? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Okay. Thank you for your question. One is a comparison with '21, '22 is not necessarily the 
right comparison because '21, '22 was a post-COVID area where the demand for most of the 
products had shot up and worldwide as well as in India. So the more likely margins that we 
commit or we target normally is between 6% to 8%. 
 
Yes, our margins are lower than the target between 6% to 8% for this quarter and also for the 
previous quarter. As regards to the impact of falling prices, yes, this do impact our margins 
because the materials, the stock in hand right from raw material up to finished goods, the 
prices get corrected when there is a change in the underlying raw material prices. 
 
We are seeing now hopefully that the raw material prices are close to their bottom. These are 
record low levels with almost a fall of $400 from April '24 to June '25. And we are hopeful that 
these prices should stabilize or improve from these levels. There is a good correlation with the 
crude oil prices because the underlying raw material -- I mean, the feedstock for our raw 
materials are crude-based. 
 
However, it is not a very direct correlation. So sometimes it takes a few quarters or sometimes 
a few months before the correlation starts showing its results. But one more important point is 
the significant overcapacity that has been created across the value chain, right from raw 
materials up to the finished products, which has also impacted the margins, and it is not only in 
India. These margins have even squeezed in the Chinese domestic market as well. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. Got it. So going forward, can we expect a INR550 crores kind of a revenue run 
rate quarterly considering that the fire incident is behind us? Is that a fair assumption? And 
also the new capacity that we're coming up within Q4, what is the rationale for, I mean, 
increasing capacity when there's already oversupply and margins are under pressure. So do you 
see any uptick for that? Or I mean, what was the rationale for investing in that? And what kind 
of peak revenues can we expect from the new capacity that will come in, in Q4? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Okay. So we do not give any forward-looking data in terms of values of turnover or the bottom 
line, but volumes will definitely should go up from quarter 1 because we have restarted our 
plant, which was impacted by a fire at Bharuch. So those volumes, assuming that the demand 
does not weaken should help in overall sales volume increase. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
Second, the top line has a direct correlation with the raw material prices because normally, the 
prices of finished goods adjust to the raw material prices. And as I said, the base raw material 
prices are at record low levels. So what kind of top line will come -- is directly linked to what 
kind of raw material prices or even the crude prices would prevail in next few quarters. 
 
As far as the capacity expansion is concerned, our capacity expansion and which is still not 
commissioned is related to polyester tyre cord. And the purpose of getting into that segment is 
that we didn't have presence in the polyester tyre cord, which is used in passenger car tyres. 
And nylon tye cord is reaching to kind of a flat trajectory or very slow growth, whereas 
polyester tyre cord in line with demand for passenger cars is likely to grow faster than any 
other reinforcement, and that is the reason that we got into that. 
 
And this hopefully should help us gain some more volumes than in segments that we are not 
currently present in. As far as NTCF is concerned, the expansion was mainly related to the 
some of the old capacities that we thought is not able to compete with on quality terms with 
the latest machine. So mainly it was there, and there was some balancing capacity increase 
based on the demand in '22,'23. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. So looking at the current pricing scenario, I mean, realistically, what kind of 
revenues can come from the new capex? And also, is it a fair assumption that the current 
EBITDA margins have bottomed out and they cannot go further below what we are 
experiencing right now? And also, can you comment on the current demand scenario? Does it 
look better than FY '25? And what would be the drivers of increase in our margins for the 
coming, say, quarters or FY '26? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Okay. Too many questions together. So I'll answer one by one. And in case something is left 
out, you can please repeat your question. One, with respect to the top line that we expect from 
and that's based on a normal assumption pricing of the raw materials. From our new capacity, 
it could be between -- at the full capacity between INR100 crores to INR120 crores. 
 
And as regards the triggers for margin improvement, it is difficult to say whether this is bottom 
or the best margins because the world is in a very volatile situation. And as I said in an earlier 
response, we do not have direct exposure to US exports. But if, for example, the tyre exports 
were to get impacted or the garment exports were to get impacted, then our businesses will 
also get impacted, especially on the volume term. 
 
So that is the reason, particularly in current scenario, at least for a quarter or two we have to 
watch how does the tariff issues and the geopolitical challenges play out for the domestic 
producers and its impact on domestic production going to export market. As regards -- I guess 
your one of the questions was on -- can you repeat? I don't know which one. As I said, there 
are too many questions together.  
Gunit Singh: 
I mean, so I would just like to understand is the current demand scenario or the pricing 
scenario for our finished goods better than FY '25? Or can you just comment on the scenario 
and the outlook for FY '26? And also, I would like to understand there has been an inventory 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
buildup. Our inventory levels have reached around INR315 crores. So what is the reason for 
that? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Okay. So from demand side, we do expect some improvement in demand. I mean, difficult to 
comment for the balance 3 quarters in this scenario to say that on an overall basis, whether it 
will be better or worse than FY '25. But demand is expected to be better, as mentioned in our 
presentation on two factors. One is the festive season normally leads to more demand, 
particularly from farm and the 2-wheeler segments. 
 
And secondly, since the monsoon has been good and the spread has been good, the farm 
income has been a good driver for demand for the value chain related to automobiles. So right 
from basic automobiles to all tyres, everything. So hopefully, this should be one reason to look 
for a better volumes in the coming quarters. But as I said, in a volatile scenario, if this is not 
supported by the export market because of the tariff, then it could lead to an overall demand 
reduction. As far as the second question was related to. 
Gunit Singh: 
Inventory buildup. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Inventory, yes. So inventory buildup was temporary. So what happens is since most of the raw 
materials are imported. And suddenly, if the tyre companies take an inventory correction, we 
have to adjust our production. So the inventory buildup happens both at raw material and FG 
state. But we are seeing an inventory reduction and hopefully, by end of Q2, we should reach 
to closer to normal inventory levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Patel, an Individual Investor. 
Parth Patel: 
Sir, the first question is that the increase in the capital work in progress suggests that the 
ongoing capacity expansion or modernization. Can you provide details on these projects, the 
time lines and expected contribution to top line or operational efficiency? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Are you talking at the end of FY '25 or what period CWIP? 
Parth Patel: 
Yes '25. 
Suresh Sodani: 
So most of our projects, we have a very small CWIP at the end of FY '25. So we have already 
capitalized most of the value by March '25 already. What now remains is mostly cost reduction 
and balancing equipment mainly related to energy conservation and some replacement capex. 
Otherwise, the large projects were most of them were completed by March '25. 
 
As I said, the combined impact is all our capex at the time of approval have to cross a 
minimum hurdle rate of at least 10% to 12% or more in return on capital employed or even 
better in terms of if it is not related to any current operations. So this is the kind of in a 
normalized scenario that should be the normal benefits that we should accrue from any capital 
projects taken except for replacement capex. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Parth Patel: 
Okay, sir. And also, sir, like with a net surplus cash of over like INR3.25 billion and 
improving cash generation, what is the capital allocation framework for FY '26? Should 
investors expect higher payout ratios or strategic investments? 
Suresh Sodani: 
The focus is on getting more strategic investments and grow this company. But anyway, the 
payout is more call to be taken out by the Board, and we can only recommend but the final -- 
and it has already been for the year being given out in terms of the dividend. So we can't 
comment on what the future would be. But yes, as the management, we continue to look for 
opportunities to grow this company and deliver superior returns on the capital employed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khushi, an Individual Investor. 
Khushi: 
What is the pricing strategy in the current caprolactam -- especially considering that prices 
have fallen multiyear low? Do you have a pass-through mechanism in place with key 
customers? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. In case of Tyre Cord Fabrics, there is a pass-through mechanism for the raw material 
prices. And that has been continuing for many years in the past and continues in the current 
year as well. As far as the Filament Yarn is concerned, ultimately, there is a pass-through, but 
it may not be in terms of time lines or in terms of quantum because it is also a function of the 
demand supply and the imports coming in from China. 
 
So that is one area which always remains as an area which is not completely in a pass-through 
mechanism. It could be sometimes a gainful scenario. It could sometimes be less than the full 
pass-through also. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Parth Patel, an Individual Investor. 
Parth Patel: 
One final question. Post resumption of operations at Bharuch plant in June, what is the current 
run rate of Filament Yarn production? And how long before you expect full stabilization of 
volumes and margins? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So we have fully commissioned the impacted plant by June end. And technically, the full 
capacity is available. But based on the demand supply and stock positions, we do adjust our 
production. So it is operating at 90-plus, 95-plus capacities. Impacted plant is already working 
at that level. And with better demand scenario particularly from the coming festive season, we 
expect it to run at full capacity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khushi, an Individual Investor. 
Khushi: 
Has there been any tangible recovery in demand from OEMs or the replacement market in Q2 
so far, particularly in the 2-Wheeler and Commercial vehicle segment? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We get the impact on OEMs only through what kind of order position comes from the tyre 
company. So difficult to comment. I mean, we are just in the first month of Q2. But as I said, 
we are hopeful of improvement because tyre companies have taken inventory corrections in 
the Q1 and hence, the volume requirement from the domestic suppliers was reduced. 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Hopefully, that correction has been done and the Q2 numbers, at least demand coming from 
tyre companies should improve under the overall text that the export market will not get 
impacted. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Gunit Singh: 
So I would just like to understand the demand and supply scenario in India currently. So total 
supply and the total demand and also how different our prices from the imports from China? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So NTCF demand fluctuates between 125 to 135 kt, sometimes even slightly plus/minus 5 kt 
on an annualized basis, but could vary significantly on a quarter-to-quarter basis, mainly 
because of changes in the replacement demand position. NTCF is not falling significantly, but 
also not growing. So more or less flat. We do expect a small increase driven by the Farm 
segment and the 2, 3-Wheeler segment. But that should be the range in which it should be 
there. 
 
The PTCF demand is about 30 to 35 kt. Again, this is annualized demand. And that is expected 
to grow by 6% to 8% on the premise that the car industry and the 4-wheeler industry, 
particularly is doing well and should continue to do well, though the last few quarters have 
been not that great. But looking at the overall penetration ratio being so low, it should grow in 
future at this rate. That's the projection that we get from the industry. 
 
And in terms of NFY, the demand, I mean, there's no clear numbers because of the wide 
variety of NFY that is there, but it is anything between 160 kt to 180 Kt, but it is also growing 
at about 6% to 8% based on changes in the end-use segments of NFY mainly from the fashion 
side. 
Gunit Singh: 
And sir, what is the domestic capacity for each of these? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So NTCF is almost matching this capacity. And about 20% comes for imports, which is mainly 
for the export of tyres, so it comes under advanced license. So to that extent, the domestic 
capacity remains underutilized. PTCF is about 20% or 25% of the total demand, including the 
new capacities which have come up, including our, I mean, which is not necessarily a 
commercial capacity since it's an approval is going on. 
 
And in NFY, the capacity is over 200 kt. And that is the normal growth. I mean, utilization 
ranging from between 765 to about 85 depending on the season and depending on the demand 
supply or import from China. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And sir, what is the differential pricing as compared to Chinese imports? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So on -- with the duty paid, it is almost matching. There could be a few -- because the pricing 
is also an annualized pricing formula based. So on quarter-on-quarter, it could be different. But 
normally, the pricing is closer to or similar to the duty paid pricing coming from China. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. So sir, given that there is an oversupply scenario in the domestic market, do we have 
any competitors or players shutting down their plants or moving out of the business? And I 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
mean, given the current scenario, what would be the drivers of growth for our company for the 
coming 2 to 3 years? Would we try to get into other businesses? Or I mean, where do you see 
the company in the coming 2 to 3 years? 
Suresh Sodani: 
So for us, particularly in NFY, we would be looking at only increasing our value-added 
products the way we have done for the last few years. And that is something which has held us 
against a very high price intensity competition from China because that's where we have been 
able to differentiate our products in the market compared to more bulk products coming from 
China. 
 
In PTCF, as I've already explained, we are looking at growth. In NTCF, the focus is on 
improving our efficiencies while the pricing would remain more challenging, but what is the 
improvement that we can do, and we have taken a lot of steps to improve our efficiency, our 
consumption ratios also by replacing some of the inefficient equipment and that would 
continue. 
 
In future, the growth would one come from our PTCF expansion, but also we'll explore other 
avenues the way we have diversified into PTCF, into other kinds of technical textiles, which 
are under evaluation. And once we have clarity and we are ready to announce through normal 
mechanisms of informing through the Board approval and post informing to the stock 
exchanges, it will also be known to all of you. 
Gunit Singh: 
So sir, what should be the EBITDA margin range for PTCF? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Similar. I mean when we say it's similar for the company, between 6% to 8%. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. Are we seeing any pressure in the industry, any plant shutdowns by competitors? 
Suresh Sodani: 
In NFY, yes, there have been some -- I mean, not in the immediate past, but last year and 
previous year, some of the inefficient players and some players who are possibly more 
indebted had to shut down. But there is also growth. A lot of people are making some new 
investments as well. And we have also made investments, particularly for the value-added 
products. And that trend, I think, will go on in future as well. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. Got it. So if we look at the past 15, 20 years, can we say that we are currently at the 
bottom of the business cycle? And I mean, things should turn maybe only in the positive side 
because we are already at the bottom. Is that a fair assumption given your experience? 
Suresh Sodani: 
If there were no geopolitical and other challenges, I would have possibly given you a positive 
or a response, but very difficult to say in this scenario because there are so many uncertainties 
-- it's not only for India, it is also for China, for Southeast Asia. So too difficult to say what 
kind of cycle we are in. But what we are trying to do is work on what is in our control and 
remain competitive and to deliver sustainable growth and profits. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And do we face any risk when it comes to sourcing raw materials? Where do we 
source majority of our raw materials from? 

 
 
Century Enka Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Suresh Sodani: 
We source from multiple countries, and we don't see any significant risk because like other 
products, raw material is also available abundantly. So we don't see any risk. And we continue 
to source from our two sources in India as well. And we interact with them regularly and they 
would continue to operate. There is no chance of these suppliers getting or closing down. So 
we don't see any significant risk in the raw material availability or the pricing side. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Yogesh Shah: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining our earnings call. I hope we were able to give the answer to 
your queries, and I hope those were to your satisfaction. If you have any further questions or 
would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our Investor Relations 
Manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
