 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
RKL/SX/2025-26/43                                                                                          August 7, 2025  
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref:      Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2025-26/36 dated July 24, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on August 1, 2025 for the Quarter 
ended June 30, 2025 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
http://www.radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary 
 
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2025.08.07 
10:05:44 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
First Quarter FY2026  
Earnings Conference call 
August 1, 2025 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Radico Khaitan 
Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by DAM Capital 
Advisor Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital Advisor 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. We would like to thank Radico 
Khaitan Management Team for providing DAM Capital with the 
opportunity to host Q1 FY26 Earnings Call.  
 
We have with us the Senior Leadership Team from Radico Khaitan, Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha – Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sanjeev Banga – President, International Business. 
 
I hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q1 FY26 Results Conference Call. 
Before we begin discussions on Q1 FY26 results, I would like to provide 
a brief update on the UK-India FTA. The negotiations between the two 
governments have been finalized and a Comprehensive Economic and 
Trade Agreement has been signed. In line with expectations, duty on 
bulk scotch has been reduced from 150% to 75%. We have estimated 
our Scotch requirements valued at over Rs. 250 crores in FY26 and we 
expect significant cost advantages from this development. Thereafter, 
the duty will be reduced in nine equal installments to settle at 40% in 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
the 10th year. In three years, we expect the import of scotch of Radico 
to cross Rs. 400 crores.  
Moving on to the Quarter Performance. The first quarter of FY26 has 
set a strong and encouraging tone for the year ahead. Building on the 
momentum from the second half of last year, we have seen sustained 
strength in our performance. Our strategic focus on brand 
premiumization continues to resonate with consumers across 
markets. In Q1, we delivered our highest-ever quarterly volumes, net 
sales and profitability. IMFL volumes grew by an impressive 37.5%, led 
by strong demand for our premium portfolio. A stable raw material 
environment and a favorable product mix supported healthy year-on-
year margin expansion.  
We entered FY26 with important brand milestones that further 
strengthen our premium portfolio. One of the key highlights was the 
launch of Morpheus Super Premium Whisky, which marks our foray 
into the fast-growing super premium whisky segment. This is a high-
margin category where we were not present. With this launch, we are 
not only leveraging the equity of the Morpheus brand but also 
broadening our presence in the upper end of the whisky category. 
Initial response has been very positive, with growing tertiary offtake 
and strong consumer feedback on both the product and its packaging. 
We are planning to launch in 10 states in the second half, which covers 
70% of this industry.  
Another notable launch is The Spirit of Kashmyr, a luxury vodka that 
builds on our leadership in the vodka space. It addresses a clear gap 
in the market by introducing a premium Indian offering in a segment 
traditionally dominated by imported brands. Distilled with exceptional 
purity and backed by a compelling brand story, The Spirit of Kashmyr 
aspires to scale globally and position India on the world luxury vodka 
map. This launch reflects our continued ambition to build world-class 
homegrown brands with international appeal. 
Our broader premium portfolio continues to deliver strong results. 
Royal Ranthambore, operating in the Bottled in India Scotch category, 
has delivered an exceptional 90% growth this quarter. The brand 
continues to gain strong consumer acceptance, with discerning whisky 
enthusiasts increasingly choosing it for its craftsmanship, rich blend 
profile, and premium packaging. 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Magic Moments, our flagship vodka brand which crossed 7 million 
cases last year, posted another solid quarter with 20% volume growth.  
After Dark Whisky entered a dynamic new phase in 2022 with the 
introduction of After Dark Blue, designed to resonate with a younger, 
contemporary audience. Since then, the brand has maintained its 
strong upward trajectory. This brand sold 1.9 million cases last year 
and is on track to double that volume in this fiscal.  
Our luxury and semi-luxury brands delivered nearly 50% year-on-year 
value growth during the quarter. We are on track to achieve our 
guidance of Rs. 500 crores revenue from luxury and semi-luxury 
brands in FY26.  
These results are a testament to the strength of our strategy and the 
disciplined execution by our team. We remain sharply focused on 
driving 
profitable, 
sustainable 
growth 
through 
continued 
premiumization, 
deeper 
market 
penetration, 
innovation-led 
approach, and operational efficiency.  
The Indian AlcoBev industry is undergoing a structural shift from 
traditional consumption patterns to a more lifestyle-driven category. 
With rising affluence, evolving preference, and increasing demand for 
elevated experiences, we see substantial long-term opportunity in the 
premium and luxury segments. At Radico Khaitan, we are well-
positioned to capitalize on this transformation.  
Given the strong growth momentum, we are poised to deliver 20% 
plus overall volume growth in FY26 with robust contribution from the 
prestige and above category. This coupled with enhanced profitability 
and a persistent focus on cash flow generation will drive long-term 
value creation for our shareholders.  
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a 
detailed operational and financial review. Thank you everyone and 
over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call 
today. 
During Q1 FY26, we reported total IMFL volume of 9.72 million cases, 
representing a growth of 38% on year-on-year basis. This is the highest 
ever volume recorded by Radico Khaitan in a quarter. Prestige and 
above category volume grew by 41%. In value-terms, the prestige and 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
above category registered 43% growth. Non-IMFL revenue grew by 
12% on year-on-year basis.  
Regular category volumes which were impacted due to certain state-
specific industry-related issues and ongoing strategic rationalization of 
the portfolio have now returned to a sharp growth trajectory from Q3 
of last year. This momentum is expected to sustain in next quarters 
also.  
We continue to see strong traction for our brand portfolio in Andhra 
Pradesh and have gained market share from 10% in the first half of 
FY25 to over 28% in Q1 of current financial year, which is highest in the 
industry.  
Gross margin during the quarter was 43% as compared to 41% in Q1 
of last year and 43.5% in Q4 of last year. Gross margin improved on 
year-on-year basis due to the ongoing premiumization in the IMFL 
business, coupled with relatively stable raw material scenario. Gross 
margin remained broadly stable on quarter-on-quarter basis due to 
higher bulk alcohol sale in this quarter.  
EBITDA margin expanded from 13.0% in Q1 LY to 15.3% of this quarter. 
Despite higher marketing spend, we have seen economies of scale 
benefits. We are optimistic that the pricing scenario for ENA and grain 
will remain stable going forward during FY26. We are on track to 
achieve our margin expansion guidance.  
Net debt reduced by Rs. 164 crores since March ‘25, mainly on account 
of profitability and working capital reduction. With limited Capex going 
forward, we expect to be almost debt-free by FY27.  
Going forward, our focus will remain on driving profitable growth, 
enhancing cash flow generation, and improving working capital 
efficiency, all of which will contribute to continued debt reduction.  
With this, we will now open the lines for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question comes from the line of Aditya 
Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, two questions from 
me. Firstly, in terms of the marketing spend, you indicated that 
marketing spend has gone up, which is to be expected when you are 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
launching premium brands. But can you give us a sense of where these 
marketing spends are being spent in terms of obviously in-store 
marketing, any social media activity, or anything of that sort?  
 
And then secondly, could you elaborate if there's any sort of stocking 
up before the Maharashtra duty change or anything of that sort in this 
quarter's numbers? And just a broader question on that, if you can 
quantify the impact or potential impact from Maharashtra on your 
numbers. Thanks. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, as far as the marketing spend goes, we have always maintained 
that our marketing spend is in the range of about 7% to 8% of our IMFL 
revenue. And that we have seen in the last couple of years also, so I 
think we will be maintaining that. And as the marketing spend goes, 
our main focus on marketing is more on digital space. Second is on the 
shop visibility, on trade, and also, on events. So, basically, these are 
our basic marketing spend where we concentrate in terms of priority. 
So, digital, on trade, events, these are our marketing spends.  
 
The second question about Maharashtra, the state contributes only 
4% to 5% of our volumes. And there has been no stocking in this 
quarter, as far as our volume growth goes, so there is no effect on the 
stocking part. With this, we do not expect much of effect on our 
profitability going forward. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand, very clear. And if I may just follow up on the marketing 
spends. So, is there any sort of shift in marketing now that you are, as 
you mentioned, as you are focusing more on digital, is that a marked 
shift? And is that a big competitive advantage for you on shifting or 
using more digital platforms? Or do you see all the other marketers 
use that as well? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, it all depends. See, marketing is all relative. Sometimes if you want 
to market, you market in IPL, etc. So, in Radico, like last seven years we 
have outperformed the industry. Like right now we have done a huge 
promotion across eight airports where we have taken positions for our 
luxury brands, where for months we have taken like dedicated spaces 
showcasing India's luxury brands, like especially going on Bombay, 
Delhi right now. So, I think every company follows a different 
marketing strategy. But our thing is, we think global, act local. So, our 
lot of marketing spend goes state specific, because each culture, each 
state in India is different. South India is different, North is different. So, 
we go as per the regions. 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. Very clear. I will come back in the queue for more 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhiraj Mistry 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
First of all, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is regarding volume growth, that we have seen very 40% plus 
volume growth. If we adjust for let's say reopening of Andhra Pradesh 
or let's say North of India, what would be a normalized volume growth 
during the quarter? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, if we adjust apple-to-apple Andhra Pradesh, then the volume 
growth in P&A category is higher. And overall volume growth is around 
12%. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And I think this low base would continue till December quarter, 
if I am not mistaken, right? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes, this base effect will be Q2 and Q3 partly. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Partly Q3 also? Sir, thank you very much. And second question is in 
terms of margin that, now that non-IMFL business has been doing very 
well, what kind of margin we are witnessing in non-IMFL business right 
now? And is there any further scope of improvement of margin in that 
business? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. So, the point is, in the quarter the non-IMFL business as a total 
kitty is around 7.5% to 8%. And IMFL margins are upward of 18%. 
Going forward, with the grain and other commodities showing some 
softening trend, we expect improvement in non-IMFL margins as well. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
If you see, last year our margins were 13.8%, for the quarter and now, 
it is 15.3%. So, I think for the next three years, we expect, unless 
something very drastically happens on the commodity side, a margin 
expansion of 125 to 150 basis points year-on-year for the next three 
years. So, we come to the late teens. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. So, sir, your earlier guidance was somewhere around 100 basis 
points of margin expansion, now you are increasing that to 125 to 150 
basis points. Is that correct? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, that is correct. Because our premium brands are doing 
exceptionally well. Plus, you have seen with the volume growth and 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
with everything, the operating leverage comes into play because you 
do not need to increase so much of manpower, other fixed costs. And 
we are seeing superb traction. And what is happening, like even if you 
see, we control 60% of the vodka market in the country. And globally, 
vodka is 28%. Whereas in India, it will be only about 3.5% to 4%. So, we 
are seeing a gradual shift happening to vodka, where Radico is in the 
biggest advantage space. And vodka always gives you a higher margin 
than any other product. So, I think if God willing everything goes well, 
and we do not experience any major [raw material] shortages which 
happened last to last year, we feel that 125 to 150 basis points is 
possible. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And last question is on Morpheus volume that we have 
launched. So, as per my thinking is that this category is very profitable 
in a way. Also, in a way it can drive very good volume growth. So, what's 
the internal aspiration for this Morpheus whisky? What kind of volume 
growth do you envisage in next two to three years period of time? 
Which would be the key focus states for that brand? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, first of all, I must tell you that the segment itself, as of today this is 
a 17 million cases plus segment. The growth rate is approximately 15%, 
a strong double digit growth rate of this segment. All the key states, 
like say, for example, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Haryana, 
Delhi, these are all big states, UP. These are all very big states for the 
segment.  
Having said this, like we said, we have launched it technically in the 
super premium whisky segment, but here we were always 
unrepresented. This was the only [whisky] segment we were 
unrepresented. And this is the first launch in this segment that we have 
done starting from UP. The response that we have seen in terms of 
primary sales, the response that we have seen at the tertiary level, 
whichever outlet we have gone to say about 1,000-plus outlets, every 
shop has shown strong tertiary demand by the consumer. So, the first 
feedback is extremely positive. And we are very optimistic that we will 
see the same response across India.  
Now, having said this, we must also reiterate that this has been 
launched as the most expensive super premium whisky in terms of 
price positioning or consumer price. It is Rs. 150 more than the most 
expensive competitive brand in this segment. With this launch, Radico 
has made a foray into the largest contribution pool of the IMFL 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
segment. The blend is unique. It's a mix of imported scotch malts, the 
finest Indian grain spirits and is aged in bourbon barrels. We hope that 
this is a complete winner in the segment. And we are very optimistic 
that we will carve out a dominant position in the next couple of years 
for this brand. 
You would also know that Royal Ranthambore launched three years 
back at a price higher than the largest selling scotch whisky. Today, it 
is growing at a rate between 90% to 100% year-after-year. And it's 
become a brand that is being demanded by the consumer in practically 
every corner of this country. Demand is flowing in from overseas as 
well.  
So, Ranthambore is a sure shot winner that we see. Morpheus Whisky 
is something that shows great traction. And Abhishek talked about The 
Spirit of Kashmyr, I think that's a brand to look out for in the luxury 
vodka segment, which was long dominated by international brands. 
This is a matter of pride for India to launch a product in this segment. 
And we have ambitions to take this brand global. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Very well said. Sir, just last question on this part, that we do not have 
any capacity constraint in the luxury segment, we have enough 
capacity to cater the demand. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, as far as the single malt goes, we have spent a lot of money, we 
have tripled our capacity a few years ago. I think as the liquid flows, we 
would be able to cater to the demand. And if the demand is more we 
will keep investing in single malt space. As far as the other brand goes, 
we do not have any capacity constraint because we have done our 
Capex of Sitapur, which is the largest plant of Asia. So, I think capacity 
would not be a constraint for us. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Once again, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one 
thing, what would be the due from Telangana market? And that would 
be my last question. Thank you. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, let me tell you, in Telangana our overdue is roughly Rs. 90 crores 
and we are the lowest in the industry. There has been slow progress. 
But the good thing about Telangana is that whatever supplies we are 
making now in the recent times, we are getting our money on time. 
And I am sure that Telangana government will very soon clear the 
balance as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good evening. So, my first question is on After Dark. I remember this 
being a fairly old brand in your portfolio now, while you had launched 
this along with another brand called Regal Talons and you were kind 
of doing the regional play here. But in the last two to three years, this 
brand seems to have really exploded in terms of growth. Could you 
just take us through as to what have been the variables to have driven 
this significant growth in this brand over the last, say, two and a half 
years? That'd be very helpful. That's my first question. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, good question. We were expecting this to come. See, in fact, After 
Dark was a sleeping giant in our stable. And a couple of years back we 
were always eyeing the semi-luxury, luxury segments, the premium 
segments. So, we were working very hard on those segments because 
we wanted to earn profit for our shareholders. But what we have seen 
of late is that this has emerged as the largest segment of the Indian 
IMFL industry. Its 70 million cases, industry growing at about 15% to 
16%. And we feel that there is a big opportunity because we are 
practically represented with our range of products, with Morpheus 
Whisky now being launched, we are now represented in almost every 
category and segment of the IMFL industry.  
 
So, one fine day while we were looking at promoting the luxury and 
semi-luxury, we thought we should not overlook this because we 
already had a brand. We repositioned it with excellent packaging, a 
change in the look and feel with upgradation in the blend. And ever 
since then the brand has not looked back.  
 
In the first year itself, we did 9 lakhs. In the second year, we grew by 
more than 100% to 1.9 million. And in the current year, FY26, we hope 
to double our volumes very easily. The brand is showing great traction. 
It is in the segment which is currently held by brands like IB and 
McDowell's. And I think it is emerging as a competitive force in this 
segment. We are very optimistic that we will be a good player in this 
industry with this brand. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just to follow up, is the aspiration now national for After Dark? Is it 
across markets? I just wanted to get an update on that. 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
So, as far as we are concerned, After Dark is already available in 14 
states. And now we are going to take it across 24 states in the next six 
months. We are going to launch it national. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I want to add on the After Dark is when we repositioned it, repackaged 
it, reblended it, we started with selective states. But whichever state it 
has gone, the response is so good that now in this current fiscal, we 
will take it all India. So, the brand is showing a very fast movement. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Second question was on the state-wise regulation. So, we have seen 
Maharashtra being negative for the industry. Andhra Pradesh, Uttar 
Pradesh over the last six, eight months actually positive. Just wanted 
to get a sense check on, are there any other states where the 
regulatory environment has been this side or that side over the last 
say quarter or so that might have kind of missed us because really all 
the news has been taken up by Maharashtra and UP and Andhra? 
Amar Sinha: 
See, first of all, it's very important to state that UP and Andhra today 
are faring well with their excise policies. It's giving every player 
operating in this country an opportunity to be present in every 
segment and category. So, the excise policies are extremely good and 
favorable to the industry, whether Indian or foreign players. 
 
Having said that, as far as Maharashtra is concerned, yes, we see that 
there is going to be an increase in the consumer price for the brands. 
But then we have always seen in the past that like what we saw in 
Karnataka, they experienced that the consumer price of their brands 
in Karnataka were the highest in the country. And then when they 
started seeing growth in adjoining states, then they realized that they 
need to rework on them, which they did. 
 
Now, in Karnataka, premium brands have started growing and doing 
pretty well. We used to be only 4% of our premium portfolio in 
Karnataka last year. Today, our premium portfolio, the saliency is 15%. 
So, as far as Maharashtra is concerned, we feel that it is too early to 
comment on what the outcome will be. But in this business, water 
finds its level. I think every state government does not want today to 
lose on revenue. So, I am sure if it does not work, they will relook at 
the entire strategy or the policy. But we are hopeful that Radico will 
find a way to maneuver through the intricacies of this policy. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Couldn't agree more. The last question was on CAPEX. So, for this year, 
Dilip ji, what is the kind of number that we are looking at for FY26? 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, now our Capex average run rate will be around Rs. 150 crores to 
Rs. 160 crores annually for next two years. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And is this largely maintenance or there's some addition as well? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes, it is related to the brand and malt. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Wish the team all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhijeet Kundu 
from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Congrats 
on 
a 
really 
great 
set 
of 
numbers. 
Very 
strong 
outperformance. My question was, one, what was the thought process 
behind your super premium whisky launch? I mean, the name of the 
whisky has been Morpheus. Morpheus was more about Morpheus 
brandy. So, what was the thought process behind naming whisky as 
Morpheus? One was that. 
 
And secondly, in Maharashtra, we are not still very clear. At least, I am 
not still very clear about how the duty structure has been, because 
what we are made to know is that the tax increase has been higher in 
the entry level prestige and above and mid-level prestige and above. 
So, just some color on that I wanted to get from you. These two are my 
questions. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, let me tell you what's happening, first I will answer the Maharashtra 
bit of the question. See, the fact is the changes have taken place which 
are drastic in terms of policy. But practically, most brands that sell in 
huge numbers are still thinking of pricing their products between Rs. 
200 to Rs. 250 to the consumers. And this price band is not unique. It's 
been there at some point in time, either in Maharashtra or in 
Karnataka or in any part of the country.  
 
So, as I said, that yes, the changes are drastic. But then we need to see 
it's too early to comment as to how the market will react. But we are 
hopeful that the Maharashtra market is very sensitive, because it's 
surrounded by states like say, for example, Daman, Madhya Pradesh, 
Rajasthan, Goa. So, if the policy does not work internally, the brands 
from other states are going to flow in, the government will lose 
revenue, and then they will take corrective action. So, as I said, you 
know, the water will find its level. But today, what we see that most 
large selling brands are trying to price them between Rs. 200 to Rs. 250 
rupees a nip, which will work. Let's see what happens. 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
Coming back to your first question, which is Morpheus name. See, first 
of all, it's important to say that Morpheus brandy is the only product 
in the premium segment of brandy which enjoys a market share of 
over 60%. The brand equity for this category is extremely strong. In 
fact, five years back, we decided to make brandy a national product. 
So, we extended Morpheus to other parts of the country, to the north, 
west and east.  
 
Today, we are the only national premium brandy in the IMFL category. 
For three successive years, we have sold more than 1.2 million cases. 
And the growth continues to be seen in our current year as well. So, 
that's the kind of equity with all marketing, all activation that we have 
done for the Morpheus brandy.  
 
We were deeply inspired by the brand positioning ‘Dare to Dream’. And 
that's what we wanted to extend to Gen Z and the younger generation, 
because that's a subject matter, which is dear to the heart of all 
youngsters today. And Morpheus whisky is positioned in that super 
premium segment, which is now almost becoming the entry segment 
of all affluent consumers. So, that was the inspiration we view.  
With Morpheus Brandy we said ‘Dare to Dream’. With Morpheus 
Whisky we are saying ‘Be Your Dream’. So, I think that's where it comes 
from. And that the campaigns have worked out very effectively for it. 
The initial response, as I said, is very encouraging. We are very hopeful 
that this is a serious challenger in the IMFL premium whisky segment 
in the times ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Understood. And another thing, I do not know whether you would be 
able to comment on this or not, but what would be the value 
contribution of your luxury segment, including Royal Ranthambore? I 
mean, across the board, all your whisky and vodka offerings taken 
together, what would be the value contribution? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we have guided in Q4 of last year, from the luxury segment, the 
contribution to the IMFL business was around 10%, which is roughly 
Rs. 350 crores. And this year, we are going to cross more than Rs. 500 
crores from luxury and semi-luxury. 
Amar Sinha: 
And the value [growth] of semi-luxury and luxury is 50% right now in 
this quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
And the gross profit margin would be substantially higher as 
compared to, obviously, I mean, the lower segments, the P&A 
segment? 
Amar Sinha: 
Much higher. The important point here is that most of our luxury and 
semi-luxury brands are still at the nascent stage. So, the future seems 
to be very bright for these brands based on the traction that we are 
seeing. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Yes, because this 50% growth could go on for like the next few years. I 
mean, the kind of underlying demand, which is there, and there is not 
much serious competition, so to say. I mean, there is, but you have 
carved out a very strong product offering there and have 
outperformed. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Actually, I have always believed in one statement that to make the first 
million is tough, after that millions follow. So, same thing in alcohol, 
like say Royal Ranthambore if you are targeting next year half a million 
cases. So, when so many people are drinking it becomes a brand and 
people want to drink the same brand. Same thing has happened with 
Jaisalmer. Rampur has not touched the surface only. So, I think luxury 
and semi-luxury, which I am super confident is ‘The Spirit of Kashmyr’, 
and there are one or two more brands which are in the offering in the 
near term. So, I think the luxury, semi-luxury story has just begun. 
Amar Sinha: 
And the innovation pipeline is very strong at Radico. So, a lot of 
products are being worked upon. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Sir, that is great to hear. And what has been the response of Sangam? 
Sangam, I believe, would be in the product offering of Monkey 
Shoulders, is that right to say? I mean, because it is a confluence of 
many malts, so would that be the product offering? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, you are right. The price of Sangam would be about Rs. 5,000 and 
the response is fantastic. It is available in 13 states. It is showing great 
traction. The response is very good from the consumer side. There is 
quite a bit of repeat demand. So, we feel that the brand is poised to 
grow in the years ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Great to hear. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pankaj Kumar 
from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a very good set of 
numbers. Sir, the question is on the non-IMFL category. In this quarter, 
we have seen this is more than Rs. 400 crores kind of contribution. So, 
how do you see with 12% growth? And how do you see this as a 
segment contributing in the coming quarters and year ahead? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, at present, the run rate is around between Rs. 400 crores to 420 
crores. In country liquor, we expect 4% to 5% growth. Other than that, 
the bulk spirit which will get converted into the branded business 
slowly and gradually in three to four years, so we expect a single digit 
growth in the non-IMFL from 2026 onwards. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Sir, on this working capital that has basically improved in this quarter, 
so what led to that change? Is it largely driven by UP? And what has 
changed there? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. So, working capital - one, it is cyclical. We build stocks during the 
season which gradually get liquidated over the next six months. 
Secondly, yes, you are right - in UP, the excise duty has now been 
passed on to the wholesaler, so that is also gradually reducing the 
working capital stakes there. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, that's definitely resulted in the reduction of the working capital. But 
in any case, across the country, we are exercising huge discipline while 
the sales are growing. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
And sir, my last question, as you stated that one or two more brands 
which are there in the offering. So, which category you believe where 
we are not into, and we need to add these? And what is the time frame 
for these launches? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
See, in terms of the new brands, we are now with Morpheus Brandy 
as well available across on all segments. So, we are working on how 
we can further strengthen our participation and offerings in whether 
the brown spirit or white spirit. So, we are working on all of this. And 
in fact, all our products have been internationally also very well 
received. I will be happy to share that Rampur is the official partner of 
Michelin Guide for Dubai and Abu Dhabi as well. So, it shows the kind 
of recognition and acknowledgement that all the international players 
are putting on Rampur Indian single malt. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you. These were the questions. 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anuj from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Anuj: 
Hi, team. Congratulations on the great set of numbers. Two questions 
from myself. Earlier in the call you had mentioned optimism in the 
vodka segment, has there been any specific market indicators which 
has encouraged our expansion in the premium range with ‘The Spirit 
of Kashmyr’?  Secondly, in the regular segment, in the previous 
quarter, you had mentioned that we had achieved 23% market share 
in Andhra Pradesh, how is that moved in this quarter? And how are we 
seeing the trend, per case realization for the regular segment shaping 
up in the coming quarters? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, to answer your first question, I think there would be no brand 
anywhere in the world which commands a market share of 58% to 60% 
in the vodka segment, which is Magic and now ‘The Spirit of Kashmyr’, 
as Amar was saying earlier, it is going to compete with the imported 
multinational brands. And I think once you see the packaging, and 
more than the packaging, if you taste the blend, which I always tell is 
the heart of any of the products, I think this blend would be one of the 
best blends. And we are very confident that with the pricing what we 
have taken, it should make a big impact on the industry. Right now, we 
have started with the state of UP. And gradually, again, as we have 
done for Morpheus whisky, in the current year we will take it to 10 
states.  
 
As far as Andhra Pradesh is concerned, we are growing stronger and 
stronger. So, in the current quarter, our market share was 28% and the 
brands are doing exceptionally well. So, to have 28% is a big 
achievement anywhere. It's highest in the industry. We are clearly the 
number one. So, that is what we believe that hopefully Delhi, then the 
most awaited after the election is Bihar, they open up. Tamil Nadu 
opens up. So, I think like how Andhra has opened up, we are quite 
hopeful Bihar, if the government changes, it becomes wet. Delhi, 
definitely the policy has to change, where again it can be a very big 
moment for all the liquor companies, especially the national 
companies, especially for Radico. So, these three are the positives 
which can change the game like Andhra. 
Anuj: 
Thank you. Great clarity. And good luck for the upcoming quarters. 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, thank you everyone for joining us. Moving forward, we will 
continue to deliver a strong prestige & above category volume growth, 
driven by our diverse brand portfolio. Secondly, we will further 
develop our luxury brand portfolio, which we see as a major 
contributor to our profitability. Furthermore, we are focused on 
ensuring that our capacities operate as efficiently as possible. This will 
enable us to generate cash, repay debt and return cash to the 
shareholders.  
 
We look forward to interacting with you on our next earnings call. In 
the meanwhile, if you have any queries, please follow up or feel free 
to write to us. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
