Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
DB® 
Date: August 04, 2025 
To, 
The Manager - Listing 
Dept of Corp. Services, 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 543593 
The Manager - Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: DBOL 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on July 29, 2025 
In compliance with regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Conference 
Call on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, held on Tuesday, 
July 29, 2025. 
In Compliance with regulation 46, the same is also available on the Company's website i.e. 
www.dhampur.com. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking You 
Your Sincerely, 
For Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
AshuRawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Corp. Office: Second Floor, Plot No. 201, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase Ill, New Delhi - 110 020, India, Tel: +91-11 -6905 5200, Email: corporateoffice@dhampur.com, Website: www.dhampur.com 
Regd. Office: Sugar Mill Compound, Village & Post -Asmoli, Distt. Sambhal, Uttar Pradesh - 244304, Tel: +91-7302318313 
CIN: L 151 00UP2020PLC136939 
Ashu 
Rawat
Digitally signed 
by Ashu Rawat 
Date: 2025.08.04 
18:40:59 +05'30'

DB© 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
"Dhampur Bio Organics Limited's Ql FY'26 Result 
Conference Call" 
July 29, 2025 
DB© 
SKP 
C 
H 
O 
R 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAUTAM GOEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, 
DHAMPUR BIO ORGANICS LIMITED 
MR. NALIN GUPTA - CFO, DHAMPUR BIO ORGANICS 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGRA WAL- HEAD, INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES, SKP SECURITIES LTD. 
Page 1 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Dhampur Bio Organics Limited's QI FY'26 Result 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's opening remarks. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing'*' then 'O' on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal, Head, Institutional Equities. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Gautam Goel: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to welcome you on behalf of Dhampur 
Bio Organics Ltd and SKP Securities to this Financial Results Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Gautam Goel - Managing Director & CEO, and Mr. Nalin Gupta - CFO. 
We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Goel followed by a Q&A session. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Goel. 
Thank you, Navin. Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. I would like to warmly welcome 
everyone to the QI FY'26 Earnings Conference Call for Dhampur Bio Organics Limited. The 
Company's Results and the Investor Presentations for the Quarter are now accessible on the 
Stock Exchanges and on our Company's website. I hope you have had a chance to review them. 
To begin, I will discuss the key economic factors affecting the sugar and ethanol industries 
followed by an overview of our Company's performance. After that, our CFO will provide an 
update on our financial performance. 
According to ISMA's latest data for the sugar season '24-25, the total sugar output reached 29.9 
million ton. While the season's net production is estimated at 26.4 million tons, taking into 
account a diversion of 3.5 million ton for ethanol production. Domestic demand during the 
season was estimated at 28 million ton and an export of about close to a million ton will result 
in the closing inventory of around 5 .4 million tons. 
Looking ahead to the sugar season '25-26, the government announced an FRP adjustment of Rs. 
15 per quintal, bringing the rate to Rs. 355 per quintal based on 10.25 recovery. The current 
sugar prices in UP are at about Rs. 4,050 per quintal and for the Maharashtra mills we are 
realizing around Rs. 3,900 a quintal. For the upcoming sugar season '25-26, we expect an 
increase in the gross sugar production to about 34 million tons-35 million tons. This increase is 
expected mainly from Maharashtra and Kamataka. Furthermore, varietal replacement initiatives 
in Uttar Pradesh and other northern Indian states have demonstrated significant progress. This 
is likely to lead to enhanced yields and recovery during the '25-26 sugar season in these regions 
as well. 
Page 2 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
Global sugar production is projected to reach around 189.3 million tons in the '25-26 season, up 
4. 7% year-on-year, resulting in a surplus of about 41.2 million metric tons, the highest in eight 
years. Major contributors include Brazil, expected to produce 44.7 million tons and Thailand at 
approximately I 0.3 million metric tons. This sharp rise in supply has driven the global prices 
down over 16% year-to-date and the ice raw sugar future is falling to a four-year low of around 
16.5 cents per pound. OMCs have allocated about 930 crore liters across two tender cycles to 
meet the annual demand. The current supply performance shows significant progress with the 
OMCs receiving 550 crore liters of ethanol from November 24 to May 25. The actual blending 
reached 572 crore liters during the seven-month period, resulting in an average blending rate of 
18.8%. Monthly performance peaked at 19.8% blending in May 2025, nearing the 20% target. 
The sugar sector continues to request the government for a revision of ethanol pricing, especially 
for ethanol produced from sugar syrup and B heavy molasses, to align with the current input 
costs and to keep the production incentives intact. 
Now to our Company's operational performance: 
During the current sugar season, DBO crushed 35.3 lakh metric tons of cane compared to 37.93 
lakh tons of cane in the previous season. Our gross sugar recovery for the season stood at I 0.43% 
versus 11.46% last year. Net recovery declined to 9.55% down from 10.48%, reflecting a 
decrease of approximately 93 basis points. As a result, our net sugar production for the season 
was 3.05 lakh tons compared to 3.98 lakh tons in the previous year. We diverted 3.37 lakh tons 
of sugar cane to juice derived ethanol during the season, a significant rise from 0.58 lakh tons in 
the previous year, aligning with our ethanol blending strategy. In QI FY'26, we crushed 2.32 
lakh metric tons of sugar cane and increased from 2.00 lakh metric tons in QI FY'25. 
Sugar sales during the quarter stood at 0.96 lakh tons compared to 0.95 lakh tons in the 
corresponding period last year. Our gross recovery reduced to 11.03%, down from 12.01% in 
QI FY'25. 
Similarly, the net recovery declined to 9.54% as compared to 11.73% in the same period last 
year. Our sugar realizations saw an improvement of 4.5%, increasing from Rs. 39,153 a ton in 
QI FY'25 to Rs. 40,835 a ton in QI FY'26. 
We produced 21.67 million liters of ethanol during QI FY'26 compared to 13.7 million liters in 
the same period last year. Total ethanol sales reached 19.33 million liters up from 10.21 million 
liters in QI FY'25. Of this, ethanol derived from B heavy molasses accounted for 15.51 million 
liters compared to 7.28 million liters in the previous year quarter, underscoring our alignment 
with the government's ethanol blending targets. 
Our country liquor segment has witnessed a significant growth, reaching 11.24 lakh cases in QI 
FY'26 as against 7.75 lakh cases in QI FY'25, reflecting an increase of45.16%. 
Page 3 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
It gives me immense pleasure to inform you all that we have also commenced the production of 
UPML and we are hopeful of continued growth in this segment. We have successfully completed 
the conversion of a 100 KLPD molasses-based distillery at Asmoli unit into a dual-feed facility 
capable of processing both molasses and grain-based feed stock. This conversion, completed in 
June 2025, provides enhanced operational flexibility and optimal capacity utilization throughout 
the year. The dual-feed capability enables us to optimize feed stock utilization based on raw 
material availability and government policies, positioning us well for both traditional sugar- 
based and emerging grain-based ethanol programs. We maintain our commitment to cane 
development initiatives and varietal improvement programs for enhanced productivity in the 
future crushing seasons. I would now like to hand it over to Nalin for an update on the financial 
performance. Thank you. 
Nalin Gupta: 
Thank you, Gautam. Thank you everyone for joining us today for our earnings call for the first 
quarter of fiscal 2026. I am pleased to share our financial highlights and performance across our 
key segments. Our revenue from operations for QI FY'26 stood at Rs. 821 crores as compared 
to Rs. 638 crores in FY'25 in QI reflecting a growth of 28.75% year-on-year. The change in 
revenue is primarily on account of improved sugar realization and higher ethanol and country 
liquor sales. There is a loss after tax of Rs. 19.37 crores as against profit of Rs I.I 1 crores in QI 
FY'25. In Ql FY'26 our sugar segment reported a revenue of Rs. 523.49 crores as compared to 
Rs. 428.7 crores in previous year's corresponding quarter representing a YOY increase of22%. 
We sold 95,505 tons of sugar in Ql FY'26 as against 95,153 tons of sugar in Ql FY'25. Our 
average realization for Ql FY'26 was 40.84 per kg as compared to 39.15 per kg in Ql FY'25. 
Our inventory as on 30th June 2025 stood at 1.52 lakh tons of sugar which has been valued at 
37.39 per kg as compared to 2.02 lakh tons of sugar as on 30th June 2024 which was valued at 
34.57 per kg. 
Coming to Power segment: 
The power generated stood at 20.37 million units in Ql FY'26 as against 18.12 million units in 
the same quarter last year. We exported 9.94 million units at an average realization of 3.44 per 
unit in Ql FY'26 as against export of 6.56 million units in the same quarter last year. 
Coming to Biofuels and Spirit segment: 
Our revenue from the biofuels and spirits segment reached Rs 127.66 crores in Ql FY'26. An 
increase from Rs 69.55 crores in Ql FY'25 reflecting a YOY growth of84%. EBIT forQl FY'26 
stood at Rs. 64 lakhs. We sold 19.33 million bulk liters of ethanol during this quarter including 
grain-derived ethanol of 1 million bulk liters which is up from 10.21 million bulk liters in Ql 
FY'25 with an increase of 89% YOY. Our average realization of ethanol stood at 59.64 per litre 
in Ql FY'26 as against 58.52 per litre in this same quarter last year. Ethanol stock as on 30th 
June 2025 stood at 6.41 million bulk liters as compared to 8.63 million bulk liters as of 30th June 
2024. 
Page 4 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
Coming to Country Liquor segment: 
In Ql FY'26 gross revenue from our country liquor segment experienced significant growth 
reaching Rs 286.34 crores as compared to gross revenue of Rs. 189.98 crores last year reflecting 
YOY increase of 51 %. Revenue net of excise increased from Rs. 19 .13 crores in Q 1 FY25 to 
Rs. 28.18 crores in Ql FY'26 with an EBIT ofRs. 4.33 crores in Ql FY26 as compared to EBIT 
of Rs. 2.51 crores in Ql FY'25. We have repaid long-term loans of Rs 15 crores during the 
quarter. Our long-term loans stood at Rs. 304 crores as on 30th June 2025. 
Our working capital loan as on 30th June was Rs. 671 crores. As of 30th June 2025, our Long 
term debt-equity ratio remains at 0.3x. Long-term and short-term ratings of the Company as on 
30th June is CARE A- with stable outlook for long-term facilities and CARE A2+ for short-term 
facilities. 
With this, I request the moderator to open the floor for the questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from Niteen Dharmawat from Aurum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Gautam Goel: 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Thank you for the opportunity. It's a pretty disappointing number. What has gone wrong? Can 
you please elaborate on that point? You talked a lot about what is currently going on but I wanted 
to understand what is going wrong with the Company and why continuously we are having a 
disappointing set of numbers while we are having sales numbers going up but the EBITDA 
margin is down. And when things are going to come on track for the Company? 
Yes, Mr. Dharmawat, you are right in many ways. The numbers are not being as per our 
expectation. But this is also what we had highlighted during our year-ending conference call. 
Our sugar recoveries have taken a beating in two of our factories. Overall, UP, the sugar 
recoveries have been down by about 0.7% to 0.8% in West Central UP. So the bulk of our cane 
comes from this region where the red rot infestation and the pest infestation was high which 
resulted in a lower net recovery which increased the overall cost of production. Also, the sugar 
prices in this quarter did not really show any marginal increase in spite of the overall lower 
countrywide reduction in sugar production. The sugar prices did not show any substantial 
increase which they have now started to move up. Going forward, we do believe the cane 
development and pest management activities that we put into place more aggressively should 
help us reverse this trend. And as we mentioned, all our other sort of rationalization efforts with 
regards to ethanol, dual feed, all of them have now just about come on stream in June. So we 
hope this will continue to help give us better performances especially in Q3-Q4. 
We are again going for Q3-Q4 because last con-call also I attended. You mentioned that by 
August-September we will come to know about the cane availability and yield and looks like 
better compared to last year because last year we were hit by the disease. So this year looks 
Page 5 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
better and you mentioned during that period that will be clear by August-September but now 
you are pushing it to Q3-Q4 then it is again disappointing. Don't you think so? 
Gautam Goel: 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
No, Mr. Dharmawat. I think there seems to be some confusion here. The sugar production cycle 
in North India is over. The sugar crop that we had from October, factory started in November to 
March-April. So that sugar season, the cost of production that got enhanced because of this sort 
of lower recovery and lower results, that is the sugar that we are selling now. This sugar should 
be out of our system pretty much by November latest but bulk of the sugar should be sold by 
October. The current crop, I don't know if you were there for the last one or two calls, but in 
every call when the recoveries were lower, both in the March call and the December call, I did 
mention about the lower recoveries and lower yields both in UP and to us specifically. Now, 
going forward, whatever cane data that we have and we are doing a lot of extensive surveys and 
we are spending in fact a lot of, our only focus this year, one of our biggest focus is on cane 
development and pest mitigation. So, as of now, all the surveys which we have got in the on the 
ground report we have, both the replacement of 238 has gone on at a faster pace and pest 
management has also been far more effective this year at this point of time. 
Okay. Let's keep the fingers crossed because I am pretty surprised with the numbers that we 
have received. In fact, a lot of market participants are also started talking very negatively about 
the Company. So, I am pretty sure the Company is more focused on operational efficiencies now 
and will be more focused on the results because it is a pretty disappointing set of numbers which 
have come from the Company consistently. Thank you and wishing you best. 
Yes, we have noted your concern and we will work on it. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from Nithin Renjith from Frontline Access Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. I think the management did touch upon the red rot infestation about 
a few months back, but there have been reports of a new pest outbreak, if I am not mistaken, 
about a black bug or something like that. So, I know that to counter the red rot infestation, a new 
variety of sugarcane was actually given to the farmers recently. So, what is the update on that 
front? There is also this new bug, or should I say pest known as black bug, which has affected 
large parts of Bijnor which is like kind of our cultivation area. So, what is the update on that? 
Has that been contained or do you have a spillover effect towards the next sugar season as well? 
You see, a black bug is not a new pest. It has been there in the sugarcane crop for quite some 
time. But in our area, whatever black bug we did observe very early on was contained with the 
right amount, the right kind of pesticides were put into place, and the treatments were put into 
place to keep it contained. So, as of this point of time, we do not have any black bug related 
damages which has been, that they have all been contained. We do not have anything of material 
to report there. 
Page 6 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
Got it. And this, I mean, even the black bug is also affecting the Co-0238 variety as well or has 
it been affecting the newer variety which got introduced after the red rot infestation? 
See, red rot is a fungal infestation. Black bug is a pest. But black bug we did not find any major 
impact. Whatever little black bug was seen, it came in the ratoon crop which was predominantly 
238 at that point of time. But that was contained. So, we do not see any spillover effect or any 
sort of problems there. 
Gautam, I know that these are like early times, but going forward for the next sugar season, what 
sort of production or should I say recovery are you like estimating? I mean, I am sure that at a 
Company level, you would have some internal calculations of your own, right? Are you like 
seeing an uptick or what is it that we are getting from the ground? Or are these like early times? 
So, these are definitely early times. But what we can tell you is the cane crop is looking really 
healthy at this point of time, touchwood. We do not see any varietal changes, programs that have 
been put into place are also beginning to show results. The red rot containment also has been, 
we do not see any major red rot outbreak. Also, the monsoons have not been, one of the biggest 
reasons for red rot to spread is also when you have excessive rains when the water carries from 
one field to the other, which seems to be a lot more sort of fortunate this year that the rains have 
been there, but they have been sporadic. So, all in all, with regards to disease and pest and varietal 
replacement, we believe we are in a better situation. And we do believe this will reflect both in 
terms of sugarcane yields and the sugarcane recovery. 
Got it, and ifl may squeeze one more question with the operator's approval. So, I mean, I think 
OM Cs have given out a new tender for the next procurement season. So, going forward, will our 
focus, I think they had mentioned that the prices in the international markets have kind of fallen. 
So, what is going to be the Company's approach in that front? 
Sorry, I couldn't understand your question. Your voice got lost a little bit in between. After the 
OMC tender, we couldn't understand what you said. 
Going forward what's the Company's approach going to be like? Are we like focusing on, are 
we like shifting our production towards ethanol, increasing the capacity utilization are we 
looking at for ethanol plant site? And lastly, I was referring to the export quota. You had 
mentioned that, the prices of sugar have fallen in the international markets and our exports kind 
of viable right now, given the sharp fall we have seen in the international markets. So, those are 
the two questions which I had. 
So, with regards to our focus on see our focus will be on value addition, depending on the ethanol 
prices that the government announces for the current year. We will be in a better position to 
decide what raw material we will use for ethanol diversion, whether it will be B heavy, C 
molasses or syrup. Our distillery, we have today our distillery capacity, which is about 300 
Page 7 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
kiloliters per day. We have a swing capacity of 100 KLPD. So, we should be able to completely, 
depending on the feedstock that we use, we should be able to mix and match and supply the 
maximum ethanol possible. Our Country Liquor segment continues to do well. So, we will also 
be diverting some of our own molasses for this segment and we will be buying levied molasses 
from outside for this segment. 
With regards to export, we see the opportunity for export right now. I mean, there isn't much of 
export that is going to happen from North India, but there could be opportunities and positions 
for Western part of India to export a certain amount of sugar in the new season. That will be 
dependent upon when the government permits exports and to what quantities. 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Got it. All the best going forward. And hopefully, the Company's performance will also improve. 
You're welcome. Thank you. 
Thank you. Next question is from Udit Gupta, who's an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Good evening, sir. So, my question is, what is our cane acreage looking like considering that the 
planting will be complete by now? 
So, out of our three units, Mansurpur, which is in West UP, the cane acreage is pretty much 
similar to last year with the yields seem to be better for sure. For Asmoli and Meerganj, the cane 
acreage is about say 4% to 5% lower, but we do hope to make that up with enhanced productivity 
of cane. 
This acreage in the two units has dropped because of shift to other crops? 
So, once you see, because of this red rot, in any case, there was an expected drop of acreage and 
we have got the UP data right now. This drop in acreage is pretty much uniform across all of 
Central and East UP. All of Central and East UP is showing about a 5% to 7% drop. Some of it 
is because of, of course, diversion to maize and other such crops. Partial reason for that had also 
been because pretty much across UP, the red rot had infected 238 considerably and farmers were 
switching over, till the time that seed for better varieties was made available in adequate 
quantities. I have a feeling in 2025-26, we will start seeing a bump up in, my hunch is in 2025- 
26, we will start seeing the sugarcane prices, I mean sugarcane acreage to start going up again 
in UP. 
And sir, what would be the shift to from 238? So, like what would shift to other varieties? What 
percentage would it be by the ratoon crop and by the plant cane? 
See, ratoon crop, we still have predominantly 238 because that was last year's planting. It's still 
about 75%-80% is 238. But in plant cane, we have to about 45%-50% is other varieties. But the 
Page 8 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
important fact is 238 right now is currently, the current 238 which is there is healthy. It does not 
show any red rot sort of signs, which is also a good sign. 
Udit Gupta: 
Got it. And sir, this ethanol policy from the government, so like, is there any further roadmap 
from 20% or right now we are locked at this 20%? 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
So, the government, there was a recent meeting where the BIS has agreed on an increase ofE20 
to E22, E25, E27 and E30. But the exact timeframes are yet to be decided. BIS will be releasing 
the standards in due course of time. And then the government's policy makers will also take, I 
mean, they will also have to take a decision accordingly. But we are given to understand that 
they are interested in increasing the ethanol blend percentages going forward. 
Sir, currently, the government is buying more from the grain distilleries, so to speak. And in 
future, the grain distilleries are increasing even more, like in capacity. So, how do we foresee it 
affecting our Company? 
So, see, we have today the opportunity to supply from grain and supply from molasses. So, we 
will be able to play both sides of the coin. And in the coming year, I also believe there is some 
discussions with regards to, I mean, if you see all the press cuttings, and if you see some of the 
discussions on what we have been given to understand through associations and otherwise, that 
there is a thought that probably we don't want to, the maize areas more than the desired level 
because it's eating into edible oils, it's eating into other pulses and other necessary food items. 
So, I have a feeling, and maize prices have started softening. So, I have a feeling you'll start 
seeing sugar sector coming back to its predominant supplier to the ethanol program. 
Got it, sir. And so, what is the economics of the grain-based ethanol for us right now? Is it 
profitable? 
So, see, we have two principal feedstocks right now. One is FCAI-based surplus price which the 
government gives. The margins over there are considerably lesser. We have supplied a certain 
amount of quantity of that. And in the next tender also have to supply some quantities. With the 
current price of maize, I think the margins could be a little higher. But we will be bidding for 
that probably in the new ethanol cycle. 
And so, are we looking at any branded business as well? Because we had a certain appointment 
senior level in this kind of a role. 
We already have a Dhampur brand which has been there. I mean, we were one of the first early 
movers in the branded sugar segment in the demerged entity, which is now today with Dhampure 
and with our refined sugar and value-added products that we are doing. So, we are finding a 
good value addition and growth segment in this area. I think we will have more news to share in 
the coming quarters. But we do find this area to be a promising opportunity for us. 
Page 9 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, the liquor segment, are we looking at a branded opportunity or will it be only country 
liquor? 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Gautam Goel: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Moderator: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit, we did study the opportunity oflooking into the IMFL or branded segment, but decided it 
wasn't for us. It seems to be a business which we were not seem to be well geared up for. So, we 
will be focusing on country liquor. We think there is adequate margins to be made. We have this 
fair distillery capacity. We are today a net buyer of levy molasses. And if you see, we are 
continuing to show good growth here and we hope to maintain this momentum going forward. 
And sir, this year, Diwali is earlier. So, we expect to start crushing a little earlier? 
At least our plant in West UP, which has the same cane as last year with better yield, we think 
we should be starting that pretty much right after Diwali. This seems to be the plan right now. 
But still early days. 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from Nithin Renjith from Frontline Access Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, I was going through some old news articles which spoke about a new sugar mill, which came 
up in, I think, by one of your competitors, by the Bindal Group. And it cost something like Rs. 
600 crore. So, given the catchment area and given the lower yields, given the lower recovery 
rates that we are seeing, are we going to face some issues with the requirement? Because that's 
like a new facility and production has also kind of dropped. So, I was hoping to get some info 
on that. 
Bindal Sugar Mill actually came up about a year ago. I mean, this is the second season. It doesn't 
affect us to a certain extent, which is the border of our area. It didn't really affect us to a great 
extent. It's more in the Bijnor side. So, but it did not affect the DBO side to Asmoli unit at 2 or 
3 centres, in a negligible quantity. 
Got it. Thank you. And all the best again. 
Thank you. Next question is from Udit Gupta who is an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sir, follow up question on ethanol. So, is there anything happening on the diesel front or the 
ATF front for the aviation turbine fuel? 
Yes, so on the diesel front, there's been some talk but nothing concrete. A lot of discussions are 
going on both at national and international stage like with the Japanese government and stuff 
Page 10 of 11 

DB® 
Dhampur Bio Organics Ltd. 
Dhampur Bio Organics Limited 
July 29, 2025 
like that. For the SAF, sustainable aviation fuel. Some companies are seriously looking at it. 
Probably it will happen sometime in the near future, but no project has been announced as of 
now. I am talking about SAF from ethanol. 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir, SAF was announced by the government 1 % or 2% blending in some year? 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Udit Gupta: 
Gautam Goel: 
Moderator: 
Gautam Goel: 
Yes, they have announced it. But there is this supply constraints and there are a couple of other 
issues which like for example, ISMA is working on getting, there is something called CORSIA 
numbers and all these other kinds of compliance issues and environmental credit scores which 
have to be all validated. ISMA tied up with TERI to get the same done. So, I think there is still 
some work to be done. Therefore, I am saying it should happen but probably sometime in the 
foreseeable future. But there is still some homework to be done both in terms of environmental 
credit numbers and the government policy to be mandated and things like that. 
Got it, sir. And sir, any CAPEX plan that we have in the next, this current financial year? 
So we have pretty much replacement CAPEX or negligible CAPEX. Our overall CAPEX spend 
will be considerably lower than our net depreciation. I don't think we will have any major 
CAPEX, we have not planned for any major CAPEXs. 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Goel for closing comments. 
Thank you. Thank you all very much and we thank you for all your comments and queries. And 
we look forward to hearing from you again in the near future when we have our next call. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript has been edited for factual errors. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on stock exchange on 29th July 2025 will prevail. 
Page 11 of 11 
