www.mpslimited.com 
Registered Office:  RR Towers IV, Super A, 16/17, Thiru-Vi-Ka Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai-600032-India, Tel: +91 44 49162222 Email: info@mpslimited.com 
Corporate Identification Number: L22122TN1970PLC005795 
Ref: MPSL/SE/40/2025-26 
Date: 25 July 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MPSLTD 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532440 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call inter-alia on the Un-Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the First Quarter ended 30 June 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of the Earnings Conference Call, held on Friday, 18 July 2025, at 01:30 P.M. (IST), inter-alia on 
the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the First Quarter ended 30 June 2025. 
This is for your information and record. 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MPS Limited 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As Above 
Raman 
Sapra
Digitally signed 
by Raman Sapra 
Date: 
2025.07.25 
14:02:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“MPS Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL ARORA – CHAIRMAN AND CEO 
 
MR. SREENIVAS TV – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 
MS. PRARTHANA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MS. ARCHANA JAYARAJ – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– MPS INTERACTIVE AND MPS EUROPA 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day, and welcome to MPS Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora, Chairman and CEO. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Arora. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you, Renju. Good evening from Singapore, and a warm welcome to our Q1 FY'26 
earnings call. Today on the call, I have with me: 
• 
Prarthana Agarwal, CFO of MPS Limited;  
• 
Sreenivas TV, COO of MPS Limited. A warm welcome to Sreenivas to his first 
earnings call at MPS Limited.  
• 
Archana Jayaraj, Chief Operating Officer, MPS Interactive and MPS Europa. 
 
Prarthana joins us from our corporate office in Noida, and Sreeni and Archana from Bengaluru. 
Prarthana will kick things off in our opening segment today by discussing our financial 
performance. Then, Sreeni will update us on our Education and Research Solutions business 
segments. Archana will discuss the progress in our Corporate Learning business segments. 
Finally, I will provide an update on the outcome of our Board meeting held earlier today before 
opening the call to questions. 
 
Let's get going. Over to you, Prarthana. 
Prarthana Agarwal: 
Thanks, Rahul.  
Q1 FY'26 was a soft start to what should be a remarkable year for MPS. Revenue growth was 
muted at 3.9% over the previous year, though EBITDA grew by as much as 22.51%. Headcount 
has grown from 3,007 employees to 3,263 employees, reflecting the scale-up we expect as we 
progress through the FY. We brought DSO (Days) back to 45 in Q1 FY'26. An achievement my 
team and I are proud of and are looking forward to sustaining. The excellent corporate 
governance around the redistribution of surplus capital is being followed through by tight 
execution from finance and operations on working capital management.  
                                                I would like to highlight that we have reset our Segment reporting to reflect how the management 
team views the business today and towards Vision 2027. Our reporting will now be on a market-
based approach rather than a product-based or service-based approach. Our core business 
segments, based on the markets we target, are Research Solutions, Education Solutions, and 
Corporate Learning. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
 
Research Solutions include  
1. 
Content and eLearning solutions for journals, books, and MRWs inherited from 
Macmillan's ownership of MPS.  
2. 
Platform Solutions from legacy Macmillan, the acquisition of THINK in 2017 from Digital 
River, and the acquisition of HighWire from AKKR and Stanford University in 2020.  
3. 
The acquisition of AJE from Springer Nature was completed in February 2024. 
 
Education Solutions include  
1. 
The Content, Platform, and eLearning solutions business, servicing education clientele, was 
inherited from Macmillan's ownership of MPS.  
2. 
Acquisitions of Element in 2013, EPS in 2014, and TSI Evolve in 2015.  
3. 
Acquisition of Magplus from Bonnier Corporation in 2016. 
4. 
India operations that support the US Education business;  
5. 
Acquisition of TOPSIM GmbH from Tata Industries in 2018. 
 
Corporate Learning includes  
1. 
Acquisition of Tata Interactive Systems Limited and AG in 2018,  
2. 
Acquisition of EI Design in 2022,  
3. 
Acquisition of Liberate Learning in 2023.  
 
Our revised Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy focuses on representing firm-wide capabilities to the 
marketplace rather than our previous product-based approach. We unlocked this strategy first in 
2022 and have since then scaled its execution. 
 
The CODM has evaluated the business activities and accordingly has re-aligned the composition 
of the business segments to reflect the changes in the internal organisation structure. 
Accordingly, the segment revenue and results have been reclassified for all the reportable 
periods. 
 
I want to now hand it over to Sreeni to discuss the developments in our Education and Research 
Solutions business. 
Sreenivas TV: 
Thanks, Prarthana.  
The Education Solutions segment recorded remarkable growth, with revenue soaring by 56.64% 
in Q1 of FY'26. Given the operating leverage available in the business, EBITDA more than 
doubled compared to the previous year, and EBITDA margin was 36% in Q1 of FY'26. What 
was even more heartening was that this extraordinary success was entirely driven by organic 
growth since the last acquisition in this segment was way back in 2018. This impressive growth 
is driven by strategic collaborations with top-tier educational platforms, continuing education 
institutes, and globally recognized learning companies. The infusion of new high-profile clients 
and a robust pipeline underscores our relentless pursuit of excellence in this business segment. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
 
Moving on to Research Solutions, the aggregate snapshot in Q1 does not do justice to the 
remarkable business performance. We did witness a small decline in Revenue over the previous 
year in Q1 in the Research Solutions. This decline was entirely due to intentional rightsizing of 
AJE, which is now operating at an annual run rate of USD12 million in revenue at impressive 
margins. The growth in the rest of the portfolio, particularly Journal Editorial Office and peer 
review and content, platform solutions for journals, books, and MRW, is lost in the AJE noise. 
However, for the diligent analysts, it does show up in EBITDA growth, which was nearly 10% 
in Q1 FY'26 over the previous year in the Research Solutions business segment. The EBITDA 
growth was driven by the unlocking of operational leverage due to impressive Revenue growth 
in the non-AJE business in Research Solutions and the complete transformation of AJE, which, 
though truncated in size, is much healthier in margins, quality of revenue, and customer 
satisfaction. 
 
I would like to hand it over to Archana to discuss the impressive progress made in our Corporate 
Learning business. 
Archana Jayaraj: 
Thanks, Sreeni.  
We entered FY'26 with a clear focus on innovation-led differentiation and a deliberate effort to 
further tighten our operational levers for long-term scalability in a dynamically evolving 
landscape. In Q1, that translated into decisive progress across both our product strategy and our 
efficiency agenda. 
 
Structurally, we continued to drive greater agility, reflected in a leaner team, with headcount 
reduced from 288 in Q1 FY'25 to 202 in Q1 FY'26, while maintaining delivery strength and 
accountability. These shifts have allowed us to optimize workflows, improve throughput, and 
strengthen governance across projects. 
 
Innovation has been central to our agenda. We have expanded our suite of AI-powered client-
facing tools, including interactive dashboards for real-time analytics and visibility, bots for 
operational excellence enablement, and the rollout of our Gen AI Studio, a growing ecosystem 
of curated free tools for both internal and external use. These initiatives are already opening 
doors to larger and more strategic conversations and are laying the groundwork for scalable 
differentiated revenue in the quarters ahead. 
 
On the solutioning front, we launched offerings such as adaptive learning pathways and KAM 
simulations tailored to address diverse enterprise needs in a range of domains across FMCG, 
energy, and the public sector. 
 
Across the various entities, we onboarded 12 new customer logos in Q1. Early strategic bets are 
beginning to convert into tangible outcomes, including the earlier invitation to join a prestigious 
conglomerate supplier panel, now resulting in work north of USD1 million to be executed in 
2025 and an experience centre project valued at USD 850K. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
 
In summary, we are moving with intent. We are innovating boldly, delivering intelligently, and 
scaling with precision. We're building for resilience, not reaction, and that long-term discipline 
gives us confidence in our FY'26 trajectory. 
 
I would like to hand it over to Rahul to conclude this opening section. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Archana, and thank you for the rich update team.  
Q1 was soft for MPS, particularly in the context of what we expect to be a banner year for us. 
Though the headlines do brush over some strong indicators, AJE has declined in Q1, but other 
things have not. 
▪ 
North America is growing again for us. After dipping to 48% of our total revenue in Q4 
FY25, we saw a major bounce back in Q1 FY'26, with a geography accounting for 51% of 
our consolidated revenue.  
▪ 
60% growth in the Education business was entirely organic. We now have a superior profile 
of customers, including top-tier educational platforms, continuing education institutes, and 
globally recognized learning companies. 
▪ 
Margins in Research Solutions continue to expand despite a one-time contraction in AJE in 
FY26, which was well planned and intentional.  
▪ 
In the Corporate Learning business, the Order book and pipeline are moving in the right 
direction with some sizable orders around the corner.  
▪ 
Total headcount is now at 3,263 from 3,007 PY, reflecting what we expect as we progress 
through FY26.  
▪ 
Finally, we have a robust acquisition pipeline that should result in multiple deals in FY'26. 
 Let's now move to Board outcomes.  
Firstly, I'd like to talk about the scheme of amalgamation. I'm pleased to announce that the Board 
has approved the amalgamation of ADI BPO Services Limited with MPS Limited, subject to 
stock exchange, statutory, and other requisite approvals. As ADI BPO is the holding and 
promoter company of MPS, this merger will simplify the shareholding structure, enhance 
operational flexibility, and strengthen direct promoter alignment, all without affecting public 
shareholding. The removal of the intermediate holding company eliminates structural 
complexity and overcomes restrictions under current layering rules, clearing the path for 
inorganic growth for MPS and better strategic execution. This is a key step in building a more 
agile, growth-focused, and efficient organization. 
 
Next, I'd like to talk about the Restructuring of the overseas subsidiary- transfer of shareholding 
in MPS Europa AG to MPS Interactive Systems Limited. In continuation, I'm pleased to share 
that the Board has also granted its in-principle approval for the restructuring of our overseas 
subsidiary, MPS Europa AG, through the transfer of its entire shareholding to MPS Interactive 
Systems Limited, another material wholly owned subsidiary of MPS. This strategic realignment 
is a first step that aims to consolidate the Group's eLearning business under a single, focused 
entity, thereby enabling a unified, scalable, and globally competitive eLearning solutions 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
platform, with the potential to unlock operational synergies, revenue synergies, streamline 
governance, and enhance global market positioning. MPS Europa AG will now operate as a step-
down subsidiary of MPS Interactive Systems, enabling a more streamlined structure and sharper 
execution capability within the Corporate Learning vertical. The transaction will be executed at 
arm's length and remains subject to valuation, due diligence, and requisite regulatory and 
statutory approvals. 
 
Let's now open the call to questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Navid Virani, Bastion Research. 
Navid Virani: 
I wanted to understand the overall growth in the last few years. If I look at the overall top-line 
growth, it looks like it is mostly driven by acquisitions. Additionally, as an outsider, what I'm 
able to see is that this growth is mostly one-time in nature. 
 
My understanding was that once we acquire an entity, there will also be some part of organic 
growth that will come with that entity. But that is not something that I'm able to see right now. 
I can be completely wrong. So, can you just throw some light here and improve my 
understanding? 
Rahul Arora: 
During Q1 FY'26, what's taken place is with AJE, and I'm ballparking here, there's been a year-
on-year decline of about INR20 crores in revenue, and that has been highly intentional. We have 
exited things that were not profitable, and the focus has been entirely on making an unprofitable 
asset highly profitable. 
 
We have now hit EBITDA margins of 23% standalone at AJE. So, if you take AJE out, the 
business would have grown organically, at 10% for the Research Solutions and 15% overall.  
The business is growing organically, except for AJE. This AJE overhang is expected to continue 
through FY'26. But fundamentally, the rest of the business is growing, and this growth does not 
include any acquisitions. So this is pure organic growth. 
Navid Virani: 
Perfect. So if I understood your answer correctly, what you're saying is that we are still taking 
some measures in terms of on-the-job revenue as far as AJE is concerned, but the profitability 
will continue to improve if I look at AJE on a stand-alone basis. Is that understanding correct? 
Rahul Arora: 
Correct, keeping AJE aside, the business is growing organically at 10%-15%. With AJE, as a 
result, the growth is flat for this quarter. AJE standalone is about 23% EBITDA margin in Q1. 
This will continue to improve as we progress through the year and heading to north of 30% 
EBITDA margin at AJE. 
The Research Solutions business without AJE is backed by its robust ~40% EBITDA margin. 
AJE’s current position can be significantly improved. To give the margin numbers, AJE 
standalone today is 23%, heading to north of 30% soon. And without AJE, the Research 
Solutions business has an EBITDA margin of 40%. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Krushi Parekh with BugleRock PMS. 
Krushi Parekh: 
I can stick to AJE right now. So when you said INR20 crores was the impact on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. So on a yearly basis, this would be around INR80 crores? 
Rahul Arora: 
The run rate for AJE we are expecting for FY'26 is USD12 million, and the impact that I was 
giving you was Q1 FY'26 versus Q1 FY'25; the INR20 crores is a ballpark. The run rate for FY 
‘26, we're expecting about USD12 million. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Sure, and on the same line, what is the rationale for the margins part? Was this planned and 
intentional, or was it that the client to whom we were catering was not ready to help us with 
more margins? Or was it something else? 
Rahul Arora: 
At an overall MPS level, we've always been disciplined with capital allocation and therefore 
margins, given that we are in an industry where you can grow organically at 10%- 15%. You 
can't grow more than that organically. To grow at a higher clip, you need inorganic growth, and 
to fund that inorganic growth, you need cash flow. We've always had the discipline to run high-
margin businesses and reinvest surplus cash into acquisitions to drive 20%-25% overall growth. 
Anytime a business is operating at a low margin, we try and solve the issues in the business that 
are leading to a low margin. That's what we've done with AJE. There were clear, definitive 
measures taken, which meant that the revenue has declined, but we are constantly looking to 
improve the margins. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Grishma Shah with Envision Capital. 
Grishma Shah: 
Good afternoon to the management team, and thanks for taking my question. I'm curious to know 
what is this entire amalgamation leading to in terms of dilution and any other outgo from MPS 
at the moment? 
Rahul Arora:  
There is no change in shareholding. There is no tax impact or any commercial impact to MPS. 
This is a corporate restructuring at the Holding Company level. The way it was structured was 
that between the ultimate promoter group and MPS, there was an intermediary called ADI BPO. 
That intermediary is getting eliminated and collapsing into MPS. So commercially and 
financially, even in terms of shareholding, there is no change. There will be one less entity 
between the promoter group and MPS. 
Grishma Shah: 
Will the promoter shareholding in terms of percentage also remain the same in the company? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, it will remain the same.  
Grishma Shah: 
What was the revenue of AJE when we acquired as currently, it is USD12 million. 
Rahul Arora: 
Last year, it was USD18 million, and this year, we're doing USD12 million, which is what we 
expect on a conservative basis. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Saurabh Surendra Shah with AUM Fund Advisors. 
Saurabh Surendra Shah: 
Hi, Rahul. When do you expect to start seeing some growth in AJE, which means your kind of 
lower-end clients are completely taken off, and you're either able to increase business with 
existing clients or add more clients? Do you expect to see any in FY ‘26, and if not, then when 
do we start seeing growth that you are normally delivering? 
Rahul Arora: 
A lot of activity has taken place last year and is taking place in FY ‘26. Those activities are of 
three forms. One is that we're entering today, the B2B partnership that we have in AJE is the 
Springer Nature. We're looking to expand that partnership to multiple publishers. Extensive 
conversations, discussions, and negotiations are currently underway. We expect more B2B 
revenue. Today, B2B revenue is less than 10% at AJE. Almost all of it is B2B2C. So we expect 
that to grow. 
Secondly, our product Rubriq, which is a DIY, AI platform, we expect that to scale as well and 
contribute to the overall revenue of AJE. And finally, on the B2B2C side, we are now looking 
to expand beyond China, given that China is the predominant market for B2B2C for AJE right 
now. We are unlocking three levers. We expect results primarily to show up from Q1 of FY'27. 
This year, on a conservative basis, we're forecasting USD12 million for AJE. 
Saurabh Surendra Shah: 
Okay. So, from what you said, from USD18 million down to about USD12 million. So we expect 
this to be about 33% down on a full-year basis and FY'27, any order of magnitude, if you 
consider, could go to USD20 million from the three acquisitions? 
Rahul Arora: 
If you look at the Research Solutions business without AJE, it's growing at 10%- 11% right now. 
We would expect similar growth from AJE once this transformation settles. From Q1, it is 
expected to be back to 10%-11%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vikas Mistry with MoonShot Ventures. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Last time when we did the AJE acquisition, we had clear criteria to increase the revenues. Earlier, 
the revenue of AJE was USD20 million, so we didn't take part in the business. Then our revenue 
was USD18 million. Now it dropped down to USD12 million. One year ago, we were doing an 
acquisition, we had discussions that we would continue to cross our EBITDA and continue to 
have clients to give further services of AJE to other clients, but it is not happening. What has 
been happening there? Do you think that sharp downturn is because some new competition has 
arrived and they are giving services at a slightly lower rate, and your margins are getting out? 
Rahul Arora: 
When we acquired AJE, there were two parts. One was Research Square, which was a preprints 
platform, and the other was AJE. We did not acquire the preprints platform because it was not a 
profitable venture. We acquired the AJE piece of the total company. The revenue has dropped 
from USD 18 million to USD12 million, primarily because of cost-cutting measures and making 
the operations more efficient. So that was the first exercise, and the revenue has dropped to 
USD12 million. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
Financially, this has been a remarkable acquisition. We are expecting a payback of two years. 
Within two years, MPS would have recovered whatever amount has been invested in AJE. That's 
a significant financial upside when you think of it, either from an IRR perspective or ROCE 
perspective.  In terms of what's the revenue driver here, essentially, our competition in this 
market, B2B tends to be a healthy, stable revenue stream for our competition. For us, at AJE 
today, B2B is less than 10% of our revenue. As a result, most of our revenue is coming from 
B2B2C, which has been volatile based on the cost-cutting and things we've done. 
 
The path for us is going to be the strongest lever to enhance the B2B arrangements. Today, we 
are entirely dependent on one publisher. Within Research Solutions, we have 20-star accounts 
that we are knocking on to get into revenue share agreements with them. 
 
Unlike other parts of our business, where we essentially supply services and solutions and in 
return get compensated, this is a different type of arrangement that requires more time and 
strategic discussion, as we're essentially entering a partnership with our customers where they 
divert inbound inquiries about content services to us at AJE. The lead time essentially is around 
a combination of leadership and contracts, which are blessing it. Once they bless it, the IT teams 
will fire up the micro sites and the website to which this demand will be generated. There's a lot 
of setup and groundwork that needs to be done to get these B2B partnerships on the way. 
 
On the previous question, we expect to use this financial year to form these B2B partnerships. 
Execution and demand generation from these partnerships will begin in earnest in the next 
financial year. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Have we not done any work in the first year of acquisition, or are we moving slowly, because 
two years in a world where everything is moving fast? 
Rahul Arora: 
There is a need to understand the domain and the overall construct of the market. I described 
already that without AJE, the Research Solutions business is growing at 10% -15%. I don't think 
MPS has ever been slow at anything. We have had a strong track record over the last decade. I 
don't think we are slow movers at all. It is a function of developing capability, a function of the 
customer entering a partnership. Remember, these are not client-vendor relationships. These are 
partnership agreements. They take time to set up and require sometimes even Board approval 
from the customer side. It requires an understanding of the nuance of the setup. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Darshit Surti with Girik Capital. 
Darshit Surti: 
In your P&L, in the other expense line item, it has grown by 3% on a Q-on-Q basis. Can you 
elaborate on, like, which line item has impacted and what has caused it? 
Rahul Arora: 
Sure. I'll just bring Prarthana, our CFO, in to answer the question about why other expenses have 
gone up. 
Prarthana Agarwal: 
The other expenses have grown by INR 3.76 crores on a Q-on-Q basis. The increase is largely 
on account of the outsourcing cost by INR 2.8 crores, which is in line with business, and another 
INR 1.8 crores on account of hosting costs, which is largely our cloud and hosting costs for our 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Platform and Journals business. This overall increase was compensated for by a decrease in 
marketing costs and overall translation costs. So, there's a net increase of about INR 3.76 crores. 
Darshit Surti: 
Will this cost stay in this range going ahead? 
Rahul Arora: 
As Prarthana was explaining, if you look at the side of the business that has grown, the Education 
business has grown significantly. As a result, outsourcing related to the Education business, as 
well as the standalone Research business, has grown. So this is in line with the revenue growth 
minus AJE. So, yes, this will continue in terms of this level. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Jai Chauhan with Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Jai Chauhan: 
How are the conversations around AI impacting client budgets? Is AI being viewed as a tool for 
cost savings, leading to pressure on pricing, or as a value-added service that commands a 
premium? Can you give more insight into the same, please? 
Rahul Arora: 
We are seeing AI in terms of engagements in two ways. One of the more dominant ways is to 
drive operational efficiency, where essentially turnaround times and throughput times of 
processes are managed earlier by MPS. 
 
There's much pressure to produce things faster as specifically in the Research business, where 
our customers essentially are subscription businesses. The more content they push, the more 
they can monetize. There's a much pressure on the supply chain to produce faster, and AI is an 
enabler that is driving that operational efficiency. 
 
So far, MPS, through MPS Labs and its deep domain expertise, has been on the right side of 
capturing market share and growth in the business. I was pointing out earlier, on the Research 
side, there's good, solid growth without AJE, and a lot of that growth is coming from volume 
growth from existing customers, which is largely to do with not just AI, but also automation and 
leaner workflows.  
 
On the Education side, the focus is more on product development and how AI can be unlocked 
in the development of products. That’s less about efficiency and more about differentiation, and 
that's being embedded into the workflows. Finally, as Archana described on the Corporate 
Learning side as well, our teams are using AI towards driving operational efficiency, which is 
basically showing up in the margin expansion that you see across the board. 
 
In terms of revenue streams, we are getting consulting projects where customers are asking us 
to advise them on how AI can be used in their workflows. We are getting good eLearning 
projects around helping the organization prepare for the implementation of AI, as well as 
gauging the organization’s work towards AI. So the majority today is to drive operational 
efficiency, which is helping us acquire market share, but also margin expansion. And some of it 
has much to do with new revenue streams that we have developed, but currently, the revenue 
streams are small. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ravi Nareddy with Nareddy. Please go ahead. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Ravi Nareddy: 
I have been a shareholder for the last 15 years. And in the last 10 years, you have so much 
confidence now than you had previously. Thank you very much for this nice pickup. Sir, is there 
any specific reason why this Corporate Learning volume is down 32%? 
Rahul Arora: 
I'll let Archana comment about the turnaround, she is orchestrating on the Corporate Learning 
side. But essentially, we have intentionally started to turn around the Corporate Learning 
division. We planned to turn the whole thing around by Q1 and start to see some revenue growth 
through Q2. We are possibly trending one quarter behind. But overall, margins have started to 
look better. Q2 margins look good, too, and things are operating fairly to plan. So, I'll let Archana 
comment and talk more about the Corporate Learning business. 
Archana Jayaraj: 
Continuing to what Rahul mentioned, during Q1, we had a threefold priority. The first was, of 
course, to continue strengthening our operational foundation so that we could continue 
expanding margins as planned. And in parallel, we also accelerated our innovation, especially 
around AI. We have built a suite of AI-powered learning tools that could also be offered to our 
customers in addition to enhancing our in-house operational efficiency. And the third is, we're 
also focused on a strategic growth opportunity, and we believe that this will have a significant 
upside in the quarters to come. 
Ravi Nareddy: 
Whatever target you give for 2028-29, is this 5 years ago, it is intact? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, absolutely intact and hoping to give strong guidance next quarter for FY'26 as well. I 
understand the shareholder base and everyone who follows MPS has now seen 6- 8 quarters of 
phenomenal growth, and this quarter appears to be a stutter. I had prepared to share strong 
guidance for FY'26 but my CFO encouraged me to be more conservative and wait another 
quarter. So next quarter, we'll also give guidance for FY'26. But overall, we are confident about 
this financial year. The muted growth in Q1 is limited to the decline because of AJE and the 
softness in the Corporate Learning business. But overall, bullish about Vision 2027 and 
confident about FY '26. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain with Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
You mentioned that you would like to come out with official guidance, probably in Quarter 2. 
But you also said in some other interaction, some other answer that ex of AJE, the business has 
already grown 10%. So you expect the AJE business also to post normalization into this growth 
trajectory. So, is it safer to assume that 10%-12% growth should not be a problem ex of AJE this 
year, and that should be the going forward run rate for the growth irrespective of the macro that 
we are facing? 
Rahul Arora: 
Correct. Our Education business segment, with respect to the macros, has been more favorable. 
If you consider our Education business segment, which has no acquisitions. The last acquisition 
that we did in the Education vertical was back in 2018 of TOPSIM GmbH. That business has 
almost grown by 60%. A lot of that has to do with the macro environment. Typically, in such 
macro environments, there's much of emphasis on Education, particularly higher education in 
the U.S., which has worked in our favor. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
Rahul Jain: 
What Prarthana said on the other expenses side, given that the nature of those costs is usual, so 
it's safer to assume that remains the cost of the run rate? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, correct. So those are in line with revenue growth. A large part of that was outsourcing and 
cloud costs, both have to do with the underlying revenue growth, so they have moved in the 
same proportion. 
Rahul Jain: 
Would this outsourcing cost be more pertaining to the Corporate Learning business or Education, 
Corporate, or Research?  
Rahul Arora: 
Education, Corporate, and Research, All three. Education would have the highest proportion of 
outsourcing. And then there's outsourcing in Research and Corporate also.  
Rahul Jain: 
In general outlook, if you could share in terms of what the trends are right now to drive the 
Research part of our business, which we have triggered the momentum in this offering? 
Rahul Arora: 
Three major drivers. The first driver is essentially the volume growth in the core. We used to 
call the core production business, where we are producing content for journals and books, and 
major reference works (MRWs). Because there's much pressure on our customers to produce 
more content, they're looking at scaled vendor partners like MPS that can deliver that content 
through a technological approach rather than a human approach. And therefore, we're able to 
execute that philosophy and deliver to the turnaround time and the quality levels, which you 
cannot deliver through a human approach. 
 
For example, you cannot produce an article that you get as a manuscript in 4 hours if you're 
using a human approach. Now, customers are talking about producing articles in 30 minutes. So 
that's the level of transformation we've seen in turnaround times. Turnaround times that used to 
be 30 days, first came down to 2 weeks, then they came down to days. Now we're talking about 
minutes. So as a result, volume is growing significantly, and therefore, we are seeing more 
market share expansion for MPS because our proprietary DigiCore platform enables most of 
that. 
 
The second type of growth that we're seeing is a brand-new revenue stream called Journal 
Editorial Office and Peer Review. This part of the value chain was never outsourced. It was kept 
in-house. This has gotten unlocked over the last couple of years in a significant way. Initially, 
this was outsourced to small companies, and then our customers realized that mom-and-pop 
stores can't deliver on the scale that they require, and now this outsourcing is moving more to 
organizations like MPS. So as of today, this is the fastest-growing part of our Research Solutions 
business. We have two customers for whom we are billing over USD 1.5 million for this work. 
We've added a third customer already, and gradually we'll scale to 20 customers through the 
course of the next couple of years. So the second lever is Journal Editorial Office and peer 
review, which is a brand-new high-growth revenue stream for MPS. And here, the solution 
offering is subject matter expertise. We're employing seasoned research professionals, Today, 
we have employed almost 200 PhDs that provide this kind of service to the publisher.  

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
 
And the third lever around the growth is through the acquisition of AJE. We now are also 
participating to service the needs of the individual researcher. Historically, this market was about 
solving a small problem of improving the language of a researcher’s paper. We are trying to 
leverage our expertise over the last 55 years in scientific publishing. We are trying to step up the 
value proposition to helping improve the likelihood of getting a researcher’s paper published. 
After improving, the chances of the researcher’s paper getting published, which includes not just 
improving the quality of the paper, but also improving the quality of the entire submission, which 
is beyond just the paper itself.  
So those are the levers within Research, which give us tremendous confidence that once AJE 
stabilizes that 10%-15% growth that we're seeing, it will continue to power forward. 
Rahul Jain: 
We saw this McGraw filing for IPO a few days back. We have earlier seen one of your largest 
customers going for an IPO.  So what explains the trend in this space? And does it directly, 
indirectly help our business because these are very mature businesses, but going public much 
later in their journey. Is there any development happening at their end that would directly, 
indirectly impact us? 
Rahul Arora: 
Both the customers that you mentioned are in our top five customers. Both events have 
significantly benefited MPS. In one case, there was a strong push on margin expansion, which 
is focused on STM, which we helped deliver to them through transforming workflows and 
automation. As a result, our business has done exceptionally well, and our maturity as a supplier 
has improved for them. So, revenue with them has grown over 20% between them filing for the 
IPO and actually the IPO happening. So, we saw remarkable growth. With the other customer 
that you mentioned, unlike the first customer, where the focus is on margin improvement, for 
the other customer, the focus is on product development and differentiation. If you see our 
education business grew at 60%, Education is a large reason for extensive product development 
in the United States. So because our customers are producing more product, and in the case of 
this particular customer is producing more product ahead of the IPO, it's resulting in larger 
spends with us. One of them has signed a 3-year agreement with us, i.e. volume agreement, 
which is leading to much of revenue growth for us. 
 
In terms of why IPO, I think historically many of these companies were family-owned for many 
years. They then went to private equity ownership, and after going through two, sometimes even 
three rounds of private equity backing, an IPO becomes the natural next step in their evolution. 
So it's been an evolution where family-owned businesses went to private equity or family offices, 
then they went to another private equity/family office. 
And then finally, the second or the third group has now listed the company for their exit. Most 
of these companies are performing well. Margins are higher or like MPS. Valuations, of course, 
are higher given that they're listed on exchanges in Germany and London. But yes, that's been 
the evolution from our standpoint. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Deepak Agrawal with Param Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Agrawal: 
The First question was on geographical concentration. North America is now 51%. Where do 
you see this settling? So is this a fair number, or could it still go further for North America 
specifically? 
Rahul Arora: 
The business segment that has the highest exposure in North America is the Education business. 
As the proportion of the Education business is increasing, North America is becoming a more 
important geography again. In Corporate learning as well, we're expecting the next wave of 
growth to come from North America.  We'll probably settle closer to 60%-65% from North 
America even as growth continues to kick in. North America revenue tends to be the highest 
margin revenue in the overall portfolio. So, yes, we had a bit of a change when we acquired AJE 
and Liberate, where a large proportion was Asia-Pacific, particularly China and Australia. 
Deepak Agrawal: 
My second question was on the number of clients billed. So we do see a substantial dip. That 
clients billed excluding B2C customers, so is it we are looking like-on-like or is it, say, 514 in 
Q1 FY'25 had those customers and now we don't have? 
Rahul Arora: 
Wherever we have unprofitable partnerships, we tend to exit them. So, we're disciplined in terms 
of making sure that whatever customers we are serving, those relationships are profitable.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhilasha Satale with Quantum AMC. Please go ahead. 
Abhilasha Satale: 
I have a question on the inorganic expansion. So, if you can just discuss your pipeline in brief. 
And lastly, as you have paid 95% of the dividend, then how are you expecting any inorganic 
acquisition to be funded through? 
Rahul Arora: 
The pipeline is robust. At any given point in time, we're always evaluating multiple deals. We 
have 3 deals that are at an advanced stage right now. We're hopeful that some of them or most 
of them will conclude this financial year. So looking forward to that. In terms of the type of 
acquisitions, we are primarily looking at Education as the market; these are the intersection of 
Education and Technology. And we're looking at companies that have at least USD10 million 
of revenue and at least 15% EBITDA margin and that have some tailwinds. So that's the kind of 
assets that we're looking at.  In terms of financing these acquisitions, unlike previously, our 
philosophy was to acquire and operate. In these cases, we're looking to invest and support the 
management teams and the promoters. We will most likely be acquiring a majority stake and not 
the entire company. The outlay will be lower, so it could be anything from 51% to 60% range in 
the first tranche. And in terms of cash and how we're going to fund this, obviously, there are 
cash accruals, also we are open to raising debt if that is something that we need to do. And we've 
stated before that we are comfortable taking on INR150 crores of debt (range).  
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
 
Abhilasha Satale: 
Whatever payback you would be looking for the acquisition, that will be in the range of that 2-
3 years, which you have been maintaining? 
Rahul Arora: 
With the distressed acquisition, you see a rapid payback in 2- 2.5 years. I would not call AJE a 
distressed acquisition; I would call it an acquisition that had financial and strategic upside, and 
that's why we pursued it. So AJE is trending towards 2. We think that these growth assets would 
be more like 3 to 5 years; essentially, we are acquiring a vehicle for future growth. So I don't 
expect these growth assets to have these 2-year type of paybacks. Distressed asset acquisitions 
are massive turnarounds and essentially, you're getting paid back to take that pain on. There is 
no pain here that we're taking on, and I don't think we'll be getting those 2-year payback-type 
assets anymore. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Arjun Balakrishnan, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
That's continuing on the acquisition pipeline. Can you give any idea whether it's going to be in 
the first half or the second half? 
Rahul Arora: 
No, that's forward-looking price-sensitive information. I can't share that. We are trying our best 
to close whatever we can this financial year. 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
The Second question I had was the stock; it is very liquid in the market. Today, you can see the 
reaction has been quite, the results have not been so bad for an adverse reaction. It's all down to 
liquidity. Is there a possibility of considering a split to increase liquidity? Otherwise, it's very 
hard to acquire more shares without being careful. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. We have discussed this earlier at the Board level as well. And the thought is clear that how 
many slices the pie has doesn't affect the size of the pie. MRF is a great example of a stock that 
was expensive. Again, the management team and the Board are entirely focused on improving 
the quality of the business and focusing on the earnings and the revenue. What the stock price is 
and those kinds of things are really what the market determines. We don't think of that as 
something in our control. 
 
Our focus is on building a compelling learning company of meaningful scale. We don't track 
short-term movement in the stock price. Our focus is entirely on building a resilient business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of the 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora 
for closing comments. 
 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you so much for a wonderful earnings call. We look forward to your active participation 
subsequently as well. We appreciate all your thoughtful questions. Your outside-in perspective 
always helps us to learn and improve. I want to thank all our stakeholders for their continued 
support and respect. Our journey together has been quite remarkable and looking forward to 
taking your confidence forward and supercharging the scale of this company. I look forward to 
your continued support, feedback, and partnership mindset. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of MPS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. No unpublished price-
sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
