 
                                                                                                                                            Date: August 14, 2025 
 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot 
No. C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: PARKHOTELS  
ISIN No.: INE988S01028 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 544111  
ISIN No.: INE988S01028 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on the un-audited 
financial results of the Company for the first quarter (Q1) and three months ended on June 
30, 2025 
 
Respected Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference 
call held with the Investors and Analysts on Monday, August 11, 2025, with respect to the un-audited 
financial results of the Company for the first quarter (Q1) and three months ended on June 30, 2025. 
 
The 
transcript 
of 
the 
call 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.theparkhotels.com/investor-relations/financial-information.html.  
  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
Shalini Keshan 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
Membership No.: ACS-014897  
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
SHALINI 
KESHAN
Digitally signed 
by SHALINI 
KESHAN 
Date: 2025.08.14 
17:48:02 +05'30'

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited 
(ASPHL) 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 11, 2025 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference 
call of Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh of CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
on Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Q1 FY26 earnings conference call. We 
have with us Mr. Priya Paul – Chairperson, Mr. Vijay Dewan – Managing 
Director, Mr. Atul Khosla – SVP (Finance) and CFO of the Company; and Mr. 
Rabindra Basu – Director, Investor Relations. We will begin the call with 
opening remarks from the management, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Ms. Priya Paul to make her opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Priya Paul: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of the Board and management team 
of Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels, I extend a very warm welcome to all of 
you to our Q1 FY26 earnings conference call.  
This quarter marks another step forward in our journey of shaping 
distinctive hospitality experiences and reinforcing our leadership in the 
boutique, luxury, and upper upscale segments. We have built a portfolio 
based on our vision of leadership through differentiation, creating brands 
that resonate strongly with loyal guests across India and beyond. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
In Q1, we strengthened our presence in the high-potential leisure 
destinations by signing an MOU to acquire and manage 4 properties in Goa, 
Manali, Shimla and Dharamsala. These additions will broaden our 
geographic reach and enhance our positioning in some of India's most 
sought-after tourism markets. 
Our investment in Mumbai, which was announced earlier, will result in a 
quick entry into this very important market. Our new projects in EM Bypass, 
Kolkata, Visakhapatnam, and Pune are progressing well, with key 
permissions in hand and design work almost complete. We continue to 
scale our asset-light side of the business across brands from the Zone By 
The Park, Zone Connect as well as The Park. 
The macro backdrop remains supportive, despite a few hiccups in Q1, but 
India witnesses sustained growth in both leisure and business travel, the 
supply and demand mismatch continues in the next few years. And in the 
meantime, infrastructure upgrades, tourism-friendly policies of the 
Government and rising consumer aspirations are driving demand across 
the country. These factors, coupled with our strong brand equity and market 
reach, place us in a position of strength to capitalize on the opportunities 
ahead. 
Looking ahead, our focus will be on executing our pipeline of strategic 
projects, deepening guest engagement through curated experiences and 
continuing to innovate across our portfolio. Our team is committed to 
creating enduring value for all stakeholders by staying true to our vision and 
mission.  
I am delighted by our excellent Q1 performance, delivered by our 
outstanding team across the country. Innovative food and beverages, 
industry-leading occupancy at 92% continue to be the cornerstones of our 
success. None of this would be possible without the continued support 
from our team, our customers, partners, and shareholders. Thank you all. 
I now hand this over to Vijay Dewan, Managing Director of our Company, 
who will take you through the performance of Q1. Thank you very much. 
Vijay Dewan: 
Thank you, Ms. Paul. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome 
to all of you. We truly appreciate you joining us on today's earnings call. On 
behalf of my entire leadership team, I would like to express our heartfelt 
gratitude for your continued support and belief in our vision. Your 
confidence continues to energize our journey. And today, we are pleased to 
share our quarterly performance and meaningful progress on multiple 
fronts.  
We have commenced FY26 on a very strong and encouraging note, and 
thanks to the dedication and commitment and hard work of our teams, we 
have delivered an extraordinary and best-ever Q1, setting a strong 
momentum for the year ahead. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
At the operating level, the Company recorded a topline growth of 14% and 
an EBITDA growth of 16%. We recorded India's highest occupancy of 92% 
and maintain our leadership in RevPAR in the upper upscale segment. 
During the course of the quarter, ARR improved by 13% and RevPAR 
increased by 12%. Powered by accelerated increase of close to 600 rooms 
which includes 41% increase in the asset-light side of the model, a 
nationwide Flurys rollout, we are now set to scale faster, protect and 
improve our margins and deliver exceptional shareholder value. 
Our flagship properties, starting with Calcutta achieved full occupancy of 
100%, while Chennai posted 95% and both Navi-Mumbai and Bangalore 
recorded occupancies of 93%. This performance is a testament to our 
consistent 
focus 
on 
service 
excellence, 
operational 
efficiencies, 
differentiated hospitality offerings and customers loyalty. 
FY26 will see addition of close to 600 rooms, 411 rooms in the asset 
category of management contract, 147 rooms in leased category and 31 
rooms in the ownership category. Total number of rooms will increase from 
35 hotels with 2,394 keys to 50 hotels with 2,983 keys in line with our vision 
of 50 hotels by 2025. These additions aided by organic growth will lead to 
sustained high double-digit growth in both revenues and EBITDA. 
Our balance sheet is extremely strong with network standing at INR 1,297 
crore, ICRA rating remains stable at A+ and with deposits close to INR 70 
crore, the liquidity situation in the Company is extremely comfortable. 
FY26 will see conclusion of 2 strategic acquisitions, 80 rooms, Zillion Hotels 
& Resorts at Juhu for 90% stake at INR 206 crore to be concluded within 
this month and 31 rooms at Cochin at a cost of INR 62 crore to be concluded 
by the end of September. These 2 strategic acquisitions will strengthen our 
position, both in business and luxury segments. 
Our development plans remain on course. FY26 will see the launch of our 
EM Bypass Calcutta project in collaboration the with Ambuja Neotia Group. 
This development structured under a joint development agreement which 
will see ASPHL receive 55% of the project revenues. The sale of the 
residential apartments is expected to commence around the Diwali season 
this year, making the formal kick-off of the development. The total project is 
expected to generate over INR 600 crore in revenues with our share 
expected to contribute INR 100 crore per year over the next 3 years. These 
cash flows will be reinvested into the project, enabling us to efficiently 
progress towards our goal of completing both the residential and hotel 
components by April of 2028. With no capital investment beyond our 
historic land bank, the project is poised to deliver strong ROCE and emerge 
as a landmark asset in our portfolio. 
As you are aware, in the previous financial year, we launched 2 heritage 
palace properties, The Lotus Palace Chettinad and Ran Baas The Palace at 
Patiala. To share an update, The Lotus Palace recorded in ARR of close to 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
INR 12,000 in Q1 of FY26, while Ran Baas achieved an ARR of close to INR 
25,000. We expect ARRs at Ran Baas to improve further as the property 
stabilizes. 
Our iconic bakery and confectionery brand, Flurys, continues to expand its 
footprint steadily. As of June 30, 2025, we operate 102 outlets across 
formats, including flagship, cafes, kiosk, and tea rooms with recent 
openings in Darjeeling and Gangtok. We plan to accelerate store additions 
over the remainder of this year and into next, targeting 200 stores by 2027 
to coincide with the centenary year of Flurys. The expansion remains a 
strategic priority for us, aimed at broadening market presence and catering 
to a diverse customer base, while blending contemporary amenities with 
rich cultural heritage. In the coming quarters, we will continue to focus on 
opening high-margin cafe formats and driving store level profitability. We 
continue to target annual revenues of INR 1 crore for mature outlets, and 
we are encouraged by the traction achieved across recently launched 
locations. 
Looking ahead, our long-term strategy remains anchored in the 3G 
framework of growth, governance and green. Sustainability continues to be 
a core focus area for us with initiatives in water efficiency, carbon reduction 
and responsible waste management. 
As of June 30, 2025, 4 of our hotels are IGBC Green Certified, reflecting 
steady progress towards industry-leading green standards.  
The Company during the course of this year will be spending around INR 
15 crore in technology and AI to improve efficiencies and performance. 
Web check-ins, customer identity, chat bots, AI concierge are all under 
implementation. Flurys will have a new billing system and a loyalty program 
as well as self-ordering kiosks. AI based SAP SH4HANA ERP is also under 
implementation in our company for financial accounting, cost management 
and better compliances. We continue to invest further in our revenue 
management system, which now have generative AI to lead the market, and 
this has been our biggest strength to achieve high ARRs and high 
occupancies. 
As we progress through FY26, our business fundamentals remain strong. 
The development pipeline is advancing well, and our strategic road map is 
anchored in a prudent capital structure and disciplined execution. 
Having delivered sustained double-digit growth in FY25, we are confident 
of achieving high teen growth in both revenues and EBITDA in the years 
ahead, backed by resilient demand, improved pricing power, steady 
portfolio expansion in the premium luxury segment, and continued 
leadership in the upper upscale segment, we are well placed to capture the 
opportunities ahead. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Once again, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, customers, 
team members and business partners for their continued trust and support. 
Thank you.  
I will now request the moderator to open the line for questions and answers.  
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital.  
Archana Gude: 
I have a few questions. Firstly, on Flurys. I think we had given a number for 
Flurys addition of 50 on an annual basis earlier, and this has come down to 
40 outlets as per Q1 presentation. Can you help us understand what has led 
to lowering this guidance? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, not that we are lowering the guidance. The reason behind this, of 
course, for this year is to actually move away from kiosk to cafes. And 
obviously, the investment level has been kept at the same level, because for 
us the cafes costs more than the kiosk. So, in terms of the spend, in terms 
of the development, that remains the same, which adds up to 40 as per our 
planning for this year. So, we will open 40 stores as per the plan this year. 
And then we plan to open 60 stores in the coming year to reach the 200 
marks by 2027, which is the centenary year of Flurys. 
Archana Gude: 
So, you are saying, instead of having 50 each year, we will be having 40 this 
year and maybe 60 next year, right? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. So, what will happen is that the mix of cafes and kiosk is going to 
change more in favour of the cafes, and this will lead to actually higher 
revenues for us than by opening just the kiosk. So, this fundamental change 
has been done to actually improve performance and improve results. 
Because the cafes are more profitable to us and still keeping the costs within 
what was budgeted. 
Archana Gude: 
And on the sales part, if I look at the Flurys sales this quarter, there’s been 
healthy growth Y-o-Y, led by your higher stores. But when I look at it on a 
sequential basis, it has gone down by around 6%. So, what has really 
changed from the last quarter to this quarter? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. The growth in Flurys topline has been 42%. Currently, we have 102 
outlets. Most of the outlets, if you will recall opened, towards the quarter 3 
and quarter 4, and because of these additions, right now you are seeing 
42% growth in topline. But our store-to-store growth that is existing store 
growth is well above the 11% mark. In most of the stores and some of the 
tea rooms, the growth is as high as 15%. So, the same-store growth is also 
very strong, and tea rooms same-store growth is even stronger. 
Archana Gude: 
Sir, my question was more on a sequential basis, on Q-o-Q, in terms of the 
absolute number. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, on Y-on-Y basis, we did INR 16 crore last year. And this year, we have 
done INR 19 crore, because the quarter 1, again, as you know, in terms of 
the hospitality business, the hospitality business is very cyclic in nature. The 
best results come only in quarter 3 and quarter 4 during the festive season. 
But on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the growth has been 42% from INR 16 
crore to INR 19 crore. And last year, we had done total revenues of INR 64 
crore, and this year, with the opening of 40 outlets and organic growth, we 
expect the revenues at Flurys to be in the range of INR 85 crore to INR 90 
crore. 
Atul Khosla: 
Q4 and Q1 cannot be compared sequentially. I understand you are saying 
that the Flurys revenue of INR 16 crore this quarter is almost the same, but 
the growth will continue to come in. The INR 16 crore for this quarter should 
be compared with same quarter of last year, not with Q4 FY25. Q3 and Q4 
together account for about 70% of Flurys revenue, so they are not 
comparable with Q1. 
Archana Gude: 
Okay, right. You also spoke about the matured Flurys store generating INR 
1 crore net sales. So, how many such stores did we have in Q1 FY26, and 
how do we expect this to pan out, by end of FY26? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, FY26, as I said, we will be reaching about INR 85 crore to INR 90 crore 
and we should be heading for about INR 70 lakhs to INR 80 lakhs by the end 
of this year per store. And by next year, we are absolutely confident that all 
these stores will be in the range of INR 1 crore or INR 1 crore plus. Currently, 
we are at INR 60 lakhs, last year we were at INR 64 lakhs. 
Archana Gude: 
Correct. So, maybe one more on Flurys. When I look at the presentation, 
we have slightly reduced number of stores from Delhi, Bombay, and 
Hyderabad, while we have added a couple more locations. So, will we be 
changing the strategy for these markets, - Delhi, Bombay, Hyderabad? I 
understand you spoke about changing from kiosk to cafes and that’s why 
the number has lowered. But still, I mean, Bombay has been doing pretty 
well for us. And what was the thought process behind reducing the number 
of Flurys stores in Bombay? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. So, first thing is that Flurys has a national rollout plan, which begins 
now with Delhi. And Delhi, as you know, what is happening is that we are 
setting up a large commissary. This commissary is likely to be ready by the 
end of this year or early next year. Once this commissary is ready, we enter 
the city of Delhi. And in next year, the plan would be to cover the whole of 
North India. 
In the meantime, we are planning to open Flurys outlets wherever we have 
our existing hotels or from where we can supply from the commissaries, 
which are in existence at the moment. So, the plan is very robust, and it 
stays on course to expand very rapidly in North India. And then, of course, 
it has as an overall basis, a national plan. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Archana Gude:  
Sure, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Muley from Yes 
Securities.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question is on our 
immediate expansion pipeline, which includes 147 leased keys and 31 
owned keys. Can you give the breakup of asset-wise expected ARRs for 
these properties? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, for the 600 keys, which we plan to open this year, we plan to open 
roughly about 141 keys in Q2, 194 keys in Q3 and 254 keys in Q4, and this 
adds up to total keys of 589. So, we plan to open 14 hotels. 
Typically, in our Zone hotels, the majority of these properties are in Zone by 
The Park, and our second brand in Zone, which is Zone Connect by The Park 
which typically enjoys an ARR of INR 4,000 to INR 4,500 at the moment, and 
we expect properties to be in this range. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
So, all the leased properties will be opened under Zone or Zone Connect, 
that is what you are saying? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes, this is under our asset-light model of Zone and Zone Connect by The 
Park. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
All right. And what do you think will be the margins for these properties, 
given the lease rentals will be a part of your expenses? So, what kind of 
margins do you expect for these properties and their impact on the blended 
operating margins? 
Atul Khosla: 
Post these rental, we expect around 20% to 25% margins. But for the 
purpose of blended EBITDA, it will be pre-indexed. So, it should contribute 
about 30% to the EBITDA overall. Of this 30% EBITDA, 10% to 15% will be 
lease rentals. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
All right. So, 30% post index, operating margins for these properties? 
Atul Khosla: 
Yes, 30% to 35%. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
All right. And secondly, we have given a breakup of the expected ARRs for 
our owned expansion pipeline along with the projected revenue. The ARR 
projections are materially higher compared to the blended ARR that we 
have at the Company level. So, what is the reason we are expecting 
significantly higher ARR, - compared to our current ARR run rate across the 
metros? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, current properties, as you know, which are 1,101 keys are operating in 
the upper upscale segment in the boutique category. Of course, these 
properties are also getting upgraded as we are going along. But the new 
properties, which is about 1,035 keys are all coming in the premium luxury 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
category. So, that is why these ARRs are going to be much higher, and they 
will have a significant impact in improving our margins. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Got it sir. What is the Flurys operating margin for the quarter? 
Atul Khosla: 
Flurys has done about 8%, 9% in the margins. 
Vijay Dewan: 
Flurys margins are typically in the range... 
Atul Khosla: 
Post-IndAS is 2%.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Sorry, I missed the last part. 
Atul Khosla: 
9% is the pre-IndAS and post-IndAS is 2% to 2.5%. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Got it. Understood.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Good numbers in a bad quarter, with 10 days business disruptions. My 
question is regarding the renovation plan we have across hotels. What are 
the renovation costs for the marquee properties we have for next 2 to 3 
years? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, firstly, on an annualized basis, to improve our properties, we have a 
fixed budget of about INR 50 crore, and we will continue to be on cost to 
invest INR 50 crore on an annual basis to upgrade our existing properties. 
We have a cushion considering our very high performance, which is 92% 
to 94% occupancy. This gives us only a leeway to renovate about 70 to 80 
rooms. And we will continue to do that. 
That kind of focus will be there to renovate 70 to 80 rooms. This year, we 
have a similar plan. About 60-odd rooms are getting upgraded in our 
property in Kolkata. About 19 rooms are getting upgraded in Chennai, and 
about 14 rooms are getting upgraded in the Visakhapatnam. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saket Mehrotra from Tusk 
Investments.  
Saket Mehrotra: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question is can we get 
some sense on what the mix of revenue from management contracts was 
for the quarter? And how do we see this scaling up for the next 2 years? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Last year, we had done INR 19 crore on a YTD basis… 
Atul Khosla: 
And this quarter, we have done INR 4 crore from management contracts. 
Since we are signing more contracts, we expect this year to close at over 
INR 20 crore from the management contract division. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
Saket Mehrotra: 
Okay. And the growth plans that we have talked about, I mean, we are on 
track to achieve them as per the schedule, right? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Absolutely, the Company is absolutely focused in delivering the guidance, 
which it has provided for. We had given a very strong guidance, and we 
remain committed to achieving that guidance. 
Atul Khosla: 
So, we are going to do INR 20 crore and with the addition of this, which we 
are signing, that should contribute another INR 4 crore to INR 5 crore. So, 
we will end up at INR 25 crore, expected from the management contract 
division, including INR 5 crore in H2. 
Saket Mehrotra: 
Okay. And Mr. Dewan, in your opening comment, you mentioned the EM 
Bypass project would generate about INR 600 crore of cash flows, where 
you will be getting close to INR 100 crore a year for 3 years. So, when are 
you expecting the flow of this to start? Is it this financial year or from the 
next year? 
Vijay Dewan: 
This year, the way the residences sell, as you know, generally, in the first 
year, you take about 10% as the deposit fees. So, expecting our share will 
be around INR 30-odd crore this year, and then it rapidly moves up to INR 
100 crore per year. 
Saket Mehrotra: 
Understood.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Lodariya from Nirbhay Asset 
Management.  
Vivek Lodariya: 
My first question was, - beyond outlet count growth, could you share the 
latest average revenue per store for Flurys? Earlier, the timeline was to reach 
10 million per store annually, so what is the comment on that? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. So, we did INR 64 crore. So, it is a 2-year process at the moment. We 
are expecting to cross around 80 lakhs per store and then hit about INR 1 
crore per store sometime during the course of next year. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
In Q1 FY26, despite a full year plan for 40 new outlets, there was no new 
opening reported in the quarter. Could you share the main reason for this 
pause? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. We have opened actually 4 stores at the moment during the course of 
this quarter. We opened stores in Darjeeling, Gangtok, a store in 
Bhubaneswar and another store up North in Bengal. 
Also, at the same time, we have actually closed down 4 stores, because this 
is also part of our strategy that if we fail in a store, we kill that store fast to 
ensure that our margins remain the best. So, 3 to 4 stores have been 
actually closed in West Bengal. So, it looks that the number has remained 
the same, but it is not the case.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
Flurys expansion plan continues to be of opening and being present across 
all India. So, you will see larger openings very soon, and particularly in 
quarter 3 and quarter 4 as we come to launch our new commissary in Delhi. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
Okay. So, what was the key reason for those closures? 
Vijay Dewan: 
There have been low footfalls, and it appeared that we could start losing 
money in those stores. So, based on that, it will always be the plan that 
inefficient stores will have to close down. So, as we go along, there would 
always be in the range of 3% to 4% store closures will always be there. And 
then, of course, the expansion plan will continue as planned. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
So, those stores were making EBITDA loss? 
Vijay Dewan: 
You can't say that we are very careful about it. We do not want a store to go 
into an EBITDA loss situation. But if our analysis shows that the store is 
losing ground and then we tend to close it before it starts losing money. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
So, till FY27, we are committed for 200 stores? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes. We are also committed not only to 200 stores by FY27. We plan to open 
350 to 400 stores by FY30, that has been our plan for Flurys, and we are 
well on course to deliver that. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
This plan was very aggressive, what's your thought on that? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. But if you see our competitors also, they also have similar plans. In last 
year, Starbucks has been able to open about 60 stores, and there is no 
reason that we will not be able to open a similar number of stores, which is 
in the range of 40. So, this is a very fast-growing industry. And we will be 
able to keep pace with our competitors. 
Atul Khosla: 
Our execution speed will further increase once the commissary in Delhi is 
opened, as we have already mentioned, that commissary can supply all of 
North India. So, that's why it's 40-60, once that's open, then it will increase. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
So, how do we finance these new store openings, via debt or internal 
accruals? 
Atul Khosla: 
Flurys expansion is mainly through internal accruals. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
Okay, thanks. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, as we explained in the last investor call also, our total capital outlay over 
the next 5 years is about INR 1,700 crore. And during the course of this year, 
we plan to spend roughly about INR 300-odd crore. In terms of the 
acquisition as well as the development plans of Flurys as well as internal 
development, IT, so in total, we plan to spend INR 300 crore this year. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
And overall, over the 5-year period, we plan to spend about INR 1,700 crore 
and INR 300 crore, of course, we get back from the sale of the apartments. 
So, net expansion plan would be around INR 1,400 crore. And that we 
should be able to sort of definitely meet through our EBITDA forecast for 
this year as well as growth in EBITDA over the coming years. 
Vivek Lodariya: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique.  
Vikas Ahuja: 
My question is just going back to this Flurys plan we have for FY25-26. Now 
we are calling for 40 new openings versus 50 last quarter. So, this is net of 
the closures? Or this is the number we are going to add and if there are like, 
let's say, 5, 6 closures during the year, so the net number would be 33, 34? 
Because if I look at first 4, 4.5 months, we have added only 2. So, just trying 
to figure out how we will achieve this target? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No. So, this number is going to be the net number. It is not a gross number. 
So, stores are already being identified, work is going on, and the work is 
progressing as per plan. As far as the setting of the commissary is 
concerned at Delhi, and we should be on course to deliver a number. And 
it is going to be a net number. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Yes. So, just to clarify, in the next 8 months, we are going to add on a net 
basis, 38 more to reach 140 as a total number? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Thanks, this is helpful. And secondly, we have added in terms of our 
development pipeline for lease hotels now, we are talking about 441 keys. 
So, can you explain this increase, where we are kind of adding, sorry, if I 
have missed it in the presentation. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, we are actually going to add during the course of this year, 589 keys, 
out of which 411 are going to be on the asset-light side of the model. 147 
keys are coming in the lease model, and 31 keys are coming in Cochin on 
the ownership side of the business. These properties are opening in Patna, 
Goa.  
Total 589 keys are opening in Patna, Goa. Goa, in fact, 3 properties are going 
to open. Dharamsala, Manali, Shimla, another property in Calcutta, which is 
other than the properties we have. We have Katra in J&K, Gangtok, Malabar. 
Malabar is going to be the ownership property. Darjeeling, Lucknow, Jim 
Corbett, and Gangtok. Gangtok is actually going to see 2 properties, 1 
opening in quarter 3 and 1 opening in quarter 4. 
So, a total of 14 hotels are going to open with 589 keys. And we still have 
time to sign more keys in the remaining part of the year. So, that is why I 
said that we should be able to open close to or above 600 keys during the 
course of the year. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Raman KV from Sequent 
Investments.  
Raman KV: 
I have a doubt with respect to the earlier comment. You said you will be 
opening around 589 keys, out of which 489 keys will be asset-light and 149 
keys will be leased, right? 
Vijay Dewan: 
411. 
Raman KV: 
411 will be asset-light, 149 will be lease model? 
Vijay Dewan: 
147 is leased and 31 is ownership. That makes it 589. 
Raman KV: 
Yes. My second question is with respect to the acquisition. You have 
acquired Zillion Hotels, a 90% stake, which has a hotel in Bombay with 80 
rooms. So, I just wanted to understand what's the revenue potential, - and 
how much revenue the hotel did in FY25? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, firstly, this deal we have signed binding MOU for the acquisition of 
Zillion Hotels & Resorts. Currently, it is 60 service apartments, not 
residences. This will be converted into a 80-room, super luxury, boutique 
hotel. It will have 80 rooms and suites, and it will have, of course, a rooftop 
bar and restaurant, and an all-day dining restaurant, this is how the plan is 
for Zillion. 
Currently, we are acquiring 90% stake for INR 206 crore. And we plan to 
spend about INR 60-odd crore for the refurbishment and development, and 
renovation of this hotel. So, as we acquire this hotel, as it comes to us in 
the month of August or beginning of September, then we start the process 
of renovation, and we should be able to deliver this hotel to all of us by H2 
of next year. 
Our stabilized year of forecast for this property, that is not next year, the 
year after that would be somewhere around INR 60 crore and giving EBITDA 
margin of anywhere between INR 24 crore to INR 28 crore in the stabilized 
year of operation. 
I do expect this property to give somewhere around INR 20 crore to INR 25 
crore next year and add about INR 6 crore to INR 7 crore to the bottom line 
in the first 6 months. And I would consider 27-28 to have stable 
performance for this property. It will open certainly next year, and it will have 
a strong opening, but it should stabilize in 27-28. 
Raman KV: 
So, my understanding is that INR 60 crore, once you are done converting 
this property into a luxury hotel, you will get an additional INR 60 crore of 
revenue with a 24% margin? That will be in FY28? 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, no. I am not saying 24% margin with INR 60 crore. I should be able to 
get roughly about 40% to 50% margin, yes, INR 24 crore to INR 28 crore 
would be my EBITDA to start with. And then, of course, as we move 
forward, this is a high ARR market. The current ARRs in the market are in 
the range of INR 18,000 to INR 20,000 and there is no reason we will not be 
able to achieve those ARRs. And in fact, with the positioning we will take, 
we should be able to actually command a much higher premium. 
Raman KV: 
So, the peak revenue potential is INR 60 crore? 
Vijay Dewan: 
No, no. The revenue potential of the property would be not less than INR 
80 crore at current market trends of INR 18,000 to INR 20,000 ARR. And 
then, of course, don't forget that we run one of the best bars and night clubs 
in the country. We do the maximum business in terms of F&B. We do not 
expect the revenues, in fact, to be less than INR 10 crore on the rooftop bar. 
In fact, it could surprise everyone by doing more than INR 12 crore. And in 
terms of the restaurant itself and conference facility, it will have limited 
conference facility, we should be able to add another INR 10 crore. So, all 
in all, the property will have a potential on the F&B side as well. So, as a 
result of that, the overall potential should be around INR 80 crore to begin 
with, and of course, then it will move on with organic growth. 
Raman KV: 
And with respect to the second acquisition, one is the Malabar House at 
Fort Kochi and another one is the Purity at Lake Vembanad. In the 
presentation, it's mentioned that the total cost of acquisition is INR 62 crore. 
Is it inclusive of both Purity as well as Malabar House, or only for Purity? 
Vijay Dewan: 
It is for both the properties, and this is a very high-end luxury resort hotels, 
they are part of the Relais & Chateaux Group, which is the marketing 
Company and which is highly prestigious in the hospitality business to be 
part of the Relais & Chateaux, which is the elite luxury group. This property, 
the Malabar is already Relais & Chateaux Hotel. In fact, our hotel in Patiala, 
the Ran Baas The Palace is also a Relais & Chateaux Hotel, which 
automatically guarantees very, very high ARRs from their own booking 
engine, and also provide for a very high positioning of the property in the 
upper luxury segment. 
Raman KV: 
Yes, also coming to that point, my understanding is this will add around 31 
keys by second half of this year or next year? And what's the peak revenue 
you are expecting from this acquisition? 
Atul Khosla: 
This year, the peak revenue expected once stabilized after the takeover, 
which could be next year, or the next few years is expected to be around 
INR 20 crore. 
Raman KV: 
INR 20 crore next year, so INR 10 crore this year, right? 
Atul Khosla: 
INR 10 crore may not come this year as in the takeover year the focus is 
mainly on stabilization. This year it could be INR 8 crore. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, adding back to this, all this which is coming up the 600 rooms, which 
includes 31 rooms at Cochin, the stabilization of our Palace hotels, we are 
very confident that the guidance, which we have given we should be able 
to achieve. 
Raman KV: 
And just a follow-up on this. You said this is a very luxury hotel. So, even 
this has a higher EBITDA margin of about 40%, 50%. So, this acquisition 
will also help in driving our consolidated EBITDA margin, right? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Correct. Absolutely correct. The Palace Hotels as well as these 2 hotels in 
Cochin are going to significantly add to the EBITDA margin, this year as well 
as we go along, 40% to 50%, yes. 
Raman KV: 
And how are we funding this INR 300 crore worth acquisition, like including 
both the acquisitions? 
Atul Khosla: 
We have just explained that. In our 5 year plan, we have got Pune and 
Mumbai. Pune is 200 rooms. This year, we have about INR 300 crore 
requirement, and our current mutual fund balance is about INR 70 crore. 
Second, we are also going to have the balance, with expected turnover 
increase to INR 250 crore plus. So, that is the current EBITDA. 
So, given this and the existing limits of the Bank, we have about INR 25 
crore pending. So, we can easily fund it from these sources. This includes 
INR 70 crore from the mutual fund, INR 30 crore from available loan balance 
plus a possible combination of mutual fund and loan. But net debt will 
remain positive. 
Raman KV: 
So, my understanding is you won't exceed INR 100 crore net additional 
debt, right? 
Atul Khosla: 
When you say standalone, yes, we will not exceed INR 100 crore net debt, 
but I am saying net debt will still remain positive. Net debt is zero, post 
mutual funds. 
Raman KV: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sarthak Awasthi from Sea Funds 
India Pvt. Ltd.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is on the Flurys 
part. So, my question is about margin sustainability for Flurys. The 
competition is also adding stores, and some e-commerce players have also 
started their own cafes. So, how are we going to sustain margins? I get it, 
we will get the topline growth, but how are we going to sustain the margins 
and how will we come up against this competition? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, Flurys, firstly is in a very, very unique position. It is a combination of 
coffee, confection, and celebration, which is a very unique positioning for 
Flurys. It has a very long heritage. It completes 100 years in 2027. So, it is 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
one of the most powerful brands in India in terms of its position at the 
moment. 
So, the brand itself should be able to have a very strong pull in achieving 
firstly, the topline growth. And there is no substitute in the world in terms 
of business to topline growth, that itself will lead to our forecasted EBITDA 
margins, which are in the range of around 15%. 
Yes, there is competition, but Flurys is a very, very powerful Indian brand. 
Yes, it should be able to compete with all the international brands which are 
coming. Don't forget that at this point of time, now as well as over the next 
5 years our per capita income is increasing from about close to $2,900 right 
now to about $5,800 over the next 5 years. And that will obviously have an 
impact in terms of per capita spend, which will substantially increase. 
Also, India is today almost 60% of our population is in the millennial and 
Gen Z categories. So, the habits are completely changing. It's moving all 
towards coffee and also towards going out and meeting out and 
companionship. So, all this is going to drive the business. 
Also, the confectionery and coffee business, these business, particularly the 
cakes and confectionery and bakery business is among the fastest-growing 
business in the retail segment. 
And this business is growing very rapidly at the rate of 18% to 20%. 
Currently, itself, this business is in the range of INR 18,000 crore to INR 
20,000 crore, and it's expected to double over the next 5 years. So, all this 
competition would be there, but India is a very, very large market. India, 
also a very young market. And with changing habits, we should be able to 
grow faster and also protect and deliver higher margins. 
Sarthak Awasthi: 
Thanks, that was very helpful. My second question is, - on what percentage 
of repeat customers does Flurys have? I mean if you can give any sort of 
example of that aspect. 
Vijay Dewan: 
I would not have the exact data for Flurys in terms of repeat customers. Yes, 
it is very high in Calcutta. I would source this data for you and give it to you. 
Sarthak Awasthi: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Divyam Doshi from Family Office.  
Divyam Doshi: 
How do margins compare between your owned, leased and managed 
portfolios? And where do you see the fastest growth coming from? 
Atul Khosla: 
The fastest growth always comes from the owned properties. As we add 
new properties, in the luxury segment, such as the Juhu property and Kochi 
property, and the EM Bypass, Pune and Vizag. We have given ARRs which 
are very high. So, they take you to the next level of ARR and also justify how 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
we are going to shift ARR from the upper upscale segment to the luxury 
segment, which will give a substantial margin. 
In terms of leased properties, ARRs will be in the range of around INR 4,500 
to INR 5,000. But here, for these 4 leased properties, we expect stabilized 
revenue next year, roughly about INR 20 crore on which we would expect 
minimum 40% to 50% GOP level. EBITDA margin will be roughly 20% to 
30% net of lease rentals. So, that's there. 
In terms of management contracts, all these properties will give roughly INR 
60 crore to INR 70 crore in topline revenue, after which about 5.5% to 6% 
will be management fees of which about 70% will flow through to the 
EBITDA margin. 
Divyam Doshi: 
And could you detail the capital allocation priorities for FY26 and FY27, 
given the ongoing acquisitions, renovations, and development pipeline? 
Atul Khosla: 
Yes. So, for the current year, estimates are around INR 300 crore, with 
roughly INR 160 crore towards the Juhu property, INR 300 crore this year, 
INR 300 crore roughly next year. INR 600 crore will be going towards the 
Juhu property, which will be about INR 206 crore, and around about INR 60 
crore towards the acquisition. We also estimate INR 50 crore for the EM 
Bypass, and Vizag. Pune will be INR 75 crore. Then Kochi will need INR 60 
crore. In EM Bypass, we will also have net cash inflow of about INR 140 
crore next year, so, that will be subtracted.  
By that time, we also have a CAPEX target for properties, with average 
refurbishment of INR 50 crore annually, INR 100 crore over two years, and 
Flurys will be about INR 70-80 crore. So, in that way, now you can say that 
the INR 600 crore figure I mentioned earlier is the breakup I have just given. 
Now funding comes through EBITDA, even if I take last year or current year 
expected target, it will be more than INR 500 crore to INR 550 crore is the 
EBITDA, INR 560 crore is round about EBITDA. So, it's covered through that.  
My current mutual fund balance is INR 70 crore, lines of credit for short-
term available is also INR 25 crore, taking the total to INR 100 crore. If 
required, we may take some short-term lines of credit, hedged against 
EBITDA of roughly INR 250 crore. And next year, if I add, it will be around 
another 20% addition on that. So, we are comfortably hedged through 
EBITDA, but if growth is accelerated, we may push up the growth some line 
of credit. 
Divyam Doshi: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Anil Kumar Sharma, an investor.  
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My question is, as you are saying, 200 
Flurys will be there by the end of next year. So, after 200, what will be our 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q1 FY26 Earnings Call  
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
net profit margin? What do you expect from those numbers after 200 outlets 
are stabilized? 
Vijay Dewan: 
We expect the margins to be always in the range of 12% to 15%, because 
this is considered to be leading margin. And we are all the time working to 
give to our shareholders, leading margins in this business. So, as we said 
that we are going to stabilize the Flurys business for each outlet, our goal is 
that each outlet must deliver a minimum of INR 1 crore. And we are working 
towards this. Last year, we had roughly about INR 64 lakhs, so we plan to 
take it midway during this course of this year. And that by next year, we 
should be able to deliver INR 1 crore per store. So, INR 200 crore, we should 
be able to give 12% to 15% on the EBITDA margin. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
EBITDA margin, right? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, thank you so much. I would like to thank everyone for attending this call 
and for showing interest in Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels, I hope we have 
been able to answer all your questions. Should you need any further 
clarification, would like to know more about the company, please feel free 
to reach out to us or to CDR India.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Disclaimer: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription 
errors. While the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors. Efforts have been made to ensure a high 
level of accuracy, and any figures that may have been inadvertently 
mentioned have been reviewed and corrected as necessary. 
 
