 
 
 
 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Security Code: 532892 
    
National Stock Exchange of India Limi
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: MOTILALOFS 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Investor(s)/Analyst(s)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
This is with reference to our earlier letter dated July 18, 2025 regarding Intimation of Earnings 
Conference Call (“Con-Call”) with Investor(s)/Analyst(s) held on July 25, 2025 to discuss 
financial performance for Q1 FY 2025-26.  
 
In this regard, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) (as amended from time to 
time), please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the said Con-Call for your reference. 
 
The aforesaid transcript of the said Con-Call is made available on the Company’s website i.e 
https://www.motilaloswalgroup.com/Downirvirdir/351842528Q1FY26.pdf  
 
Further, we hereby confirm that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared or 
discussed during the said Con-Call.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
 
Kailash Purohit 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: as above. 
Kailash 
Chunnilal 
Purohit
Digitally signed by 
Kailash Chunnilal 
Purohit 
Date: 2025.08.01 
15:55:37 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
August 01
, 2025
 
 
 
This document is a transcription of the conference call conducted on 25thJuly 2025. 
Click here to listen to the original audio.  
For past recordings Link, transcripts Link, Investor Presentation  
 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
Please contact  
Dear Sir/Madam,
 
 
 
 
July 18
 
2025
 
regarding Intimation of Earnings 
Conference Call 
(“
Con
-
Call
”)
 
with Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
held 
 
July 
2
5
 
to discuss 
financial performance for Q
1
 
FY 202
5
-
2
6
. 
 
 
In this regard, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
With more companies getting listed, the overall virtuous cycle benefits all 
of our businesses. In our Chairman’s statement of our FY25 Annual Report, we 
highlighted that there is a potential of another ₹150 trillion Market Cap which 
can be created if the large Unlisted companies goes public, which in turn is 
a big opportunity for all our businesses. This, apart from financialization 
of savings is a megatrend, which will continue to serve as a tailwind for all 
our businesses. 
 
Our focus in the interim continues to increase share of our fee-based and 
trail-based revenues, which will be driven by the asset management business, 
the private wealth business, the distribution business and the lending book 
growth. 
 
Turning to the broader numbers: 
 
 
During the quarter, we have crossed a major milestone by servicing more than 
13.6 million customers, comprising 8.6 million+ unique mutual fund portfolios 
and 5 million+ unique broking accounts. 
 
Our assets under advice crossed ₹6.5 lakh crores, growing by 28% YoY. 
 
Annual recurring revenues as a percentage of net revenue now stands at 52% in 
Q1FY26. 
 
Our fee-based revenue contribution to total revenues increased to 44%. 
 
Net worth increased by 28% YoY to ₹12,537 crores. ROE stands at 48% for the 
Q1FY26 (annualised). Our decadal net worth has compounded at 24% after paying 
out dividends consistently & doing 3 buybacks, and our decadal average return 
on equity is over 22%. 
 
Segmental Performance 
 
Turning now to our segmental performance, starting with the Wealth Management 
business.  
 
Wealth Management Business 
 
 
Our broking business continues to retain its leadership as a full-service 
broker. 
 
Our retail cash broking volumes (ADTO), at ₹3,179 crores in Q1FY26 implies a 
cash volume market share of a robust 7.1%. Our F&O premium market share stood 
at 7.9%.  
 
Total ADTO market share stands at 7.5%. We believe we are the largest broker 
in the cash segment. 
 
Over a long-term trend, our broking revenue contribution to total segmental 
revenues declined almost half from over 60% back in FY21 to just about 34% in 
Q1FY26. This happened due to greater focus on growing our distribution business, 
reflected in net flows, which increased many folds to ₹3,042 crores in Q1FY26. 
 
Consequently, the distribution book grew by 34% compounded from ₹11,032 crores 
in March'21 to ₹38,129 crores in June'25 and the contribution to total revenues 
from segment increased from 12% in FY21 to 24% in Q1FY26. We intend to further 
increase the revenue share of the distribution business within our overall 
Wealth Management business and believe that the share of broking revenues will 
continue to diminish as a proportion of the overall Wealth Management business, 
like we've seen in our global counterparts over the last several years. 
 
The third part of the Wealth Management business is the NII, which grew by 12% 
YoY due to improvement in spreads. 
 
Asset and Private Wealth Management Business 
 
 
The AMC business continued its momentum with market share gains driven by 
continued strong investment performance. As mentioned earlier, we crossed a 
milestone of ₹1.5 lakh crores of equity AUM. Coupled with increasing 
distribution presence, gross flows in the first quarter witnessed a growth of 
59% YoY to ₹14,568 crores. Our current AUM stands at ₹1.51 lakh crores, which 
compares with an average AUM of ~₹1.35 lakh crores in Q1FY26 and an average 
AUM of ~₹1 lakh crore in FY25. So, we stand at over 50% higher AUM as we speak 
compared to the average of last year. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
We believe that continued strong market shares, both in the mutual fund and 
the alternate segment, closing in of the product gaps should all serve as a 
strong driver to our profit growth in the coming quarters as well. 
 
The net flows of the Asset Management business grew from ₹5,317 crores in 
Q1FY25 to ₹8,469 crores in Q1FY26. 92% of the AUM outperformed their respective 
benchmarks in past 12 months.  
 
We added 14 lakh SIPs in the first quarter. Our SIP flows in the first quarter 
stands at ₹3,437 crores. Happy to report that our monthly run rate of SIPs for 
the month of June crossed ₹1,200 crores. 
 
Our SIP AUM book stands at ₹26,051 crores as of June '25. Alternate AUM also 
registered a strong growth at 29% to ₹33,810 crores. Contribution of AMC in 
total profits of MOFSL has risen meaningfully in the last 2 years. And based 
on the current trends, we believe that this year also should mark a substantial 
increase in that share. 
 
Our PE business is amongst the very few domestic PE business, with strong IRR 
across all the 4 funds that we have launched ever since our inception back in 
2007. We also launched our fifth private equity fund with a target size of 
₹8,000 crores and completed our first close in a short spell of less than 2 
months, crossing 80% of the target fundraise. This is the fastest mobilization 
of funds done by this business. 
 
We also announced the final close of our real estate Series VI. Happy to share 
with you that we are the only player in this segment, which is at Series VI of 
a real estate fund. 
 
Private equity business currently has a fee-earning AUM of ₹10,185 crores. A 
substantial amount of carry, as we have guided in the past, will be realized 
at the fund close in the near future. 
 
With the launch of private credit vertical, we now address a higher TAM of 
customers for alternate funds. This will also accelerate the scale-up of the 
business in the next 5 years as existing products raise larger sums of capital 
in every subsequent series and new product launches increase our bouquet of 
offerings. 
 
Turning to our Private Wealth Management business, momentum continue to be 
quite strong on top of a very strong FY25 that we had reported. In Q1FY26, we 
had a top line growth of 53% and with continued investments in manpower, our 
bottom-line growth was a robust 49%. 
 
Our UHNI and Family Office propositions, position us well to emerge as a 
leading player in the Private Wealth Management space over the next 2 to 3 
years. This is supported by experienced leadership as well as strong group 
synergies. 
 
Our current relationship manager base is at 615, and we expect improvement in 
the RM productivity as only 33% of our RMs have a vintage of over 3 years. 
 
The share of Private Wealth business increased both in FY25 as well as in 
Q1FY26. We expect this trend of faster growth led by higher RM base, more 
comprehensive proposition straddling UHNI as well as the HNI segments and 
several new offerings to continue going forward. We expect the share of private 
wealth in our total profits to also rise in the coming quarters and years. 
 
Capital Market Business  
 
 
During the first quarter, we reported the highest-ever revenues for this 
business on the back of strong deal flows in the previous quarters and strong 
execution during the current quarter. 
 
The IE business continues to increase research coverage as its fulcrum for the 
group. We have a strong team of 150+ employees in this business. The coverage 
of the research team is at 320 companies across 25 sectors, ~73% of the market 
cap, and we service 890+ domestic and overseas institutional clients. 
 
FY25 was a very strong year for the investment banking business, with doubling 
of revenues, and that momentum has continued into Q1FY26. We completed 16 deals 
during the quarter, cumulative issue size of over ₹29,500 crores, and our fee 
income delivered a robust 89% growth YoY. 
 
Our IB business was ranked number 3 in number of IPOs executed, number 5 in 
terms of the value of IPOs. This is a sharp improvement from rank 12 and rank 
21, respectively, in the last year. 
 
We continue to top the QIP league tables for the first quarter in terms of 
number of issues. As you know, we were number 1 in FY25 as well. We've 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
strengthened our team over the past few quarters across both of these 
businesses and continue to increase our research coverage in IE & our IB deal 
pipeline is the most robust that we've ever seen. 
 
Housing Finance Business  
 
 
We crossed the milestone of ₹5,000 crores AUM, up 22% YoY, led by sales RM 
force increasing to 1,430 RMs, up 50% YoY, which in turn led to disbursement 
growth of 57% to nearly ₹400 crores during the quarter. 
 
Our gross and net NPA stands at 1.2% and 0.6%, respectively.  
 
We expect housing finance AUM to double in the next 2 to 3 years. Our business 
has a strong capital adequacy ratio and low leverage, giving us enough growth 
levers without any external equity capital dependency. 
 
Treasury Investments Business 
 
 
Our total investments, including alternatives, grew to ₹8,853 crores, up by 
26% YoY. This book has delivered a robust XIRR compounded return of over 20% 
since inception and including reinvestment of cash flows, treasury investments 
have grown by 43% compounded over the last decade, implying it's up by more 
than 50x over the course of the last decade. 
 
We expect similar multiplier impact on the current book over the next decade, 
given the strong ROE of the operating businesses, a clearly defined payout 
policy on our operating profits and expected investment IRR. 
 
Outlook and Concluding Remarks 
 
 
MOFSL's net worth has grown nearly 10x between March 2015 and June '25 to 
₹12,537 crores, led by average return on equity of over 22%, average payout 
on operating profits of nearly 20%. We expect similar multiple over the next 
decade on the starting net worth due to the unique twin business model, which 
is explained once again in our earnings PPT. 
 
We are strengthening all the 5Ts: Technology, Talent, Training, Trust and 
Thinking big. Runway for growth is immense with strong double-digit growth 
expected in each of our businesses. Market leaders in many of our businesses 
are about 5-10 times our profits and AUM. We are focused on outgrowing the 
markets in each of these businesses, implying a strong and a big runway for 
growth for the group. 
 
We'll now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
 
Avinash Singh - Participant: 
 
A great set of performance across most of the segments, yet I will kind of try 
to focus on areas where I have some concerns. Your wealth management 
performance is good, but there has been a shift. Your distribution efforts are 
paying off and distribution has made up for anything that was kind of lost 
towards the brokerage or transaction revenue. Now here, given the kind of your 
pivot over the last few years going more towards a holistic wealth management 
for the mass affluent than really looking for transaction, Will this 
directional shift with this transactional or broking revenue going down and 
distribution continue to inch up, will it continue? Or slowdown in the 
transactional or brokerage revenue in this quarter gone by is more a market-
driven phenomena. So that's question one. 
 
Second is on housing finance. In the past, you have stated that your strategy 
going forward. But importantly the business this quarter seems to be not on 
very, very strong footing, some bit of an increase in credit cost and also 
some asset quality concerns are emerging. So, what is happening there? And 
what is the kind of strategic path ahead for that business? 
 
And thirdly, as we sort of speak based on whatever the kind of a pipeline, how 
is the year looking forward for the capital markets segment, particularly from 
the deal’s perspective? Because that is one segment where typically, a lot of 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
revenues are kind of transactional in nature and there is volatility. Some bit 
of a directional guidance on that deal pipeline will help us in terms of kind 
of estimating the numbers. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
 
Avinash, thank you for all your questions. Let me answer them in the reverse 
order. Starting with the capital markets business. We've seen a record 
performance in the last year. First quarter of this year has started on a very 
strong note. The initial deal execution for the second quarter of Motilal Oswal 
are quite publicly available. 
 
I think there are 4 IPOs closing in a space of 2 weeks' time that we are 
managing. We continue to be the leader in deal pipeline on the QIP front. Given 
the pipeline, I have no reason to believe that the coming quarters will be any 
weaker than the first quarter that we've reported, which has itself been a 
very robust quarter. So that's on the capital markets business.  
 
I'll come to the first question, and then Ajay can probably add as well. The 
trend of rising distribution income is something that we called out almost 
over 5 years back, and we have been sharing this metric year after year and 
quarter after quarter with you.  
 
The cross-sell ratios continue to remain quite low and there's an annuity 
nature of build-up of the distribution business unlike the transaction 
business, with higher cross-sell. We had explained this and I'll reiterate 
just for a minute. We now have a separate head for third-party products. Below 
him, he has 600 to 700 members strong team with regional heads. So rather than 
the existing broking RMs cross-selling third-party products, we now have 
dedicated team supplementing or supporting them. With the advent of account 
aggregator, I would only like to believe that this cross-sell ratio can 
multiply from here. There's a lot for us to learn from the global counterparts, 
but suffice it to say that this is a long runway. 
 
The other part that you must also not ignore is the NII part of the business, 
which has also been rising. We believe that we are quite under-indexed as far 
as the MTF book is concerned compared to our own market share in the F&O as 
well as the cash market, which stands at 7.5%. We are focused on that part and 
that is set to grow. 
 
We've explained that the broking business is hinged on greater retail 
participation, which we believe still can grow 3-4 times from here over the 
next couple of decades. The runway there is strong. All 3 parts have a strong 
runway, but we would like to believe that both distribution and NII can outgrow 
the broking business in the coming years. 
 
You talked about the first quarter strong distribution income. I highlighted 
during our fourth quarter con-call, and I repeat that the distribution income 
will have seasonality. As you know, the fourth quarter is the lumpiest on the 
insurance side. As far as some of the other line items in the distribution 
business is concerned, they too could be lumpy on a QoQ basis. The steadiest 
part is obviously the trail income, which only moves along with the mark-to-
market and the net new money that we add to the distribution book, which stands 
at nearly ₹40,000 crores right now. So those are the various elements.  
 
Ajay Menon, CEO, Wealth Management: 
 
I think Navin covered all the aspects in detail. As we know that the 
distribution AUM is still very small in the overall scheme of things when you 
look at our DP holdings we have got ~₹3 lakh crores of assets. Distribution 
AUM is just around ₹40,000 crores. We have a huge room to grow from here. 
 
At the same time, if we look at our broking business, through franchisee 
channel we have a huge scope. But that doesn't stop us from building on the 
distribution AUM. In the last few years, we have consistently seen steady 
growth in the AUM business. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
As Navin said, we are investing in a big way in terms of people, technology 
and building an overall trail-based book, which will be over and above the 
broking business growth. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah - CFO: 
 
On the housing finance question, over the last few years we have built very 
robust asset quality in this business. If you look at the new book that we 
have built over the last few years, which is almost about 70% of our AUM, the 
GNPA number on that book is only 0.6%. While overall GNPA number on a sequential 
basis is a bit increased, but that's also because of the seasonal nature of 
collections in the first quarter of every year, where you will see marginal 
slippage being higher. 
 
Our net NPA provisions coverage ratio stands pretty strong. We expect 
meaningful recovery of this GNPA number in the coming quarters. Overall, I 
think 1+, 30+ DPD if you compare on a YoY basis, all are lower. So that's how 
we are looking at the overall asset quality. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Ampersand 
Capital Investment Advisors 
 
Ashish Kumar - Participant: 
 
I have 2 questions. First, there has been a sharp increase in our employee 
expenses this quarter, 34% YoY and 23% QoQ. What is the reason for this? And 
how we should look at it in the coming quarters?  
 
And second question is in the Asset and Private Wealth Management, we have 
seen strong growth on YoY basis. But on QoQ, it is kind of muted. So, if you 
can give some more color on this, it would be helpful. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah - CFO: 
 
Coming to the people cost number, if you look at last 18 months, we have been 
continuously adding more senior talent across each of our business. The senior 
hires over the last 18 months have been 450+. Secondly, it also includes the 
impact of the increment which has happened on a YoY basis because Q1 generally 
reflects the full impact of the increments that we have in effect from 1st 
April of this year. 
 
Overall, given the strong performance of this quarter, the variable amount has 
been provided for to fully capture the growth for this quarter. That is why 
you would see that there is a marginal increase in the people cost to revenue 
ratio. But our margins have been very strong and stable at a ~50% PBT margin 
if you look at the overall last financial year and even the Q1FY26. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
 
With respect to Private wealth business If you see there has been a very 
substantial ramp-up in the H2 and Q4 of last year. As I mentioned, the Q4 is 
seasonally the strongest quarter for certain products and all of this has led 
to a very strong growth last year as well. This year again we have a robust 
50% top line and bottom-line growth in this business. 
 
We are seeing very strong tailwinds for this business and expect this business 
to continue to perform strongly in the coming quarters of the year as well. 
As I guided, this business is very under-indexed in terms of the headroom to 
grow. If you benchmark us to the market leader, you will see that there is 
almost 8x - 10x that is possible in this business and that's why we have been 
investing. 
 
I have guided in the past that almost 10% EBITDA margin sacrifices on the back 
of strong RM hiring, where only 33% of the RM base is of a vintage greater 
than 3 years. We see all of this continuing to serve as strong tailwinds and 
the headroom. Also, with the investments that we are making in the RM base, 
the growth will continue to be strong in the coming quarters as well. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Shalibhadra Shah - CFO: 
 
On the question of QoQ revenue growth on our Asset and Private Wealth business, 
Q4FY25 included the carry income. The revenue increase in comparison to the 
AUM, will be lesser in Q1FY26 because of the impact of the carry income included 
in Q4FY25 in our asset and private wealth business. 
 
Ashish Kumar - Participant: 
 
Just on the employee expense, if you can give some guidance for full year in 
terms of either percentage of sales or growth, it would be helpful. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
 
As far as the percentage of the revenue is concerned, you should assume that 
it will be at a similar level as the last year. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Hitesh Arora from Abakkus Asset Managers. 
 
Hitesh Arora - Participant: 
 
I wanted to get a better understanding on the PWM business. So, we've talked 
about the relationship manager’s vintage, employee expenses, etc. But on the 
client side, if you could elaborate what is happening? How many relationships 
have we expanded, matured, things like that or some interesting transactions 
that maybe we may be working on like we executed last year, if you could just 
elaborate a bit on that just to improve our understanding of the business of 
the PWM side? 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO, Private Wealth Management: 
 
From a PWM side, last year, same time, we had ~13,400 families and today, we 
have ~16,600 families. We've seen strong growth in terms of addition of 
families, and this is across the board, whether it is HNI families or UHNI & 
family offices. 
 
Like Navin mentioned earlier, we are still quite underpenetrated across the 
board. In the HNI business, it's more about coverage, adding talent across the 
country. Similarly, in the UHNI & family office business, we are very 
underpenetrated in terms of our share of wallet. There is a lot of headroom 
for growth in both businesses within private wealth. 
 
As far as the products are concerned, we are seeing increasing interest and 
offtake of alternate products in the UHNI & family office segment. Similarly, 
in the HNI segment, we are seeing a lot of interest in solutions. We currently 
have our Delphi set of products, which is essentially a fund of funds and fee-
based solutions for HNIs. So, in both areas, we are continuing to see interest. 
In the alternatives, we are also seeing a lot of interest in unlisted 
transactions, and there is a steady flow now. 
 
Moderator: Next question is from Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
 
Lalit Deo - Participant: 
 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, 2 - 3 questions. One, in the 
distribution income, both on the wealth management as well as on the private 
wealth management side. There seems to be a sequential uptick in the 
transactional distribution revenues. So just wanted to understand what would 
have driven those revenues in this way? And could you also give us a rough 
breakup like which are the key drivers for the same? 
 
Second was on the AMC business. In this particular quarter, the flows on the 
PE and RE segments were around ₹300 crores. But in the presentation, it's 
mentioned that in July, we have closed a fund. So how should one look at the 
overall net sales in the alternative side of the AMC business for the full 
year? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
And lastly, on the broking side. In the F&O side, it seems like that gross 
brokerage levels were muted in this particular quarter on a sequential basis. 
So, what would have led to those reasons? And how are you seeing the trend in 
the month of June and July? Those are the 3 questions 
 
Shalibhadra Shah- CFO: 
 
Coming to the first question – our distribution revenues across our wealth 
management business as well as private wealth business in Q1FY26 includes 
revenues on account of secondary market transactions on the private securities 
as well as alternatives. 
 
We had even guided over the last few quarters that there is a lot of focus in 
the alternative space, including co-investment as well as uptick in secondary 
transactions. That is one of the reasons where you will see the impact of 
those steps that we took to increase the revenues in Q1FY26 as well. 
 
On your second question on the PE/RE flows. While Q1FY26 includes ₹300 crores 
of net flows, but you would have seen the announcement that we already made 
that our fifth growth fund on our private equity side, which is IBEF V, with 
a target size of ₹8,000 crores. We have done the first closing at 80% of the 
target size. You would see the impact of the flows coming in the Q2FY26. Also, 
we have closed our Series VI of our real estate fund, the flows of which will 
also get reflected in the Q2FY26. Moreover, as Navin guided, in H2FY26 we'll 
do the first closing of our Private Credit fund. That is how we'll generate 
the flows in current financial year 
 
Navin Agarwal- Group Managing Director: 
 
Just to summarize versus the ₹10,000 crores opening AUM for this business, you 
will see nearly all of the ₹8,000 crores Series V private equity funds getting 
added. You will see a part of the ₹2,000 crores Series VI real estate fund 
getting added. Also, you will see a part of the private credit fund getting 
added. This should be one of the strongest years of growth, both in AUM as 
well as recurring fee income for this business, nearly doubling of AUM in the 
current financial year. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah- CFO: 
 
On the third question on the margin for the quarter, our PBT margin for the 
quarter is at 49%, which if you look at sequentially looks like a dip of 200 
basis points. We expect to maintain the margins we delivered previous financial 
year this financial year as well. This marginal dip is mainly because of the 
people cost, which I explained earlier in the call, on account of increase in 
the revenues, and the corresponding catchup in the fixed and variable people 
costs  
 
Lalit Deo - Participant: 
 
Sure, sir. Just on the F&O side, actually, that was the last question  
 
Shalibhadra Shah- CFO: 
 
On the broking side of the business, our focus has been on the cash side of 
the business. The F&O pie of the business is less than 40% in our overall mix. 
Our cash volumes growth has happened in the market as well as our market share 
has gone up. Bulk of the brokerage growth has come actually from the cash 
brokerage for us because of the increased focus on the cash side of the business 
over the last many years. On the F&O side, the increase has happened in the 
market share as well as in terms of the revenue, but that is lower than the 
cash brokerage surge. 
 
Ajay Menon, CEO, Wealth Management: 
 
Just to add to that, on the F&O side, we also had the full quarter impact of 
the expiries being reduced. On the overall market also, the volumes have come 
down because of the overall number of expiries coming down. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moderator: Next question is from Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh- Participant: 
 
Few questions from my side. First, going back to this employee expense number. 
And if I were to just kind of take out 2 of the businesses, which is private 
wealth and capital markets, it seems that the growth in employee expense on a 
sequential basis has been highest in these 2 segments. And obviously, when you 
look at the market competitiveness in terms of new talent acquisition or talent 
poaching that is going on in the industry, it probably seems that it is also 
highest in these 2 segments coincidentally. I wanted to get a more medium to 
long-term picture in terms of how do you see the competitive pressure shaping 
up in this segment? Obviously, a lot of new players are coming up, capital-
backed players are coming up. Is talent acquisition or talent retention going 
to put a significant pressure on the employee expense for, let's say, 
foreseeable future out there? 
 
The second question is going to be on the transactional revenue part. Now 
obviously, you mentioned that there are a lot of unlisted market deals are 
happening. Your numbers have also stacked up well over the last few quarters, 
especially this quarter also. I just want to get an idea of 2 things. What is 
the product rejection rate? Or how do you really source the product and kind 
of vet the product undergoes before really pitching it to the customer? And 
second is in terms of the pipeline of the product side or lumpy deals out 
there, can you give some color specific to your company? 
 
And last question is on the capital markets business side. Any color on the 
quantum of deal pipeline that you have? if it's 100% of that were to fructify 
over the next 1 to 2 years, what sort of uptick in revenues can we expect on 
the fee income side of the capital markets business?  
 
Navin Agarwal- Group Managing Director: 
 
As far as the employee cost pressures and the talent war in the private wealth 
and the capital markets business, Dipanjan, you're absolutely right. At Motilal 
Oswal, we have been very sensible about benchmarking on how we pay to the 
current workforce and the offers that we have made in the last 12 months have 
been at a much higher level compared to what we have done in the past. I don't 
see this abating, because the size of the opportunity itself is expanding very 
rapidly in both of these businesses. As you see, our overall margins are at 
the industry best in terms of the composition of the businesses that we have. 
If you compare us with the industry, our margins which is at 49% are very 
robust. We try to sensibly participate in terms of growing the team sizes 
across both of these businesses. So that is the first point. 
 
As far as the pipeline is concerned, I articulated that the deal pipeline 
visibility of the capital markets business is very robust, that the Q2FY26 
should be at least as good as Q1FY26. But making any long-term projections for 
this business is very difficult because the execution is entirely a function 
of the markets and if markets were to remain reasonable or robust, then the 
pipeline at least is in place to continue to have robust execution in 3Q as 
well as 4Q. Our book-to-bill ratio for this business is in excess of 2-3 times 
based on the revenues that we reported last year. That's why, you're seeing 
near doubling of revenues in the Q1 and continued strong growth in the Q2 as 
well. 
 
As far as the underwriting is concerned, the group has a very strong history 
of underwriting both in public markets as well as private markets. The vintage 
of our asset management company is over 2 decades, and the vintage of the 
private market practice is just a tad under 2 decades. Both the businesses 
have delivered a stellar track record of mid-20s or early 20s kind of a return 
over this long period of nearly 2 decades. So that is innate to the group and 
rejection ratios are obviously, as a consequence, quite high. Pipeline for 
this is quite strong and the coming quarters should continue to be reasonably 
strong. We don't call out any numbers of pipeline for this, but I think the 
visibility of continued strong growth in the rest of the year is also 
reasonable. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh - Participant: 
 
Got it. If I can just squeeze in one small question on the private wealth or 
maybe a little bit on the flows from the PMS and AIF or the real estate on the 
asset management side also. I want to get some color on this customer, 
especially in the PWM ex-PCG, which used to have more focus on the HNI and 
UHNI. Would this be more of generational wealth sort of personnel? Or this 
would be more tilted towards professionals or business people? I just wanted 
to get some sense of how is the sensitivity of primary markets or monetization 
events to incremental flows versus how much of it is more organic client 
tapping or new client acquisition? 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO, Private Wealth Management: 
 
Within the Private Wealth Segment, ex-PCG, the color of clients is - in the 
HNI segment it is professionals and in the UHNI & family office, it's business 
promoters. So right from SMEs, MSMEs, all the way going up to large listed 
company promoters, that would be the primary target segment. In terms of what 
drives growth, there is obviously a lot of organic growth because these clients 
keep adding to their wealth every year, and their current portfolio also keeps 
growing. But as far as the larger growth in the UHNI and family office segment 
is concerned, monetization plays a very large role. 
 
The intensity there has only been increasing, as you can see from all these 
IPOs and private equity transactions sell-out. I'm just alluding to what Navin 
said, if the market remains stable or robust, I think we continue to see very 
high growth in that segment. So, there is an organic growth of maybe 20% - 
25%, but the extra growth and our ambition to get to the leadership position 
will get determined by the kind of share that we can get in the incremental 
monetization events. I hope that answers your question. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee - Participant: 
 
A couple of questions from my side. Actually, I wanted to understand a little 
bit more on the product strategy in wealth and private wealth. So, some 
observations, in the wealth business, the broking income has come back very 
strongly while vis-à-vis that in private wealth, that pace of recovery is 
slower. What would be a differentiated strategy between the 2 segments in a 
period when the market was recovering. How do you address that? That is the 
first question. 
 
And second is in terms of the distribution income for the quarter. There is 
an impact because of seasonality from insurance business. But if you could 
give some breakup in the revenue growth from what comes from MF or other non-
seasonal channels and what comes from other segments which help us to 
understand this better? that's from my side. 
 
Navin Agarwal- Group Managing Director: 
 
We don't break down this. There's already so many layers of breakdown across 
all our businesses that we are publishing. As I mentioned to you, this could 
be volatile on a QoQ basis but on an annual basis, we see these trends to be 
improving. As far as the difference in the trend of broking business across 
our Wealth Management and Private Wealth Management, broking is the primary 
product for the wealth management business. There's also a lot more MTF that 
is supported there, which has probably less salience to market volatility or 
basically the continuity of that income is greater. Use of that is far less 
in our Private Wealth business, and it's also not a primary product. But we 
believe that these could be lead lags that may last for a quarter or 2. 
Eventually, both the businesses largely move in a similar direction like we've 
seen in the past few years. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee - Participant: 
 
Understood. I appreciate the fact that you don't want to give further cuts 
into the distribution income. But just wanted to understand, between last year 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
to this year, the growth between, Q1FY25 and Q1FY26, the growth has been 
phenomenal over this period. I wanted to understand that as far as the 
nonseasonal bucket, has the growth been equally stronger or better? Some color 
would be helpful to get for us to forecast maybe some ballpark. 
 
Navin Agarwal- Group Managing Director: 
 
I had explained this in great detail last quarter also, but I'll repeat. The 
only new kid on the block really is secondary bonds as well as equities. That 
is something that we were under-indexed on. Both of those have seen an 
improvement over the course of the last 3 quarters, and if you see second half 
of last year and first quarter of this year, we have seen improvement. My 
guess is we are still under-indexed on both. So, the trend could continue to 
be strong in that part of the distribution income. 
 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Pooja Jain from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
 
Pooja Jain – Participant: 
 
I just wanted to know a little on the technological side. What progress have 
you made on digital front like in both broking as well as wealth? Are you 
looking for any AI-based advisory or any hyper-personalization? And I also 
wanted to know the percentage of account openings and transactions happening 
through your mobile apps versus assisted channels. What is the percentage? 
 
Motilal Oswal, Managing Director and CEO: 
 
We have a huge of focus on technological initiatives. Our overall online 
transactions are around 75% to 80% of the total. We are the only unique player 
who have both the models, which is the digital model and also have advisory 
assisted model where advisers advise. Transactions still can happen online or 
offline based on the clients' convenience 
 
I think the next version of the RISE app is also live. Account aggregator is 
live. We have a lot of tools being done through AI. In the next couple of 
quarters, you will see a lot of new tools where actually voice and tech 
combination will happen and the clients will have the choice. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
Our tech spends are also rising YoY. If you look at tech spends, they are 
almost about 4.5% - 5% of our revenues. Even this financial year, we have a 
very healthy budget of almost about ₹250 crores to be spent on the technology 
initiatives.  
 
Pooja Jain – Participant: 
 
Just one more question. What's the current status and strategy for 
international fund product? 
 
 
Navin Agarwal- Group Managing Director: 
 
We've already ran out of capacity a few years back. We were the market leader 
and pioneers to launch NASDAQ and S&P 500 and bring them to India. Nearly 2.5 
years back this product stopped seeing any fresh inflows because we capped out 
our limit that has been set by the regulator. 
 
Having said that, some of our products are now available on GIFT City. It's 
only been a quarter and we've seen very strong traction there. We think that 
global funds flowing into India through GIFT City is something that may happen. 
 
On the private wealth side, we are trying to use a similar route for deployment 
of funds globally. But this is not a major mover for us currently. All of 
this, put together, is incrementally, from a delta perspective, trending to 0 
for us. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Rohan Advant from Prad Capital. 
 
Rohan Advant – Participant: 
 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just on the NII front, if I look at 
quarter-on-quarter, our NII has been lower. And even on a YoY basis, the growth 
seems to be lower. I thought you would benefit also from the drop in the 
interest rates on your NII. Was our average book maybe lower than the closing 
book? And what is the reason for this? And how would you guide for the rest 
of the year on this front? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
I believe you are talking about our MTF book on the wealth management business. 
On YoY, the book has been lower by almost about 9% - 10%. That is one of the 
reasons, for the NIIs being lower. However, the spreads have marginally 
improved YoY because our cost of funds have also come down. Cost of funds have 
actually fallen by 40 basis points on a QoQ front and 80 basis points on a YoY 
front. You will see the impact of the spread benefit also coming over next few 
quarters. However, sequentially, the book has grown and it is up almost 20%, 
in line with the growth in the cash volumes and our market share growth as 
well. You would see the sequential uptick of the NIIs in the coming quarters 
for the full impact of the growth, which has happened in the Q1FY26. 
 
Rohan Advant – Participant: 
 
Understood. Sir, so what you are saying is that the closing book has grown, 
but the average book has not grown because when I see NII this quarter versus 
last quarter, it is a lower number even under wealth management. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
Yes, that's right because bulk of the book growth has started from the month 
of June. You'll see that the average impact of that is yet to fully come in 
the NII. 
 
Moderator: Next question is from Shashi Kapoor from Dhauladhar Capital. 
 
Shashi Kapoor – Participant 
 
The question is, as you mentioned that we are on an uptrend and liquidity is 
doing fine in markets, and markets are also doing fine. How we are set for the 
next 2 - 3 years? What we are doing to ensure that we don't get much impacted 
as we have got impacted historically due to market correction. 
 
Navin Agarwal- Group Managing Director: 
 
As you may have noticed, the annuity and the trail bearing part of the revenues 
systematically has been rising to now a majority of the overall revenues. On 
the other hand, within the broking business, the volatility which you are 
alluding to, that part of the business is also now down within the retail 
broking business to 1/3rd of the overall revenues 
 
The share of third-party distribution, NII, asset management, private wealth 
and private equity & real estate business have all risen materially. Our market 
shares in all our businesses in the last 3 – 5 years have gone up. 
 
I explained to you in my opening remarks that across all the businesses that 
we are in, the runway to just catch up with the leader is 5 – 7 times. Each 
of those businesses are growing at very strong double-digit rates. We believe 
that this whole is the mega trend of financialization of savings. 
 
The huge gap between us and the market leader and our focused execution to 
close that gap and with increase in trail revenues, annuity share of revenues 
and salience of asset management & private wealth businesses, I think all of 
this give us the confidence that the 10-year compounded profit growth of 30% 
that we've reported, all the tailwinds for the future is no different from the 
last decade. 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: Due to time constraints, we'll take that as the last question. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shalibhadra Shah for closing 
comments. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, I would like to thank every 
participant for attending the Q1FY26 con call. In case if you have any further 
queries, please do get in touch with our Investor Relations desk. Thank you, 
and have a good day. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, 
that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Please contact ir@motilaloswal.com for any queries. 
 
Disclaimer: The reader is requested to also refer to audio recording of the call uploaded on company 
website. Our conference call transcripts are edited to correct any grammatical inaccuracies or 
inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
