 
Energy Limited 
Regd. Office : JSW Centre 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
CIN: L74999MH1994PLC077041 
Phone: 022 – 4286 1000 
Fax: 022 – 4286 3000 
Website:  www.jsw.in 
 
                                                                                                                                               
 
                  
 
 Part of O. P. Jindal Group  
 
 
  
6th August, 2025 
SEC / JSWEL 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 533148  
Scrip Code: JSWENERGY- EQ  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Results Conference Call held on Thursday, 31st July, 2025 
 
Ref:  Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations)  
 
Dear Madam / Sir,  
 
With reference to the Results Conference Call held on Thursday, 31st July, 2025, to discuss the 
unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended 
30th June, 2025, and pursuant to Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith a 
transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same is simultaneously being made available on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Monica Chopra 
Company Secretary 
MONICA 
BRIJ KUMAR 
CHOPRA
Digitally signed 
by MONICA BRIJ 
KUMAR CHOPRA 
Date: 2025.08.06 
21:33:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“JSW Energy Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHARAD MAHENDRA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – JSW 
ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. PRITESH VINAY – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – JSW ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. BIKASH CHOWDHURY – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND TREASURY – JSW ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUDHANSHU BANSAL -- JM FINANCIAL 
 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the JSW Energy Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sudhanshu Bansal from JM Financial for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sudhanshu Bansal: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good evening, everybody. On behalf of JM Financial, I welcome you all 
to the conference call of JSW Energy to discuss the 1Q FY26 results. We have with us the 
leadership team of the company, led by Mr. Sharad Mahendra, Joint Managing Director and 
CEO; Mr. Pritesh Vinay, Director Finance and CFO; Mr. Bikash Choudhary, Head Investor 
Relations and Treasury. Thank you so much, sirs for your kind presence and giving us the 
opportunity to host the call. I would also like to congratulate the entire team for a very, very 
good performance. 
And with this, I would like to hand over the call to Sharad sir, for introducing his team and 
opening remarks and taking the call forward. Over to you, sir. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. Thank you, Sudhanshu. Good evening and thank you all for joining us today. It is my 
pleasure to share the highlights of our performance for the quarter gone by. 
JSW Energy commenced the year on a strong footing, marked by robust growth momentum and 
solid earnings performance. Our results reflect not only superior earnings growth, but also the 
stability and quality of our earnings, underscoring the resilience of our business model and the 
disciplined execution of our strategy. 
With a robust under-construction portfolio and a continued focus on efficient capital allocation 
and execution excellence, we are well-positioned to sustain this growth trajectory and deliver 
high-quality returns to all stakeholders  
During the quarter, we successfully added 1.9 GW of new capacity, increasing our total installed 
capacity to 12.8 GW. This represents a substantial year-on-year growth of approximately 70%, 
up from 7.6 GW in the corresponding period last year. Net generation also witnessed a robust 
increase of 71% year-on-year, rising from 7.9 billion units to 13.5 billion units, reflecting the 
enhanced operational efficiency and expanded asset base. The addition of 1.3 GW of organic 
wind capacity in the second half of FY 2025, coupled with the strategic acquisitions of O2 Power 
and the Mahanadi thermal plant, has begun contributing meaningfully to our earnings. These 
developments underscore our commitment to scaling up clean and reliable energy solutions while 
delivering sustainable value to stakeholders. This has resulted in company reporting the highest 
ever quarterly EBITDA of ₹ 3,057 Cr up by 93% year on year and Record PAT of ₹ 743 Crore 
up 42% year on year. 
Before we delve into our performance, I would like to share some key developments from the 
sector. The energy landscape is undergoing a strategic shift, with increasing emphasis on 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
enhancing energy security and catering to the evolving, customized requirements of distribution 
companies.  
India’s total installed power generation capacity has now reached 485 GW, reflecting a strong 
growth trajectory. Over the past 12 months, the country has added 46 GW, with 19.9 GW added 
in Q1 FY26 alone. India reaches 50% clean energy capacity, achieving its Paris Agreement NDC 
target five years ahead of schedule with a Non fossil fuel capacity of 243 GW.  
Renewable energy continues to lead this expansion, contributing 12.3 GW of the total additions 
during the quarter. This growth was predominantly driven by solar power, which accounted for 
10.6 GW, followed by a more modest 1.6 GW from wind energy. In terms of generation, 
renewable energy contributed 16% of the total electricity generated, reinforcing its growing role 
in India’s energy mix and its importance in achieving long-term sustainability goals.  
FY2025 had marked an emerging trend in India’s power sector dynamics, with several state 
distribution companies increasingly turning to competitive bidding for thermal power 
procurement. This trend continues in FY 2026 as many states prepare for thermal power 
procurement to address growing urgency to secure firm power and to compliment the intermittent 
renewable generation.  
In Q1 FY26, the country's power demand registered a year-on-year decline of 1.5%. This 
moderation was primarily due to a high base effect, stemming from an 11% year-on-year growth 
in the corresponding quarter of the previous year, coupled with the early onset of the monsoon, 
which impacted consumption patterns. We anticipate this seasonal demand fluctuation to 
normalize in the coming quarters and remain structurally optimistic about strong medium-term 
power demand. Notably, the peak demand during the quarter reached 243 GW in June 2025. 
The merchant market remained resilient during the quarter averaging around ₹ 4.41 /unit on 
exchanges despite record capacity addition and lower coal prices. The DAM market rates were 
flat quarter on quarter while softened compared to year on year. In line with our strategy to ensure 
stable earnings, we have tied up the open capacity of our imported coal-based Vijayanagar plant 
with JSW Steel, thereby significantly reducing our exposure to the merchant market for imported 
coal-based generation 
For the quarter gone by coal prices reduced to 90/t from $ 108/t. Currently API 4 coal prices are 
around $95/t while within the domestic coal market, sufficient steps are taken to keep a robust 
coal supply. 
Coming to company performance- I am pleased to report a strong start to FY 2026, with earnings 
growth underpinned by the new capacity additions achieved in the second half of FY 2025, which 
have now begun contributing meaningfully to EBITDA. Importantly, the quality of our earnings 
has improved, with a larger share now derived from our PPA-tied portfolio, offering enhanced 
long-term revenue visibility and stability. Our net debt to EBITDA for the operating portfolio 
stands at 4.7x, well within our targeted range, reflecting our prudent capital allocation strategy 
and strong financial discipline. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
During the first quarter, we added a total of 1.9 GW of operational capacity, marking a robust 
beginning to the fiscal year. This includes 1.3 GW of inorganic capacity through the acquisition 
of O2 Power, and 550 MW of organic renewable energy capacity. These additions have resulted 
in a 71% year-on-year increase in net generation, reaching 13.5 billion units. Generation from 
our tied-up portfolio rose 73% year-on-year, while short-term generation increased by 58% year 
on year. Our thermal portfolio continued to perform well, achieving a healthy Plant Load Factor 
of 76% during the quarter. 
Complementing our organic growth initiatives, we have strategically acquired O2 Power, a 4.7 
GW renewable energy platform. As of now, O2 Power has an installed capacity of 1.8 GW, 
which is expected to scale up to 4.7 GW by June 2027 through a planned capital expenditure of 
₹13,000 to ₹14,000 crore.  Upon full build-out, the portfolio is projected to deliver a steady-state 
EBITDA of ₹3,750 crore, reinforcing our long-term earnings visibility. As previously 
highlighted, this platform benefits from high-quality offtakers, a seasoned management team, 
and a highly skilled workforce, aligning well with our strategic and operational priorities.  
The Mahanadi Thermal Plant, acquired in March 2025, operated for the full quarter and 
generated 2.7 billion units, accounting for 20% of the company’s total generation. The plant 
delivered a robust EBITDA of ₹867 crore, contributing 28% to the total consolidated EBITDA, 
underscoring the strategic value of the acquisition.  
We would also like to highlight our strategic shift towards more resilient earnings within the 
merchant market. As part of this transition, we have successfully tied up our imported coal-based 
Vijayanagar plant with JSW Steel, resulting in a 92% year-on-year increase in generation to 1.4 
billion units. This move significantly reduces our exposure to merchant market volatility linked 
to imported coal.  
As of now, approximately 8% or 974 MW of our 12.8 GW total installed capacity remains open 
and untied, with only 10% of this open capacity based on imported coal. The remaining untied 
capacity comprises Utkal 700 MW and KSK 88 MW—both domestic coal-based plants located 
in coal-rich regions. These assets benefit from favorable dark spreads, making them more 
economically viable compared to imported coal-based generation. 
This transformation marks a decisive shift towards a more resilient, domestic coal-based open 
capacity, effectively reducing exposure to global coal price volatility. Consequently, the 
breakeven price for our open thermal capacity has also declined, driven by increased reliance on 
domestic coal. 
Looking ahead, as all our under-construction capacity is backed by long-term PPAs, the share of 
untied or merchant market capacity in our overall portfolio is expected to continue declining, 
further enhancing earnings stability. 
Coming to Hydro, the generation across the country witnessed an improvement during Q1 FY26, 
supported by the early onset of the monsoon and improved reservoir levels. National hydro 
generation reached 39.5 billion units, marking a 13% year-on-year increase compared to 
Q1FY25. At our hydro facility, we recorded a 4% year-on-year increase in generation, 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
successfully meeting the design energy target for the quarter. This performance is consistent with 
other hydro projects located along the Sutlej River. 
I would also like to take this opportunity to provide an update on the recent Supreme Court ruling 
concerning our hydro asset and the associated free power obligation. Pursuant to the order and 
judgement of the Supreme Court, the Company has started supplying free power of 18% from 
July 19, 2025 to government of Himachal Pradesh.  Further, the Company is in discussion with 
the Government of Himanchal Pradesh on the modalities of supplying additional free power of 
6% for the earlier period from September 14, 2023 to July 18, 2025 from the available untied 
capacity. 
Turning to our under-construction portfolio, JSW Energy is currently constructing 13 GW of 
generation projects, all of which are fully tied up under long-term Power Purchase Agreements.  
During the quarter, the Company has signed power purchase agreements for 605 MW of 
renewable capacity, further 350 MW FDRE, 100 MW Solar along with 100 MWh of BESS PPA 
was signed after the quarter end.  
I'm pleased to announce a significant milestone in our renewable energy journey with the 
successful synchronization of the first 80 MW unit of the Kutehr Hydroelectric Project, which 
comprises a total of three units. The phase-wise synchronization of the remaining units is 
expected to follow shortly. 
This marks a major step forward for JSW Energy, as Kutehr stands among the fastest-developed 
greenfield hydroelectric projects in the country. 
I also want to highlight that we are currently constructing a 20 MW floating solar plant at 
Vijayanagar, marking our first venture into floating solar technology. This project demonstrates 
our capability to execute innovative and forward-looking energy solutions. 
Coming to Energy products and services. We recognize the critical role energy storage plays in 
integrating renewable energy therefore, we have expanded our locked in energy storage capacity 
to 29.4 GWh. During the quarter we have signed PPA with UPPCL for 12GWh of PSP project 
to be delivered in next 6 years. So far, we have also signed Battery Energy Storage Agreement 
for 1.2 GWh of Battery energy storage system. 
To strengthen our supply chain and enhancing our products and services footprint, I am pleased 
to announce that we have started putting capital through strategic investments in key areas of 
equipment manufacturing. We are currently establishing a battery assembly plant in Pune with a 
rated capacity of 5 GWh per annum, dedicated to supporting Battery Energy Storage Systems. 
We envisage initial capital outlay of ₹ 165 crore for the project. Additionally, we started 
committing capital for blade manufacturing facilities located in Southern and Western India. Our 
investments in equipment manufacturing are expected to yield cost efficiencies, particularly in 
logistics, due to the proximity to our power plants. 
On our 3,800 tonnes per annum green hydrogen project at Vijayanagar, the plant is nearing 
commissioning with trial runs currently under progress.  

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Coming to outlook. We are making strong progress in integrating both KSK Mahanadi and O2 
Power into our operations. The integration is advancing smoothly and is contributing to the 
strengthening of our overall portfolio. 
With 1.9 GW of capacity already added in Q1 FY26, we are well-positioned to achieve our target 
of 3 to 4 GW of capacity addition during the current fiscal year. This momentum reflects our 
continued commitment to scaling our portfolio in alignment with the country’s growing energy 
needs, while ensuring that our growth remains sustainable and strategically balanced. 
 
Thank you. With this, now I pass on to Pritesh to talk on the financial performance for the 
quarter. Thank you. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Thank you very much, Sharad. A very good evening to all the participants. I'll just very quickly 
summarize the financial performance, and I'm sure most of you have had a chance to go through 
it. Net generation for the quarter was up 71% to 13.5 billion units on account of capacity increase 
from both inorganic as well as organic route. 
Consistent with that, the revenue for the quarter went up by 78% YoY at over ₹5,400 crores. 
The EBITDA increased by 93% YoY to over ₹3,000 crores for the quarter. And the cash profit 
after tax was up by 65% YoY at over ₹1,580 crores. The reported profit after tax went up by 
42% YoY to ₹743 crores. 
 
So the key message is this that the increase in capacity addition has now started to yield output 
in terms of both energy generation and into operating profit growth, and we would expect this 
trend to continue for the rest of the year. Coming to balance sheet. The net debt at the end of the 
quarter stood at ₹59,300 crores. This has gone up by close to ₹15,000 crores QoQ. 
This is due to a combination of a consummation of the O2 platform acquisition plus the 
incremental capex that was done during the quarter. While the headline leverage on a trailing 
12-month basis remains close to 6x net debt to EBITDA. But more important is that sitting in 
the ₹59,300 crores of net debt, almost ₹12,900 crores is due to capital work in progress for under 
implementation projects, which are likely to yield EBITDA and profitability over a period of 
time. 
 
So the operating debt on the operating entities stood at about ₹46,500 crores and the ratios are 
pretty comfortable there. The weighted average cost of debt, as we had guided last time in sync 
with the rate easing cycle, we have started to see the weighted average interest rate also come 
down. So we've seen almost a 15 to 20 bps correction QoQ. And as incremental facilities, the 
repricing dates come in subsequent quarters, we'll continue to see a downward trajectory there. 
 
The cash returns on net worth, which is adjusted for investment in JSW Steel shares continues 
to maintain a healthy high teen, 19% to 20% trajectory as a litmus test of our hurdle rate of a 
mid-teen returns for any incremental capital allocation. And finally, one word on the receivable 
side. The total receivables at the end of June stood at about ₹3,700 crores. In terms of days sales 
outstanding, a very healthy trend. It stood at about 58 days compared to 65 days in the same 
quarter last year. So I'll stop there, and let's open the floor for Q&A, please. Thank you. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good quarter, especially on operating performance. My first question 
is on the EBITDA for Mahanadi and Mytrah. Just want a clarification. Are there any one-offs in 
the EBITDA for Mahanadi and Mytrah? There seems to be a strong growth in EBITDA for 
Mytrah in particular and a strong EBITDA in Mahanadi in the quarter. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Mohit, I'll take that. In Mytrah, there is a one-off late payment surcharge. But more 
importantly, even if you look at the generation profile, the Mytrah generation YoY has gone up 
by almost 16%, and this is primarily because of a 23% higher wind generation there. So 
operating profitability is also high, but there is also a one-off late payment surcharge there. 
 
On KSK, there is actually no one-off. We just took it in the month of March, and this is our first 
full quarter of performance. Of course, we still see there is room to continue to implement our 
efficiency enhancement initiatives as we had talked about last time. So progressively, we'll 
continue to see improvements in O&M cost, et cetera, but that will happen over a period of time. 
But there's no one-off in KSK. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
And also, Mohit, to add what Pritesh just said regarding especially the KSK Mahanadi, we 
acquired the asset on 6th March and we took some initiatives to improve in terms of the efficiency 
parameters. So a lot of actions have been implemented during the quarter. 
The full benefit will come in the balance part of the year, what Pritesh just say is that still there, 
we see upside on that front when we start getting the full benefit of all the identified areas where 
the improvement is possible. Some partly has been implemented. Some are still under 
implementation. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. I understand that you've been approved to acquire the KSK Water Infrastructure 
Private Limited. Is it possible to help us understand the synergy and the price you are paying for 
acquiring the asset? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, the synergy, Mohit, is that this is the company which supplies water to the plant. So, which 
is equally important as for the KSK Mahanadi plant as well as KSK Water Infrastructures. 
So right now, that this company is supplying water and this is being paid as a part of the O&M 
charges. So, it is critical for both the companies. So that is the reason that we are in the process, 
as we have announced to acquire and then take the control of this company. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And any color on the valuation, sir? Is it possible? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, we're still working. At the right time, we will definitely inform. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Mohit, we will be making the suitable disclosures upon the consummation of the transaction, 
yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
My compliments on a strong all-round performance. My first question is, how much organic 
capex has JSW incurred in Q1? And what is your target organic capex for FY26 and even FY27? 
Also, second part of this question is how much capacity is due to be commissioned in balance 
FY26 and FY27? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Sumit, I'll take it. In the first quarter, the actual capex spend in cash terms is about ₹2,400 crores 
for the quarter. If you recall, we have guided for a full year capex of ₹15,000 crores to ₹18,000 
crores. So we stick to that. 
Similarly, as Sharad also reiterated in his opening remarks, over and above O2's opening 
capacity of 1.34 gigawatt, last quarter in the earnings call, we had guided for a 3 to 4 gigawatt 
incremental capacity addition during the course of this year. So Sharad just reiterated a few 
minutes ago that we stick with that 3 to 4 gigawatt incremental capacity addition. 
Sumit Kishore: 
This is an addition to the O2 power opening capacity of 1.34 gigawatt that. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, exactly. That's right. That's right. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And I know FY27 is still some time away, but would a similar number given your large pipeline 
of under construction projects, is that on for FY27? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, Sumit, we have signed PPAs. And within the timelines, we will be completing that. So it 
can be estimated. It is a bit -- will not be appropriate to give exact numbers for FY27, but it will 
be in line what we are doing in the current year based on the PPA timelines. We will be delivering 
on time because we are known that we deliver the projects absolutely on time or before. 
Sumit Kishore: 
You have spoken about prudent thermal expansion with the aggressive RE storage build-out in 
your annual report. So basically, can you give us an update on progress regarding execution plan 
for 1.6 gigawatt Salboni? And what has actually been deployed or planned to be deployed for 
29 gigawatt hour of storage capacity, which is tied up separately across PSH and BESS? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. See, Salboni 1.6 gigawatt, we have already signed the PPA and within the guideline, the 
land is fully now in place that challenge, which is normally a challenge in a greenfield plant is 
fully taken care of. So now, it is basically that what we have been knowing, seeing and reading 
that about the supply chain constraints of BTG, that also has been taken care of, so within the 
timelines of the PPA. 
So, presently, the next step is that we have already applied for the environmental clearance, and 
it is at a very advanced stage. So, the things are moving as per the plan, and we don't see right 
now any challenges in terms of the execution in the way it has been planned. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Sumit, maybe I'll just step in there and add to what Sharad said. So what happens is, 
particularly for greenfield thermal and greenfield pump storage projects, which are slightly 
nuanced by the fact that there's a very long gestation period. On a 3 monthly basis, we rarely 
have very significant progress to report. It is a continuum of small progresses that will ultimately 
add up to that. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
So therefore, to be very frank, the first 6 months basically goes in a lot of groundwork before 
you can hit the construction, right? So we are going through all those preparatory activities, and 
zero date has not commenced anywhere. But as Sharad said, the bigger picture is this that in line 
with the PPA timelines, we will be progressing on those. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from JPMorgan. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Sir, beyond Salboni, 1,600 megawatts, could you 
throw some color on your thermal expansion plans, specifically where you might have land 
already available or where you have some visibility on fuel supply or some kind of visibility on 
PPA? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. Atul, as you may recall that after our acquisition of this KSK Mahanadi, which is a 1.8 
gigawatt operational plant with the potential further expansion for which balance of plant for 
balance 1.8 additional is fully ready. We are right now exploring for the fourth unit, we are in 
discussion for the commissioning of fourth unit of 600 megawatt, work for which is almost 40% 
to 45% work is already completed. 
So right now is this. And then we will be looking for balance other 2 units also once we finalize 
in terms of the project start for this fourth unit of 600 megawatts. So, this is apart from Salboni 
right now in the thermal space is what we are looking for. 
Atul Tiwari: 
So total of, say, 1,800 megawatt at KSK looks quite likely over a period of time. And what about 
the PPAs of the same? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, as I mentioned in my opening remarks also now with the kind of the way the demand is 
growing and every state, like all of the major states are now looking towards to have a security 
in terms of the round-the-clock power. So, we are absolutely certain a lot of states have the plans. 
And once we are ready, there will be opportunities for the PPA because of enough coal 
availability and a lot of states are showing interest because this is again a low-cost power for 
them, round the clock. So we don't see a challenge going forward the way thermal requirements 
and the demands are coming from various states. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes. And sir, Salboni BTG orders you have placed already, that is what you only mentioned... 
Sharad Mahendra: 
We are working on the equipment supplies and we are quite certain that will not be a challenge 
because we have made all the necessary arrangements of turbine generator supply and also for 
the boiler supply. So that will not be a challenge at all for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ketan Jain from Avendus Spark. 
Ketan Jain: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. Sir, just a follow-up from the previous question, 
the participant asked. You were speaking about the fourth unit of KSK Mahanadi. Do we have 
the FSA for the rest of the 3 units of KSK or how does the coal FSA work? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, Ketan, we have to understand that this plant is in the very, very large coal belt only. And 
because the way the domestic coal availability is there, we don't see coal at all as a challenge 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
because if you see that what we have said when we acquired this asset that -- and which has 
contributed to our margins in quarter 1 that the open capacity, which was about 85 to 90 
megawatts, which has hardly operated at a very lower level last year, we have been able to utilize 
the full open capacity and have been able to comfortably get the coal also for this untied capacity. 
 
So going forward, getting the coal, so many bids are coming. We don't see at all that as a 
challenge, and we are sure that, that will not be a stopper in any way. Coal rich belt is there, so 
we don't see that as a challenge. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. Sir, the next question is on the lines of your opening remarks, you said you had 
plans on BESS battery manufacturing and wind manufacturing. If you can speak about a bit 
about that. One, on batteries, isn't importing battery better for your projects? Isn't that cheaper 
than building a plant and assembling it over here? That is number one. Number two is on the 
wind manufacturing. How are you looking at after the domestic mandate, which the government 
has given the draft circular? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. Ketan, first, coming to the battery energy storage when we are saying the best containerized 
solution, this is more of an assembly plant in which the battery cell packs are being imported, 
and it is being assembled here. We have to understand that the way the restrictions which are 
coming from not only from the Indian government side of imports from China, But also at the 
same time, the restrictions which now China has started imposing in terms of to their 
manufacturers for exports to India. 
 
So keeping both the things in mind, which we anticipated about a year back, we had been 
working on this project, and we are at a very advanced stage, and we are confident that we will 
start the trial runs in this quarter, by the end of quarter 2 for this battery energy storage systems 
in Pune area where we are setting up this plant. 
Coming to wind turbines, what you said, wind turbine generator, one that the notification from 
the government, which has come, we have to please note that we are completely protected from 
that reason is that all bids which have been won by the developers, whether PPA signed or not, 
the import restrictions are not going to apply for those for a particular date.  
This is currently at a draft stage. And whenever it comes, so that we don't see as a challenge, we 
are absolutely certain that will not be. But more important is that for us, the WTG manufacturing 
is in India. And just to clarify that we have a technology license agreement with SANY from 
China. 
And SANY is present for more than 15 years now in India in the construction equipment division 
in the heavy construction equipment, where they have set up in Pune, the same WTG 
manufacturing also and which is already they are supplying. So they have a facility in India 
while some of the components they are importing. But at the same time, there is a clear plan laid 
out of those imported parts also to be taken from India going forward. 
 
Blade is something which is for the SANY machines, we are setting up ourselves. We are setting 
up the blade plants at 2 locations, one is western part of the country and one is southern part, 
where majority of our wind projects are being executed. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
There are two basic reasons for this, first to de-risk our supply chain and to have ensured that 
timely suppliers of the blades are there. And second is that importing the blades contribute to a 
high logistic cost. So, there will be more efficiency in terms of the cost in the project execution. 
We are going to commission both the blade plants in the current fiscal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Congratulations once again for a great set of numbers. So I had again questions on the wind CUF 
of this quarter, which has jumped from 26% to 30%. Now it seems that there have been some 
factors which have been favorable for us in the wind generation, which has contributed to a large 
rise in the Mytrah profitability. Now do we take this as sustainable or the CUF to be normalized 
over the coming quarters? That was my first question. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Okay. Yes. See, Rajesh, very valid. I'd just like to tell that increase from 26% to 30%, there are 
2 reasons contributing to this.  
Our overall wind portfolio, percentage of more efficient machines has increased significantly. If 
we compare for us last year, the share of Mytrah in the overall wind portfolio was significantly 
more, and these are old winds, old technologies, lower capacity wind turbines, giving lower use 
of CUF. The new wind capacities we have commissioned are of 2.7 and 3.3 megawatt machines, 
which we commissioned in the second half of last fiscal, which have seen the current year, full 
year season they are seeing. And that high wind speed has resulted in a better CUF. So these 2 
are the factors which has resulted in this CUF. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. Fair, sir. And secondly, sir, you mentioned KSK Mahanadi, there is no onetime. But 
earlier, we were looking at a kind of ₹2,400 crore EBITDA for the year for KSK Mahanadi and 
the 1Q is more than ₹800 crores. So would you hazard a guess as to the -- should we take a better 
number for the year in terms of the EBITDA? Or is it going to be similar or slightly lower than 
₹2,400 crores what we had kind of looked at earlier? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
We see, as we have guided also in the quarter 1 performance has demonstrated, you can 
definitely very well assume that what is going to be the full year number. But I think one thing 
I'll tell you that as I said in my opening remark or maybe in one of the questions, that there was 
an untied capacity also, which maybe has not done or has not been used last year during the 
CIRP process, which also has contributed significantly. 
 
And we expect that going forward, our PLF on an annualized basis will be more than last year. 
So there is no reason to assume that achieving ₹2,400 or surpassing that will be a challenge. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Rajesh, I'd like to add to what Sharad has said. See, in the context of an acquisition, you typically 
look at a long-term trajectory, right? And you're not doing it for the next 12 months only, right? 
You've got to own the asset for the residual life of the asset. 
So if you recall what we had said the last time around is that this is a Section 63 competitive bid 
PPA, the long-term PPA that they have. So there will be a tariff trajectory, which will vary from 
year-to-year, correct? 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So when we talk about capital investments, we, as strategic owners look at normalized, levelized 
long term. And we are a conservative company. So we talk about worst-case scenarios, right? 
So the ₹2,400 crores has to be seen in that context, please. It was not for FY26 guidance, right? 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
I hope that clarifies because the trajectory will vary year-to-year. But at least no matter what 
happens, in any particular year, we do not see it going below ₹2,400 crores, right? 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. Sir, and sir, if I could sneak in just one question. The net debt is ₹60,000 crores around at 
the end of 1Q, and we are talking about ₹15,000 crore capex for the year. So is it fair to assume 
that the debt can go up to ₹70,000 crores before we kind of look at some kind of evening out of 
the debt or something like that? Or I mean, what is the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio highest that 
the company can go to or what you're comfortable with? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
I don't think one will be able to guide that, Rajesh. We will repeatedly come back to 2 things. 
We are conscious of the leverage. We are very conscious of where we are allocating incremental 
capital and is this being allocated into cash flow-generating assets where returns are more than 
the cost of capital. And the third thing is this from time to time, what is the right thing to do to 
derisk the capital structure and the balance sheet. 
 
So we'll continue to be operating within these guardrails because one thing which is very 
strategic and important for us is our credit ratings, right? Because that is one source of 
competitive advantage to deliver our equity IRR, right? The cost of capital in a 3:1 debt equity 
project has a very high variability to that. 
So therefore, absolute way, it is an arithmetic. You will be able to reach. And hopefully, there 
will be EBITDA generation and cash flow generation as well. So it will not just be just capex, 
right? So you will be able to do that math, but we would not want to give a specific net debt 
absolute number or a peak ratio number guidance out here, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Aniket Mittal: 
My first question was actually related to your capital allocation between renewable and coal. So 
when you decide to put capital within any of these space, how does your threshold equity IRR 
or your IRR expectations vary between the 2? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Aniket, very good question. So as we see, money sees no color, right? So capital doesn't care 
for is it CO2 emitting or non-CO2 emitting or anything else. So capital has to meet one uniform 
hurdle rate, which is a mid-teen equity IRR on a levered basis, regardless of whatever project 
you are pursuing. 
The only exception to this will be -- which is typically not very large size, will be things like on 
the safety or environmental or regulatory, those kind of things. Those are the only exceptions 
where you've got to do certain things and you will invest that money. But for capacity 
enhancement projects, whether it is thermal, solar, wind, hydro, whether it is battery storage, 
hydro pump storage, whether it is anything else, the hurdle rate is the same, yes. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Aniket Mittal: 
The reason I ask this is because you're pointing out, there's a lot of state tenders and state plans 
that are out there for thermal right now. So just trying to understand as long as those threshold 
mid-teen equity IRRs are available or can be made, we will not be shy of putting up more 
thermal, is it? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
There is another limiting factor, I would say, or a boundary condition, which is also, call it, 
management bandwidth or call it execution. We can't be implementing so many greenfield 
projects at the same time, right? 
And then it's not just PPAs, right? Will you have the necessary ingredients to deliver on that, 
whether it is land, whether it is water, whether it is evacuation, whether it is the other or 
equipment and so many things go into that, right? So it is not just, oh, if tomorrow, you have an 
opportunity to do 10 gigawatt of incremental thermal just because the hurdle rates are being met, 
it can't be done like that, right? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
And also, as we have announced, if you remember, 30 gigawatt by 2030 in our Strategy 3.0, and 
we have been maintaining for quite some time that 2/3 of green and 1/3 thermal. So that also in 
capacity terms, we will continue to maintain with 30 gigawatt capacity. 
So there are many factors, as Pritesh said, apart from just that the requirements are coming 
because there are enough requirements. Government of India has announced the fresh additional 
capacity addition of 97 gigawatt of thermal by maybe 2032 or '33. So there will be enough 
capacity going forward. So we will be definitely looking into it as and when we feel appropriate, 
we will definitely be going ahead with it. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Got that. Just one more question. When I look at the PLF for solar during this quarter, they're 
down to about 21% versus 24% last year. Is this entirely related to the O2 Power acquisition? 
Or is there something else? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question, please? 
Aniket Mittal: 
So when I look at the plant load factors for solar during the quarter, it's come down to about 
21%, I think, versus 24% last year. So just trying to understand, is this because of the O2 Power 
acquisition? Or are there any PLF changes in the existing portfolio. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, as we know that the early onset of monsoons and the radiation levels when we compare in 
the current quarter, as compared to last year have been slightly on a lower side, which has 
resulted in lower PLF, not because of O2. Because O2 are new more very efficient plants, not 
very old plants. It is primarily only because of the radiation and early onset of monsoons. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Actually, just to add to what he said, when I said earlier that Mytrah saw 16% higher generation, 
23% higher generation wind, solar was minus 7%, so exactly for the reasons that Sharad 
mentioned, that the early onset of monsoon and higher amount of cloud covers, et cetera, solar 
irradiation was low. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Jain from Crisil. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Nikhil Jain: 
So my question is regarding the SECI BESS plant. So we are awaiting the tariff approval from 
CERC. So are we having any guidance on the same? And related to the same capacity, you 
guided 60% of the contracted capacity is under ₹10.8 lakh per megawatt per month. So is it now 
100% or it is still at 60%? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, one is that it is still at 60%. There is no change. And second, as we have informed earlier 
also that there was a delay from CERC side to adopt this tariff. So it is pending with APTEL, 
wherein the order is reserved. And maybe the next outcome, we will update only once the 
reserved order is pronounced. 
Nikhil Jain: 
And one more question on these lines. So like given a scenario where LoAs are received from 
SECI, do you foresee any risk of PPA not being signed due to change in tariffs like in this case, 
which we are not getting approval for? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, the thing is the kind of more significant variation when it happens, it is a question of timing. 
So going forward, the way it is expected, if these kind of variations are expected, this is a very 
one-off unique case wherein this kind of delay in adopting the tariff and things have happened. 
So this is a very one-off case that cannot be generalized resulting in any challenges for the sector 
in general or industry developers in general. So we don't see this as any challenge going forward 
in terms of tariff adoption or the LoAs which are issued getting converted into PPAs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
The first question on thermal. I know a lot of questions have been asked on KSK. Just if I look 
at the Section 63 tariff order, I would assume the tariffs, the charges, energy and capacity charges 
are going to decline this year. 
And there is a steep jump in EBITDA, mathematically, it doesn't seem just the merchant open 
capacity will lead to such a big swing. So within a short period of time, you've been able to 
improve efficiency so much. And because even if you take out merchant EBITDA, the run rate 
still looks much higher than the ₹2,400 crores EBITDA that we're looking at. 
 
So how do we look at EBITDA for KSK for maybe this year, next year? And I'm not sure if I'm 
mistaken, but somewhere in the release, I see that you're looking to tie up some of the remaining 
open capacity into PPA. 
But in your opening comments and all, it seems like you have the remaining open capacity has 
better cost position, domestic coal. So that didn't tie up. So I'm just trying to clarify, is that what 
you're looking to do on the remaining untied capacity. That's on thermal. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Satyadeep, on KSK, I will come back to what I said a few minutes earlier. Tariff trajectory 
will follow the bid-out path. So no one can do anything with that. But no matter what -- 
howsoever bad the condition is, ₹2,400 crores of EBITDA, we will always make, upside is a 
function of market opportunities, efficiencies, optimum utilization of assets, et cetera, et cetera, 
right? So we would not be able to give a forward-looking asset-specific guidance on that, right? 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
On the second part of your question, which is on open capacity, I want to bring out one -- and 
we've been talking about this for some time now. Two things have structurally changed. If I were 
to compare with, say, at the end of March versus end of June, what has really happened to our 
open capacity on the thermal side, right? 
So at the end of March, our open capacity on the thermal side was about 1,400 megawatts, of 
which about 55% was domestic coal-based and 45% was imported coal-based, primarily the 
Vijayanagar untied capacity, right? What has changed now is this that 1,400 has come down to 
about 900 megawatts, okay? But within this 900 megawatts, 90% is now domestic coal-based 
because Ind-Barath Unit 2 has come and KSK incremental capacity has got added. 
 
So 2 things are happening. One is, and we keep on repeating this, our strategic intent is to derisk 
the portfolio and enhance the predictability of earnings stream, right? So as the incremental 
organic capacity addition happens, because all the incremental pipeline is 100% contracted into 
long-term PPA. 
So what is the 8% open capacity at 12.8 gigawatt will progressively keep on coming down 
because that numerator is not increasing, whereas the denominator will keep on increasing. But 
even within that, the quality is better because your breakeven barrier is lower because bulk of 
that capacity is domestic coal-based instead of imported coal based. That is the point that Sharad 
was trying to say in his opening remarks. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
I was just trying to clarify this 900-megawatt open capacity, there is no intent to convert that 
into PPA because it seems like from the earnings release. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
No. See, one thing is that, as you have said that KSK, whatever small capacity open is there, 
presently, we will like to continue in the merchant, taking advantage of being in the core coal 
belt with low fuel cost and being in merchant with a bilateral short-term trades or through 
exchanges. So we'll continue to remain open because the plant is tied up otherwise entire 
capacity as compared -- when we talk of JSW Utkal, which is 700 megawatt entirely open and 
again, there also the fuel cost advantage. 
 
As and when the time develops, as and when the things move, we will take a call. But maybe 
presently, we will like to continue as it is in merchant, but we will not be averse if we are assured 
of a good price in a medium-term or a long-term PPA with fuel now available under Shakti and 
other schemes for the power supply against the PPAs, long- and medium-term PPAs. So we'll 
be open and keep evaluating the options available. Saying that we will not do or we will do will 
not be right. But as and when what we feel is the best and sustainable, we'll be taking accordingly 
the action. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
But direction will be derisking... 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Direction will be derisking, yes. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Understood. Second question, on the battery, you mentioned 5 gigawatt hour. It seems like if 
I'm understanding it correctly, it would be a cell to pack assembly plant. Or is it you're importing 
electrode and then assembling into cell? I didn't understand what you're trying to do there. 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Sharad Mahendra: 
No, no. As I told you that we are going to import the cell from China, and it will be an assembly 
plant here right now, not the cell manufacturing or battery manufacturing. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
I believe you were exploring cell manufacturing also, so that... 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, yes, we continue to do that. We are in discussions with the various technology suppliers to 
have the right technology. We are still in discussions. But as and when we reach any stage, we 
will definitely inform. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just one quick question, if I can squeeze on wind. I just wanted to understand, given you're also 
using blades from JSW steel erecting towers and you'll have your own wind blades. So what can 
be the capital cost that we can look at for setting up a turnkey project for wind for JSW. And 
when you look at maybe newer mills versus older, how much delta could be there in P90 
generally for newer mills versus Mytrah? Just trying to understand how big a gap in efficiency 
is. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So Satyadeep, I can request you to connect with the IR team for some of these discussions 
because a lot of theoretical things are involved in this. We would rather not make conjectures on 
this side. On the first part of the question that you asked, I'll come back to 2 things. what is the 
intention? 
 
The intention is to ultimately reduce your LCOE, correct? And whatever are the measures to get 
into that, we will try and do that from time to time, right? 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Abhishek Khanna from Kotak Securities. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
I just wanted to check of the 1.9-odd gigawatts that you've added in the quarter, that includes 
1.3 gigawatt O2 acquired, right, which means the organic capacity addition is about 550 is my 
understanding. Could you just share what part of that 550 is the O2 portfolio, which was already 
under construction there? -- of the 550 incremental? 
Pritesh Vinay: 
So bulk of that is actually O2 because just for the sake of fullness, O2 ended at almost 1.8 
gigawatt. So bulk of that incremental is O2. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Out of 550, 450-odd megawatts is O2 and balance is our ongoing projects of JSW Neo. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Got it. And when you say you're planning to add 3 to 4 gigawatt overall capacity in the year, I 
assume that excludes at least 1.3, right, of O2. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
It excludes 1.3 of acquired capacity, yes. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay. And just one more thing. When there's a slide on the presentation, which says that about 
10 gigawatt -- actually 13 gigawatt of projects are PPA signed, of which the renewable part is 
about 10, 10.5 gigawatts. Does that mean all of that has to come as per PPAs within the next 2 
years? Is that a fair understanding? Or do some of the PPA terms extend beyond... 
Pritesh Vinay: 
About 3 years is the right figure. Because at certain places, connectivity of substation, the 
evacuation substation is back ended. So therefore, that's how it will... 

 
JSW Energy Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay. So let's say, broadly 3 years as per the PPA terms is when this 10, 10.5 gigawatts of 
renewable... 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes, you can assume. That's a very fair assumption, yes. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
All right. Perfect. That's helpful. Just one thing maybe because you said we are nearing the 
completion of this green hydrogen facility in the next 1 or 2 quarters. Any broad sense on how 
the economics are for us to understand? My apologies if you've shared this before, but anything 
that you could share ballpark, on the green hydrogen projects? 
Sharad Mahendra: 
See, one is that this is not 1 or 2 quarters. We are confident that in the current quarter only, this 
will be commissioned. The trial runs are at very advanced stage. Second is in terms of the 
economics and the financials you're asking, as we have been maintaining that any investment on 
any project we do, the mid to high-teen IRRs are protected, and that is what we are going to 
achieve here also. 
 
Because this is comparatively a slightly different green hydrogen plant in which the 2 aspects of 
setting up the entire plant, the costs related to the transportation and the storage are not a part in 
this project because this is a co-located project for the user, and it's a direct live supply through 
the pipeline. So this has optimized the cost and has ensured that our benchmark returns are 
protected. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
And to add further, what we have been maintaining is this, the underlying assumption is the 
entire cost has to be amortized over a period of 7 years. Operator, if there is something else, I 
would request any follow-up questions to be taken by the IR team, please. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for the team, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sharad Mahendra: 
Yes. Thank you very much for being with us today. And in case any other questions or some of 
the questions we may not be -- have not been able to address, request to please kindly write to 
our IR team. We assure you that you will get a suitable and positive response immediately. 
Thank you very much once again, and a very good night. 
Pritesh Vinay: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
