 
 
 
91 40 27840104 
 
 
 
 
 
Website: www.tciexpress.in  
Corporate Office: Plot No. 84, 3rd Floor, Sector 32, Institutional Area, Gurugram - 122001, India 
 Tel.: +91-124-2384090-94 • Email: info@tciexpress.in • CIN: L62200TG2008PLC061781  
Registered Office: Flat Nos. 306 & 307, 1-8-273, Third Floor, Ashoka Bhoopal Chambers, 
                                                                                                                                                  S. P. Road, Secunderabad – 500003 • Tel.: ++91 40 27840104 
Dated: August 20, 2025 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street-Mumbai-400001 
 
 
Scrip Code:  540212 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Symbol:  TCIEXP 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the Quarter-1/FY 2025-26 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated August 14, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted the link to the 
audio recording of the Earning Call held post announcement of the Un-Audited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your 
information and records. The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.tciexpress.in/investor-analyst-corner?invid=16&key=c74d97b01eae257e44aa9d5bade97baf 
 
 
We request your good office to take the above information on records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For TCI Express Limited 
 
 
 
PRIYANKA 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
Encl: as above 
 
PRIYAN
KA
Digitally signed 
by PRIYANKA 
Date: 2025.08.20 
16:35:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“TCI Express Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
Thursday, August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:      MR. CHANDER AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
                                   MR.MUKTI LAL- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
                                   MR. PABITRA MOHAN PANDA – SENIOR CHIEF SALES AND MARKETING OFFICER  
  
 
MODERATOR:         MR. MOHIT LOHIA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCI Express Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Lohia from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Lohia: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today 
for Quarter 1 FY26 call of TCI Express Limited. First of all, I would like to thank 
management for providing us the opportunity to host the call. 
 
From the management side, we have Mr. Chander Agarwal, Managing Director; 
Mr. Mukti Lal, Executive Director and CFO; Mr. Pabitra Mohan Panda, Senior 
Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. So without further delay, I would now hand 
over the call to management for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Chander Agarwal: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
for TCI Express Limited. I would like to thank all of you for joining us here 
today. I hope you and your families are staying healthy and great. 
 
We have already circulated our earnings presentation on our website and 
Stock Exchanges, and I trust you have reviewed it. To begin, I will provide an 
overview of our business scenario and the performance of our service 
offerings for the quarter. Following that, I will hand over the call to our 
Executive Director and CFO, Mr. Mukti, who will walk you through the 
financial performance for Q1 financial year '26. 
 
The first quarter of financial year '26 marked a steady beginning for the 
company with the company, with TCI Express sustaining its momentum 
through discipline, operational approach, and continued investments in 
network expansion. Performance during the quarter reflected balanced 
contribution from all service verticals, supported by evolving customer 
requirements, growing demand across industrial segments and the 
company's strategic focus on multimodal logistics. 
 
The Surface Express division remained the largest contributor to overall 
business, driven by demand from sectors such as retail, automotive and 
industrial goods. Operational consistency ensured sustained volumes and 
service levels. 
 
The Rail Express segment continued to strengthen its network, supported by 
infrastructure improvements and increased adoption of cost-effective and 
environmentally compliant railway solutions. 
 
The Domestic Air Express division further expanded its last mile connectivity, 
while the International Air Express division handled over 100 tons of cargo 
through multiple Indian gateways, recording a 33.25% year-on-year revenue 
growth. 
 
The C2C Express segment registered growth of over 14% during the quarter, 
in line with our focus on diversifying and strengthening revenue streams. 
During the quarter, we added 10 new branches to enhance last-mile delivery 
and capabilities to improve customer accessibility in key regions. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
In addition, new sorting centers were commissioned in Nagpur, Raipur and 
Indore, collectively spanning over 2 lakh square feet. These facilities 
represent a significant step in our infrastructure expansion and will 
strengthen our processing capacity in Central India. 
 
Our multimodal capabilities remain a core element of the long-term 
strategy, contributing to operational flexibility and optimized service time 
lines. Despite industry headwinds such as elevated freight rates, inflationary 
labor costs and higher compliance expenses, our asset-light model 
surrounded by agile network management enables stable freight pricing and 
consistent service delivery. Through disciplined execution and focus on cost 
efficiency, we maintained stable revenue performance in Q1 FY26. This was 
supported by steady volumes, improved productivity and an optimized cost 
structure. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at  Rs. 21 crores. We are pleased to 
share that TCI Express has been certified as a Great Place to Work for the 
fifth consecutive year, reaffirming our commitment to employee 
engagement and workplace excellence. As part of our CSR initiatives, the TCI 
Express Foundation in collaboration with TCI Foundation established an 
Archery Academy in Khunti, Jharkhand to support tribal children through 
structured coaching, quality equipment and regular training sessions. 
 
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on expanding our infrastructure 
and strengthening service capabilities. Plans are in place to replicate 
automation technologies at upcoming facilities, expand our branch and 
service network and further develop the multimodal segment through 
targeted sales and business development initiatives. 
 
We are also working to increase our presence in complex sectors such as 
aerospace and engineering, while scaling the Air Express network beyond 
metro cities to improve coverage. We remain optimistic about the upcoming 
festival season, which is expected to result in higher volumes across retail 
and electronics, auto and lifestyle products. 
 
The company is well positioned to manage the anticipated demand through 
its expanded network, upgraded infrastructure and strengthened 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 4 of 19 
 
multimodal capabilities. With a clear road map, TCI Express remains 
committed to sustaining growth through operational excellence, service 
reliability and strategic execution in the quarters ahead. 
 
With this, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Mukti to talk about 
our financial performance for the last quarter. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Thanks, Chander sir, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us today. I will now take you through the financial performance of 
the company for this first quarter. And as Mr. Chander has already briefed 
about the overview of the business and environment and key development 
during the quarter. So I will focus on financial performance service-wise, my 
service offerings updates and operational progress and our strategic 
priorities. 
 
So basically, during the quarter, we have achieved a revenue of  Rs. 287 
crores. And this is reflecting a sequential decline of 6.7% and 2% is on a Y-o-
Y basis. And total income of the quarter is  Rs. 290 crores. 
 
EBITDA for this quarter was Rs. 33 crores, and it is the margin level stood 
11.5%, which is compared to 10.5% in Q4 FY25 and 12% in Q1 FY25. And 
profit after tax is again  Rs. 21 crores with a margin level of 7.3%. 
 
Despite the revenue moderation our margin profile remains resilient, 
supported by operational efficiency gain, higher network productivity and 
improved business mix. The benefits from the automation at our sorting 
center and disciplined control on direct costs helped offset part of the 
volume softness. 
 
So now I'm giving like service offering-wise performance. So International 
Air registered growth during the quarter, supported by higher volumes 
through key gateways and increased customer adoption. First time in a 
quarter, we achieved like 100-ton transportation for Air International. 
Service continued to handle both our outbound and inbound flows, provide 
2-way capabilities to clients. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Same way like Rail Express reported stable growth with further expansion of 
network coverage and customer base alongside a higher proportion of 
repeat businesses. It remains positioned as an option balancing cost 
efficiency and delivery time line across key routes. 
 
Again, about like C2C Express recorded also an expansion in business during 
the quarter, supported by new customer acquisition in core industry sectors 
and increased adoption of customized delivery solutions. Efficiency in 
operation was achieved through route optimization and effective utilization 
of return loads. We continue to provide the expansion of our multimodal 
portfolio with the objective of increasing its overall contribution to the 
revenue mix over the medium term. 
 
Apart that, we also like spent Rs. 13 crores on the capital expenditure 
towards branch expansion, sorting center construction and IT infrastructure 
upgradation. This is part of our multiyear capex plan under which we have 
already invested almost like Rs. 200 crores in the last 3 years. We continue 
to operate with 0 debt balance sheet. Receivable days were maintained at 
58 days. Payable days are 35 days. So net working capital cycle is maintained 
at 23 days, consistent with our historical performance. 
 
Our asset-light model allows us to fund expansion entirely from central 
accruals while maintaining strong liquidity, we will be maintained for the 
whole year and time to come also. So our priorities remain focused on 
expanding multimodal capabilities along with Surface expansion also. So we 
to increase the contribution of multimodal services in overall pie from 
current level of 17.5% to 18% to 20% to 22% over the next 2 to 3 years. 
 
The strategy includes widening customer penetration in high potential 
industrial verticals, scaling International Express volumes and leveraging 
technology and automation to improve productivity. And also like in that, 
we also strategize where we earlier thought put like one team for the whole 
multimodal product now we decided to keep each service offerings have a 
separate like throughout the ecosystem network from top to bottom. So 
we're creating that way also. So we're creating for air and international and 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 6 of 19 
 
then Rail and C2C is completely different. From top to bottom, we're 
creating a separate team and a separate network for that. 
 
So on sustainability, on other sustainability side or you can say like grain 
logistics, we are piloting EVs for last mile and mid-mile operation in selected 
cities and implementing renewable energy solution, including solar rooftop 
at newly built up these three sorting centers, as Mr. Chander has 
mentioned. So ESG remains an integral part of our long-term strategy 
approach and business. 
 
So to conclude, Q1 FY26 was a steady start to the year. We maintained 
stable margin despite a modest decline in revenues, continued to invest in 
network expansion and automation and upheld our strong balance sheet 
and cash flow profile. We are confident that our strategic direction and 
disciplined execution will enable us to capture growth opportunities in the 
quarter ahead and deliver sustainable value for all stakeholders. 
 
So now thank you very much, and now we can open the floor for questions, 
please. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask questions can press * and 1 on their telephone.  
If you wish to remove yourself  from the question queue you can press * and 
2. Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. Ladies 
& Gentlemen we will wait for a moment, while the question queue 
assembled. The first question is from the line of Krupashankar NJ from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Good evening, Thank you for the opportunity, My first question is on the 
tonnage part. So, while you have mentioned quite soft, any number you can 
provide on what would have been the tonnage for the quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, Well, Tonnage is 2.33 lakh tons for the quarter. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Understood, sir. With respect to improving the existing network on the 
Surface Express side, just wanted to get a sense on the utilization levels are 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 7 of 19 
 
at around 82%. I want to know how you are trying to improve that in the 
Surface Express.  So any measures taken on that front. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Well, so as you are aware, like the volumes are soft. So, we, last year, 
we were highest, we touched around 83.5% and then we maintain 15% for 
the whole year. And this is a good thing in spite of slightly decline in volume, 
we are able to maintain 82%. 
 
So surely, once we add the volumes, then certainly we will be reached back 
to 83.5% to 84% for the Surface for sure. But side by side, we also like 
adding the capacity or network expansion for Air Domestic and Air 
International product and as well as for Rail. So, for them, we're creating a 
separate network. So that cost is also adding in my overall direct cost. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Is it fair to assume that the margins of the Surface business have been 
higher and it is just because the other businesses are scaling up, the 
profitability is relatively lower. Is that understanding, correct? Or any other 
thoughts you can share on what can drive margins from current level? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, if you talk about margin levels, so margins in Surface, Air Domestic and 
Rail are all more or less equal and slightly less in Air International business 
because this is a very competitive business and is a high-volume business 
basically. So that's it. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Okay. So, what I wanted to know is that going ahead, is the growth 
expectation in the International Air business going to drive our top line 
growth over the near term? Is that going to be the key driver? 
Mukti Lal: 
So basically, not only Air international, it will be like all the multimodal 
products like Rail, Air, Domestic and International and C2C put together, 
they will be the growth driver also. But we like Surface is our key business. 
We still have like 82%, 83% businesses Surface. So that has to be also, drive 
the growth. But we want to be slightly higher growth in these new 
segments. 
 
That's why we're creating a team. So our target is to strategy supposing we 
altogether achieving a growth of double digit or like 10%, 11%, then we 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 8 of 19 
 
maybe achieve 8% growth in Surface and then 14%, 15% overall growth in 
multimodal products. So that's the target. And margin level will be certainly 
improved once we will get the volumes and revenue growth, and we will be 
back to normal margin levels. 
 
So, profitability-wise, all products doing very well. But somehow some 
capacity is unutilized in new network we're creating for first mile and last 
mile deliveries for these new services like Rail and Air because mid-mile is 
already decided as a train and flights. 
 
But first mile and second mile, we somehow, we're creating like more 
network to be reached customer very fast and to service level has to be like 
very high. So that somehow is slight vacancies there, which will be, once we 
will be like picking the volume in gradually, then it will also fill up. 
Krupashankar NJ:            Understood Sir, Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruvin Kadakia from SKP 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
I actually wanted to understand that with respect to our capex that we have 
till FY27, it would be really kind if you could give me some kind of a breakup 
as to how much are we planning to incur in FY26 and FY27? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Well, so we have taken a target to, for the last 3 years and including 
FY26 and FY27. For the 5 years, we have taken a target of Rs. 500 crores 
capex plan. Of that, in last 3 years, we spent Rs. 200 crores. Now I think in 
this year, we will be finished with Rs. 100 crores. And again, in next year 
Rs.100 crores. So this way, I think we will be finished and out of Rs. 500 
crores, we may be like Rs. 400 crores plus. That's, I think we will achieve by 
FY27. And then once we will be in the mid of year of FY27, then we will 
finalize again the next 4, 5 years capex plan. 
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
So is it safe to say that the Rs. 500 crores chances are that it will extend 
beyond FY27, like it can happen till FY28? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. That's the high probability, yes. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
All right, sir. And any guidance that you would like to give with respect to 
EBITDA margin, volume growth or realization growth for the next 2 years? 
Mukti Lal: 
In this year, we're targeting volume growth is in single digit, high single digit, 
like 8%, 9%. And with the price hikes, we will want to be like 11%, 12% in 
FY26. And then in the next year around volume growth, again, double-digit 
and then profit margin is around 13% revenue growth and margin would be 
back to EBITDA will be normal in 15% to 16% range. 
Dhruvin Kadakia:            Okay sir, That’s all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes, Thanks for taking my Question. Sir, if you could help us understand in 
terms of the, so Rs. 200 crores you mentioned in terms of capex, but I 
presume the opex is also hurting us. Is there any estimation as to what is the 
extent of the under absorption of these costs, like, or let me put it in 
another fashion. 
 
If you could help us understand on the Surface Express, which has been our 
core in the past, what is the margin compression we have seen from a 15%, 
has it fallen to 10% or 9% or it is still 13%, 14%, but balance 400 bps impact 
is because of the other verticals? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Well, so you rightly said there is a low margin compression itself in 
Surface Express because this is the biggest service we are offering here. 
Margin is slightly like decline in other multimodal product where because 
we've seen an inflationary pressure or do flow by these airlines and airport 
privatization in air segment. 
 
And obviously, this increase in Air International is slightly low margin 
business. EBITDA margin is around in the range of 10% to 12%, but though it 
is not a big business right now, it will grow. That is our long-term strategy is 
to be like derisk the revenue stream because we are usually like depending 
on one segment of business. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
So we derisk ourselves by the clientele ratio because we have high clientele 
in Surface, but we want to derisk ourselves with the diversification on the 
service level also. So that's why we want to strengthen this multimodal 
services or other services these offerings also. 
 
So that's why we're simultaneously creating a team for these other services 
also. So that's why margin is slightly less on the, otherwise, on operating 
level, we are also like very good margin and other services also, except this 
one Air International business. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, I'm a bit lost if you could elaborate a little bit very clearly. So let's say, 
you have said 17% is our, the other verticals, right? 82%, 83% is Surface 
Express. Have I understood the number right? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. 
Achal Lohade: 
You've said that your margins are fairly stable for the Surface, which used to 
be 15% before, right? That alone can give 12% EBITDA margin. 
Mukti Lal: 
Now it is around 13% 
Achal Lohade: 
13%, okay. So there is a 200 bps contraction there. And that is driven by 
what? Is that to do with the pricing, competition or simply you're not able to 
take a price increase? What is it? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So it's a combination of 3 things as we, because we faced this challenge 
in last year. This year, hopefully, you have seen the numbers are like same 
cost what we have in the last year. So basically, that was happened due to 
toll tax increases and labor wage increases, and we were not able to passing 
on to customers. 
 
So that's why that contraction happened on like 200 basis points in last year 
only, 150 basis to 200 basis points. This year, we're trying to be like increase 
the prices, which we have already taken in this Q1, almost 75 basis points in 
prices. And we will keep continuing this year, we are targeting to increase at 
least 2% in overall pricing from the Surface segment. So we're working on 
that. That's our strategy. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. So let's say, sorry, I'm just trying to clarify for the sake of 
understanding. So you're saying that 83% is at 13%, that alone gives 10%. So 
that 17% is at 0 margin. Have I understood right? 
Mukti Lal: 
No, not 0, but they are very less margin because we're creating a network 
for that. That's why in each month, we're adding the branches, we're adding 
the vehicle to get more businesses on Rail and Air. So that's why supposing 
we put, so each month, we're adding the capacity. I think we will be 
streamlined that one in quarter 2, more or less. 
 
Then after that, we will be like building the capacity and building the 
customer base, and then we will be further if need some expansion, then we 
will do after that only. So we will be finished that. And other thing also like 
we're creating a team for this business also. 
 
So that cost is also adding, that will be, I think we will be finished the hiring 
by September end and then it will normalize. So margin level would be, 
again, in that way, EBITDA margin would be come in the range of 14% to 
15% for this multimodal products also put together. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And just last question, if I may, with respect to the capex, what 
we have spent on the automation, right? Of this Rs. 200 crores of the total 
Rs. 400 crores, what we will end up spending between FY23 to FY27, right? 
Of this, how much is going for the automation and how much is going for 
the new branches, new locations, new warehousing, etc.? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Well, so basically, for automation put together, we will be considering 
like 2 we already did and 2 more will be by FY27. So, total put together, 
capex is around Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores in automation and remaining 
on construction and land buying and all. So this is the ratio for that. So, 25% 
and 75% because branch expansion, we really don't need much because 
there's an opex is there for like we're putting the vehicle for additional and 
all. 
 
But on a branch network, we don't need to put anything much capex for 
that. For the 1 branch, I think Rs. 1 lakh and Rs. 2 lakh is suffice for that. 
Sometime like supposing we're opening up the branch for the Rail. So, we 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 12 of 19 
 
might putting in the same location. So, there's no additional capex we need 
to put there. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood.  
Mukti Lal: 
We really don't need capex and hardly this basically going into 90% plus is 
going into this sorting center only. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. Okay. And just one factual question. Is there any overlap in terms of 
the operations between us and TCIL, whether it is last mile or mid-mile as in 
line haul or the warehousing or the corporate office at all? 
Mukti Lal: 
No. Since inception of this division as we are a part of TCIL, since that time, 
we were not having any kind of operation together, except a few offices 
we're sitting together because these are the admin offices like regional 
offices or controlling offices and all. Other than that, nothing we are doing 
like anything is overlapping there. 
Achal Lohade: 
Totally independent. 
Mukti Lal: 
Independent. And business line is also like completely different because we 
do air, they are not doing air at all. They're doing shipping, we are not doing 
shipping. So completely, completely different service offerings and different 
network and altogether. 
Achal Lohade:                 Got it. This is very helpful sir, Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Yes. Hi, Good evening, My first question is on regarding the multimodal 
transportation what we're doing. So, what are the broad time lines by when 
we believe the margins will come back to the Surface level? Is it like 1 year 
away, 2 years away? Or like how far are we from when the margins will start 
to come back to company level margins? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So well, so basically, on multimodal and other offerings, we will be 
almost done expansion for current time. So, I think by September, we 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 13 of 19 
 
slightly face margin pressure on multimodal. After that, that will be, because 
we're building up the revenues also in additional network we created. 
 
And we're also putting team for the more businesses. So, I'm hopeful 
quarter 3 onwards, we will be like normalized in the range of 12% to 14% 
margin level will be start in multimodal as well because then we will be able 
to utilize this network fully or in a maximum level. So that will be directly 
add to our profits. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Got it. 
Mukti Lal: 
Because our strategy is very clear. We are not putting extensive network, 
which is creating a loss to us because we are not like a start-up company. So 
whatever we are doing as a sustainable basis and gradually we're doing. So 
we at least have to margin on these businesses and we're building up the 
capacities over the period, so gradually. So we are not putting something in 
like 1 year and then utilizing that way. So we're going gradually. So whatever 
we did initially, we did that. And quarter 3 onwards, it will be normalized as 
a margin level. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Got it. So just to extend the same question. Now the clients that you get 
here, are they, what is the overlap with your existing clientele that you 
have? Is it primarily the same customer? Or are you going out and getting 
new customers for this business? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So it is basically kind of like almost 50%, 60% of the same client, which is 
needing a different service like Pharma community you take, so they're also 
doing Surface they're taking from us. Earlier, they're using continuously Air 
services. Now we also convinced them to use rail services wherever they fast 
like kind of mid solution in times of that like Surface and where in between 
they want. So service offering to same customer is like repletion of this 50%, 
60%. So customer base is almost same. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Got it. And my second question is on regarding the approach to e-commerce 
segment. Has there been any change in your approach to e-commerce? And 
has there been any change in the e-commerce industry itself? Is it now more 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 14 of 19 
 
viable to get more addition on e-commerce? Or any thoughts there would 
be helpful. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, that's a very good question. So basically, I just also forget to that for 
the, like Air International is a completely different customer. I just forget to 
mention and answer your last question. So there is a customer which is 
completely different. But other public services like either is a C2C or Air 
Domestic or Rail is almost like 50%, 60% customer are the same. So I am like 
now giving an answer for next question. 
 
So basically, for e-commerce, yes, we reposition our confidence on to like 
restart the business for the e-commerce customers, though we have already 
for the very few customers. Now we're creating a separate team and 
refocusing on because we're seeing market stabilize. Whatever we're doing 
is like visible, whether we will be under profit or not profit. So we're going in 
small customers because new entrants are also there. 
 
Now brand also like doing direct deliveries to customers. So D2C model is 
also working here. So we're focusing again, as gradually, and we will go with 
the profitable approach only. We will not be investing anything which is 
making loss for the company. So we are very much clear on that.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
But is it more of B2B or B2C is what you're focusing on the last mile delivery, 
what you're focusing on? Or is it more on the B2B within e-commerce? 
Mukti Lal: 
B2B normal Surface doing since long and is always focused. But now we're 
focusing more into B2C as well. So we're like employing the team there as 
well. 
Ashwin Reddy:               Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Koundinya Nimmagadda from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Yes. Hi, Thanks for the opportunity, So, starting with if you can a little bit 
throw some colour on what is on the macro background for the quarter 
gone by given the volume growth? And what is your outlook for Q2? I 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 15 of 19 
 
mean, 50% of Q2 FY26 is already done. So how is it looking like at this 
point in time, if you can speak a little bit about it, please? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Well, so a few positives happened in this quarter, like cost visibility is 
there. So we have stabled the cost and what the pressure we feel on a 
whole last year for the increase in labor cost or increase in toll cost and 
other costs. So that is slightly stable. Second, business environment is 
slightly like more probable now. Earlier it is like more uncertain what 
customer committed, but until ultimately we will not get that. But now it is 
slightly certain in some cases. 
 
But still we're facing a few, 2, 3 segments like especially engineering 
companies are really not, they are kind of having the growth of like 
moderate growth or like flattish growth continue. And same way, Lifestyle 
Company is also doing the same way. 
 
But a few segment has grown well like Pharma is upscale and taking shape 
and like new segment of paint division or kitchenware companies, they're 
doing very well. So that's where it's like a mixed bag. Basically, a few 
segment is really doing well and a few segment is still like having a flattish 
kind of growth. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Yes, sir. So I mean, if I were to look at your guidance, like you need to do 
about 8%, 12% kind of growth at least for the balance 9 months vis-a-vis 
decline in the current quarter. So how do you see this growth recovery part? 
Is it going to be immediate? Or you think it's going to be back-ended 
because this year, the festive season is front-loaded, but still you are saying 
that you haven't seen any recovery on the macro outlook. 
 
And at the same time, if I were to look at our volume growth, for some 
reason, I mean, one of your peers, I mean, they are reporting really good set 
of numbers while you are lagging. So just trying to understand, I mean, a 
difference with respect to the commentary and also delivery part, I mean, 
what is happening? And how do you intend to achieve your guidance? 
Mukti Lal: 
So well, our key business is, again, Surface and we are focusing on wherever 
with the high growth like in Pharma and this other segment I mentioned. So 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 16 of 19 
 
we will be focusing more and putting more sales team to achieve the higher 
revenue growth there. Second, multimodal, as we mentioned, and also 
given very good numbers in Air International and C2C business. 
So these numbers, again, you've seen like 14% growth and 33% growth and 
kind of numbers. So we're seeing slightly higher growth traction in these 
multimodal segments and kind of like 6%, 7% growth in, or you can say like 
around 8% growth with together price hiking, we are hopeful will be 
achieved because now certainty is slightly higher than last year. That's the 
only thing I can say. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Okay. So certainty, as you were saying that at least there will not be     
degrowth, maybe it's at least bottoming out at least on the negative growth 
front. Is that what you're trying to highlight? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Sir, can you put a number on, I mean, used to give this SME versus 
corporate customer mix. I mean, how, what is it now? And what was it 
earlier? Because I think you also in one of the previous calls spoke of 
increase in the corporate mix SME weakness. So how is it now? 
Mukti Lal: 
That is also like in positive side. So we have improved that earlier, last 
quarter, I think in the whole year, we maintain 52 corporate and 48 as a 
Sundry. Now it is 49 in Sundry and 51 corporate because our again target to 
be achieved 50-50. So that is also going well. 
 
That's way I'm hopeful because Sundry side, slightly, we have very positive 
signs to, for every customer. So we will be improving on that as well. So ratio 
would be by year-end would be 50-50, and that is also like directly add to 
our profit margin. That's why we're very confident to achieve higher profit 
margin in this year. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda:  Sure sir, Thank you and All the Best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pravesh from Four Lion Capital. Please  
go ahead. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Pravesh: 
Hi sir, Thank you for the opportunity, One quick clarification. You mentioned 
that the multimodal even today is between 70% to 80% of the revenue. And 
we have seen very high growth on both C2C and Air International, as you 
said. So I'm wondering why is that mix not increasing in the overall revenue 
because this was the same 17% to 20% even in Q1 FY25. 
Mukti Lal: 
So basically, you rightly said. So that number was for the whole last year was 
around 17%. Now it is near to 18%. But sometimes, like earlier, we have the 
e-commerce business was around 3% in overall, but now it is almost 
reduced to 2%. 
 
So this year onwards, we are again focusing on that's the reason the 
maintain is around 18% because again, numbers are almost, these numbers 
like we have the growth in Air International business, which is very small 
business right now, it will grow. So this number is around 18% now. 
Pravesh: 
Understood. What was our growth for the Rail Express business this 
quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
It's around 8%. 
Pravesh: 
Understood. Secondly, in terms of branch openings, I think we had a target 
for 80 branches this year. We've done 10 in this quarter. How much have we 
done in Q2 FY26 till now? 
Mukti Lal: 
We only opened three branches in this July month because overall our 
internal meetings and all. So that's why focus was slightly less to open the 
branches. And maximum branches, I think we will be open in September 
month. In this quarter, may not be like more than 12 or 13 branches in this 
quarter as well. 
Pravesh: 
Got it. Understood. And lastly, when are you thinking about the 2% price 
hike that you mentioned? And what's the confidence that this time we'll be 
able to get it through the customer? 
Mukti Lal: 
So it is consistent process, as I have taken in quarter 1 is around 75 basis 
points. And same way we want to be like 60 to 75 basis points in this 
quarter. So it will be a continuous process because after that, so we're 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 18 of 19 
 
targeting to improve almost 2%. That will be happened by, I think, in Q4 
FY26, it is not possible to take hike because that's the business time. So 
usually, it happened whatever happened till calendar year-end. So by this 
December, I think we will finish this process. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, I joined the call late if you can give me the volume number for this 
quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So, volume number is exactly 233,000 tons 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it. Sir, what I see over here is that the volume has degrown by around 
1% for the quarter. And when I recollect the transcript of the last quarter, 
after April and May, the volume is expected to grow in the low single digit 
during those 2 months. So eventually, can we say that June has been kind of 
a worst quarter for us, which led to around from plus, let's say, low single 
digit to minus 1% growth for this quarter. So, has that been the case or 
something else would say? 
Mukti Lal: 
No, basically, like April was, it is like a journey in a different way. So, June, 
we were expect a slightly higher volume, but June did not well that way. 
May was okay. May was fantastic. And April was basically like slightly okay, 
but June was the biggest like that way. And July is again a good month. So 
somehow now revenue has stabilized, as you've seen like a decline in the 
volume is hardly like less than 1%. 
 
So, this is okay. We're focusing more on this quarter 2. And visibility, I can 
say like visibility is there for the like quarters. Last year, we said visibility 
was, uncertainty was high. So that we overall basis in our overall customer 
base, we're seeing certainty is like higher than last year and the visibility is 
slightly high. So that's it. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Chander Agarwal: 
Thank you all for joining us today. We have endeavored to address all your 
questions. Should you have any further inquiries, please feel free to reach 
out to our Investor Relations team, and we would be happy to assist. We 
look forward to connecting with you in the next quarter. Wishing you a 
healthy time ahead and a Happy Independence Day and Krishna 
Janmashtami in advance. Thank you. 
Mukti Lal: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
