 
5th August, 2025 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip code: 500302 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol: PEL 
Sub.:   Transcript of conference call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation of our letter dated 22nd July, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call held on 29th July, 2025 on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025 
 
The transcript of the said conference call is also hosted on the website of the Company at 
Concall_Transcript_Q1FY26_PiramalEnterprisesLimited_July29_2025 
  
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Bipin Singh 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As Above. 
 
 
 
BIPIN SINGH
Digitally signed by BIPIN 
SINGH 
Date: 2025.08.05 14:09:58 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Piramal Enterprises Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. AJAY PIRAMAL – CHAIRMAN – PIRAMAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. ANAND PIRAMAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – PIRAMAL FINANCE 
MR. RUPEN JHAVERI – GROUP PRESIDENT – PIRAMAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. JAIRAM SRIDHARAN – CEO (RETAIL LENDING) & MD (PIRAMAL FINANCE) 
MR. YESH NADKARNI – CEO (WHOLESALE LENDING) 
MS. UPMA GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. RAVI SINGH – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS AND STRATEGY) 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Piramal Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. The results material are available on the company's website, and 
you may refer to them during the discussion. 
 
Please note that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements, which must 
be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. These 
statements are based on the management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty 
and changes. 
 
On the call, we have with us Mr. Ajay Piramal, the Chairman; Mr. Anand Piramal, Executive 
Director, Piramal Finance; Mr. Rupen Jhaveri, Group President; Mr. Jairam Sridharan, CEO, 
Retail Lending and MD Piramal Finance; Mr. Yesh Nadkarni, CEO, Wholesale Lending; Ms. 
Upma Goel, CFO; and Mr. Ravi Singh, Head of Investor Relations and Strategy. 
 
I now hand the conference over to the Chairman, Mr. Ajay Piramal, for his comments. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Piramal: 
Good day, and thank you for joining us today on this call. With the first quarter of the current 
year, we've had a good start of the year with balanced performance on all key parameters. 
Consolidated AUM grew by 22% to ~INR85,700 crores. This compares with a growth of 17% 
year-on-year in quarter 4 of FY '25 and 10% year-on-year in the quarter 1 of FY '25. Retail AUM 
grew by 37% year-on-year and forms 80% of our total AUM. Our Growth business, comprising 
of retail and wholesale 2.0, now stands at 93% of our total AUM. 
 
With reduced drag of the Legacy business, our consolidated PBT is INR301 crores, out of which 
Growth business, PBT is INR295 crores. Growth business PBT thus fully translated into our 
consolidated PBT. Benefiting from the same dynamics, the consolidated NIM increased by 10 
basis pointsQ-on-Q to 5.9%. 
 
The overall risk performance in the retail portfolio improved sequentially. It is now at a 
comparable level to that seen in the second quarter of FY '25. Wholesale 2.0 portfolio maintained 
0 delinquencies. The credit cost for Growth business declined to 1.4% versus 1.8% in the last 
quarter of FY '25. 
 
Growth business opex to AUM continues to moderate. It stood at 3.9% in quarter 1 of the current 
year versus 4.5% in quarter 1 of FY '25. Growth business, PBT to AUM, excluding POCI gains, 
thus came in at 1.4% in this quarter versus 1.1% in the full year of FY '25. 
 
The first quarter of FY '26 is likely to be the last quarter before merger of Piramal Enterprises 
with Piramal Finance. The merger is expected to complete by September 2025. With the merger, 
all our lending businesses will get consolidated under Piramal Finance with a much simplified 
corporate structure. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
Total capital adequacy ratio was 19.3% versus 23.6% at the end of last year. The change of the 
HFC subsidiary to an NBFC status and growth in business drove this reduction. The completion 
of merger process will lead to reversal of about 245 basis points of this reduction. 
 
Our balance sheet remains highly liquid with total cash and equivalents of ~INR9,000 crores, 
which is 9% of total assets. The Lantheus and Life Molecular Imaging deal relating to the 
erstwhile Piramal Imaging business has successfully closed on July 2025. The consideration due 
to us would be based on 2025 profits of the business to be calculated at the end of the calendar 
year 2025. We expect to receive the payment subsequently in the last quarter of this current 
financial year. Our earlier guidance related to this matter remains unchanged. 
 
Finally, last quarter, we shared our 5 targets for FY '26 on Total AUM, Growth AUM, Retail - 
Wholesale AUM mix, Legacy AUM reduction and total consolidated PAT. With Q1 FY '26 
numbers, we are on track to meet all these targets. 
 
I now hand over to Jairam, Yesh and Upma to share more details on our Q1 FY '26 performance. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to take you through the story and what we have 
seen in the first quarter in retail lending. We have had a very strong start of the year for our 
business. We do expect usually a little bit of seasonal weakness in the first quarter. However, 
we were able to sustain AUM growth at 37% year-on-year for June ending quarter versus the 
35% for the quarter ended March '25. 
 
From a disbursement standpoint, in the first quarter of this year, disbursements were at INR8,718 
crores, up 28% year-on-year. In our flagship mortgage business, which comprises the affordable 
housing loans and loan against property, growth was 38% year-on-year to INR47,101 crores. 
Mortgages now account for 55% of the total AUM of the company and 68% of retail AUM. 
Now the market itself, as we all know, is growing sub 10%, I want to address the question of 
what are the key drivers behind our strong AUM growth at scale in such a market. 
 
We believe there are 3 reasons why our AUM growth continues to be strong. Number one, 
segment clarity. Our focus has been always on middle tier part markets, and this has helped us 
buck overall market average trends where there have been some challenges, both at the top end 
and at the bottom end, but the middle end has done well. So that segment clarity has helped. 
 
Number two, a multiproduct strategy. As we have seen over the last 2 years, diversified NBFCs 
have delivered consistently stronger growth than monoline, and this choice and strategy for us 
has again helped. 
 
Number three, high-tech plus high-touch, our business choice on this front. We have invested a 
lot in our branch network. That branch network is now rapidly maturing and that helps us from 
a productivity standpoint. And parallelly, we have also invested in technology and AI/ML 
capabilities that are allowing rapid scaling of what is fundamentally a high-touch business. So 
those are the 3 reasons we believe our AUM growth continues to be robust in an otherwise weak 
market. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
Moving on to the credit risk performance. Key risk metrics such as credit costs, slippages, 
delinquencies broadly improved on a sequential basis. As you can see on Slide 21, 90-plus days 
past due in retail was at 0.8% in the very narrow range that we have consistently maintained 
over the last 3 years. Risk in this quarter was seen at levels comparable to the second quarter of 
last year. 
 
Secured lending products basically had a very stable quarter on most risk metrics. There was 
some improvement seen on an overall level in unsecured business on a sequential basis, Q1 
compared to Q4. However, it was not for all businesses within unsecured. 
 
Salaried businesses in unsecured saw a very strong Q1, reduction in all risk metrics. We did 
increase our disbursements in this segment by 57% year-on-year as we have seen these strong 
trends continue for a while. Trends in digital loans and microfinance were also largely stable to 
improving. 
 
There were 2 pockets of the portfolio that did show risk deterioration in the quarter. They were 
MSME unsecured and used car finance. MSME unsecured is 6% of total AUM. The portfolio 
which we sourced open market did deteriorate in Q1 compared to Q4. In Q4, we have seen an 
improvement in the segment, but in Q1, we saw a deterioration again. 
 
If you see our risk chart, the long-term trajectory that we show, you will see fairly flat behavior 
of delinquencies in MSME unsecured. That is mostly because cross-sell business has actually 
done well, even though open market sourcing business has deteriorated during the course of the 
quarter. Consequently, we reduced our disbursements in this segment by 30% quarter-on-quarter 
and 17% year-on-year. 
 
In this segment, we track around 30 industry sectors from a risk standpoint. All MSME 
businesses, our exposure is looked at on the 30 industry sectors. We have seen fresh origination 
credit risk deteriorate in 23 of the 30 sectors. 
 
Used cars, which is 5% of total AUM, also showed a slightly unusual uptick, which is unseasonal 
for the first quarter. This trend needs to be watched closely in the months ahead. However, the 
overall improvement in risk was clear. It was also aided by a favorable impact of an ECL 
rebalancing effort that happened between Q4 and Q1. Between all of that, credit costs declined 
during the course of the quarter on a sequential basis. Upma will later share a little bit more 
detail on this. 
 
If you look at Slide #16, our customer franchise continues to grow. It grew by 21% in the quarter 
on a Y-o-Y basis to 4.8 million. A significant portion of our customer originations are indeed 
tapped for future cross-sell opportunities, which you will see on this chart, it's 50-plus percent. 
And currently, we are sourcing 25% to 30% of our unsecured disbursements from cross-sell. 
 
Our number of branches continues to remain unchanged in Q1 at 517 branches. Our focus in 
recent quarters has been on raising productivity of existing branches and increasing the number 
of products offered per branch. You will see details of this on Slide 20. For the last 9 quarters, 
you see that we have consistently reduced the opex to AUM ratio for our retail business, from a 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
high of 6.5% in the fourth quarter FY '23, to where we are today, which is 4.2%. We aim to 
continue the strength in line with our medium-term guidance of 3.5% to 4%. 
 
Our performance is lowering the opex to AUM in these last 2 years has been slightly better than 
what we had anticipated at the beginning of this journey. The outperformance was, thanks, in 
part to the investments that we have made in technology, AI and recently Gen AI. 
 
Slide 19 highlights some of the most successful use cases of Gen AI in our business, making 
significant headway across risk management, operating leverage, productivity and control, 
among other things. 
 
Slide 20 shows the yield on the retail business, which has been broadly stable at around 13.3%. 
A different chart of the same slide shows our reported fee income. You might recall that in 
financial year '25, we changed processing fee to an amortization model, and that impacted this 
line item pretty significantly. But you can see on the chart on Slide 20, that this has been 
gradually normalizing for the last 5 quarters, and the underlying fee collection trends remain 
very stable. 
 
So this improvement should continue. With increase in DA and co-lending transactions, their 
share in retail income has also steadily increased in the last 1 year. A little bit of a forward-
looking heads up to the investing audience. Recently, RBI has notified some new rules on 
prepayment charges for floating rate loans to individuals and MSMEs. This rule will become 
effective from 1st January 2026. 
 
This will impact one part of the income stream from our retail business, particularly the 
prepayment fees in the MSME lending business, the LAP business, that will get impacted. 
However, we do have some time before the rules kick in, and it should allow us to plan and 
mitigate the impact of these new rules in other ways. So we are not changing anything from a 
guidance perspective that we have shared before. 
 
Overall, we remain confident about the continued steady scale-up of our multi-product retail 
lending business, with consistent improvement in operating leverage and stable asset quality 
through the cycle. 
 
With this, I hand over the call to my colleague, Yesh. 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
Thanks a lot, Jairam, and good evening, everyone. On the wholesale lending side, in the first 
quarter of FY '26, our AUM for the new business, our 2.0 version of our business, grew by 14% 
quarter-on-quarter to INR10,425 crores. We disbursed INR2,302 crores during the quarter across 
real estate and CMML segments. This was an increase of 35% quarter-on-quarter in 
disbursements. 
 
Origination per loan was INR60 crores during the quarter, while disbursed amount per loan was 
about INR30 crores. The portfolio has an average ticket size now of INR74 crores, which is in 
line with the previous few quarters, and the effective interest rate stands at 14.5%, featuring a 
well-balanced asset duration and diversification. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
 
We continue to see strong tailwinds across real estate and CMML segments and will continue, 
therefore, to grow this book in a calibrated manner and a granular manner through FY '26. 
Repayments were almost 43% of disbursements during quarter 1, and they continue to remain 
at significant rate, signifying better than expected performance of the book, which continues to 
benefit from strong sector performance and quality partner and asset selection. Since the 
inception of the new wholesale lending business, we have not experienced any delinquency in 
the portfolio. 
 
I'll just finish with this and hand it over to Upma for discussion. 
Upma Goel: 
Thank you, Yesh. Good evening to everyone. Moving to our financial performance. In Q1 FY 
'26, we reported consolidated net profit of INR276 crores, growth of 52% Y-o-Y over Q1 FY 
'25 net profit of INR181 crores. Pro forma PBT for Growth business stood at INR295 crores, 
growth of 44% Y-o-Y over PBT of INR204 crores in Q1 FY '25. 
 
With reducing drag of Legacy business, Consol NIM increased by 10 basis points quarter-on-
quarter to 5.9%. Growth AUM grew by 38% Y-o-Y to INR79,430 crores. Operating profit grew 
by 51% Y-o-Y to INR565 crores. 
 
In Q1 FY '26, the reported Growth business credit cost was at 1.4% versus 1.8% in Q4 FY '25. 
Last quarter Q4 FY '25, credit costs included a negative impact of about INR45 crores due to 
ECL rebalancing mainly in the microfinance business. In quarter 1 FY '26, ECL rebalancing for 
the overall portfolio had a positive impact of about INR105 crores. 
 
Our total GNPA and NNPA ratio stands at 2.8% and 2%, respectively. Our network stands at 
INR27,174 crores. Capital adequacy is at 19.3% on consolidated balance sheet basis versus 
23.6% at the end of March '25. Since completion of PEL-PFL merger, we expect reversal of 
approximately 245 basis points from this reduction in the capital adequacy. 
 
In Q1 FY '26, our cost of borrowings reduced marginally to 9.1%. We continue to actively 
diversify our borrowing mix. Securitization and international borrowing share stands at 18%, 
while share of borrowings from mutual fund has increased 12% versus 6% in March '24.  The 
fixed-floating gap between assets and liabilities has now been mostly neutralized to align the 
balance sheet better with the declining rate environment. 
 
With these remarks, I would now like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
I have two questions. The first one is on your provisioning coverage in retail. So if we see the 
data, I mean, Stage 1 provisioning cover has gone down from 1% to 0.8%, Stage 3 has gone 
down from 40% to 34%-odd. If we look at the kind of asset composition within retail in terms 
of secured, unsecured or just kind of cuts, it looks like not much has changed from Q4 March to 
June. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
So what explains, I mean, how is this ECL model kind of leading to this change in terms of 
provision coverage on retail? I mean in terms of retail assets have grown sequentially nearly 7-
odd percent, where the absolute provisions had gone down. I mean, again not very big, but it has 
gone down. So net-net, of course, the provision coverage. So what is explaining this? 
And second, now again, more a broader question, of course, I mean that your rundown of Legacy 
had been growing at a great pace. So let's look into FY '27 when you have the Piramal Finance 
as the merge single-listed entity and you are going to have no tax probably for the next few 
years.  
Assume that okay, whatever left overall Legacy is there, including everything on the kind of the 
consol balance sheet that is largely the Growth business. I mean how do you see, I mean, your 
NIMs, opex and credit costs basically panning out, including whatever drag from the rest of our 
Legacy then? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Sure. Thanks, Avinash. So your reading is absolutely correct. See, the way this is all happening. 
I'm answering the first part of the question on provision coverage and retail. This is all a part of 
the ECL rebalancing thing that Upma spoke about, right? In the first quarter of every year, we 
do ECL rebalancing.  
And in our case, we = over the last 3 years, have consistently been reducing the weightage of 
external data and increasing the weightage of internal data. Our internal performance has 
continued to be a little bit better than what market average has been. And so as we are actually 
increasing the weightage of internal data, as we are getting more and more mature in the 
business, so you are seeing some ECL releases happening when the re-grounding happens. 
This year, we split the re-grounding into two parts. All the un-favorable impacts we took in the 
fourth quarter and some of the favorable impact we have took now in the first quarter. So you 
are seeing some lumpy releases. That's what Upma mentioned in her remarks that there was an 
unfavorable INR45 crores in the previous quarter. And this quarter, we have seen a favorable 
INR100 crores. All of that is coming from the PD re-grounding that happens once a year. So 
that's what you're seeing here. Nothing has changed on the LGD front. LGD is all the same. PD 
has just been re-grounded to our internal data. And because our internal data on secure continues 
to be better than market, so with every passing year, as our internal data weightage is increasing, 
that PD is actually falling a little bit.  
So that's the mechanical outcome that you're seeing on the table that you just mentioned. The 
second part of your question, which is where does this book go as we look at next year. See, 
right now, we talked about let's say, on the Growth business is at about 1.4% - 1.5% ROA. 
PBT ROA, which is essentially going to be the same as PAT ROA because of the factors that 
you mentioned on carry forward loss. So at 1.5%, we have guided that in the medium term, that 
needs to get to 3%, right, or close to 3%. That's kind of where we believe our business model 
can lead us, somewhere around 3% ROA.  
But it's not all going to happen in 1 year. But next year, as the Legacy book continues to fall 
even further and the Growth book moves upward from 1.5% to, let's say, somewhere in the 2 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
handle, let's say, mid-2s towards the end of next year, that's kind of what the entire books ROA 
will also end up being.  
So that's directionally what you should keep in mind. We have not guided specifically on profits 
for next year, I want to be clear. For this year, to reiterate, we have guided, specifically on profits, 
which is INR1,300 crores to INR1,500 crores of PAT at the full year level. And with roughly 
INR280 crores in the first quarter, I think we are well on track. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So firstly, with regards to unsecured MSME, you also highlighted that the open source business 
has shown some credit deterioration, while the cross-sell, MSME unsecured still continues to do 
well. What I'm trying to understand, sir, right now, what we've been hearing, at least in the last 
maybe 1- 2 months, lot of rationing of credit has started happening in MSME unsecured. 
And I'm talking more particularly about no tickets, smaller ticket MSME unsecured loans. More 
and more lenders want to do bigger ticket MSME. So to that end, don't you think that in an 
environment like this, where there are other lenders calling out that there is leverage in terms of 
number of loans that has built up in MSME unsecured kind of growing too fast in this segment. 
While I remember in your opening remarks, you spoke about the fact that we have reduced our 
disbursements this quarter in this segment. Don't you see going too fast will kind of maybe lead 
to some accidents, given how things are? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes, absolutely. That's quite correct. See and right now, MSME in our business you have to look 
at things every quarter, every month, figure out which business or which segment is actually 
going through some challenges. And wherever you see some challenges, you have to put the 
brakes on, where you see opportunities, you've got to accelerate.  
So this business is kind of always optimizing sort of business. You can't have a one-off strategy 
and just fill it, shut it, forget it. You can never do that in this business. Right now, MSME 
unsecured is the area. If you look at our charts on Slide 14, you will see what we have done to 
disbursements and what has happened to disbursements and MSME unsecured over the last three 
quarters.  
At Piramal from a level of INR1,200 crores of disbursement per quarter, we are now down to 
INR700 crores. So we've been bringing down disbursement for three quarters now. Let's see, 
let's see how this develops. But these things – Abhijit even I have spoken about this in the past. 
You have it predict it beforehand where the risk is going to rise. So we detected this three 
quarters back as you can see on Page 14 and now we are seeing some of the risk at the overall 
level. So action have to predate the risk outcomes.  
So we have taken action three quarters ago. At some point of time, you will see us increase the 
volumes here for the exact same reason, that we are seeing something in the early data, which is 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
making us feel comfortable. And when we do see that, you will see us accelerate as well. 
Constantly, we will do that in every business, as you have seen us do over the last 3 years, and 
this is something you'll continue to see us do. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. And sir, I mean just a related question here. I mean this quarter, I mean, a lot of 
NBFCs have already reported. We are seeing some weakness in credit across most product 
segments, even in secured product segments, right? So just trying to understand, in your 
assessment, how is the environment like?  
Because I must give credit where it's due. At least from your results, right, doesn't look like this 
quarter, there was any credit risk really building up. So we've done well both on growth as well 
as the risk. So in your assessment, I mean, how is the environment looking? And related 
question, you also spoke about some spike in used car loans. Is this more a spike in the refinance 
business of used car loans rather than buying and selling of used cars? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. Now let me start with the last part of your question, which is absolutely spot on. I don't 
know where you got that sound bite. That is exactly the right sound bite. In used cars, the 
problem is in the refinance segment. It is not in the sale purchase segment. The sale purchase is 
doing just fine. It's in refinance. Even within refinance, it is in the self-employed part of the 
refinance market. 
So that's where the problem is, but the problem is acute enough that it is showing up on the full 
UCL results. I'm very surprised actually that you gave me that sound bite, but I didn't know that 
was known. So kudos for catching that, that is exactly what is happening in the market. 
Refinance is where the problem is. 
On your first part of your question on how I'm seeing the market itself and kind of the risk 
environment. I think the risk environment is stable. I think Q1 was a stable quarter. There was 
nothing which is surprising that happened. Used car is probably the one thing that I'm a little bit 
surprised about.  
Like this is not something we might have -- we would have anticipated getting into the quarter. 
So that's the one thing which we have found a little bit unseasonal and a bit different. But most 
other things, even MSME, unsecured or MFI, all this stuff has been fine. Nothing has really 
deteriorated.  
There's an accumulated effect of the last few months and a couple of quarters that you have seen 
play out in the numbers, but nothing particularly untoward. So it's a decent enough market. 
Salaried customers continue to do very well. It's the self-employed where there is a problem.  
It's still not a problem as acute as it was in, let's say, the third quarter of last year. The third 
quarter of last year, in my mind, was still the peak of credit risk. Risk and the environment has 
improved in the fourth quarter and has been steady in the first quarter. And for some people and 
ourselves included, it has improved a little bit in the first quarter, but even for a market, my 
guess is that it will be stable on the whole. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
But salaries has done well. Self-employed has struggled a little bit, but it's not struggling as 
much as it was before November last year. Things have improved since then. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And just one last question, Jairam, sir. So while we appreciate we are at PBT ROA or PAT ROA 
of about 1.4%, 1.5%. Over the medium term, we want to get to 3%. But I mean, as you also 
acknowledged the reality is that we're still far away from a double-digit ROE. But at the same 
time, we're growing very, very strongly, especially in our Growth businesses, growing at, I mean, 
30% thereabouts. 
So, I mean, would there be a time maybe by the end of the year where CRAR would trigger an 
equity raise? Because I understand right now, more of a HFC to NBFC classification, which has 
led to this compression in CRAR, which will again get released when the merger is complete.  
But given how we are growing and given where we are placed on the CRAR, do you think by 
the end of this year, it could trigger an equity raise or perhaps to give some comfort to the credit 
rating agencies if it helps in getting some credit rating upgrade given that now retail is the 
dominant portion of your overall AUM? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. That's a good question. See, our numbers don't get us to a raise by the end of the year. In 
general, like right now, let's say, we get the claw back of 245 basis points that Upma spoke 
about, we'd be in the mid-21 kind of range in terms of CRAR. We are reasonably comfortable 
till about, let's say, 18%. 
Below 18%, we are probably looking at a raise event. I don't think we are getting to 18% by end 
of the year. So even with this growth, there is accumulated profit that's coming in. Let us see, 
these things are dynamic, and we'll have to keep updating you. But our current expectation is 
not pointing us in the direction of a raise in this financial year. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. This is useful. Again, congratulation on a good quarter. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Ravi reminds me of another important element as well, that there are some investment portfolios 
that we have on our balance sheet, which, as you know, carry fairly high risk weight. As and 
when we are able to exit those investment portfolios, not just will it lighten up the balance sheet 
and make cash available or capital available for growth, it will also disproportionately release 
risk-weighted assets.  
So its impact on capital adequacy would be disproportionate. So that's an important element as 
well to keep in mind. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Jairam sir, I mean just for clarification, you spoke about this Legacy AUM, which we'll get 
released, that will release a disproportionate amount of capital or I kind of missed. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, the investment assets. The Shriram Life and General insurance etc. Yes, those are all equity 
investments, right? So the risk weights are very high. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
That’s understood. Thank you very much and I wish you and your team the very best. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
head. 
Shreya Shivani: 
My first question is actually just a clarification. Your AIF recovery for 1Q '25 was INR103.7 
crores, which you have regrouped in the other operating income. So is it fair to believe that the 
INR82 crores of other operating income that you've shown in 1Q '26, that's the entire AIF 
recovery or there some bit of other part in it? So what is the AIF recovery number? That will be 
my first question. 
My second question is on the employee expenses. For the quarter, these expenses, particularly 
the employee portion of it, seems a little elevated. Can you help us understand what happened? 
What measures were taken or was it because of hiring or some color around that would be useful. 
And my third question again is around expenses itself. But if I look into your pro forma P&L for 
the 3 segments, you have about INR30 crores, INR30 crores of expense coming from the Legacy 
book and from the Alternatives book, right? I want to understand what are those expenses 
towards? And as and when that book reduces, how much of that is variable or something that 
eventually your Growth book will have to absorb?  
So just trying to understand. It's not a big number, I understand, but yes, just trying to 
understand? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. Okay. So there are three parts to your question. Your first question, which is on AIF 
recovery. AIF recoveries in the first quarter are 0. So there is nothing in the P&L that has come 
from AIF recoveries. You are seeing an element in the P&L that is coming from recovery from 
old written off accounts.  
So in the same wholesale book, not in the AIF book, but in the loan part of the book, there were 
some assets which we had taken 100% provision on in the past and which we had written off as 
well, prudentially written-off. We did see some recoveries coming from there. Those are the 
items that you're seeing in the P&L. AIF recoveries, we have not seen.  
There are some lumpy assets and there are only 4 assets left in our AIF book. We do not see any 
recoveries from them in the first quarter. So what you are seeing is the recovery from the write-
off. Your second question was on staff costs. Nothing has changed in staff costs. Basically, we 
have some hiring as you might recall, we started a new business on the Micro LAP in the latter 
half of last financial year.  
So we did some hiring for that and a little bit of hiring for our newly emerging MFI business in 
the fourth quarter of last year. So that staff, you are seeing full quarter numbers of that staff in 
this year. All our other businesses have seen no hiring in the last multiple quarters. And we have 
not opened any branches in the last few quarters.  
So what you're seeing is basically the impact of a little bit of hiring that we did for these two 
businesses, Microfinance and Micro LAP, that we did and completed in the fourth quarter of the 
last financial year. So that's it plus, of course, people get their increments and bonuses, etc, and 
the new pay scales become applicable from April. So that's one delta that you do see in Q1.  

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
So that's what you're basically seeing from a staff standpoint, nothing major to point out there. 
Not a whole lot is going to happen to that line item through the rest of the year. Then your third 
question was on costs on the Legacy book. See, some of those costs, I would say it's about 50-
50.  
50% of those costs will remain and 50% of the costs will go away as the Legacy book goes. The 
part that will remain is the part where our team, our staff are engaging with these clients and 
those people, we will naturally absorb them in other parts of our business. So that part of the 
cost will remain. 
However, there are also going to be a lot of legal costs and some of these recovery procedure 
cost, etc., that are also part of that, which will obviously not apply when that book goes away. 
So you should assume that about 50% of those costs will remain and 50% will go. 
Shreya Shivani: 
That is very useful. And just one more clarification that I wanted was on the completion of the 
merger, the expectation is about September, October. So from third quarter onwards, we can 
expect building in no taxes for you guys, right or does this happen on annual basis? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Hopefully, from second quarter itself. See if the process gets done, let us say, we are on the very 
last leg of the process, which is NCLT approval. The day NCLT approves and let's say, the next 
day we file with ROC. Then basically, as of that day, we are a single company. The moment we 
are a single company, all the carry forward losses are now available to this single company. 
 
So if that process happens towards the last week of August or first week of September, which is 
our current expectation, though, of course, it's a regulatory process, it can take its time. But our 
current expectation is last week of August, first week of September, that should get done. The 
moment it gets done, we become a single company. 
 
So next quarter, if this process goes as per what I'm suggesting to you now, next quarter, you 
should see a single company declaring results. And hence, naturally, that dynamic will play out. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. And if I can just squeeze in one more question. This is on your digital loan book, right? 
I mean this is one book which was flattish at about INR2,800 crores level for the last couple of 
quarters. 
 
And that has sort of picked up. Disbursement is also not at the same level as you have seen in 
FY '24, but now it is at a better level versus FY '25. So can you give some color on exactly what 
all segments or what all categories you're feeling more comfortable in disbursing in this 
particular segment? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
So that's a good catch. We have gotten more comfortable with digital lending in this quarter. 
And publicly mentioned this in the previous quarter's call as well that you might see us accelerate 
this segment, given some of the risk trends we are seeing, and that's exactly what you have seen 
now. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
If you look at the risk trajectory, if you look at Page 21, for example, and you look at what has 
happened to risk in digital loans, you've seen a couple of quarters of pretty steep improvement 
in risk. And that's what has actually given us confidence. 
 
What has happened here is that the market has shifted in very large part towards FLDG, which 
means the originator is still bearing a meaningful part of the risk. And the lenders, in this case, 
ourselves, are getting a lot more credit protection. 
 
And so the market has moved and some of the largest players in the market who historically 
were not offering FLDG-based origination, which because of that, we were not willing to do a 
lot of business there. That situation has changed. A lot more FLDG is now available, and that 
has made us a little bit more comfortable. 
 
There's also been a shakeout in the market. A lot of the weak guys have left, and only the slightly 
stronger guys are remaining now. So that's also given us confidence to actually go work more 
deeply, backed up with FLDG protection. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. So it's got to do more with the originators being more comfortable with the FLDG format 
now? And also, obviously, your own trend also being much better. There's no difference. You've 
not changed the product structure or the category or nothing of that sort has happened, is it? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
We continue to remain away from the very small ticket short duration business, the BNPL type 
business, which has been kind of very problematic in the cycle. We continue to remain away 
from it. That probably comprises 10%, 15% originations in digital, no more than that. So we 
continue to remain in the slightly larger ticket, slightly longer duration type players. 
 
And we have, in fact, increased proportion of salaried as well. In this, though, it is still a majority 
self-employed population, but we have increased the proportion of salaried as well. So the risk 
has continued to move favorably in this segment. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just two questions. One was on the asset quality side. When I look at your presentation, it looks 
like you seem to be doing fairly well on collections in most of the segments, let's say, other than 
used car loans. I mean I was curious, you had a slightly cautious commentary on MSMEs. So I 
was curious whether you see this trend for the industry? Or is it something that you're seeing in 
your portfolio? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
In our data early, Nischint, if you see business loans, you see that little blue line there, you can 
see it's fairly stable. Nothing much has happened even though it used to be at lower levels at the 
beginning of last year. It has increased, but you see that the blue line is relatively stable. 
 
However, it hides one important fact, which is that if I deaverage that blue line into 2 parts, one, 
which is about new open market origination and the other, which is cross-sell. What I'm finding 
is that the cross-sell part is actually doing really well, and the new open market origination stuff 
is actually not doing that well. It is actually still on an upward trajectory. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
So that's the driver behind my commentary that this MSME unsecured continues to remain 
problematic. And it has not gotten to a point that we are comfortable right now. Right now on 
surface, it is looking good because our cross-sell proportion has increased. Otherwise, it would 
not remain stable. It would show an upward trajectory. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Did you share the incremental cost of borrowing data number for the quarter? I remember 
you mentioned. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
We have shown the overall number which is 9.12%. Incremental cost of borrowing is in the 
same range, Nischint. It is somewhere between 9% and 9.1%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And one tiny question if I can squeeze in. This loan against mutual funds is something 
which you see as a secular trend? Or is it something that kind of is done opportunistically? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, no, it is secular. It is something that we want to build. I don't currently show it as a separate 
bar in our stack bar. Our general philosophy is if something becomes 2% of book, then we will 
start showing it as a separate color. Currently, it is not there yet. But in a quarter or 2, you might 
start seeing that come up. It's about what INR1,000 crores or something now of book. 
 
So yes, it is a business we like a lot. We like that business actually more than we like loan against 
shares. We think mutual funds, the general ownership in the market has improved,retail 
ownership of mutual funds has improved quite a bit in the last 2, 3 years, but not enough 
penetration of lending and not enough monetization of those assets has happened. So we do 
believe that there's a secular opportunity there. 
 
And NBFCs do have a little bit of an advantage here over banks, given the INR20-lakh limit that 
banks have. So it is a business that we like, and you will see us do more. Of course, it does tend 
to be a little bit of a cyclical business. If the market does well, the book utilization does increase 
quite a bit. The market has been a bit choppy. So utilizations have actually fallen a tad over the 
last few months, but it is secular. It's a business we strategically like. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
Jairam, just wanted to touch up on Slide number 22, instead of Slide number 21, okay? So here 
again, when you look at it in terms of the vintage risk, okay, that seems to be building up in 
salaried PL as well as in digital loans, if I'm reading it right. So how should we look at it? You 
have clearly called out with respect to used cars and business loans. But again, like say salaried 
PL and digital and I think disbursements in both these segments are growing. So how should we 
read that, yes? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. No, it's a good call out, Kunal, it's a good catch. This is a 90 plus in 12, month metric that 
we are showing. We also got a bunch of other metrics, 30 plus 6, in particular, that is actually 
doing better. So I'm feeling okay. But yes, if this trend continued for 2 more quarters or even 1 
more quarter, I would have to change commentary on this. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So that would be, but are we changing the stance on disbursements in these 2 segments 
because that's not clearly reflecting.  

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Right now, you should assume that in the business loans and UCL, a little bit of break on it. In 
salaried PL, accelerator is on. And housing and LAP, accelerator is on. Digital loan is running 
on neutral. That's the way you should think about it. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. So you said home loan and LAP that is clear accelerator on. On salaried PL, what 
did you mention? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Salaried PL, accelerator is on. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. That is also on. So this decline, which would be there, that's more of a seasonality in the 
1Q from INR1,490 to INR1,100. And digital, you are saying, it's like neutral, yes. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
That is right. But I do want to state that this is not a strategic stance. This is a tactical stance 
based on what I'm seeing in the data today. If tomorrow or next month of the data is a little bit 
different, I'm going to change my stance completely, right? So we are very flexible about this. 
We don't have a big kind of strategic view of that this business should be this much, that business 
should be this much. That is done by looking at the data and we will keep changing our mind. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And as you mentioned on MSME as well as, say, self-employed, you said like that is also 
struggling a little bit. That's more on the unsecured part. But on secured, would you be worried 
about? And within LAP, if you can highlight maybe in terms of how the self-employed 
proportion would be and would at any point in time, we could see some risk building up out 
there? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
See, LAP, almost 90% is self-employed. So it is a predominantly self-employed business. The 
small ticket lap is struggling. So smaller you go on ticket, the more the struggle is, and there are 
some risk challenges. We, of course, have seen some results in this season, which I've also 
pointed in that direction of other funds. Our experience is also the same. 
Kunal Shah: 
So that would be less than 10 lakhs, how would that be? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Less than 10 is in a bad condition. For less than 5 is in a very bad condition. The condition is 
very bad. Anybody who is less than 10 is in very, very deep trouble. But even less than 10 is not 
doing that great. But more than 10, everything is just fine. So far, we have not seen anything. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And how much would be the proportion for us in this two? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Very small. Less than 5 is not there, we don't do it. Less than 10, I don't know how much it is. 
Does anyone know? No, I don't remember. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So not a bigger one. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Overall, our average ticket size is 22, 23 lakhs, Kunal. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, ours is almost 25. So what we have mentioned, like average ticket size is 25. So there is 
not too much of worry on the left front. So you wouldn't be too bothered about it at this point in 
time. Even though you are seeing it in the smaller tickets and self-employed is still struggling a 
bit, but you are not too worried about it. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes, correct. The big problem we are seeing is in small ticket, big town. The combination of 
small ticket, big town is the worst. Our positioning is mid-ticket, mid-sized town, and we haven't 
seen any major problem there yet. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And in terms of like catch up on the coverage, you mentioned like instead of 
external, now we are looking at more internal factors given the vintage that we have built. But 
then would we be getting back towards those kind of coverage levels, which we have been 
providing on the Growth, because it doesn't seem to be the case now? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
What is happening in our business, the way our accounting policy works is that at 120 days, 
we're making 100% provision and essentially writing the thing off. So all the unsecured is getting 
over in 120 days. So what you have in the book is just security by and large. So we make 100% 
provision at 120 days and we are doing write-off at 170 days, right?  
Kunal Shah: 
Write-off at 170? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Write-off at 170, but 100% provided at 120. So what is happening is that you don't have a large 
unsecured book in your Stage 3, because the unsecured book is continuing to run off. So you are 
only left with housing and LAP there. 
Kunal Shah: 
So that's the reason coverage is low? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Right. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. Perfect. And one last question, if I can ask, maybe, would you want to call out if there 
would be any impact in any of the line items, operating parameters, capital adequacy you 
indicated, but when this merger happens, should we be prepared for any of the maybe 
abnormalities in the reported numbers? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Nothing to point out. Capital adequacy is the big one, which we have spoken about. Otherwise, 
we have been doing consol numbers anyway for the last multiple quarters.  
Kunal Shah: 
There shouldn't be any surprise at all, whenever this merger happens. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Sir, I have just one question, just figuring out whether in the retail book right now our yields are 
close to 14%, and our cost of funds stands at around 9% and we have 4% of opex to AUM, right? 
So a differential, a spread of 5% on which we are doing some opex sort of 4%. And even after 
this, your credit cost comes to around maybe, let's say, on an optimal basis, let's say, it comes 
around 50 bps. 
 
So largely, the retail ROAs would seem to be more of a flattish, right, or more of like muted. So 
I just want to know, I mean, in next 2 years or maybe even more, how should we see the 
trajectory and where should we see the differential going forward? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Okay. See, the math that you did is a math on margin. Sorry, on spreads, not on margins. So just 
go to the margin math. Today, we are at about a little over 1%, 1.1%, 1.2%. ROA, we showed 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
that Growth book ROA is about 1.4%, 1.5% during the quarter. And 86% of the Growth book 
is retail. So you cannot be like flat or losing money in retail and still make 1.5% in Growth book, 
right? 
 
So in our retail, let's call it ~1.25% ROA is being made today. And that will continue to move 
upwards based on 2 or 3 parameters, number one, opex, where there's about a 50 basis point play 
between where we are and where we have guided. And the fee thing, which we have indicated 
on Slide 20. 
 
If you have seen, we have shown how the amortization fee impact, the back book kind of coming 
in, whereas it has already caught up a lot. There is another 30-odd basis points to come from 
there. So between that and cost, which are fairly kind of certain outcomes, you're already looking 
at kind of anywhere from 60 to 80 basis points of delta between these 2 items. So that is the kind 
of ROA expansion that is in the bag in some sense. 
 
Apart from that, we have to work on kind of margin by essentially finding the right time to 
accelerate on unsecured, and hopefully get a little bit of benefit on cost of funds, etcetera. Those 
will provide the other impetuses. 
 
Overall, in a world in which Growth book is 100% of our business, 80% to 85% of the Growth 
book is retail and another kind of 15% to 20% is wholesale split, let's say, kind of 1:3 between 
CMML and real estate. That's the portfolio we are trying to build, and that portfolio with kind 
of somewhere in the 2.75% to 3% kind of ROA is something we can realistically achieve over 
the next couple of years. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Okay. So largely in the current mix, it's 110 bps is increment in ROAs and rest is dependent on 
the mix. Okay, sir. And only on the cost of fund side, I mean our incremental cost of funds have 
remained is in the same range. So any trajectory on when should we see. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
You will see improvement in the second quarter. We have seen some improvement. But towards 
the very end of the first quarter. So we actually didn't show up much on the quarterly numbers. 
There were some favorable spillovers in the last quarter in terms of baseline interest costs, 
favorable spillovers, which have made last quarter look kind of unrealistically kind of slight bit 
lower than what it otherwise would have. 
 
But anyway, the point is that if I look at pure on a purely economic basis, if I look at Q1 versus 
Q4, we have seen a benefit of about 7 basis points. You see only 1 basis point on this because 
there are some one-offs, as I said, the favourable one-offs in the last quarter. But anyway, but 
even 7 basis points is not that much. 
 
You will see a little bit more in the second quarter because all the reductions that have happened 
in Q1, you will see the full benefit of that in Q2. And hopefully, you will see more banks reducing 
MCLR. See, if the banks start cutting MCLRs, we're not going to see that much benefit in our 
numbers. But now banks are starting to cut. So you will start seeing that more in Q2. 
 
Okay. Sorry, I do want to take 15 seconds to go back to Kunal's question on merger and whether 
there are anything, whether there is anything to be expected. Of course, we spoke about the 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
capital adequacy, but there is also,Kunal and others, we should expect onetime cost of mergers 
that will happen. Merger is a big process. It's a big corporate action. So there's a lot of like legal 
costs and a bunch of these other costs, stamp duty and some of the stuff that will come up. 
 
All of that, we will, of course, disclose that separately in the second quarter. That's a material 
onetime event, though nothing so huge. You shouldn't get worried about it. But it will something. 
It will be like a some 2-digit crore number, not a 3-digit crore number, but it will be meaningful. 
It will be noticeable. And it is fully incorporated in our full year guidance of INR1,300 crores to 
INR1,500 crores, so you shouldn't have to worry about that. Sorry, let's go back to the question. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
So the first question is around the FLDG that you just mentioned. The sizable listed Fintech 
mentioned that we are going off-FLDG with their lending partners, while we are seeing the 
opposite that we are doing more of FLDG with our Fintech partners. What is the divergence here 
between these 2 stances? 
 
Second, is there another large player of ours mentioned about stress in MSME, especially if it's 
an unsecured business loan. So what are we seeing in the unsecured part of the business loans, 
especially ticket sizes less than 10 lakhs? And when do we see them resolving? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Okay. On your first part of your question, see different companies will have different strategies. 
I can't comment on what this other competitor said. Our belief is that Fintech originated business 
continues to be our risk profile and volatility that a listed large regulated entity like us wouldn't 
want to keep a large part of that on our balance sheet. I would want to protect that risk. And so 
I'm not that keen on actually doing a lot of non-FLDG business. 
 
Others might have a different viewpoint, and that's fine. But our strategy is a more FLDG-driven 
strategy and it's not like we don't do non-FLDG business. With some partners with whom we 
have worked for a very long time and where the customer profile we find is much more stable 
and where the risk profile is such that we can put it on our balance sheet directly, we are happy 
to do it, but those are few and far between. 
 
In the main, we want to do FLDG business and there are enough providers of FLDG in this 
market. So we don't feel the need to take on risk on our balance sheet. That is our strategy, others 
might have something different. 
 
Your second point on MSME risk, I had mentioned this in my opening remarks as well. Yes, we 
are seeing risk in MSME unsecured, particularly in the open market business. And so we are 
being careful. We have cut disbursements there quite radically in the last 3 quarters. If you look 
at our Q1 numbers, it is down 30% Q-o-Q. So for 3 quarters now, we've been cutting in our open 
market MSME unsecured business, replacing it with a little bit of cross-sell SME unsecured, 
which is doing well. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
If I can squeeze in one last question. You mentioned that you can do non-FLDG. Would that be 
more in personal loans or in business loans? 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, no. If we do it through a partner, we will show it in EF only. We'll show it as part of the EF 
business only. There is one significant partner in EF, where we do non-FLDG business. 
Otherwise, practically everybody else, we do with FLDG. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jigar Valia from OHM Group. 
Jigar Valia: 
The question isbasically a credit rating, when is it up for the next review? And also, if any 
specific leverage number guidance, given it may help improve valuation. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. So Jigar, we do a conversation with credit rating agencies on a very regular basis. We have 
started to have a conversation right after this quarter's results as well. So I'll be speaking with 
them next week. I don't have much more to say on that. Let's see what they think. 
 
In terms of leverage, what we have said historically and I'll repeat, is that we think right level of 
leverage or an appropriate level of leverage beyond which we will probably not be comfortable 
is 4:1 debt to equity. We are currently very far away from there. So it's not something that's a 
binding constraint right now. I think we ended this quarter 2.5:1. So there is still a lot of room 
for that. But beyond 4:1, we'll probably not be comfortable. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Sarda from Systematix Group. 
Vijay Sarda: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand 2 things, broader aspect. 
Basically, if you can dwell more upon this WS2.0 book, how we are managing the risk? Till 
date, I think we have been doing quite excellent with 0 delinquency. But getting into intricacy 
as things on the IT side is slightly getting bad in terms of the hiring and all that, do you see risk 
because 80% of your exposure is into all these IT hubs. So just wanted to understand things 
going forward for that. 
 
And secondly, if you can touch upon this pause on the branch expansion strategy. So what is the 
plan there? So are we more tuned to expand the business, as you said, on the per branch side 
before taking the next leap on the branch? Or this is just a temporary pause? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. My colleague, Yesh, will first take the first part, and I'll jump into the second one in a 
moment. 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
Yes. So on your question, look, our intention is to actually build a very highly diversified and 
granular book on wholesale side, comprising both our real estate lending piece, which is about 
70%, 75% of the portfolio, but also diversifying by way of getting granular exposure to a number 
of industries in our corporate mid-market lending strategy.  
So, what we are looking at is wholesale portfolio. That is very different than what it was in our 
previous version 1.0. The 2.0version of thebusiness that we have built, in that it's very highly 
sort of granularized as reflected in the ticket size of being INR74 crores per deal, but also very 
diversified and not, therefore, relying on any 1 or 2 or 3 sectors. 
 
As it relates to how we are building this portfolio, clearly, there are very detailed set of sandbox 
conditions that we have designed, which we apply through every deal, and every deal has to 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
stand on its own feet in the underlying credit metric being conservative credit ratios, the 
corporate leverage, the appropriate structures and so on and so forth. 
 
Your question also specifically in regard to demand from IT. Actually, what we are seeing in the 
IT space. Obviously, the headline in the last couple of weeks have suggested that there was some 
slowdown in the IT hiring, etcetera. But that slowdown so far, we are seeing happening in some 
segments of the IT industry as a whole. 
 
For instance, the IT outsourcing companies have actually seen muted headcount growth, but that 
slowdown has been compensated by significant hiring by global capability centers, for instance, 
right? And therefore, on a net basis, what we are seeing happen in the market is a significant 
growth in demand for IT office space. I mean, this data is all public. 
 
So you can see the IT office space, which is in turn depend on the IT company expansion and 
headcount. And therefore, demand for offices as well as residential spaces in these locations 
continues to grow at 20%, 25%, right? And that's reflected in our portfolio as well. 
 
We'll obviously monitor how situation evolves, how the sector grows. And then depending on 
that, we'll design or redesign our portfolio as it grows. But at this point in time, we are not seeing 
any material impact of that. At this point in time, I will also reiterate that the way we are 
constructing our portfolio has a very strong element of sector, sort of diversification as well as 
granularity. And therefore, far more diversified than ever. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
On your branch question, you're right to point out that we've been on a pause with respect to 
new branches for the last few quarters. It is a temporary pause. We didn't need to take a little bit 
of a breather. We had opened about 200 branches over a course of about 7, 8 quarters. But we 
wanted to let all of those branches settle in and for us also to absorb the opex coming in from 
new branches, etcetera, and get to a point where our opex is a little bit more of a manageable 
level before we give ourselves the license to build out branches again. 
 
We have continued to do well on the opex ratio front and the ratios have moderated. Let's see, 
in a quarter or 2, we might get to a point where we feel comfortable again and we will restart 
branches. We are not done with respect to branch openings at about 517 branches. We have 
enough to go for a little while, but this is not end state for Piramal. So we will be opening more 
branches, but maybe not in the next quarter or 2, but you might see us do some branch openings 
after that. 
Vijay Sarda: 
Just last question, Jairam. I wanted to understand, we were supposed to do some new segments 
like gold and all that. So have we started with the pilot or we are deferring that for some timing?  
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, no. We have started working on it. We will let you know some details once we have done a 
little bit of business, once we have kind of scoped out what is working well for us, etcetera. Last 
year as well, you might recall that we started our micro-LAP business. We ran it for 2 or 3 
quarters. And after that, we came out and told you guys that this is something that we have 
started a little while ago. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
That is stylistically what you should expect from Piramal. We are not going to make 
announcements before we launch a business. We will launch it. We will run it for a little while, 
get comfortable and then you will hear us talk about it, the same you should expect in gold loans 
as well. 
Moderator: 
We will take our last question from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Jairam, I just wanted to understand. You spoke about micro LAP just now. Earlier in the call, 
you also alluded to the fact that less than 10 lakh ticket size is not doing well. Less than 5 lakh 
ticket size is even worsened. 
 
So the micro LAP product that we are trying to build, right, how you said that you are looking 
at it, which ticket sizes, which geographies kind of looking at, because why I ask is, I mean, in 
the last 1 year, there has been so much euphoria around this micro LAP product, right? Everyone 
wants to be do micro LAP. And given how small ticket LAP has behaved right? I'm just trying 
to understand how are we approaching this product? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, it's a good question, Abhijit. See our average ticket size is 9 lakh in micro LAP. And yes, if 
you just look at the last 2 quarters of data, you'll be worried about it. And you will think that this 
is not really a business that we should be looking at right now. But as we have mentioned in the 
past, businesses get built with the long term in mind, we are building this business because we 
believe it will be a really good thing 20 years from now. 
 
We can't get caught up in where we are in the cycle right now. And we will not be overly 
optimistic about the business and like do thousands of crores of this in the short run. Nothing 
like that is going to happen. It will probably reach a total of like INR1,000 crores by the end of 
this financial year or something like that. So it's going to be a really small thing in the larger 
scheme of matters. 
 
But building businesses is a 5-6 year game. So if we have to start somewhere and at some point 
of time, we don't get worried about business cycles when we are starting businesses, because we 
are dealing for the long run, and we hope that we will be going through multiple cycles in the 
life of that business. So timing is just not our thing. We are building this business. We know that 
it's a tough market for it right now. 
 
Same as microfinance. We know it's a tough market, but we will still build the business because 
through cycles, we believe that we'll be able to make good money in it in the long run. So we 
are in the investment phase right now. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And just one more clarification. You spoke about our pilots in gold finance and you'll 
disclose when appropriate. The question here is, I mean, this gold financing that we'll do, will 
they have dedicated gold loan branches or will they be in the nature of co-located branches? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
We are trying both models, Abhijit. Let's see which one is more cost economical. We have not 
yet figured out which one we want to bet on. We will try both. But right now, the bias is towards 
doing more gold loan specific branches, let me be clear. But there is a small chance we might 
also try some mixed usage models. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Jairam Sridharan for the closing comments. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Thank you, everybody. It's been a slightly longer call than usual, I hope that's a good thing. 
Thanks for participating actively in this call, and have a very good evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Piramal Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
