 
Regd. Office: 9th Floor, Antriksh Bhavan, 22 Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi – 110 001 
Phone: 011 – 66030500, E-mail: investor.services@pnbhousing.com ,Website:  www.pnbhousing.com 
CIN: L65922DL1988PLC033856 
 
Public 
 
Ref: PNBHFL/SE/EQ/FY2025-26/66 
Date: August 09, 2025 
 
The BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 540173 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: PNBHOUSING 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Call held on August 4, 2025- post resignation of MD &CEO 
Ref:  Our letters (i) PNBHFL/SE/EQ/FY2025-26/62 dated August 01, 2025 and 
                         (ii) PNBHFL/SE/EQ/FY2025-26/64 dated August 04, 2025 
--------------------- 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended from time to time, please find attached the transcript pertaining to the investors call 
held on August 04, 2025.  
 
This intimation is pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the same shall also be available on the website of the Company 
at www.pnbhousing.com 
 
Kindly take the above intimation on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PNB Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Veena G Kamath 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Veena G 
Kamath
Digitally signed 
by Veena G 
Kamath 
Date: 2025.08.09 
14:43:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Internal 
 
 
“PNB Housing Finance Limited Investor Conference 
Call” 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NILESH VIKAMSEY – CHAIRPERSON AUDIT 
COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD AND A BOARD MEMBER, 
PNB HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. GIRISH KOUSGI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PNB HOUSING FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. VINAY GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PNB 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. JATUL ANAND – APPOINTED AS THE EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR FOR PRIME AND EMERGING BUSINESS, PNB 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MS. DEEPIKA GUPTA PADHI – NATIONAL HEAD 
(INVESTOR RELATIONS AND TREASURY), PNB 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Internal 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to PNB Housing Finance Limited Investor 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you, Reyo. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on this call. With me, 
we have Nilesh Vikamsey – Chairperson Audit Committee of the Board and a Board Member; 
Mr. Girish Kousgi – Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Vinay Gupta – CFO and Mr. Jatul Anand, 
who has been appointed as the Executive Director for Prime and Emerging Business.  
 
We will begin this call with the opening remarks by Mr. Nilesh Vikamsey followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. For the disclaimer, please read through the #Slide 45 of our investor 
presentation.  
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Nilesh Vikamsey. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Thank you, Deepika. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today morning. 
As you are aware, Girish Kousgi – the Managing Director and CEO of the Company, has decided 
to step down from his role to pursue new career opportunities. The Board acknowledges and 
appreciates the contribution of Mr. Girish Kousgi, during his tenure and would have been happy, 
if he had continued. However, he is leaving as he believes he has better career opportunities. 
 
Mr. Kousgi would be completing three-year term and will continue working with the 
organization till October 28th, 2025, to facilitate efficient and effective transition. Leadership 
transitions are not uncommon in a fast-growing competitive sector like housing finance. What 
distinguishes PNB Housing Finance is the manner in which it handles such transitions with 
preparedness, bench strength, transparency, and minimal disruption. 
 
This exit is not driven by internal challenges, but reflects individual career progressions and 
market wide mobility. I want to reassure all our stakeholders that the Board remains fully aligned 
and committed to the Company’s long-term strategy and operational excellence. Our business 
fundamentals are strong and our team is deeply capable and resilient. 
 
The Company has gone through transformation in the first 1.5 years of Girish’s tenure with 
capital gains of Rs. 2.5 crores, gross NPAs going down to 1.5% as of March 2024, retail focused 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Internal 
growth leading to trade rating upgrades to AA+. The return on asset also improved to over 2% 
by the financial year 2024. 
 
After the transformation till March 2024, the Company has delivered consistent performance for 
the last five quarters, with stable performance parameters. PNB Housing Finance is now the 
third largest housing finance Company and well-managed with no major challenges. The 
transformation initiated under the outgoing CEO was not only built around a single individual, 
it is embedded across leadership layers. 
 
The Company has a strong senior Management team along with the bench strength in the next 
level which is instrumental in delivering the strong performance. Today, PNB Housing is a 
retail-focused housing finance Company with 99% of the loan assets in the retail segment. The 
Company’s GNPA as of June 2025 is 1.06%; and the net NPA is 0.69%.  
 
Over the last few years, the Company has built a very good collection architecture with dedicated 
teams focusing on different buckets of the collection cycle. Collection efficiency over the last 
few quarters has been above 99%. Early warning signals are encouraging and not showing signs 
of stress in the new portfolio. For example, the 12-month on book MOB 30-plus is 0.16% and 
the 24-month MOB 90-plus is 0.17%.  
 
We remain committed to our stated guidance on credit costs and NPA. The Company maintains 
strong financials with capital adequacy of 28.7%, adequate liquidity with LCR ratio of 29%; and 
SLR ratio of 15.5%. Company ensures good regulatory compliance and transparent disclosures 
to all relevant authorities and rating agencies.  
 
PNB Housing Finance remains committed to its key growth pillars which is the retail lending 
expansion, Affordable housing segment penetration, technology-driven operational excellence 
and maintaining superior asset quality. PNB Housing is a mature organization, which has gone 
through business transformation and is now ready for the next phase of growth. 
 
The Company has a talent pool which is supported through the transformation phase. In the 
recent past, some of the senior employees chose to explore opportunities outside. However, these 
positions have been successfully filled from within the organization and are performing well 
post transition, reflecting the strength of our internal leadership pipeline and the robust 
succession planning framework.  
 
The Company is run by professional Management overseen by the Board of Directors. The 
nomination and remuneration committee has already initiated a search process to identify the 
seasoned professionals from the market with proven industry expertise who can build on the 
strong foundation already in place. We remain straightforward in our mission to deliver 
sustainable growth, strong asset quality and long-term value for our shareholders. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Internal 
 
Our focus is unwavering and we continue to execute on a well-defined strategy backed by 
disciplined risk management, a resilient retail portfolio and a highly capable leadership team. 
Thank you. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Reyo, we can now open for the question-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes on the line of Sudharsan from Prosperity Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Sudharsan: 
Hello, sir. My question is on the asset quality front. So, if you can give us a number on the DPD 
0 to 30 and 30 to 90 between all segments for the three quarters, that is Q1 FY ’26, Q4 and Q1 
FY ’25. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Can I request Vinay, our CFO to give the numbers, if he is got it handy? Because today, call is 
because of the leadership change. But anyway, I will request Vinay to give the numbers.  
Vinay Gupta: 
Yes, see, on an overall level, our 1+ is around 4.5%, 30+ is 3%, 60+ is 1.6, and 90+ which we 
have already disclosed is 1.06% which NPA.  
Sudharsan: 
Yes. So, is there any possibility of giving us segmental DPD? 
Vinay Gupta: 
Segmental, we have given, for example, for Affordable, we have given in the Investor 
Presentation. 
Sudharsan: 
Yes, Prime and Emerging number.  
Vinay Gupta: 
Prime and Merging is stable at around similar rates. There is no increase in any of the segments. 
Sudharsan: 
Okay. And on the credit quality front, I mean, credit cost, are we confident of closing this year 
with a negative credit cost? And if so, what is the quantum of the credit cost? 
Vinay Gupta: 
Yes, we are confident to close at negative credit cost. The trend has been in line in Q1 and we 
are confident to maintain the similar trend in the coming quarter. 
Sudharsan: 
Right. And on the margin front, the NIM, so you mentioned that the rate cut would come into 
effect, the pass-through would be gradual in Q2 and Q3. So, how much of the NIM sacrifice are 
you going to see in Q2 and Q3 given the full year guidance is 3.7% and the current is at 3.74%? 
Vinay Gupta: 
So, it will remain range bound as we mentioned full year guidance will be between 3.65% to 
3.7%, we will maintain that. There could be intermittent, movement in the NIMs. But overall, 
for the year, we will maintain that. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Internal 
Sudharsan: 
Right. And on the leadership front, apart from whatever you have notified, is there any 
discussions with current management regarding their willingness for any other outside 
opportunities? Is there any discussion? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
There is no indication of anybody else moving on. There is absolutely no, all the team is stable. 
There is no other indication. 
Sudharsan: 
Right. And on the MD’s exit, normally we have seen in the industries is as soon as the CEO exit 
is notified, there will be a notification of a new CEO appointment. So, is there any reason, so 
did the current CEO did not have any prior discussion with the board regarding his willingness 
to explore other opportunities, the manner in which there was no replacement notified along with 
the current intimation? Could you please comment on that? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Yes, so basically the current CEO is moving on for better opportunities. There is no challenge 
going to continue till October ‘25. The NRC has already initiated a search process to identify a 
suitable successor. We will search for that candidate, internal, external, whatever may be the 
thing.  
 
In the interim, we have appointed Jatul Anandas the Executive Director. And assuming there is 
a gap between October 28, 2025, when Girish finishes 90-day notice period, which is given, and 
the new incumbent joining in, Jatul will hold charge till that time, in the interim time. 
Sudharsan: 
Right. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Reyo, may I request if you can take two questions per person as of now? 
Moderator: 
Sure. We will take the next question from Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Nilesh, if you can help us understand A, timelines of what 
you are looking at for say the new MD, CEO. And also, secondly, is the Board kind of onboard 
with the continued strategy that we had until now of say growing the share of Affordable in your 
Prime, what is the thought process?  
 
And secondly, the question is with regard to, you mentioned about the senior management exits 
recently. I am presuming they were also for better career opportunities. Is it not possible for us 
to say seek retention of any of them, so that now that there is a vacancy at the post of MD, CEO, 
I am sure they would also be quite keen for that, right? Why not pursue that? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Yes, maybe first question first, can you repeat? I think you loaded up a lot of questions together. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, sure. So, the first, the timelines for... 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Internal 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
The timeline, I cannot sort of assure you because we are in the process of the selection. And 
once we identify the person, assuming he is in a different organization, his notice, etc. But our 
endeavour is to do it at the earliest, that is the first indication given. Our endeavour of the NRC 
and the Board is to have a successor as quickly as possible. But having said that, a lot of things 
are not within the hands of the Board of the NRC. So, that is the first thing. 
 
That is why I said in the interim, assuming there is a gap between Girish’s term ending on 
October 20th and the new incumbent joining, we have decided that Jatul Anand, who has been 
promoted as an Executive Director, will hold forth in the interim till the time the new successor 
is joining the Company. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. My second question was --  
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
-- On the strategy, as far as the business is concerned, our focus continues. There is no change 
in the strategy alignment. Our focus will be on the Affordable and of the Emerging. There will 
be no change in that. The board is fully aligned with the strategy. 
Viral Shah: 
And with regards to basically seeking, let us say, retention of some of the recent senior 
Management exits then why not --? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Viral, you understand, we do not want to lose any of our Senior Management Team members. 
Efforts are always there. But you know the industry, it is a very hot sector and we cannot avoid 
the market mobility. 
Viral Shah: 
That is true. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
It is an in-demand sector if I can say so. 
Viral Shah: 
That is true. So, I am just thinking that earlier, of course, there was a vacancy at PNB Housing 
for the post of MD, CEO. And given we being the third largest player, I am sure either Dilip or 
Anujai, whosoever would have been the case, they would be quite keen to take up this post, 
right? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Well, basically, it is the Board and the NRC call whom they identify as the right successor. It is 
not only the candidates, which you have named or others. So, we will definitely look at and we 
will do whatever is in the best interest of the Company. We will have the best selection among 
the choice. Not only Anujai and Dilip or Jatul, but we will see what is best for the Company. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it, Nilesh. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Pradyumna Laddha from RSPN Ventures. Please go ahead. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Internal 
Pradyumna Laddha: 
Yes. Good morning. I wanted to address Mr. Vikamsey on behalf of the board, since he is present 
on behalf of the board. Sir, I am a minority shareholder of this Company and have been one for 
many years now. And it is just been very disappointing how the entire situation has been handled. 
The board accepted Mr. Kousgi’s resignation on July 31st post market hours.  
 
There was no explanation given or communication provided to the investor community that day 
except for the stock exchange notification. On the 1st of August, as you will be aware, the stock 
price of our Company saw sharp panic selling. And this was not just market reaction to the news, 
it was a reaction to silence from the Board. 
 
It appears that the board had no plan in place to manage the news or guide the market. And 
today’s call just feels like an afterthought to contain the damage and not something done in the 
interest of the transparency. So, if we can just fix this process and moving forward, it will be 
beneficial for the entire investor community. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Thanks for your suggestion. But just for your information, we came out with the press release 
before the market hours on 1st. And I hope, you would have had and that was put on the stock 
exchange also. 
 
The moment we came to know about Girish’s, you can understand, 24 hours is a short period to 
get a view also in a sort of a rush. But we did whatever we could, but we take your advice and 
we will improve the process going forward. Thanks a lot for your suggestion 
Pradyumna Laddha: 
Mr. Vikamsey, sorry, sir, for just one more, I completely appreciate the situation you were put 
in, sir. The statement came in at 8.30 in the morning and contained some two paragraphs which 
did not provide too much clarity. So, just one, I am just sharing an opinion like you said, we can 
take into consideration later. Another large NBFC, sir, last year, RBI banned one of their 
businesses. The first thing they did was next morning, hold a call at 8 o’clock with investors. So, 
I am just saying this could have been managed in a slightly more processized manner. That is 
all. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Fair enough. Suggestion accepted.  
Pradyumna Laddha: 
Thank you, sir. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Harshit Toshniwal from Premji. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Yes. Sir, just to make this one point with you, that we have appointed Jatul as the Interim one 
for the housing business. Now, for the appointment of the new CEO, are you also considering 
internal and external candidates? And in that means the current appointed ones as the charge. 
Are they also in the consideration for the MD, CEO role? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Internal 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
So, we will have a look at it. The board and NRC will decide about it. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
And just some indication as to whether we will also be looking at internal and external candidates 
both at this point of time?  
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Yes, yes.  
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Okay. And there is nothing which stops Jatul from being in at this time?  
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Absolutely. There will be a process and we will go through the process, yes.  
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Got it. So, that is it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Good morning to all. The question, the question is that there has been a significant change in the 
cap table in recent quarters with the exit of private equity players. And with three senior exits, 
one wonders if there is something compromising the independence of PNB Housing Finance 
versus the larger shareholder PNB. Is there some statement the chairman of the board can provide 
to assure us that the independence of PNB Housing Finance is indeed maintained and it is not 
that the NRC or the board are now significantly influenced by the decision of the chairman? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
First of all, let me clarify, I am not the Chairman of the Board. I am Chairman of the Audit 
Committee. So, just to keep the records straight. Coming to your question, no, the Company is 
under a very stable leadership team guided by independent and experienced board of directors 
that ensures strategic oversight and governance. The strong executive team continues to drive 
business supported by robust governance structures. ` 
 
This is only coincidental. The PE exit and the new cap table, it is only sort of coincidental and 
there is nothing in the Company which has changed. It is business as usual, whether it is the 
board or the NRC or and there is no change, any additional, I would say, input. The promoter is 
supportive of us PNB, the promoter is supportive to us and they have got two nominees on the 
board.  
 
Currently, they have one. They will be adding one more as per the Articles of Association. And 
PNB Housing is an independent entity which operates like any other private enterprise guided 
by an independent board of directors that ensures strategic oversight and governance. It follows 
market-driven hiring and compensation practices, attracting and retaining top talent through 
competitive remuneration, merit-based growth opportunities and performance-oriented culture.  
 
The promoter’s continued support remains the key anchor of confidence stability of PNB 
Housing Finance as it moves into the next phase of growth. As informed by the Managing 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Internal 
Director of PNB in the media interviews on Friday, 1st August 2025, they are not contemplating 
increase or decrease of stakes or any other major change. 
 
The board is confident on the Management team which has been instrumental in delivering its 
strong performance. The NRC has initiated a search for the suitable candidates from market with 
relevant industry experience. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Jaspreet from Acuantis. Jaspreet, you may go ahead with the 
question. 
Jaspreet: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. My question is regarding the probably the attempts made to retain 
Mr. Girish Kousgi. The background is we heard the senior members coming on television and 
saying one of the reasons was that he wanted to shift back to Bangalore.  
 
Now, there could have been a way to maybe manage this like a hybrid working condition for the 
next maybe couple of quarters. So, just wanted to understand this and maybe what were the some 
of the things that trying to retain him. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
The information given to us by Girish is he is going for better opportunities with the personal 
family reason is an added maybe bonus for him. But the opportunity is possibly very huge, he 
would have considered and found that it is much, much better. That is the individual choice that 
Girish has made. We did try to retain him. He has done a fantastic job in PNB housing and 
continues to do so. 
 
He is committed to have a very good transition in the next three months, but we did try to retain 
him. That is the only thing, I can share with you. 
Jaspreet: 
Sure. As the moderator mentioned out of the call that he is also there, would he be commenting 
at the end in the concluding? The point he came, the point he is leaving and what are some of 
the things from his point of view would he be commenting about that as well at the end? Because 
we have not heard him heard him so far, so I am sure he is there for a purpose for everyone. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
I request Girish to speak. I think that will bring -- 
Girish Kousgi: 
-- Good morning. Girish here good morning to all the investors for taking time out to join early 
in the morning. As you are aware I think Company has gone through a transformational phase 
and about five quarters back by March 2024, I think most of the challenges what PNB Housing 
as a Company saw I think most of it were resolved.  
 
When we raised capital, we did right issue of Rs. 2,500 crores. We got rating upgrades. We ran 
down the corporate book. Corporate GNPA came down to 0 by June 2024; and today, if you 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Internal 
look at overall GNP it is 1.06%. So, we started we know that as a housing finance Company it 
is difficult to be present in certain segments and compete. I am talking about super Prime and 
Prime. So, immediately three years back, we stopped super Prime and went slow on Prime 
business. We started Affordable business in Jan 2023. 
 
As all of you are aware now the book is about Rs. 5, 750 crores, trending very well. And as per 
our guidance by this period we should get close to about Rs. 9,500 crores; and by March ‘27 Rs. 
15,000 crores. Given the overall retail book of about Rs. 1 lakh crore by March 2027. So, if you 
look at any of the challenges, which this Company had faced, I think most of the challenges were 
resolved about five quarters back.  
 
And after the transformation for next five quarters, that is whole of FY ‘25 and quarter one of 
this year, I think the performance of the Company has been really very good in all the metrics 
and all the parameters. You look at profitability, you look at ROE, you look at margins, you look 
at book growth, disbursement growth, look at asset quality. I think all the parameters, I think 
have come down.  
 
We have built a very good architecture because we did a lot of changes in collections, in sales. 
I mentioned about starting Affordable, I mentioned about FY ‘25 starting Emerging vertical, 
which comes at a higher yield, which will aid the Company on expanding the margins. And this 
year, FY ’26, we started a new vertical called Loan Against Property. So, all of these things are 
done to ensure that profitability is maintained and also further improve upon it. So, the strategy 
and vision of the Company remains because it is embedded into the last level in the organization 
and now it is more on an auto mode. We have seen this consistently for last 5 quarters because 
that is post transformation and Company is doing pretty well. And as I had mentioned earlier as 
well, today if you look at PNB Housing, we have to work on a couple of things which is true for 
any other housing finance company, which is true for any other well-managed housing finance 
Company, one is growth. We have guided 18% growth on book because corporate book is now 
very less, less than Rs. 1,000 crores and our focus is not really that high on corporate and 
therefore I am talking about retail. So, we are talking about 18%-19% growth. This year the 
guidance is 18%. Last year, we had guided 17%, we delivered 18.2%. So, growth is something 
which we are going to maintain and our strategy in terms of moving segments and improving 
margins, improving yield in each of these segments, I think that strategy is intact. So, today, 
Company is in a very strong footing. We have a very good, solid Management team and this 
strategy is embedded right up to the last level because we have done a lot of changes 3 years 
back. It is not recent. So, it is now inbuilt in the system and second is we need to maintain 
margins. So, actually we are not, this year we will be maintaining margins and maybe next year, 
the margins will start inching up. I think that is what we have guided for this year and next year, 
largely to be worked on two things, one is growth and second is margins. So, growth, increasing 
our share on Affordable and Emerging. You have been seeing that we have been increasing our 
share with every passing quarter and that would continue. So, today, Company is on a very 
strong footing. We have a good supportive Board. Board oversees the vision of the Company 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Internal 
and I think as a Company we are well-placed today and I do not see any challenge in the 
Company doing well or meeting its guidance for the next couple of years. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Thank you, Girish. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Thank you so much, sir. We wish you all the best in your future career. And just last, a very 
humble suggestion/observation. Sir, we have been minority shareholders for a couple of years. 
Again, the 3 pillars, PNB is third largest, seen a business transformation last couple of years 
after having gone through some trouble a couple of years back, a fabulous job done. But the 
other two pillars were surely the fact that a leadership like Mr. Girish was there and obviously a 
marquee named Private Equity Like Carlyle was there. And now with the latter two exiting one 
by one and timing obviously is so coincidental, it seems that Management or the board will have 
to do a lot more in terms of getting that confidence back in terms of and I am sure, just wanted 
to understand what are the timelines within which this has to be done and what would you be 
aspiring to close it in terms of closing this leadership? What are the outer timelines and what are 
your internal? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
See, two things. One is though Carlyle has moved on, I think by and large, the replacement has 
been institutional shareholders. There have been some other leading sovereign funds as well as 
mutual funds almost across boards. A lot of mutual funds are invested for institutional holding 
which Carlyle was having has gone to the institutions, the substantial part of it. And coming to 
the timeline, as I told earlier, we also want to appoint as of yesterday, but the process, it may 
take time. I can't assure you the time it will take. We will identify the successor. Assuming he is 
an external successor, he will also have to give a notice period. So, I can look at safely, Girish's 
term ends in October, maybe couple of 1- or 2-months outer is the timeline, I am thinking of. 
But having subjected, I will stand corrected if it doesn't happen. It should happen within that 
time is my gut feeling, is what I can say from my past experience. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
And if the Board decides for course of internal candidate, it will be earlier than that. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
That will be, absolutely. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
And as of now, you wouldn't want to be able to comment on where does the preference lie? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
The process has to be done. I can't comment at that time. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
All right. I appreciate you guys doing this call today and best wishes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Hi. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, given maybe the promotership of PNB and exit of the 
private equity and the representation, which is there on the board, in terms of the evaluation 
between the PSU candidate and someone from private bank, because PNB has the history of 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Internal 
maybe recruiting from the private side. So, would there be any change in the stance which would 
be taken this year, particularly with the change in the cap tables, if you can clarify on that part? 
And what maybe the succession plan which Company is now looking forward to just to manage 
this kind of a transitioning? This was all of a sudden, which seems to have happened. But now, 
maybe how to prepare with respect to the transitioning plan and related to it, maybe given that 
there have been exits, would investors be worried about any asset quality issues cropping up 
over next couple of quarters because I think there have been few exits which have happened in 
last 3-4 months since April. And we have seen in earlier cases that it follows with some kind of 
quality risk as well across the board, so how would maybe board maybe assure the investors on 
that part? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
See, I will just go back to the statement of the Punjab National Bank, the promoter’s MD on 1st 
of August when he gave the media interview. He said they will be supportive of the Company 
and the Management, and they don't want any other change, either the increase or decrease of 
their, I would say, stake in the Company, neither in the way the Company is being run is what 
the PNB envisaged. So, that is what I am just quoting. So, that is for that assurance. As regards 
all these exits having an impact on the asset quality, I can just share with you that your Company 
is a retail-focused housing finance Company with 99% of the loan assets in retail segment. The 
Company's gross NPA as of June 25 is 1.06% and net NPA is 0.69%. For the last few years, the 
Company has built a very good collection architecture with dedicated teams focusing on 
different buckets of the collection cycle. Collection efficiency of the last few quarters has been 
about 99%. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, early warning signals are encouraging and 
not showing any signs of stress in the new portfolio, for example, the 12 MOB 30+ is 0.16% and 
the 24 MOB 90+ is 0.17%. We have also discussed all segment-level asset quality metrics in our 
quarterly results, and we confirm that there are no signs of stress or any material deterioration in 
asset quality across all segments. We remain committed to our stated guidance on credit costs 
and NPA for the current financial year. The Company is geared up to achieve its growth targets 
while maintaining best-in-the-class asset quality. And just for information, we go through a 
number of audits, inspections and nothing of any significance has been caught. So, this is 
completely unrelated. There is no issue on the asset quality at all vis-à-vis the exits. Just to give 
you that assurance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Praful Kumar from Dymon Asia. Please go ahead. 
Praful Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you, gentlemen, for doing the call. Most of the questions are answered. Just one 
question. In terms of current Management bandwidth, can you talk about 2-3 key people who 
will be spearheading the growth for the next, say, few quarters and who have been in the system, 
who will be taking responsibility and being the KMPs till we find the suitable replacements to 
come? So, obviously, we have generally talked about the few important guys who have left, but 
there will be a lot more talent that will be in-grown and obviously part of the key team today 
that should come ahead. So, broadly, in terms of key people, key re-changes that you have done 
on the continuity of the strategy would be very useful? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Internal 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Just to sort of, as you would imagine, we came out of the press release the day before yesterday 
late night. 
Praful Kumar: 
Yes, on the two replacements. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
One of them is Jatul. Jatul has been with the Company for the last 12 years and more than 20 
years’ experience in the sector and he has been a veteran and he's going to head the Prime and 
Emerging business. Valli Sekar, who sort of, we brought her 3 years back, piloted the Affordable 
Housing growth, Anujai joined later, in fact, started with Valli. So, she is now being made 
Complete Head of the Affordable business. Earlier, she had part of the role, now full role has 
been given to her and you already know. 
Praful Kumar: 
So, the Affordable business that we have seen, the success of Affordable business has been 
instrumental by this person and that is why, very interesting. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
We brought her into sort of focus on the Affordable business. She is the one who did it and 
Anujai was supporting her. So, just to tell you, we have got enough internal bench strengths. 
These are only the top names. I can't share all the names with you. We have got Vinay, who is 
the CFO, we have got the Chief Risk Officer, Neeraj Manchanda and number of other people. I 
don't know how to get into the names right now, but a fantastic Management team what we have. 
Praful Kumar: 
Superb. Now, this is very useful, sir. Thank you for doing this and giving the confidence that 
there are no asset quality issues, since it is just a coincidence that has happened. Thank you for 
the reassurance. Thank you. 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Pranav Gokhale from Canara Robeco Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranav Gokhale: 
Hi, good morning. My question is to Girish, actually. Just wanted to confirm, has your exit 
anything to do with Carlyle moving out, one? Second, in this entire thing, I understand there is 
a future aspect associated with it, but is your future position in any way where Carlyle is 
associated in any form or shape? 
Girish Kousgi: 
So, I can say that my exit is purely an independent decision. It is not connected with anything or 
anyone. I think that I can very well confirm. As I mentioned to you, my exit is because I have 
got a new wonderful opportunity, and it is not related to either the Board or any investor or 
anyone. It is an independent decision. 
Pranav Gokhale: 
But in the new opportunity, has Carlyle is involved in any shape or form? 
Girish Kousgi: 
Sir, I mentioned to you, my exit is an independent decision. It is not associated with anyone. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Internal 
Pranav Gokhale: 
So, this was pertaining to the future, actually, which my question was. I understand with the 
past, it is not associated, or it is independent, so I take the point. The second thing, I just wanted 
to put a parking thought. There has been a couple of instances in your career now where you put 
in a strategy in place and before the strategy worked out, you moved on to a new organization. 
So, for existing shareholders, it becomes a very difficult kind of a situation. So, I thought before 
wishing you the very best on your new journey, let me just park this thought. Thank you? 
Girish Kousgi: 
Pranav, I think I would like to clarify one more thing. All these strategies were worked out 3 
years back. So, in the first 2 or 3 months, we really worked on the strategy and vision for the 
Company, and we also had an investor day for this where we had given the roadmap. So, all this 
strategy is not something which we had worked out in the last couple of quarters. It was worked 
out almost close to 2.5 years back and that is what we have been executing till now. So, the 
entire team, top level, middle level and lower level of PNB Housing, the team is aligned, and 
they are completely in alignment with the Company's vision and mission. 
Pranav Gokhale: 
Sure, I am done with my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shubhankar Ojha from SKS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhankar Ojha, you may go ahead with your questions. There seems to be no response from 
Mr. Shubhankar Ojha. We will move to the next question. The next question is from Shravan 
from Sincere Syndication. Please go ahead. 
Shravan: 
Hello, sir. Am I audible? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Yes. 
Shravan: 
Yes, sir. So, my question was regarding this. I think most of my questions are answered. It is 
just that how were you working on to gain investors' confidence with the CEO's resignation and 
then their Head of Affordable stepped down a few months ago and then there was one more exit, 
apparently, a senior exit. If there is a lot of chatter in the market that even with the CEO exit and 
the MD exit, there is a lot of instability in the upper Management, which is losing investors' 
confidence because the next guidance about doubling Affordable book or increasing the share 
of Affordable and Emerging, all of this, will the newer Management that has stepped in, the new 
CEO or MD, will they be aligned with this goal or will there be a change in your strategy from 
here on? How do you intend to gain the investors' confidence back? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Shravan, as I mentioned earlier, all the exits, the earlier exits have been filled up by internal 
positions and as I mentioned, for example, Affordable, Anujai was there. Anujai, in fact, came 
in for the transformation here. He was given additional responsibility of the Affordable. It was 
Valli who has initially started the whole, the Affordable thrust of the Company, if I can say so, 
and she continues and she is delivering well. We have added her responsibilities now, so that is 
one thing. Second, Jatul, who has been with the Company for the last 12 years, has been sort of 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Internal 
promoted to be the Executive Director. He is now looking after Prime as well as Emerging. So, 
we have got enough and good bandwidth. For example, the HR had moved on Amit. He was 
there for 3 years. The next gentleman, Satish, who is heading, has been a Company veteran for 
I don't know how many years, 13+ years. So, we have got fantastic bench strength. So, rest 
assured on that. We have got good quality team, Management team, not only the people who 
exited but people who continue with the Company and who are taking on the responsibilities 
now. So, I think it shouldn't be too much this thing. That is all I can say. 
Shravan: 
And I would like to know the growth of Affordable, as of now, was Ms. Valli Sekar, was she a 
prominent part of it because you are betting a lot on Affordable growth? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
She joined, she was part of the Affordable before Anujai was given that additional charge, if I 
can say so. As I say, the thrust of the Affordable housing in the Company, the whole thrust was 
we brought Valli on board and then we gave a full thrust to propel the Affordable housing. 
Shravan: 
Thank you. No other questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mohit Surana from HDFC Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Surana: 
Hi, sir. I just wanted to check in any of the past regulatory audits that have happened over last 
few months or quarters, anything adverse that has been highlighted by the regulator? So, any 
clarification on that would be useful? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Mohit, just to tell you, the regulatory inspections have got better and better in the time the 
number of issues have gone down, mainly procedural matters, nothing on the asset quality or 
any other significant, on the financial numbers, no major outside challenges of the regulators. 
There is no divergence between what the audited accounts and the regulators focus. But yes, 
coming from their experience perspective, they give a lot of suggestions for improvement, which 
we keep on doing. That is the way we sort of look at it. And it has been better. The inspection 
there, I would say, impression of the Company has got better and better with the time which is 
there. That is the only thing. I can't share something more than that. 
Mohit Surana: 
Got it, sir. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Yes, I just wanted to know what happens to the unvested options of Girish? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
That the Board will decide. I can't decide right now. The Board will decide. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Thank you. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Internal 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Yes, hi. So, just two broad questions. One, again, on the strategy. So, obviously, the Management 
who has left or leaving were the brain behind this revised strategy and obviously, I am just 
assuming that the board will be in line with the strategy. So, I just wanted to reconfirm that we 
have seen in past that whenever there is a Management change, Management comes with their 
own plan, etc., what is the stance currently? Board will continue to pursue this strategy and they 
will just say incoming MD that this is the strategy which you have to follow or they will sort of 
reconcile, rethink the entire strategy with the Management who comes in? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
There are two things. Number one, it has not been only the Management strategy. Strategy is 
sort of, it is a board-driven strategy. The Board has been a key part on the strategy direction, if 
I can say so. And not only the board, the full senior Management team and right down up to the 
grassroots level people, all the layers of Management are fully aligned with the strategy. Having 
said that, the Board and the Management is always open to the changes happening in the sector 
and in the market and we will keep eyes and ears open as things evolve. But as of now, there is 
no I would say, move to change the strategy in any direction with any good ideas, suggestions 
coming. We are always open and we keep on looking at those things. But otherwise, we don't, 
as of now, I can say the Board is not looking at any change of strategic direction at this juncture. 
But we are open to newer things and to improve the Company, I would say, value. 
Renish: 
No, that I agree, sir. But this is more from a number’s perspective, right, so when we say that 
Affordable will be 15%, Emerging will be 25%-30% and the rest will be Prime. Now, all this 
combination will ideally lead to 4% plus margin, what the outgoing Management has always 
stated. Now, if at all there is a change in strategy, the NIM strategy, everything go for a toss. So, 
I just wanted to reconfirm that? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Sir, just to add, Nilesh over here, it is not as if the whole Management team has moved on. As I 
told earlier, when Affordable, Valli started it, Anujai had joined later on. He was on transfer. 
We just sort of strengthen that particular vertical, he was added. So, what are other exits? There 
is, the HR Head has gone and Dilip has gone, Dilip's role has been taken over by Jatul. So, we 
have got enough. It is not as if the whole Management has gone out of the Company. There is a 
fantastic team remain and there will be no change in the direction as of now. But I can't tell about 
the future. If some new changes happen in this sector, we will definitely be open to it and we 
will be guided by. Our idea is to create more value for all the stakeholders. That is, I would say, 
uppermost in the mind of all the people here. So, how do we enhance the value for everyone 
involved. That is the whole sort of idea. 
Renish: 
Got it. And just one last thing, when we are looking out for new CEO, are we preferring an 
external candidate? And if yes, then whether there is any preference for a private sector CEO or 
how is it? What is the thought process of Board about this? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Internal 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
I can't comment on the preference because we will be starting the process now. We will look at 
the candidates and we are sort of agnostic. We want the best person to head this Company who 
can do possibly do better than Girish is our expectation. We identify a very good industry leader 
or a successor, and it could be completely market driven is what I can say. But yes, I think all 
the people, we will look at the shortlist of candidates who are available and we will explore and 
do the best what is possible for the Company in the current time. That is what our direction is. 
There we will be headed. 
Renish: 
And if the internal candidates are also in preference, or no? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
Absolutely. 
Renish: 
Thank you and best of luck, gentlemen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Umang Shah from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I just have one question related to the 
previous participant. Sir, under what is the probability or what is the potential situation in which 
let us say, the parent or the NRC may look at candidates coming from the parent PNB. It could 
be on deputation or maybe as a permanent position. Do you think that is a possibility or that is 
sort of completely ruled out? 
Nilesh Vikamsey: 
I can tell you till as of date, there is not a single person on deputation from PNB in the Company. 
Last, I remember when I joined the Company 10 years back, we had the internal audit team 
which was on deputation. That also we brought in market-driven professionals who are very 
good. Not that they were bad, but just to bring in the best practices we brought in. Other than the 
two board nominees, there is no other, I would say, person who is in the Company from PNB as 
of now. And you heard the PNB MDs speaking on Friday that they don't intend any change as I 
told you of increasing or of the Management side, if I can say so. 
Umang Shah: 
Understood. All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the Management team for any closing comments. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call. If you have any questions unanswered, 
you can get in touch with Investor Relations. And the transcript of this call will be uploaded on 
our website. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of PNB Housing Finance Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
