 
 
 
 
SAREGAMA India Limited, 33, Jessore Road, Dum Dum, Kolkata - 700 028, India. 
Tel: +91 33 2551 2984, Fax: +91 33 2550 0817, Web: www.saregama.com 
CIN: L22213WB1946PLC014346 Email ID: co.sec@saregama.com 
 
Date: 8th August, 2025 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, 
Block G, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: SAREGAMA  
The General Manager, 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532163 
 
Subject: Q1FY26 Earning Conference Call-Transcripts 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 29th July, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’) as amended, please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q1FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call held on Friday, 1st August 2025 at 11:30 A.M. (IST) for the quarter ended 
on 30th June, 2025. 
 
This information is available on the website of the Company www.saregama.com  
 
You are requested to kindly take the abovementioned on record. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For SAREGAMA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Priyanka Motwani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
PRIYANKA 
MOTWANI
Digitally signed by 
PRIYANKA MOTWANI 
Date: 2025.08.08 
12:00:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Saregama India Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKRAM MEHRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PANKAJ CHATURVEDI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. ANAND KUMAR – GROUP HEAD – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
MR. PANKAJ KEDIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRANAV KSHATRIYA – EMKAY GLOBAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Saregama India Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that, this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Kshatriya from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them 
for this opportunity. We have with us today Mr. Vikram Mehra, Managing Director; Mr. Pankaj 
Chaturvedi, CFO; Mr. Anand Kumar, Group Head, Investor Relations; and Mr. Pankaj Kedia, 
Executive Director, Investor Relations. 
 
I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, guys. 
Vikram Mehra: 
A very good morning to all of you people. This quarter saw our operating revenue of INR 206 
crores and a PBT of INR 51 crores. This specific quarter was affected by multiple factors, 
primarily being a lot of movies that were planned for quarter 1 got postponed. 
 
As always, I'll request all of you to evaluate us on a rolling 12-month basis and please not on a 
quarter-by-quarter basis. Let's start with the first vertical, music, which comprises of licensing 
and artiste management. 
 
This segment grew by 12% on a year-on-year basis. We are confident of achieving 22% to 23% 
annual growth on a medium-term basis under the music vertical. We have been maintaining that 
position in the past, and we continue maintaining this position. 
 
This quarter saw release of successful Tamil film albums, Thug Life with 2 of the songs toppings 
Spotify charts. This is a Kamal Haasan and Mani Ratnam movie -- and AR Rahman music. Two 
Telugu songs from film Court and Hit 3 also fared very well and topped Telugu Spotify charts. 
 
Similarly, songs from the Bengali Film Dhumketu have been hitting YouTube charts. Our other 
big release was Jacqueline and Neil Nitin Mukesh starrer Digital Show (Musical Drama) called 
Hai Junoon, which came on JioHotstar. This had a great combination of a lot of new original 
songs as well as recreations of some of the biggest songs that Saregama owns. 
 
On the non-film side, we continue our focus and released a lot of songs, but primarily of our 
own exclusive artists like Mahi, Keshav, Gujarati Superstar- Jignesh Barot. Overall, company 
released 1,000-plus original and premium recreations across Hindi, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, Tamil, 
Telugu, Malayalam, Marathi and Bengali languages. 
 
I think a big highlight, which is more of July, but I want to share with you something we are 
very, very happy and proud about is the acquisition of the biggest and the most popular Haryanvi 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
music catalog under the company name called NAV Records, with 6,500 tracks across Haryanvi, 
Punjabi, Ghazals, Devotional, and Indie Pop. 
 
Some of the songs here have a YouTube viewership, which is higher than even the biggest song 
that Saregama owns today. And Haryanvi always used to be an area where Saregama didn't have 
strength. So, it helps us in filling that gap beautifully. 
 
This acquisition also includes popular YouTube channels like NAV Haryanvi and Nupur Audio 
with an overall 24 million subscriber base. This deal will be funded entirely through our QIP 
money. We are still in the process to operationalize it, and I expect the revenues will start flowing 
through our book from quarter 3 onwards. 
 
Overall, our spend for the new content for this year will be somewhere between INR 350 crores 
to INR 380 crores. But most of our big releases are scheduled at this juncture between Q3 and 
Q4. 
 
This includes Ranveer Singh's, Dhurandhar; Sanjay Leela Bhansali's, Love & War; Dharma's 
movie, which is the Kartik Aaryan starrer, Main Tera Tu Meri Tu Mera Main Teri, Telugu 
superstar Nani's Paradise, Tamil – Dhanush’s Idly Kadai; Kannada superstar Darshan's Devil; 
and in Tamil also Sivakarthikeyan's Parasakthi. 
 
With all these investments that we people are doing, we continue with a guidance of a 5-year 
payback period. And after that, we have another 55 to 75 years in front of us to keep on reaping 
the returns. This quarter, which is April to June, was our second quarter which faced the pressure 
of Airtel Wynk closing, around November last year. 
 
They were last of the people who had to either shut down or move from free to pay. This cycle 
should get over, by the time we people are in the middle of Q3. On the YouTube side, quarter 1 
saw some pressure due to advertising stopping from primarily during the Indo-Pakistan war, but 
it normalized by early June. 
 
As I stated earlier, I think the biggest impact was on account a lot of movies getting pushed to 
the later quarters. Unlike last year, where Q1 saw our biggest releases of the year, we had Tauba 
Tauba song hitting out there in Q1. 
 
We had Chamkila and which was a massive movie of Imtiaz Ali, and Diljit Dosanjh. That had 
hit us in quarter 1. And Kalki, which is Prabhas movie in Telugu and, Amitabh Bachchan was 
also featuring in that. All that hit in Q1. So suddenly when you do a quarter 1 to quarter 1, these 
kinds of issues keep on happening. 
 
That's why I keep on requesting and urging all of you guys, please see us on a rolling 12-month 
basis. You get a far better picture. Artiste Management, the newest vertical under music 
monetization, where artists are made popular through IP releases and then we monetize these 
artists by booking them for live events, weddings, and brand endorsements from which 
Saregama gets a share. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
During this quarter, 25 plus new influencers and artistes were added taking a total count of the 
artists that we are managing in the company to 230 plus. And between these 230 plus artists, 
they have a 200 million follower base on Instagram and YouTube. 
 
The artiste that we are super proud of, who became part of the family, was Dr. Kumar Vishwas, 
a poet, right now of Ultimate Fame. As our investment in new content goes, these artistes are 
going to become bigger and bigger and we believe that with digital advertising growing at 15% 
per annum, biggest beneficiary of these will be the artists and influencer. 
 
And as the number 1 agency that is representing these artistes and helping them grow, we stand 
to benefit in short to medium run. On the video front, this was a softer quarter. We had only 1 
Malayalam release in which we incurred a small loss. Also had a digital series, Find The Farzi, 
once again with our own artiste called RJ Karishma. This series came on JioHotstar. 
 
On a full year basis, we are confident that this video vertical will also result into profits. On live 
events side, Saregama Live successfully launched our Cap Mania tour in 2025, with Himesh 
Reshammiya. It started with the first event happening in Bombay in Q1, and this was followed 
up by 2 houseful shows that we did in the month of July in Delhi. 
 
As always, whenever you start a new tour, the first, 1 or 2 events end up losing money because 
you're still trying to establish the show and the marketing spends are disproportionately high 
right now at the beginning . But we believe as the show keeps on progressing, similar will be 
the scene with Cap Mania. We plan to take it to multiple cities, and maybe outside India too. 
 
Like the Diljit Dosanjh part, we expect this tour also with time, to start becoming more and more 
profitable. The other shows that we did right now was a stand-up comedy act that we are doing 
with our own artiste Viraj Ghelani under the name That's So Viraj. We had successful shows in 
financial year '25 and we followed it up with 4 additional performances in Bombay and Gujarat 
during Q1. 
 
Our new retail strategy for Carvaan has been fully rolled out, whereby we are retailing it 
primarily from e-commerce and modern trade stores. The team size has been cut dramatically. 
 
While the volumes and revenues have shrunk, the profitability margins have started improving 
and we expect by the time we hit the end of the year, we should be writing, mid single-digit 
margins on Carvaan, which is back to the old, good old days. Over the next few years, we will 
continue investing in new music content aggressively. 
 
This will not only contribute to the immediate growth numbers of the company, but more 
importantly, future-proof the company by putting it on a long-term growth path. Amidst all this, 
we are maintaining at the company level our adjusted EBITDA guidance of 32% to 33%. 
Saregama's growth narrative will continue to be steady in the medium to long term, courtesy the 
massive increase in the digital consumption of this country, both in terms of new customers 
coming into the market and existing customers consuming more and more. And we are seeing 
every year this trend is becoming stronger. We now have a 400 million internet footprint. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Combine that with our cash reserves, professional management depth, and access to the 
soundtracks of the best movies, we believe that we will not only be able to maintain our earning 
guidance for next 2 to 3 years, but hopefully for the next 20 to 30 years. 
 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I'm happy to take questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Harssh K Shah from Dalal & Broacha. 
Harssh K. Shah: 
A few questions from my side. So firstly, if you could kind of help us understand what challenges 
or headwinds the overall industry is kind of facing other than certain music apps kind of shutting 
shops. 
 
So basically, my question is coming from the point of view of YouTube. So, I acknowledge that 
you mentioned that Q1 had some challenges. But in general, are we seeing, say, lower ad spends 
or lower number of advertisement run on music videos, which kind of impacts our monetization 
or is it something extremely temporary? Some thoughts on that? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Yes. So, we are not seeing any headwinds right now on YouTube. What happened in the month 
of May happened not just on YouTube but across every media. When the country is in that 
situation, you typically have advertising that stops on a temporary basis. I think it's very much  
expected and these things don't happen regularly. 
 
Typically, Q1 is weaker for YouTube, because the advertising goes to television behind IPL. 
That's a Q1 phenomena in general. This year got worsened to some extent because of this 
problem in the month of May. But June, we are seeing the numbers coming back. And if you 
see the -- at least the views data in the month of June is very clearly available. You can also track 
it, all our channels combined. We are in a pretty healthy state once again. 
Harssh K. Shah: 
Got it. Okay. And also, on the media segment, so you alluded to that this year we are targeting 
to be… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Shah. We're unable to hear you. Your voice is breaking. 
Harssh K. Shah: 
Is this better? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Yes. 
Harssh K. Shah: 
Yes. So my question is on the video segment. So I acknowledge that you mentioned that this 
year, we will start making profits. So, you're talking about the exit run rate or maybe on the full 
year, we will see profits? And what steps are you taking? 
Vikram Mehra: 
So -- see, video business, again, cannot be seen on a quarterly basis. We see it on an annual basis 
because a lot depends on which quarter, what releases are happening. Unlike our music business 
where we are aggressively investing, in the video business, we follow an extremely cautious 
approach. That's why we have shared our internal guidelines that at any particular time, we will 
not be locking more than 18% of our total capital employed across the entire video and live 
segment business. So, we approach this part very cautiously. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
So whatever positive and negative will happen, you will see very, very low swings in the 
numbers as people go forward. There are more titles coming in, in the later part of the year. And 
you will see us on the profit side by the time people go back and end the financial year in the 
video segment. 
Harssh K. Shah: 
Got it. And a related question, sir, any specific reason why the capital employed within the video 
vertical has gone up by almost 25% on a year-on-year basis? 
Vikram Mehra: 
It's just a temporary phenomenon right now by the time you go into end of Q2, Q3, this number 
is going to fall down once again. So, if you just go back and look at the capital employed on the 
video segment across the last 2, 3 years, you will see the in between swings that go back and 
come in. 
 
When you go back and invest, but the monies may have just come out there in a week after the 
quarter gets ended. So please, I think the right way for you to look at right now how we are 
exiting the year compared to the last year odd. So, this is a temporary phenomenon. 
 
It will all get squared out. But the key part is at no juncture will the capital deployed across the 
entire video segment, which is films, TV series content, digital series content, short-format 
content. All segments combined plus live events will ever exceed more than 18% of the total 
capital deployed. And we are far lower than that at the moment. 
Harssh K. Shah: 
Got it. And lastly, any update on the profitability status of, say, Pocket Aces? And maybe if you 
could quantify the amount of losses we may have faced in Pocket Aces this quarter? And when 
do we think in terms of profitability, we'll end up be positive, yes. 
Vikram Mehra: 
So, from this year, I had stated this when we declared the annual results, and I spoke to all of 
you guys in the month of May. This financial year, Pocket Aces is going to turn profitable. I 
think we have a very fine management team out there who are doing everything right here. So, 
our process out there is very, very clear. 
 
Rather than cutting on muscle, we are going out there and improving our revenue stream so that 
we end up building and further building up the extremely strong brands that people have within 
Pocket Aces, FilterCopy, Dice Media and Clout and make it a formidable force. But I understand 
your concern and give you the comfort that by the end of the year, you will Pocket Aces turning 
profitable. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. 
Lokesh Manik: 
My question was just continuing on the video segment. It's been now more than 8 quarters that 
we've not seen significant profitability there. Does Pocket Aces get classified under the video 
segment or there is a split between video and music? How do we look into this area? 
Vikram Mehra: 
So for Pocket Aces, a big part is under video. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Okay. So, the video is then driven by Pocket Aces now. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
I want to clarify out there that the loss that you're seeing in this quarter is account of the only 
film that we people release. We had some amount of losses in that film. So, we understand on 
the video segment are still early days for us. Unlike the music  business right now that we have 
been running for 125 years now. 
 
This is still a relatively new business for us. That's why we are doing a lot of experiments, but 
small experiments learning from our mistakes and going up. You are never going to be seeing 
any dramatic losses happening out there on the video segment. That much I can assure you. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Great. Vikram, my second question was more a clarification. Do we  on a per stream basis, do 
we make more in YouTube versus audio platforms? That was the understanding we got from 
some channel checks. 
Vikram Mehra: 
I will not be able -- because this is  getting into specific deals that I have with YouTube versus 
the deal I have with some of the streaming platform. 
Lokesh Manik: 
No, I don't need the number, just if it is higher or lower. 
Vikram Mehra: 
No, again, I'll give you a very speculative answer. A lot depends right now on the kind of content 
we are putting up. Yes, there are cases at times right now where you do end up making little 
higher, but there are also equal number of cases where YouTube is far lower than what you make 
from streaming. 
 
See, the big difference in YouTube philosophically is that how -- what percentage of your total 
views are coming from European and the American world, because the more the number of 
views a music video gets from those markets, we get a share of advertising that is either in dollars 
or euros or pound. And the advantage that one ends up getting. 
 
So, there are languages and specific kind of videos which do very well out there in YouTube. 
While there are other languages which are primarily spoken by people in India, and you don't 
have too many Indian origin people of that language sharing outside. 
 
So internally, we have a very clear benchmark that we people work with for every language and 
within the language, the genre of music that we are creating that what is the profile of that across 
each of the partner platform that we work with. It's not just YouTube, it's YouTube versus Apple 
versus Spotify versus Saavn versus Gaana versus Amazon. 
Lokesh Manik: 
No, Vikram, I'll just tell you where I'm coming from is more from the distribution network that 
we are creating. It shouldn't be the case that we create this distribution network. And when the 
audience comes back to us to listen to the music, it comes to a platform that is giving us a lower 
realization versus a platform which is giving us a higher realization. That was my only 
clarification I needed. Is that the case happening? 
Vikram Mehra: 
I will not talk about specific platforms, but I can tell you all the partner platforms of us, whether 
it's a video streaming platforms, or the audio streaming platforms –have started making a strong 
effort to take their customers towards paid subscription. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
So, if you see whether YouTube or Spotify or Saavn, all of them – have started making an effort 
right now to move people behind the paid wall. So, I'd like to believe that the revenue yield is 
going to start going up on each of these platforms, and it's not going to remain specific to only 
1 or 2 platforms. 
 
A little bit of a concern for us are the short-format apps that are there in the country right now, 
which are still there on a fixed fee for all of us. We believe with time, maybe on a medium-term 
basis, that should open up, and we should start getting a share of advertising there. So that's a 
very different line of business. But on the audio/video side, I think paid economy is started 
getting into both of them. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Okay. And in the short format, they were not able to compensate for the loss that we have seen 
from minimum guarantees from these platforms, which are shut down. They would be too small 
today. Is that a fair assessment? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Short format was there when these free platforms, the minimum guarantees were there. The short 
format is not a new phenomenon. You have primary 2 big international apps in India, which is 
Instagram Reels and YouTube Shorts. Some of the local guys who jumped into it, they have 
started going slow. But these guys have been there right now for the last 5, 6 years. 
 
We believe that the big breakout may happen in the short-format apps when like some other 
international short-format app, these 2 also start sharing a part of their advertising revenue with 
the content creators. YouTube Shorts has already started doing that in the non-music category. 
We believe it will eventually come to music also. But I'm going to put my bets on a short to 
medium term there. I'm not putting my bet on an immediate basis that it will happen. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Fair enough. And the advertising budget that we see in the industry that is sort of at the macro 
level, if you see it is fixed. Now for that budget, there are different forms of content that are 
competing. Do you see music as seeing a threat in the form of a content from different forms of 
content that are emerging, which is playing down the growth in the music industry at 10% versus 
digital advertising growing like you mentioned, at 15%? 
Vikram Mehra: 
In a way, music has an unfair advantage out here because when you consume content on any 
digital media, what are you consuming? You're consuming music video. I understand you're 
listening to a song, which is hardcore music. But every time you're watching a digital series, 
there's a high probability that a song somewhere has been added to that. 
 
It may be as simple as a telephone ringing and the ring tone of the telephone being Tauba Tauba, 
or it may be somebody humming Mere Sapno Ki Rani Kab Aayegi Tu it's in part of the video 
series itself or a new  or even if somebody is walking right now and songs are going on in every 
case, we people end up generating revenue. 
 
So, we like to believe right now that as more and more people jump into the digital bandwagon 
and start consuming more content, we will get a larger and larger share of the advertising 
revenue. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
And as India moves from advertising to a paid economy, which has happened in every other part 
of the world and have started happening out there on the video OTT side, and before that 
happened with digital cable and the DTH side, we believe right now that in times to come, this 
value of the kitty will keep on going up. And that's the reason as a company we're investing so 
heavily in content, because we believe we will be able to monetize a lot on a short-term basis 
itself. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Govindarajan Chellappa from CSIM. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: A couple of questions. First, we've been talking about the shift to subscribers in the music space 
for the last 2 years now. Relative to what you had expected, how has been the pace of the shift? 
Just looking from the numbers, it doesn't look like it's moved as fast as you would have 
anticipated 2 years back. And if that's the case, what is holding it back? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Govind, what's happening is the numbers are a misleading part because when you look at the 
absolute numbers, you are seeing numbers not growing that steeply because the free business, 
minimum guarantees are all going away for all of us. So, while the paid economy is taking up, 
remember, in the last 30 months, we have Wynk shutting down. 
 
we have Resso, which is a ByteDance, that's shutting down in the country, Hungama shutting 
down in the country, Gaana going right now completely from free to pay economy, and hence, 
all of us have taken out our MGs. 4 platforms in India have shut down. And in spite of that, 
companies like Saregama are still showing growth. 
 
I'll not be able to show growth unless there was genuine revenue coming up. Actually, 
subscription has started showing its head. A year back, I remember somebody asking me and I 
said, I'm seeing green shoots. Now those green shoots are actually becoming like saplings. And 
we believe, give it another 4, 6 quarters, you will see right now subscription becoming the 
primary way in which people consume content. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: I mean, if you can give some numbers at the industry level, what proportion of, let's say, 
consumers are now paid OTT plus YouTube together or just OTT? 
Vikram Mehra: 
I'll urge right now it's wrong on my part to give numbers on the industry part. There are various 
industry reports that you can go back and look at. But you need to -- I think just empirically, 
once again, think of what I shared with you. Out of these 8 platforms that they were in India, 4 
platforms have shut down. In spite of that, companies like Saregama are growing in revenues. 
 
I can't grow unless streaming business is also growing along with it. Streaming is a large part of 
whatever revenue that people make. We'll give you the comfort that, yes, some of the free 
business has shifted from these 4 shutdown platforms to the other 2 platforms, which is Spotify 
and Saavn, but the larger number people are seeing growth rate coming from the subscription 
side. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: Okay. My second question is on videos. I mean, I know the amounts are small, but it does take 
a lot of management time and bandwidth in running a business like this. We've been doing this 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
for the last many years from mid-2010. At what point do you take a call that it is working or 
not? It's no longer an experiment, right? It's been a pretty long time? 
Vikram Mehra: 
No, no. So listen, what is the video part? The series business that we people run right now 
actually is an auto mode. Not even 2010, we have been doing it from year 2000 onwards right 
now when we made series for Sun TV. That business is a well-oiled machine that just keeps on 
running. 
 
We run 2 to 3 series in a year. Most of them go to anything between 1,000 episodes to 2,000 
episodes a time. So, they just run on their own -- and that's the power when you have strong 
enough number 2 and number 3 levels built into the company. I can assure you and you can one 
day just come out there and monitor my time or the senior management's time, less time goes 
out there in the series business. Yes, the short-format content business that people run on the 
FilterCopy, which is a relatively new vertical within the company. 
 
Once again, that churns out at that fast pace that the amount of management time that's going in 
it right now is relatively limited. We inherently believe that there is potential on the video side. 
From both perspectives, video on its own, the consumption is going up, and we don't want a 
situation where we don't have a play on the video side at all. Most international labels and all of 
my competitors in India have a video play also going on. Second, video also becomes a great 
source to get brand-new music. 
 
And also to monetize our existing music or promote the existing music by pushing that music as 
part of the video assets that are going out. Again, let me take example of FilterCopy. One of the 
amazing part that the FilterCopy management team and the music team out here have done 
together is to ensure that the millions of views which are getting generated on FilterCopy 
content, almost all of them have some old song of Saregama, which gets placed. 
 
What it does is to build fresh recall for the older content of ours, and we see immediately a causal 
effect relationship getting built that people listen to that content on a FilterCopy video and then 
go to Spotify or YouTube or a Saavn or an Apple and add that song as part of the playlist. So 
we believe there is a strategic play right now that we people have right now on the video side. 
 
We were never into big budget Hindi films. And on our own, we have no plans right now within 
Saregama as a company to go into these big budget Hindi films. We will remain wherever the 
budgets are under control. The actors are ready to come on the back-ended side so that the risk 
that people end up taking is on a relatively lower side. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: Okay. And last question was on working capital. There's almost a INR 210 crores increase in 
working capital during the quarter, and it's across all items. I mean, inventory has gone up a lot, 
receivables have gone up and payables have fallen. I know there is some quarterly fluctuation, 
but this just does seem to be a lot more than what you normally see from one quarter to another. 
Any particular reason for that? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
Govind, Pankaj, this side. I'll just take that. So, as you rightly mentioned in your question, there 
are quarterly patterns on this working capital side. If you just pick up even past numbers, you'll 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
see quarter 2 at times will be completely different to quarter 1. So that is one answer to your 
question. 
 
Secondly, as we said, on the video side, there are some very exciting projects that are lined up. 
We have made some investments over there. That's also sitting as part of our inventory-  Hence, 
you see the jump in the inventory and the receivables. But as we move forward, when you see 
Q2, Q3, a lot of these things will get normalized. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anand Bhaskaran from Ksema Wealth Private Limited. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Yes.  I just want to know a clear indication of the way things are going in the segment revenue 
-- right now, I guess music is contributing a 69% and Artiste Management 11%, video in 17%. 
So, I just want to know like overall breakup what you see going forward for FY '26 and FY '27. 
What would be the main driver for the revenue out of these 4 segments? 
Vikram Mehra: 
So for us, out of these segments right now, we have shared our revenue growth projections. On 
a short- to medium-term basis, the music business, which is licensing plus Artiste Management, 
that's a music business within Saregama, that should be growing at 22% to 23% CAGR on a 
short- to medium-term basis. The video business is expected to be along the lines of 25% on a 
medium-term basis. Our EBITDA guidelines are 32% to 33%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, you mentioned a few big players like Google used our song in their advertisement. How 
much revenue we earned whether it is more than INR 5 crores in a year? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Sir, the monies that we people make from brands using our music in their ads is substantial 
enough. I'll not be in a position to give you a number here. It's very competitively sensitive data. 
We compete with other people also. But it's a substantial enough part. In fact, we have a 
dedicated team that just looks after that. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. No problem, sir. Nowadays, how is content cost you find because a lot of Bollywood 
movies are lesser. So, are you finding difficult to acquire content cost at comparatively low 
rates? 
Vikram Mehra: 
So, the content cost keeps on moving up and down at times between various languages. I think 
what will give you comfort is, all of us starting from me to everybody down, the first criteria on 
which our performance is evaluated within Saregama is 5-year payback period for all the content 
we acquired during the year. 
 
Even if it comes, the market share falls, revenue numbers can move here and there, this criteria 
of 5-year payback period can never move. So, whatever we people do in terms of content 
acquisition, we do keeping in mind that we don't end up overpaying. Otherwise, we will not be 
able to satisfy this 5-year payback period. 
 
We have seen in some of the languages where some albums did very, very well, the prices went 
up substantially. It happened in a couple of South Indian languages. Companies like us and even 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
one of our competitors have just pulled back saying right now, we will not invest at these kind 
of prices that are there in the market. So -- you are aware, sir, that we have been sitting on some 
of the QIP money for some time. 
 
And however, tempting it may be to go out there and acquire content at any price, as a 
management team at Saregama, we are very conscious of the fact that even if it comes at the 
cost of market share, we will not invest in content if we believe that it's overpriced and we will 
not be able to live up to 5-year payback. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, have you been valued our library of songs of film or other films we have 
made, any parameter to evaluate this valuation? 
Vikram Mehra: 
I'm not very clear about your question. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, we have so many songs like 150,000 or films which we have made. Any parameter to value 
this content? 
Vikram Mehra: 
No, we have never. We have not done a valuation exercise of all the IP that we people own. We 
have 1,75,000 songs. We have some 75 plus new movies. We have some 10,000 plus hours of 
TV content IP that we people own, and we have lots of content that we own in Pocket Aces. We 
charge off everything. We have never done a valuation exercise. 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
Ravi, just a question -- I mean, just to understand why this question coming up? Is there any 
kind of thought process behind this question? 
Ravi Naredi: 
One thing is there in our mind, what is the valuation of our company? It is almost INR10,000 
crores. So, I would like to find whether our content cost is more than INR10,000 crores or less. 
That is in my mind. 
Vikram Mehra: 
Sir, you tell us how to value Lata ji's songs… 
Ravi Naredi: 
I'm very novice in this music industry. So just asking you to whether any barometer is there to 
evaluate. That is my point. 
Vikram Mehra: 
Any internal exercise has not been carried out, sir. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. And last, sir, almost INR 700 crores, we will spend on content cost in financial year '26, 
'27. Thereafter, what will be our plan? 
Vikram Mehra: 
So sir, we have been stating that we want to get -- acquire 25% to 30% of all new content that 
comes out. We believe that with this INR 700 crores, we will reach that level. At this moment, 
we have no intent to increase our market share of new content beyond 30%. Let's see how well 
we people fare over the next 18 months, and we will then share with you. But standing today, I 
think we are comfortable with the kind of market share that we people are getting at this moment. 
 
For us, the good part is that not only we are getting content, our hit ratio to flop ratio is the best 
in the market today because we are using data to decide what content to pick up and what cost 
structure picks up. So we will share with you, sir, over the next 18 months, the future strategy. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul Picha from Multi-Act PMS. 
Rahul Picha: 
I have 2 questions. First one is on minimum guarantee on Spotify and JioSaavn. So what we 
understand is Spotify and JioSaavn has done away with minimum guarantee across the music 
labels. So just wanted to know when that minimum guarantee was taken away by the Spotify 
and JioSaavn? And what was the impact of it in our Q1 numbers? 
Vikram Mehra: 
I can't comment on specific commercial leads that we have with these 2 platforms. All I can say, 
maybe your information may not be 100% accurate, but I'll leave it there. 
Rahul Picha: 
Okay. And second question is on YouTube. So YouTube has changed monetization policy 
towards user-generated content. So, has that impacted us in Q1? The growth has been impacted 
negatively in Q1 because of that? 
Vikram Mehra: 
No, sir. The specific thing you're talking about is not just a quarter old. It started happening from 
last year onwards. And that has been fully factored in. If you see our revenues, I wouldn't have 
been able to show you this kind of a revenue growth unless YouTube was also firing for us. 
 
We had very little newer content getting released in this quarter. Yes, we did a pretty decent job 
of making more money from our older content. And for that, it's important, both the channel 
revenue as well as the user-generated content revenue should go up. So, I think we are proud of 
what the team has been able to do out here. We have been able to hold on to our revenue growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. Just wanted to understand on this recent movie released Saiyaara, where Yash Raj Films 
has kept it to themselves. Is that a new competitor in the market or are we likely to see more 
such cases going ahead that they don't have a music label, I believe? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Yes, ma'am. All I can say that Yash Raj has been now following this policy for, I think, over 25 
years, if I remember correctly. I think Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was the last movie who's 
music we had bought. 
 
And to best of my understanding, they are the only production house in the country, not just in 
Hindi, that has taken the call to retain the IP and not give it to a music label. I wish I can tell you 
for guarantee that nobody in the future will do this, but we have not seen any evidence of any 
other production house doing it. 
 
Please understand for any new film producer, they are able to recover anything between 8% to 
15% of their total cost of the film by selling the rights of music. It becomes a good seed funding 
money right now for them to put up their film project. Most of them bank on the profits they 
make from their box office performance far more and try to hedge their risk by selling the music 
rights, digital rights and the TV rights. That's how the industry functions today. But Yash Raj 
films is an exception. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. Sir, my second question would be that in terms of the comps, they become more difficult 
for us from 3Q, I guess, or 2Q because of Stree 2 last year bumping up the music licensing 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
revenues. So, on the music licensing, if you could give some more color of any new big budget 
things that we have lined up, I mean, coming up in terms of the music rights we have acquired 
in Hindi big budget? 
Vikram Mehra: 
For Stree ,  I wish to say right now that we were geniuses if we knew how big Stree 2 will 
become before the release. I don't think we expected it. It's all courtesy right now, the production 
of Maddock and the composer Sachin-Jigar who gave such a phenomenal music. So, it's difficult 
to say in advance which music will take off the way they did. But we have some very big movies 
and from production houses who are known for their music. 
 
I think the biggest is Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s Love & War, which is supposed to be released in 
March. It has got Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, and Vicky Kaushal. And it's Bhansali sir himself 
directing the movie after some time. We also have Ranveer Singh's Dhurandhar. Their trailer 
dropped some time back, was using one of old Saregama songs, and it has got serious 
appreciation. 
 
We are bullish on that. We also have Dharma Production movie, Main Tera Tu Meri Tu Mera 
Main Teri which is the Kartik Aaryan movie, Dharma is always known for giving very high-
quality music. So, we are banking on that, too. We have a Dhanush movie coming in later this 
year, which is in Tamil. 
 
We have Darshan, who is Kannada number 1 star, his movie coming in later this year. We have 
Nani's movie coming in Telugu. So, there is a very decent lineup. Fortunately, unfortunately, 
majority of the stuff is sitting in Q3 and Q4. But it's a release of these films that gives us the 
confidence to hold on to our guidance of 22% to 23% growth in short to medium term on the 
music side. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right, sir. And sir, my last question would be on this recent T-Series signed up with this artist 
of Saiyaara, the Kashmiri guy. So were we also in talks with this -- for this artist, anything on 
that? 
Vikram Mehra: 
We do not talk about these individual artiste deals, unfair to my team, unfair to T-Series team 
and unfair to the extremely talented artistes we are talking about. But Artiste Management is 
something we take very, very seriously. Philosophically, Saregama bets more on new age artistes 
who are young in whom we see potential, then we groom them, then we do music videos with 
them. With some of them, we are even putting them in our films or putting them in our digital 
series. That's the power of also having the video vertical within the company and try to make 
them big. 
 
2, 3 of them have already started releasing their content out. And hopefully, very soon right now, 
you're going to be talking about them and asking me that how did we manage to do this magic. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right, sir. Sir, my last question, if I may. On this payback for the Haryanvi catalog that we've 
purchased, would that fit in that 5-year period? And if you could share the cost of that 
acquisition? 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
Ma'am, I'll not be able to share specific commercials. Overall, what I can tell you right now, I 
think we have got a very, very good deal. And the beauty of this deal is that the promoters are 
not only selling their catalog to us, but are also working with us to create fresh Haryanvi content 
for Saregama. 
 
I think as valuable as their catalog is, equally valuable is Rajesh Gupta, who used to own NAV 
and his son and Nephew, I think they are one of the smartest people and on the Haryanvi side. 
And the fact they are ready to partner with us to create more Haryanvi content is what inspires 
far more confidence in us and makes me happy. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Vikram, my follow-on question was we are seeing a trend in brand-sponsored podcasts. Do we 
have any play out there? What is your view going forward? How can Pocket Aces help us out 
there? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Sir, we believe within the company. It's a very good question you have asked. Within the 
company, we realize that we make a decent amount of money from platforms. wherein we put 
our content on from a Netflix to a Spotify to a YouTube and we get a share of advertising. 
 
We also have a play in direct to customer where customer pays for Carvaan or customer pays 
for a Live Event, a Himesh Reshammiya concert or a Diljit Dosanjh concert. We realize that we 
need to now strengthen our play in brands coming on board and putting their monies right now 
behind our content. 
 
So, within the company, we have constituted a completely new vertical, which is now going to 
be selling to brands, both from music perspective. So, create bespoke content for various brands. 
It may be a brand-new song. It may be somebody who wants to do a digital concert or a digital 
music-based show -- that team is also going to be selling to brand sponsorships for live events 
and getting brands right now for our entire FilterCopy range of channels. 
 
So we are combining this and now going out there to the brand and saying that if you want to 
reach out to the younger people who are more and more getting away from the world of 
television, then we may be a great solution, whereby we can give you music, video as well as 
influencer, a package deal can be offered across to you. Podcast, both video and audio are part 
of the same thing. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Understood. And this quarter, we've seen a drop in advertising expense, whereas the content cost 
has remained the same. So, what has driven this fall in advertising? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Whenever a new movie is released, the marketing cost is charged off immediately, while the 
content cost is charged off right now in a phased manner. So, what you will always see that in a 
year, in a quarter, content cost will also have the previous year's uncharged content cost being 
charged off in the quarter while marketing depends only on whether a brand new thing has been 
released in that quarter or not. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Correct, correct. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
I'm not seeing marketing cost going to come down because… 
Lokesh Manik: 
No, I can connect with your comment on new releases were not there this quarter. So maybe that 
is what has driven the expenses… 
Vikram Mehra: 
Perfect. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Yes. So, Vikram, just the last one was if you see ad rates in the industry going down and 
advertising revenue going down, does this then delay the payback period that you have to 
monetize your content? Does it impact that… 
Vikram Mehra: 
So what you're asking right now? Yes, it should impact. All I can tell you, we have not seen our 
yield per view coming down on platforms which are advertising dependent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vikram Mehra: 
I have already shared our guidance right now for future. We believe music industry specific and 
even the video side, I think we are still an underutilized, under monetized entertainment industry. 
At Saregama, we believe that the fact that we are extremely data-driven, we run away from 
anything which is an individual-driven part here. 
 
The fact we have a diversified portfolio, which not only hedges our risk, but allows us a situation 
where the whole is more than the sum of the parts. And the fact that we have a senior 
management team that has been there with the system for a long enough time gives us a very, 
very good opportunity to monetize and capitalize on this digital revolution that is sweeping the 
country. 
 
And 2 to 3 years, the kind of guidance that people are giving right now, I believe all of them are 
going to get met. Thank you, and please keep supporting us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
