 
aa 
PI Industries Ltd. 
Corporate Off.: Vipul Square, 5th Floor, B-Block, Sushant Lok, Phase I, Gurgaon – 122009, Haryana, India. Tel.: +91-124-679000 
Regd. Off.: Post Box No.20, Udaisagar Road, Udaipur – 313001, Rajasthan, India. Tel.: +91-294-2491451-5, 6651100, Fax: +91-294-2491946 
Email: info@piind.com, www.piindustries.com, CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 
PI External 
 
PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:39/2025-26 
August 21, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Code No. 523642 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Code No. PIIND 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of 
Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, August 13, 2025 at 2:30 PM (IST), to discuss 
the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025.  
 
Further, please note that the said transcript is also made available on the Company’s website 
at 
https://www.piindustries.com/investor/disclosure/stock-exchange-filings/earning-call-transcript-
and-audio-recordings/ 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Shruti Joshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
SHRUTI 
RATNAKAR JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTI RATNAKAR JOSHI 
Date: 2025.08.21 
21:22:06 +05'30'

: 
Page 1 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
 
PI Industries Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to PI Industries Limited’s Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Avirat. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on PI 
Industries’ Q1 FY26 earnings conference call. 
Today we are joined by senior members of the management team including: 
 
Mr. Mayank Singhal – Executive Vice Chairperson & Managing Director 
 
Mr. Rajnish Sarna – Joint Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sanjay Agarwal – Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Dr. Atul Gupta – CEO - CSM AgChem 
 
Mr. Prashant Hegde – CEO - AgChem Brands 
 
Dr. Ramesh Subramanian – Global CEO -PI Health Sciences 
 
Mr. Jagresh Rana – Global CEO - Biologicals 
We will begin the call with key perspectives from Mr. Singhal following which we will 
have Mr. Agarwal sharing his views on the Company's financial performance. 
Thereafter, the forum shall be opened for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on today's 
call will be forward-looking in nature. A disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the investor presentation that has been shared with you earlier and is also available 
on the stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to request Mr. Singhal to share his perspectives with you. Thank 
you and over to you. 

: 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, thank you and good afternoon to everyone. Just also wanted to add that we 
also have on the call for the first time Mr. Jagresh Rana, Global CEO - Biologicals. 
So, now let me begin by sharing my views of the business environment and the role 
of PI as a leader, as a technology solution provider and a global partner in the 
AgChem space. 
The global AgChem industry is navigating through a dynamic market environment 
and landscape, having witnessed an overall decline over the last two years. Low 
commodity prices, farm income and high interest rates and extreme weather events 
and uncertainty related to tariffs over the last six months have impacted the market 
sentiments. 
On the positive side, there's a gradual destocking of inventories in most of the 
markets and a secular trend on global innovators pushing the China Plus One 
strategy. 
On the domestic side, we have seen favorable monsoons, positive sowing trends in 
major crops. The abrupt regulatory challenges in biologicals, fertilizer shortfalls have 
impacted the growth momentum in the Kharif season.  
Beyond the near term, development of advanced crop care solutions remains a 
global priority. Given the underlining requirements for higher and more reliable crop 
yields and the shrinking arable land, weather variability and growing population, 
innovators are adopting new technological initiatives including AI-based platforms 
from research to farms. The initiatives are improving product efficacy, farm output 
and regulatory compliances. Concurrently, the demand of biologicals for integrated 
crop health management has increased, given the challenges of climate change. In 
the current landscape, the global companies continue to elevate their strategic 
partnerships across the value chain in pursuit of cost optimization and build resilient 
business models amid heightened regulatory challenges. 
I now move on to our business highlights for Q1 FY26: 
Our performance is broadly in line with the H2-weighted FY26 plan. On the AgChem 
exports side, we have seen a decline that is in line with the customer delivery 
schedules to balance the inventory levels. As explained before, we have built in 
transitional softness in the financial year 2026 plan. However, it is important to 
highlight that the growth of the new products commercialized for the last three years 
have registered a decent 46% growth year-on-year. We are expecting to resume 
acceleration of supplies in H2. We will commercialize 6 to 7 new molecules in the 
remaining quarters. Electronic and specialty chemical area has also gained traction 
and scale. 
Now, on the domestic side: 
We have seen a growth of 6% year-on-year for Q1 FY26, which could have been 
much higher if temporary regulatory disruptions were not there in the biological 
space, given PI's play in that arena. Given our advanced product mix and crop 
solutions-based approach, the momentum has sustained and we have introduced 
two new brands in Q1, and introducing additional 3 products during the year. Our 
development pipelines comprise of 20 plus new products that are in various phases 
of development and regulatory registration. 
 
 

: 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
During the quarter, our pharma business has showed an 186% year-on-year growth 
in revenue. We are seeing good traction in the new business inquiries with 
aggressive investments in business development. Our efforts to establish an 
integrated CRDMO platform, which is delivering world-class solutions by leveraging 
a combination of high-quality assets, world-class processes, solutions backed with 
knowledge and business development strategies led by strong leadership, are 
continuing to take shape and show some early bloom. We have carried out planned 
upgrades and additions to the assets across various locations to support the path of 
strategic growth.  
Now coming to the biological space, with the acquisition of Plant Health Care, PI has 
taken a significant step in scaling our biological business globally and bringing 
innovative, sustainable solutions to the farmers. Proprietary technologies including 
PREtec and Harpin, help in withstanding disease and environmental stress leading 
to higher yields and better financial returns to the growers globally. We are further 
intensifying our R&D efforts to integrate solutions with a focus on the markets of U.S., 
Brazil, Mexico, and India, and partnering across with others. 
As one of the key strategic milestones, which is now coming, I am pleased to share, 
we have filed the registration of India’s first discovery,  PIOXANILIPROLE, a 
significant breakthrough of the innovation journey taken by PI over a decade ago, is 
now showing its early shoots. We are happy to share there are other products in the 
pipeline at different stages of development and research. We continue to tap our 
growth opportunities in the various arenas of Ag science, Health sciences, and 
Specialty chemicals, marking a transition from an agri-sciences company to a life-
sciences company. Each of these segments and growth engines have significant 
potential to expand and strengthen our position at a global level. We are continuing 
our investments in these growth engines to ensure we pave and lay the foundations 
for the next level of growth in the coming years. 
Let me take you in terms of our outlook for global industry: 
We are still passing through a tough time, and an ongoing U.S. tariff drama is 
unfolding every day. We remain cautious and optimistic about reimagining the growth 
momentum in H2. I will highlight certain initiatives that we are working to further 
strengthen our outlook. CSM exports will see the introduction of new process 
technologies. We are investing in technology-based augmentation in our distribution 
business in order to drive customer centricity and efficiency. We continue to invest 
in newer acquired businesses to scale up and drive a more rounded growth. 
Implementing business processes reengineering like S4 HANA, global supply chain 
integration with strategic synergies. Further, not only that, based on our growth 
expectations, we shall continue to invest about Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 800 crore during 
the year. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the discussion to our group CFO, Sanjay. 
Thank you very much and Sanjay, over to you. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Singhal. Good afternoon, everyone. 
I will summarize the Company's financial highlights for the quarter ended June 30th, 
2025. Please note that all the comparisons are on year-on-year basis and refer to 
the consolidated performance of the Company. 
 
 

: 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
So, as you know, Q1 unfolded against the backdrop of macroeconomic headwinds 
and geopolitical uncertainties which continue to influence the market sentiment. And 
we anticipated these headwinds in our annual plan, which is H2 weighted. And 
therefore, the Q1 results are broadly in line with the business plan. To share the 
performance highlights during Q1 FY26, we reported revenue of Rs. 19,005 million, 
a decline of 8% over the same period of last year and a sequential growth of 7%. On 
a 3-year CAGR basis, the growth in Q1 is 7% as we had registered a growth of 8% 
in Q1 FY25 and 24% in Q1 FY24, making it a high base. 
Our domestic business grew by 6% backed by Kharif season and we remain buoyant 
based on favorable monsoon forecast and strong product portfolio which we have. 
However, there was a decline in the biological segment due to regulatory changes. 
Our pharma platform rebounded, registering revenue growth of 186% over previous 
year, driven by deepening relationship with biotech and big pharma innovators. Our 
development spent into creating fully integrated pharma CRDMO platform has 
helped to create an accelerated pathway for strong future growth.  
Q1 FY26 results also include the financials of our global biological business, which 
was acquired in August 2024. The business has been performing in line with the 
business plan with many innovative products in the pipeline. Due to the favorable 
product mix and cost optimization projects, our gross margin for the quarter has 
expanded to 57.4% and increased by 5.7% and our EBITDA margin remained 
resilient at 27.5% for the quarter. We expect the ETR to be in the range of 22%-23% 
for the next 2-3 years. Further, the trade working capital in terms of days of sales 
has increased to 91 days from 73 days in March 2025, while better inventory 
management has kept the inventory days almost at the same levels of last year. 
Our healthy performance leading to stable cash flows provides us the flexibility to 
continue with our CAPEX plans, allocating capital towards our future growth engine 
which we have done in PIHS, a pharma business, PHC, a global biological franchise 
and Discovery R&D. 
Our balance sheet further strengthened during the quarter. Net worth increased to 
Rs.1,06,003 million and a healthy net cash balance of Rs. 41,554 million. Given our 
leadership and strong partnership with global AgChem companies, our innovation 
pipeline, we expect accelerated H2 to drive a single-digit revenue growth for FY26 
with a sustained EBITDA margin. 
With this, I will conclude my opening remarks. I will now request the moderator to 
open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
It would be great if you can give us some sense on the applicability of tariff on our 
key product in the US, as well as other products. How do we think about it and what 
is our interaction with customer suggesting is it completely exempted all our product 
or the customer is willing to absorb some sense on that? That is the first question. 
Mayank Singhal: 
 As you know, the tariff scenario is evolving so there is no clarity on the implications 
of the tariff, but at present it is not applicable and we do not see any challenges. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. My second question is, any update on our registration of one of our key 
products in Brazil, pyro? 

: 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, let me answer. Number one, we don’t call that as our product. We're just a 
contract manufacturer, to be very fair. But already, it's been registered in Brazil, from 
what my understanding is from public domain. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, but our supplies are to Brazilian market? 
Mayank Singhal: 
No, we supply to a customer who will, in turn, may supply to Brazil. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Fair enough. Next question, when can we expect normalization of biological sales in 
India? 
Mayank Singhal: 
That's an interesting question. As you know, this is a fact which is still in the hand of 
the Government and the court. We would have wanted it to happen as of yesterday, 
but obviously, it's going to take some time. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. The final question, to give a fillip to our domestic business, are we also 
evaluating some inorganic opportunities in the Indian market? 
Mayank Singhal: 
 Yes, we are looking at many inorganic opportunities  for various  business segments.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay, that's it. I will fall back in queue. Thank you so much, Mayank. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Akella from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Akella: 
Thank you so much. So, on the gross margins, they've come in very strong at about 
57%. I know you mentioned the product mix as well as cost optimization projects. 
Last quarter, I believe we had guided to gross margins in the range of only 50% to 
52%. So, now, in light of this performance for the 1st Quarter, would we like to update 
that guidance range? Should we expect to stay closer to these levels? 
Mayank Singhal: 
We would stick to our guidelines. But like we mentioned, it is based on the product 
mix and some of the efficiencies driven by the operating teams. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
And these product mix vary quarter-to-quarter. So, the margin profile will also vary 
from one quarter to the other. 
Abhijeet Akella: 
So, 50% to 52% gross margins and 25%-27% EBITDA margins. Is that still the range 
to work with? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes. 
Abhijeet Akella: 
Okay. Thank you. And then the other thing was just a couple of quick bookkeeping 
questions, if I may. Just on the order book number, if it's possible to share that at the 
end of this quarter and also the revenues from Plant Health Care for the quarter, 
please. Thank you so much. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, I think the order book is about $1.2 billion. And in regards to the Plant Health 
Care, the revenue is about? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, on a yearly basis, it's around $8 to $10 million. 
Abhijeet Akella: 
Possible to share it for the quarter, Sanjay? 

: 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, it will be around $3 million to $4 million in this particular quarter. 
Abhijeet Akella: 
Okay. And is this included within the CSM business? 
Mayank Singhal: 
No. That's a separate vertical. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, it gets clubbed under the exports business what we have. 
Abhijeet Akella: 
Okay. All right. Thank you so much and I will come back in queue if any more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the domestic business. Can 
you please give more details on why the trade receivables kind of increased in the 
quarter? Because is it more to do with the push that you did in the market and 
possibility the risk of sales returns in Q2? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Okay. If I may get your question right, Prashant, maybe you can answer. The 
question is that why has there been an increase in the trade receivables? 
Prashant Hegde: 
Yes. So, one, obviously, there are inventories in the market for the industry. And 
second, as Mayank earlier explained, fertilizer shortages that resulted in a lot of 
money being basically diverted to secure the fertilizers. And we have seen a little bit 
of slowness in terms of agrochemicals, especially in terms of collection is concerned. 
So, that is what is reflecting on the receivables. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. And would you also assume a higher risk of sales returns coming into Q2? 
Prashant Hegde: 
No. So, as of now, our quality of sale is looking good. We do not see any higher 
returns compared to what which we have been  seeing from last one year. It is in 
line. So, we do not see any major increase in terms of our returns. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
And also, just to add to Prashant. Prashant spoke about the domestic business, the 
numbers when you look at aggregate levels,  even from the March 2025, and what 
we are seeing now in June 2025, they are broadly in line. So, there has been no 
major increase in the receivables. And as you asked, yes, the receivables, what we 
have, there is no concern at all for us in terms of the recoverability and they are very 
much in line with the current business environment. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, I think the point also to emphasize here is that receivables increase is more from 
the export segment which will be in line with plan. 
Saurabh Jain: 
The other question I had was on the pharma business. Just for my understanding, 
we reported in the current quarter that the gross margins for pharma business in the 
market is about 52%. But to look at the same presentation of last year, it was reported 
at 42%. Where am I missing? 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So you are right. The numbers of last year were over 42%. 
There was a reclassification which was done. And therefore, the numbers broadly 
are the same at 52% for the last year and this year also. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, now, like-for-like 52% versus 55%. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
That's correct. 

: 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. And do you also want to make a comment on your guidance for your pharma 
business? Because previous quarter you mentioned 75% revenue growth with 
improved margins. How would you see it now after this Q1 performance? 
Mayank Singhal : 
Your question is on the revenue growth or the margins? 
Saurabh Jain: 
No. So, in the previous quarter, you mentioned that you are expecting to achieve 
75% revenue growth in FY26 in your pharma business with improved margins. 
Mayank Singhal : 
So, we are broadly in line with that guideline. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya 
Birla Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Thank you for taking my question. 2-3 clarifications. First, on the biologics regulatory 
issue registration requirement. Let's assume in the next 1-2 quarters, if things get 
settled, how the industry shape would look like versus what it is today? Can it 
consolidate? Can it benefit players like you? How you see post-issue gets resolved? 
Mayank Singhal: 
No, sorry. I didn't get the question. I mean, are you asking that if the issues get 
resolved, would the industry get consolidated? 
Naushad Chaudhary: Yes. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, that would be very difficult to say  what the industry does. But given the fact 
that the it is a temporary stoppage, there will be certain changesand people will go 
back to business.  
Rajnish Sarna: 
And it is also progressing very positively in the court in last couple of hearings. And 
I think industry expects that this issue will get resolved in next, maybe, a month or 
so. 
Mayank Singhal: 
But you would expect that, as you would have all seen in the past, Biological is the 
key agenda of the Government of India to create balanced, equitable environment 
for agriculture, and also one of Prime Minister's  key agenda, and which also gave 
the Company the spirit to say we should invest in Biologicals. So, I am pretty sure 
this will be a top priority to resolve at every level. 
Naushad Chaudhary: And what is the percentage contribution currently from this piece of business? And 
is it completely zero for now, for the ongoing quarter? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, because if the sales are stopped, it stops, it will be zero. And approximately, we 
have 20% plus revenue coming from this segment. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 20% of the domestic revenue? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Sure. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Second, what is the status of our 2 MPPs which is in working progress? And by when 
this should be operational and the ramp-up expectation? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, one plant will start by the last quarter of this year, and the other one probably 
from first or second quarter of next year. 

: 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Naushad Chaudhary: And ramp-up plan? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Ramp-up is a 3-4 year process. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. And last, on the U.S. tariff, in your commentary you mentioned it is creating 
uncertainty plus an opportunity as well. So, on opportunity side, if you can elaborate, 
what did you mean by that? 
Mayank Singhal: 
I just said uncertainty, because opportunity would be if it settles. 
Naushad Chaudhary: All right. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Good afternoon, and thank you very much. So, if you look at your biological segment 
globally, where would the margins be once you scale up to a certain critical mass? 
Would it be somewhere close to the CSM margins, or slightly higher or lower? Can 
you give us some sense of that? And what is the kind of size you can expect, say, in 
3 to 4 years' time? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, let me put it this way. Biologicals do have a  better margin profile than  chemicals. 
And, let me also make it very clear, biological is a long journey. It means investments 
in developing the products to share the benefit with the farmer. So, it is a balancing 
equation. And, in four or five years, I believe they should be giving us better margins 
than the other businesses of the Company. Therefore, it's quite futuristic in our mind. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So, in terms of the new molecule you launched, PIOXANILIPROLE, is it 
possible to give us some sense in terms of the different crops? And what are the kind 
of target market size you can expect, say, for the next 3 to 4 years? And what is the 
supply chain plan in terms of raw material, intermediate procurement? How is that 
going? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, I think let's focus on the front end of the market, typically, where we say this is 
the pest segment which  has a pretty decent sized opportunity as the pest in multiple 
crops, specifically in the row crops is where the area of focus will be. And we are at 
different stages of development and evaluation at the given moment. 
Prashant Hegde: 
So, effectively all important row crops, as Mayank mentioned, sugarcane, rice, 
pulses, and a few vegetable crops also that include tomatoes. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. And is it possible to give us the cost of development? And is there any further 
development expenditure required for scaling this up? 
Mayank Singhal: 
That would not be possible. Thank you. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. One last thought on Jivagro vertical. If you see the last two years, actually, the 
revenues have declined. So, how much is the Jivagro revenue in this quarter and 
how do you expect that vertical to perform in your domestic portfolio this year and 
next year? 
 
 

: 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, Jivagro is contributing, again, roughly around anywhere between 17% to 20% in 
terms of our domestic revenue. And so we have completely changed our portfolio in 
Jivagro. Earlier it was mainly  generic products. Now we have more specialty 
products, which are suited for horticulture crops. And it is shaping as per our 
expectations. So, it's basically, we are treating this as a specialty division, and we 
continue to do so. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So, one last thought on the pharma segment. In terms of the overheads, which 
you have reported 839 million, and there is an inter-segment adjustment. So, in terms 
of the ramp-up of the business, where do you expect the overhead to settle on 
annualized run rate? And what is that inter-segment adjustment you have shown in 
the segment results in the BSE filing? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, broadly the pharma overhead, what you have seen is in line with the growth 
plans, what we have. On a run rate basis, yes, you can take this as a base. It has 
higher development spend currently at this point of time. But on a 12 to 18 month 
period, yes, we would look at a break-even EBITDA situation in this business. 
S. Ramesh: 
And what is the inter-segment adjustment which you have shown? Because the 
losses are higher if you look at the BSE filing compared to what you have shown in 
the presentation. So, what are the inter-segment adjustments in the segment 
results? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, that is only between the corporate expenses which get allocated between the 
two lines of business, which is agrochemicals and pharma. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So, the business loss, should we go by what is reported in the BSE filing? Is 
that the loss? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, that is right. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. I will join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, first question is in terms of our guidance. So, given 
that the 1st Quarter has been relatively muted, and if we were to get to maybe middle 
single-digit growth for FY26, we will have to grow by about 9%-10% for the rest of 
the year. What gives us confidence given that we have also just spelled out in terms 
of headwinds in domestic channel inventory plus the biological ratio? So, is it backed 
by certain firm orders on the CSM side? What is our thought process on this? Thank 
you. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, there is a guidance we have given. Obviously, it is backed up by supply 
schedules on the CSM side. Domestic business, we were looking for a more 
aggressive plan, but we would see the biological regulatory issue is resolved, we 
should be able to still somehow get there. If it doesn't, then yes, it could pull a few 
things down, to be fair. And the other segments that we have invested in, we are 
seeing as per plan running right now. So, I think we would still maintain the guidance. 
But as I've also mentioned in my speech earlier, there are headwinds and tailwinds 
and this whole dynamic world, whether it is tariffs or whether it is the agro-climatical 
situation. So, we still remain conservatively positive to maintain our guidance, if I was 
to put it very straight. 

: 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thank you. The second question on the PIOXANILIPROLE role. So, in terms of 
commercialization, what are the timelines that we are looking at, given that it's finding 
good results in phase III trials? And in terms of the marketing on a global scale, what 
are our thoughts currently? How are we going to go ahead with it? Thank you. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
So, as we said, our continued business model approach is partnering for innovation. 
As we started the business of bringing innovative products as a pioneer in India, we 
created the next business play of pioneering or bringing in contract manufacturing 
for patented products and commercializing at a global scale to support Discovery 
partners. Now we are getting into the phase of creating new NCEs, and we will be 
looking for partnering across the global space. We have advanced talks in certain 
cases, in certain geographies. We are looking to talk with certain distribution partners 
at a global level to see how we can take it to the rest of the world. Given the India 
context, obviously we will leverage our near home capabilities for being able to put 
innovation out into the market. So, that's really the approach we're taking at a higher 
level. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And in terms of commercialization timeline? 
 Mayank Singhal: 
 We have filed for a regulatory approval for now for India. We eventually look at a 
certain timeline with other geographies, with our partners. So, I think we would see 
this product come to life maybe in a two and a half year scenario. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes. So, in CSM, we are going to launch 8 to 10 molecules in this year, in FY26. And 
earlier, we have seen the momentum was 50% of this. So, how are we going to plan 
for CSM and how is the growth momentum in the coming FY27-28, considering the 
product launch is going to accelerate? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, as you know that the product launch is going to accelerate, that gives us a little 
confidence that the long-term story looks good. But the short-term, as you know, the 
start of the product is minuscule, but they scale up. And typically, in the ag world, the 
product continues to scale up for 10 to 15 years scenario. And on the other hand, 
other segments which you put here, which continue to contain these products, are in 
the specialty of high-end technology chemistry, using specialized applications like 
electronics and others, which are also showing some good green shoots, given the 
unique PI technological capability for high-control quality manufacturing, followed 
with chemistry and process controls. So, that's the other opportunity which is 
significantly unique to PI. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And what is the CAPEX and tax rate guidance for FY26? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
It will be around Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 800 crore in this financial year. And tax rate will 
be around 22% to 23%. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navid Virani from Bastion Research. 
Please go ahead. 
 

: 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Navid Virani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, first one was on the pharma business. So, we 
mentioned in our presentation that we are in the process of building strong 
relationships with biotech and big pharma players. So, this is a two-part question. 
Can you share some progress for us to understand better where are we on this 
journey? That's one. And secondly, is our strong experience and history in CSM 
helping us to forge relations faster in the pharma division? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Sorry, I didn't get the second part of the question. 
Navid Virani: 
The second part was, we already have a very strong name in Agri-CSM, right? Is 
that helping us build the pharma business slightly faster than that not being the case? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, obviously, that's an incredible leverage. But in terms of what is being done in 
terms of developing the business at a high level, Ramesh, maybe you can come in 
and explain. 
Dr. Ramesh S: 
Yes. So, I will take it up. Thanks, Mayank. So, firstly, I think we stated some time last 
year that our goal is to bring in 3 to 4 large pharma clients. We're well on our journey 
to get there. We have already on boarded two large pharma clients. And, the trends 
are that by the end of the year, we will have two more. So, I am hoping, to get to that 
3 to 4 large pharma clients, which will serve as a good base as we continue to grow. 
Because pharma is sort of immune towards, you know, any cash challenges that 
biotech may have to provide with stability. So, that's the goal. But the biotech industry 
is going through some challenges. But, we continue to grow our biotech portfolio. So, 
that's an answer to your first question.  
The second one, yes, it definitely helps. And not just in terms of credibility and name, 
but also at the end of the day, it's a contract manufacturing business. There are a lot 
of technologies. So, the way we look at things is that we focus on making the 
molecule. The molecule can impact plant health, or it can impact animal health, or it 
can impact human health. But the focus of PI as a whole is to make the molecule the 
most elegant, efficient, and cost effective manner. So, the technologies that you put 
in, the experience we have in the CSM business, both in terms of R&D and 
manufacturing, that translates to making the molecule the best way. It definitely helps 
us when it comes to the pharma business. 
Navid Virani: 
Perfect. Thank you for that very clear answer. Next up, I wanted to understand, so 
we have also mentioned that we have commercialized 15 molecules over the last 3 
years, right? And we are planning to scale that up as well in this year. So, can you 
help us understand, like the top 3-4 molecules, what is the kind of opportunity wise, 
we are seeing that can drive growth coming going forward? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, let me answer that. You see, obviously, we can’t get into specific molecules and 
say what is the opportunity size, you would appreciate these are closely held 
strategies of large companies, and we are bound by certain confidentiality obligations 
. But at a higher level, given the historical credibility of what we have been able to 
achieve, clearly, we see a couple of them  in the big ticket items, and I see that in 
the next   3 to 4 years, they will give us substantial balancing act. 
Navid Virani: 
Just one last question. So, I've been tracking PI for a good time now. And I've been 
listening to your commentary saying that we were wanting to diversify in categories 
like electronic chemicals. I think you also mentioned semiconductors sometime back. 
So, where are we on this diversification journey, if you can share some progress to 
help us understand better? 

: 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, I think if you missed earlier, but I think in my communication itself, we already 
stated electronic chemicals, we have done five to seven products in that area. And I 
do see a very good opportunity coming to scale and we see this to become a good 
segment in the next 4 to 5 years. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Maybe, Atul, you may want to also add something, Atul? 
Atul Gupta: 
Yes, so I think, that's a very promising segment on which we continue to work and 
there is a good traction. We have been able to connect with some of the global 
customers and are working actively on some 10 odd projects which will in coming 
period give us a good revenue as well. 
Navid Virani: 
Thank you for all the answers. Wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & 
Broacha Stock Broking Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question was regarding, we filed one product of our 
first discovery molecule in India. Can you throw some light on the revenue potential? 
What is the product like? How would the margins look like? Something on that front? 
Mayank Singhal: 
As we mentioned that it's in the Lepidopteran space, which is a pretty large segment 
for multiple crops, you can appreciate the size of the insecticide market for those 
crops is in a couple of thousand crore in India. So, that's the opportunity segment 
that we have. Now, obviously, as we get closer to the market, at that point, it'll be 
right time to estimate size and scale we can target to achieve. As you said, we're in 
the development phase, but it's a substantial, exciting, more than the size, its about 
the ability to put innovation out there and commercialise. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Right. and on the pharma utilization, if you can throw some light, what is the peak 
revenue that we can generate on a 2 to 3 year basis that will be really helpful? 
Mayank Singhal: 
We are looking at a growth rate. So, there's no asset utilization model here. This 
model is about CRDMO contract, development and research services along with the 
investment that we're doing. So, obviously, as we mentioned, we are looking to at 
least 2 to 3 times the revenue size in the next 3 to 4 years. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sure. That's it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saheel Shirsat from Delta 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Saheel Shirsat: 
Thank you so much for this opportunity. So, my question was on the agrochem 
molecules that we have launched in the last three years. How much is their 
contribution in our current revenue now and how do we see this mix going forward? 
Thank you. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Agrochem is launched in the last 2-3 years, what is the contribution of the total 
revenue? Is that your question? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. So, if you're talking about the freshness index, that's around 17% to 18% of 
AgChem export business and that's what has been growing substantially in the last 
few years. 
Saheel Shirsat: 
Thank you so much. 

: 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thanks for the follow up. So, if you look at the pharma business in terms of the 
revenue ramp up, now currently what is driving the revenue? Is it API sales or R&D 
projects and can you share when you talk about client additions? What are the 
milestones you expect in terms of in a line of sight for the business in terms of 
contracts or order book for intermediates? How do you really actually put that in 
perspective so that we can get something. 
Mayank Singhal: 
I will answer that in the first phase and then Ramesh will. We at the present moment 
are building a foundation. So, it's too early to have order books and scenarios. We're 
building credibility in the market. We're demonstrating our ability. And our strategic 
focus is to move to the CRDMO play. And I would say that we are pretty happy with 
the progress that we have made in that area. And the growth rate has primarily come 
from that area. And obviously, as you would very much understand, being in the 
CRDMO play, which you would understand well, there's a long drawn gestation. But 
as earlier Ramesh mentioned, the seeds have been sown. And it is building the right 
customer client base where a lot of efforts have been put by the team. And given the 
external dynamics and when the environment settles, we see this could turn up into 
a longer term as a 3 to 4 year scenario to drive the positivity. Ramesh, if you wish to 
add anything more at a higher level, please go ahead. 
Dr. Ramesh S: 
Thanks, Mayank. I think that covers it well. But on your first question, both products 
and the services business, which is essentially the CRDMO business, both of them 
grew nicely year-over-year. So, that's an answer to your question on CRDMO 
contributed to the growth numbers. What we're focusing on is to build a pipeline on 
the DMO side that involves late stage programs. And we are doing okay there. You 
know, it is a world that keeps changing, given some of the policies that we're still 
trying to get clarity on. But in general, there is interest in diversification. You know, 
the China Plus One strategy is still active. We also have a site in Europe, which is 
attractive to a lot of customers to begin a conversation. And again, as I mentioned, 
there are some unique technologies that have come through the CSM, flow being 
one example. So, we have been levering the brand, we have been levering the 
science that is the foundation for PI as a whole. We're levering the fact that we have 
EU presence. And of course, we have excellent capabilities, internally and people to 
sort of build the brand. So, yes, there is significant traction, we just have to make 
sure that we are doing our job despite the uncertainty that's created with all the 
policies. So, I think Mayank said it right, when everything settles down, we want to 
be there with the customers. 
S. Ramesh: 
So, you on the CSM business, this volume decline of 9% is because of deferral of 
orders, or is it because some of your contracts are maturing? And how do you see 
the business excluding new products, kind of go back to the normal double digit 
growth? Would it require new orders or repeat orders? How do you see that in terms 
of the progress in the business? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
So, this is driven by, supply schedules. In Q1, we have seen some sort of , inventory 
balancing by the customers. But we expect those supplies to renew in the second 
half. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. And I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

: 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Classification | PI Internal 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, thank you everyone for coming on to this call. We continue to appreciate your 
support and keep our fingers crossed for favorable monsoons and agroclimatic 
situations. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PI Industries, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
