 
   
  July 31, 2025  
   
  Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
  Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
In continuation to our earlier letter dated July 22, 2025, filed in terms of the provisions 
of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, regarding participation of the management of the Company in an 
Earnings Call, to discuss the Un-Audited financial results of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025, scheduled for Friday, July 25, 2025 at 05:45 PM (IST). 
In this regard, the transcript of the Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, the said 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
 
 
Diksha Singh 
Company Secretary 
Investor Email- investor@orientelectric.com  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: ORIENTELEC 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 541301 
 
DIKSHA 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
DIKSHA SINGH 
Date: 2025.07.31 
17:21:42 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
s
 
“Orient Electric Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVINDRA SINGH NEGI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ORIENT ELECTRIC 
LIMITED 
MR. ARVIND VATS – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
MR. SAMBHAV JAIN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVANI KUMAWAT – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman. Good day and welcome to Orient Electric Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
Thank you. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Bhavani Kumawat from Axis Capital Limited. 
Bhavani Kumawat: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I welcome you all to Orient Electric Q1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us management represented by Mr. Ravindra 
Singh Negi, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Arvind Vats, CFO; and Mr. 
Sambhav Jain, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
We thank Orient Electric management for giving us opportunity to host the call and would now 
like to hand over the floor to management for their opening remarks, post which we'll open the 
floor for Q&A. Thanks, and over to the management. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Pari, and thank you, Bhavani. Good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to all of 
you to Orient Electric's Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. We hope you had the opportunity 
to review our financial results and earnings presentation, which are available on the Stock 
Exchanges and our company website.  
                                                Q1 FY '26 unfolded in a highly dynamic environment. At the start of the quarter, the sentimental 
across the electrical and consumer durables sector remained cautiously optimistic, underpinned 
by expectations of a broad-based recovery, infrastructure-led momentum, channel expansion 
across Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets and a well-anticipated robust summer seasonal demand. 
 
However, the quarter presented notable headwinds for the industry. Contrary to the intense 
summer of 2024, India experienced relatively mild temperature levels. The phenomena started 
with the southern states and then continued across the rest of the country. 
 
Alongside this, the record-breaking rainfall in May, in a way, ended the summer before it even 
began. This unexpected climate shift disrupted the seasonal sales cycle and inventory planning 
across the industry. Additionally, a brief period of market softness was observed during 
heightened geopolitical tensions, temporarily affecting sentiment and market momentum. 
 
Despite these headwinds, Orient Electric demonstrated resilience and agility. We remain focused 
on agile execution, deepening market penetrations and aligning our portfolio with evolving 
consumer preferences. Orient Electric reported a year-on-year growth of 2%, reflecting a 
tempered performance amid a challenging operating environment. While sustaining its 
momentum on gross margin expansion, navigating category-specific headwinds. Our continued 
focus on premiumization, innovation and channel expansion enabled us to maintain momentum 
across key segments. And we see quarter 1 as a seasonal impact rather than a structural industry 
impact. Customer centricity embedded in our DNA guides our strategy at Orient from product 
development to marketing strategies. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
The company continued its focus on differentiation across the portfolio, increasing accessibility 
across channels, enhancing customer experience and building a robust digital strategy to guide 
consumers through their product research journey, increasing consideration for our brand. 
 
Premiumization enabled us to elevate customer value, announced brand perception and deeper 
consumer engagements across our categories. In the Lighting Segment, we continue to stay 
focused on to bring more value-added products and our distribution and NPDs continue to reflect 
that. Our value-added product share to the overall C-Lum business has remained consistent at 
55%, which is in line with the leading players in the industry. 
 
In the Fans Segment, we launched a premium range of BLDC fans under the tech meets design 
campaign. Our BLDC fan sales grew over 50% year-on-year, reflecting our commitment to 
energy-efficient innovations. 
 
Overall, our NPDs in the fan category now contribute more than 20% to primary sales, with our 
premium mix improving by almost 250 basis points year-on-year, accounting for about 30% to 
35% of our ceiling fan sales. Our retail experience programs, Mission Orange and Project 
Spotlight, played a pivotal role in boosting premium product awareness and adoption through 
an experiential retail push enabling touch and feel and live demos at retail outlets. 
 
Even in our heating appliances category, we've launched new premium square shaped storage 
water heaters with better features and warranties, which give uniform brand experience to the 
customers. We invested significantly in brand building this quarter, especially during high-
impact period like the IPL season. These campaigns reimagine fans in the context of modern 
homes, embracing cutting-edge technology with future-ready features, design and finishes. 
 
Through these campaigns, we have not just showcased our premium BLDC fans differently, but 
presenting an exciting narrative that captures the evolving preference of new age customers. 
While these investments have led to some increase in advertising costs, they have laid a strong 
foundation for a long-term margin expansion and brand equity. We will continue to spend close 
to 4% to 5% of our revenue to building preferences in our core categories of lighting and fans. 
 
Our strategic investments in building emerging categories also continue to demonstrate progress. 
While there were delays in execution of key infrastructure projects, the lighting B2B business 
executed several key Street Lighting and Façade projects, such as Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj 
Museum in Maharashtra and Sarnath Temple in UP. We continue to witness a healthy pipeline 
of new inquiries, making us confident to sustain our growth trajectory in this segment. 
 
The Consumer Lighting business witnessed an industry-leading volume growth aided by new 
product developments and expansion of distributor partnerships, resulting in market share gains. 
We also took a price increase during the quarter to pass on the impact of regulatory changes, 
which increased our cost. Our thirst on mix enhancement continued to yield results with an 
improved share of value-add products. Switchgears and Wires category registered accelerated 
performance with high double-digit growth in the quarter. 
 
Our expansion of distribution network and building the electrician program -- loyalty program 
continues. Our channel strategy on DTM continues to deliver better results. We added 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
approximately 1,800 new retailers under the DTM network this quarter. Our e-commerce 
channel continued to see robust traction across categories. We are now participating in quick 
commerce platforms, building on customer convenience, which validates our digital-first 
approach. 
 
These trends highlight the importance of channel agility and targeted portfolio interventions to 
navigate seasonal and category-specific challenges. Overall, the financial performance in the 
first quarter of FY '26 reflects both resilience and ongoing execution of our strategic priorities. 
We closed quarter 1 with a revenue of INR769 crores, marking a 2% year-on-year growth. While 
revenue was below our initial expectations due to weather-related impact, we continue to deliver 
better versus the broader industry. 
 
Our Lighting & Switchgear delivered approximately 7% growth. B2C Lighting continued to 
outperform the industry with an overall single-digit growth in value and double-digit growth in 
volumes. Switchgear and Wires had a high double-digit growth with lower base. The ECD 
segment remained stable with revenue at INR545 crores despite fan sales getting impacted. Fans 
reported a muted single-digit growth and appliances were impacted by more than 40% degrowth 
in coolers. 
 
Water Heaters witnessed double-digit growth. Our gross margins remained stable at 32.6%, and 
we are in the 32% to 34% range, reflecting the benefits of channel optimization and a refined 
product mix. EBITDA stood at INR46 crores, a 15% year-on-year increase and the margins - 
EBITDA margins expanded by 68 basis points to 6%. We remain committed to creating a 
stronger and relevant brand, and we will continue to spend in the range of 4% to 5% of our 
revenues to build a well-balanced portfolio. 
 
As seasonal headwinds begin to ease and our structural growth levers continue to gain traction, 
we remain confident in our journey towards achieving double-digit EBITDA margins. Project 
Sanchay, our transformation initiative remained a key pillar of our cost efficiency strategy. In 
quarter 1, the program delivered a saving of INR9 crores, underscoring our focus on disciplined 
execution and cross-functional synergy. 
 
Our Working Capital days stood at 25 days and a Net Cash position of INR72 crores as of quarter 
1 end. Looking ahead, we remain confident about the strategic levers we have put in place with 
the festive season buildup likely to happen across channels in quarter 2 and likely improved 
consumer sentiment and spending, we are optimistic that festive period will give tailwinds to 
our category. 
 
With this, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Natasha Jain from PhillipCapital. 
Natasha Jain: 
And it's heartening to see the positive efforts playing out in your numbers, sir, especially in 
limiting the downside better than peers on this one. I have two questions. First, while your 
EBITDA margin has risen, both your segment EBIT margins have fallen. So can we attribute 
this cost entirely to unallocated expense and would that largely be the consultant cost, which 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
was there in the last quarter's base but absent? And therefore, going forward, can we assume this 
as the run-rate? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Natasha. And yes, I'll look at the EBITDA. And if I look at 6%, firstly, if you look 
at the year-over-year that's 68 basis point improvement, while the segmental results will have 
some impact because of overall muted sales, especially in the ECD category. And larger than 
the usual inventories did we carry. 
 
Overall, if you look at it from the EBITDA margin perspective, yes, there'll always be some hits 
and some gains, while there was some benefit of consulting that could happen, but there were 
larger spends on marketing that we've done. And I've always given, the last time also I gave the 
guidance of saying that in the next 7 to 8 quarters, our efforts are to attempt and get to double-
digit EBITDA margins. 
 
Our quarter 1 and quarter 2, which is the H1 sees a little lower than what we see in the H2 
margins. And if you look at our overall costs and other things. In fact, all the efforts have been 
put to bring the cost under control, it's a factor of now getting the top line in, and we are well 
into on our journey towards improved margins. 
Natasha Jain: 
And my second question is on your lighting segment. Now while year-on-year comparison won't 
make sense. But on a Q-o-Q basis, your EBITDA margin has improved very sharply. Given 1Q 
is seasonally a weak quarter, and especially one of your peers who have also -- who is also in 
the premium lighting reported margin decline on account of price deflation. And given that you 
also are exposed to COB and DOB, but your margins have been way better. So can you tell us 
how this margin improvement happened? And is it sustainable going forward? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Natasha, I think the hows are slightly strategic in nature. But broadly speaking, our complete 
effort on getting the premium or value add mix better or improved in our categories is what is 
helping us improve our margins. Secondly, as I said, we were slightly ahead of the curve from 
some of the other players in terms of passing on the price increase in the market, which happened 
due to the regulatory changes of RoHS compliance and other things. That helped us cushion any 
impact on the cost and other things. So I would attribute into that. Broadly, we've been in the 
same range of 29% to 31%, 32% on our margins in the lighting. And I don't see anything 
structurally changing in the next few quarters, at least from our side. If there is structural changes 
in industry that happens and if it impacts, that's something. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirransh Jain from BNP Paribas. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sir, my first question is regarding channel inventory for fans, particularly. Is it fair to understand 
that the channel inventory for us and for the industry, specifically for a fan category won't be 
high, considering that last quarter, also being kind of well-penetrated category, we didn't see 
much of a channel restocking, category like air coolers when we saw a lot of restocking that 
happened. So now what is the channel inventory position? And is that for fan, we don't see a 
large energy build up in the channel, for us as well as for the industry? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Nirransh, thanks for the question. And I think when I look at it and when you want to look at the 
overall national perspective, I think it's going to be very difficult to say. There will be pockets 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
where different products have played differently. There are pockets where rains have come in 
early, summers have been far weaker and the product categories that get sold. Let me give you 
an example of South. South is largely a TPW market, rains were higher there and much earlier 
than the usual level. There will be some bit of channel corrections that would have happened in 
the TPW category in South. There will be some channel corrections that happened in the north 
and east in the ceiling fan category. 
 
Overall, I think channel has corrected its inventory. More importantly, it's not just the fans. There 
is this whole commonality of channel between fans and coolers. Also cooler is an inventory, 
which it's still there in the trade. And I think that is a little bit of impact on the channel 
inventories. But otherwise, yes, in the fans across the country in different regions, depending on 
the category being pushed, there is a little bit of channel inventory that could have got corrected 
in Q1. 
Nirransh Jain: 
And sir, my second question is on the -- from the ECD segment again. So did I get that correctly 
that you took price hikes in the ECD also? Was it purely on the Lighting Segment? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
We did take a price increase in fans in April. And that was also a large bit of commodity 
fluctuations that was happening. But given the fact that there were a huge amount of demand 
supply gap, I think a lot of corrections or discounting of competitive pressures that kind of got 
diluted within the quarter only. 
Nirransh Jain: 
In continuation to the previous question, at times even, I was just wondering what explains this 
sharp 230 bps kind of a drop in the ECD margin? Because our BLDC fan sales and our premiums 
have improved to and we have taken price hike also. So -- and then there is the whole like new 
factory expenses also involved in this quarter, then what explains this 230 bps drop? I think the 
answer is the same discounting that would have happened -- or is there anything else? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
No, the other is also if you look at it from a marketing spends, it's up by almost 60, 70 basis 
points versus last year. We had invested, and I said, typically 4% to 5% is what we will do in 
marketing. This quarter was worth about 5.5%, and we invested anticipating a very strong 
summer. We were committed to IPL spend, which I think in the long run has done the right thing 
to the brand equity. And it was a good platform to launch a new BLDC range and the campaign, 
which was far more youthful and a very different campaign this season. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sure, sir. That's very helpful. But can I ask one more question at the time now? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Nirransh, maybe you can come back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Can you give me the exact volume growth in B2B and B2C side of lighting? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thanks for the question. Typically, we don't give exact volumes and B2B largely is not a volume 
game. It's a project game. B2C is where the volumes matter. We've done double-digit growth in 
the volume side as far as this is concerned to your question... 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Broadly, you have given EBITDA margin guidance, double digit for over 7, 8 quarters, but 
possibly what sort of margin you're looking for this year? And what sort of top line growth you're 
looking? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Keshav, we don't give any forward-looking guidance. But just to give a broad thing, we -- 
whatever strategies that we've put, we should be better than the industry much ahead of the 
curve. And that the growth is also reflecting in some of our market share gains in fans and 
lighting, which we track through a third party. But we don't give a forward guidance like that. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
One last question from my side. As we understand and you said fan channel inventory has 
reduced, but possibly still it's elevated. That is a fair understanding and when you expected to 
get normalized? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
As I said, these are all different nuances of regions. To my this thing, I think it should be at a 
normalized level. And I think quarter 2 is a test of that. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. So because of channel inventory, at least the volume won't be impacted in Q2 for fans at 
least for OEM in that sector, right? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Keshav, we'll have to see that and come back. We are very optimistic given the fact that there is 
a festive buildup that will happen in Q2. Given the fact that Diwali this time is slightly earlier 
than the usual. So we are optimistic on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management. 
Aditya: 
Sir, so we have insourced the production of PCB, we have backward integrated to producing 
BLDC motor and with a strong design and customer knowledge, so how as a timelines between 
conceptualization to commercializing a new products reduced over the years? And can we expect 
the pace of new product innovation increasing going forward as well? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thanks for this question. And I think what we've done is there are two parts when we look at 
PCB and we got PCB in-house. A, was own the design and get a better quality and that we're 
seeing from our launches that we've done. The second is from a perspective of timelines and all 
at least on the BLDC side, we're seeing about 10%, 15% reduction in our NPD timelines. We 
intend to squeeze it further. And as we speak, there are work happening on saying how do we 
bring it? How do we reduce it? But the largest thing is that we spend a lot of time looking at 
what are the consumer issues that we can solve for, and that's what we are obsessed about. But 
we are working at overall time lines. I hope that answers your question Aditya. 
Aditya: 
And sir, if you look at our annual report, so we have talked about improving our service 
timelines. So if you can just help us understand qualitatively what are we doing to improve our 
servicing capabilities? And how are we placed against competition in this regard? So have we 
reached their levels or there is still some catching up to do? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So there are two things. A couple of things that we've done. The first thing is that across the 
markets, we've got almost about 12 states and larger areas, which are directly serviced by us 
now. There are 19,000 out of the possible 19,700 - 800 PIN codes that we've serviced last year. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
We've used a lot of digital platforms, and we're kind of digitizing using AI bots on our consumer 
touch points. We measure the 24-hour TAT and we measure the 48-hour TAT. In some of the 
cities in -- at the peak season and category specific, we also look at 8-hours TAT. So those are 
things that we've done. I can't share the TAT numbers and other things. But our PAT or 
turnaround times within those specified has improved dramatically. We've put a lot of efforts to 
get our digitization and bots put at the customer touch points. 
 
We've also has management started a program called Samvad where we listen to consumer voice 
and that's the core of what we are wanting to build. It's a very consumer-centric. We want to 
understand where the voice of the consumer and that's the large effort that we're doing. But 
overall, from a service point of view, we've seen sharp improvements.  
We're getting that feedback also from the consumers. And we are -- as we go it's a continuous 
journey that we do. And we've put our service partner network is almost 1000-plus service 
partners, which makes sure that these INR19,000 PIN codes are adequately serviced and 
repaired. 
Aditya: 
But sir, how do we fare against competition in this regard? So is there still some work to do or 
we are on par with them? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Aditya, so it will be unfair for me to comment on it. When I talk about market shares and other 
things, we don't put it from our perspective, we looked at third-party data. Unfortunately, in the 
service, there is no third-party data, which benchmarks or at least we don't subscribe to these 
reports, which benchmark. My feel is that from a consumer and we look at from a consumer 
perspective, my customer seem to be acknowledging the improvement in our service and that's 
what we track it. 
Aditya: 
Got it. And sir just two bookkeeping questions. If you could give me the lighting business, what 
is the B2B and B2C mix? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Aditya, given the fact that we are restricting two questions, you can come back to the queue and 
I'll take more questions from you later. 
Aditya: 
Sure, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal: 
Sir, first I wanted to understand on the ECD business, I think if you look at the EBIT margins 
for Q1, '25 in this quarter. Could we attribute the reason for a dip in EBIT margin? If you could 
just qualitatively explain the reason for the same? 
Ravindra Negi: 
I think I answered this question. I think Keshav spoke, Nirransh somebody had asked. There are 
a couple of things. Obviously, there was this inventories, which have gone in. There was some 
marketing expenses, which have been much higher than the usual. There's almost a 70 basis 
point extra that we've spent.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
The top line has not happened the way we were supposed to happen. So there are a lot of factors, 
which are there. But by and large as I said, it's largely an external impact, not a structural impact 
which is going to bring the margins down. Obviously, the other factor was also competitive 
pricing pressures, while we did take a price increase in April, but the benefits of that get kind of 
marginalized due to pricing pressures.  
So there were multiple factors, if I were to give you holistic view, these were the factors, which 
would have impacted. Is there anything structurally impacting? No. We continue to focus on 
premiumization. Our NPDs now contribute more than 20% of our business. And structurally we 
are in the right direction. So it's a blip in the margins is what I feel.  
And, obviously, one more thing is on the ECD margins, coolers minus 40% and above. That's 
onetime impact that the industry will go through. 
Sonal: 
So given demand it hopefully recovers, these margins should restore to higher levels as there's 
nothing structural essentially? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Yes, we anticipate that. 
Sonal: 
Sir, my second question is with regard to BLDC. And as an end user as well as I think as a 
shareholder, I think what we've understood is that Orient is actually working very hard to have 
a good list of products at the entry level as well as the premium level compared to the 
competition. So not taking names.  
But where are we in terms of our like-to-like products, vis-a-vis other two, three leading players 
in the BLDC fans? Are we there in terms of product pricing specifications or there is some work 
to be done there? Just wanted to understand that? 
Ravindra Negi: 
So there are two kinds of -- one data point that I'll put across is saying we've grown by 50% 
year-on-year on BLDC, which means there is traction which is coming in. We've launched 
almost 80% of my new launches are on BLDC. I don't know whether you're an end user or not, 
but I would encourage you to look at some of our new launches. 
Sonal: 
I did and I observed the market last quarter. That's why I was asking this yes, that's all. 
Ravindra Negi: 
So and I'm sure you will appreciate the new designs and the Minimalist Aeroslim that we've 
launched. We've catered to all the pricing segments and consumer needs in the BLDC. On top 
of our designs and aesthetics, we've also said, look, fans are an integral part of your design 
requirement or our lifestyle requirement. We've launched almost 40 colors and some of them are 
very nice, well-researched colors where we've gone to the architects, designers, consumers and 
picked it up from there.  
So we continue to do well in this segment and it's a continuous journey and you'll see more of it 
coming from our side. 
Sonal: 
Got it. All right. Thank you, sir. I will fall back in the queue. Thank you  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers in challenging times. So my first question is lighting. 
So in your presentation as Orient has been doing relatively better versus on the peers in terms of 
lighting growth. So just wanted to understand and you also mentioned about distribution 
expansion in lighting.  
So just wanted to understand what -- where is Orient today relative to the universe of lighting 
distribution and how much of it is. What I'm trying to understand is that keeping market share 
gain opportunity and this outperformance, how much -- how many years can it last for and how 
many quarters do you think that there is in terms of market share gains in the lighting segment? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Dhruv, thanks for your question. And let me just step back and tell you in lighting, the gains are 
it's a combination of things that you do. The first and foremost is how are you understanding and 
solving consumer needs. Second is what are the kind of products, what segments do you use? 
The third is a combination of technology and NPDs that you bring in. And the fourth, which 
supports all of this is accessibility and which is where the distribution is happening. 
 
And I think if I were to go by a third-party data, we are improving on a numeric distribution. We 
are improving on a weighted distribution. But I think if I were to compare with leaders, I think 
we still have a distance to go. Some of the markets in some of the states where we've done well 
and caught up on our numeric and weighted distribution, there are some regions in the country 
where we still have a work to do. 
 
And I think that's a task that we've already defined well for ourselves and we'll continue to 
expand on numeric and weighted both. But it's a combination of what all that we do and what 
we bring on to in a holistic manner that will give us the market share gains. While the industry 
is reeling under that price erosion, we believe that what we have as an approach should help us 
gain and continue to gain market shares and values there. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sure. And when do you think that this price erosion will continue? It's been in the industry for 
quite some time, but are you seeing signs of this bottoming anytime soon? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Dhruv, as I said, we took a price increase in May. That has helped us in navigating some of the 
pricing pressures. How long will it last? As an industry, we were -- I was hoping that it should 
taper down. I think the rate of price erosion will now slow down and we should see some of the 
slowdowns to come in. The good part for us is that we are getting volumes and look at this, if 
you gain volume then you get market share, when the price erosion slows down, that whole 
volume to value ratios will improve and that should give us further gains, at least on the value 
terms. So we are optimistic about that. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, my second question is on Hyderabad plant. So, obviously, we've made a very large 
investment there. So just want to understand from a 3-year perspective, how much will it add to 
your in-sourcing level? So if you can just give us the data point in terms of where you are in 
terms of fans insourcing and after the Hyderabad plant is fully scaled up, where Orient's overall 
fans insourcing will be and through how much of it can add to margins as well? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ravindra Negi: 
Dhruv, between in-house and outsourced, we don't yet disclose the data point. But as I said in 
the last call also, we've scaled up well. There is this whole ecosystem of our strategic suppliers 
who moved with us to Hyderabad. Till last quarter when we were building up inventories for the 
season, almost 50% of what TPW was coming from Hyderabad.  
We've had a little bit of and industry has had a little bit of slowdown, but that's a one blip. But 
in the next 3 years, we put enough capacities to take care of our next 3 years' requirement to 
outpace the industry. So at our peak capacity, we do see cost benefits to come in and that will 
all start reflecting in our margins.  
But the question is for the industry to start coming back to the growth -- volume growth, which 
got impacted in a season like this. But we are optimistic that season would start building up now. 
And then there is the ratcheting -- ceiling fan ratcheting, which will happen on 1st of Jan. So 
that should start seeing some volume growth for the industry. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arshia Khosla from Nirmal Bang Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Sir, my question is like in the previous quarter, we had mentioned that we've listed ourselves in 
the quick commerce platforms. So just wanted to understand what all products are in the quick 
commerce platforms and how -- I mean, are these retail substantial for us? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Arshia, thanks. Yes, we did -- our products are available on quick commerce, both Blinkit, Zepto 
and we would also look at other platforms, which are coming in. Largely all products and SKUs, 
which are very intuitive convenience that the consumer would look at it, whether it's a fan in the 
summer that they want, we add coolers there.  
We've got geyser there. We've got irons there. We've got lighting products there. We've got 
wiring accessories there. So as we scale up and as said, we are solving for consumers and 
consumer convenience. This platform is meant for consumer discovery and convenience. We 
are participating well there. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Understood, sir. But has it started adding on to our sales as of now? 
Ravindra Negi: 
Yes, it has, but is it very significant in terms of -- if your question is that if it's quite like FMCG 
and especially the staples, it may not be that for the industry as of now. But we do see this as a 
platform where consumers will look at some of the categories or some of the products where 
convenience in here and now is required. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment Advisors. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
So my first question, given our GTM success in South and upcoming rollout in a few more 
zones, what has been the observed retailer churn rate from competitors, let's says Crompton, or 
Usha or some other players? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Shiv, thanks for the question. And what you don't look at is the churn because most of the 
retailers are multi-brand outlets. What you look at is the counter share. And we are seeing up -- 
and when I say when I get a better market share, my counter shares go up.  
So we see 3 parameters when we look at our success and which are lead indicators for our output 
of market share; MD, WD and counter share. And all 3, when we do this, we look at these lead 
indicators. When these lead indicators needle starts to move up, we know that the market share 
will go up. So it's not the churn that happens, you get a slightly better counter shares. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
And sir, given this strategy live in multiple states. So how are we measuring our cost to serve or 
say, order fill rate compared to the legacy model? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So our logistics, when we go direct to a particular market, we put up our logistics support there. 
And we've got our own logistics performance and fill rate measurements that we track it. In all 
our markets, whether it's MD market or a DTM market, our endeavor is to make sure that 
whether it's the end consumer or the retail, those are serviced well and all our markets, including 
our MD markets, that's something that they work on. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
And sir, is there any categories that we are considering to exit due to poor scalability or margin 
dilution? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Not as of now, Shiv. If we ever do, we will let you know. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Rane from Elara Securities. 
Prathamesh Rane: 
Congratulations for the good quarter despite the challenge. My only question was that did you 
witness volume degrowth of 40% in coolers or as an industry perspective, you are talking about? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Prathamesh, thanks. As I said, we've looked at when I say 40% and more, that's the value volume 
degrowth for us. From an industry perspective, also while I don't have in the semi third-party 
indications, data says that industry would also be in that range. Because unlike anything, else 
this product has a very short consumer off-take window, practically speaking 6 to 8 weeks, and 
that 6 to 8 week unfortunately got impacted with earlier than usual range across the country. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhat Koor from Dolat Capital. 
Nikhat Koor: 
Sir, my question is regarding our solar products. So solar products is gaining a lot of traction. 
So are we looking to enter any solar product category? And my second question is regarding the 
BEE transition. Now that the fans industry will see a BEE transition from 1st Jan. So are we 
expecting any kind of disruption or any kind of price increases ahead of the BEE energy change? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Nikhat, thanks. As we speak, we have some of the solar products in our lighting both from a 
B2C perspective and from a B2B perspective, we have solar products there. Getting into more 
solar products, which are from an end consumer perspective, we keep evaluating that. If the 
question is that are we going to get into solar category? Maybe not as of now.  

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Your second question was on the ratcheting or the BEE star rating ratcheting, which will happen 
on 1st of January. We've got 5 months, and we are preparing our complete action plan to make 
sure that there is no disruption or a least disruption that happens.  
Yes, when the ratcheting happens, which is basically a 2-star will become 1-star and a 1-star will 
become 0, there will be some price increase or a cost increase that will happen. It will get passed 
on to the consumers.  
So there is still 4, 5 months as an industry, hopefully, because when the first time the star rating 
happened, we went through a learning. I think those learnings will come handy. As we speak, 
we are preparing for the ratcheting. And that -- just to clarify, that's only in the ceiling fan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Kamtekar from Prospero Tree.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Sir, you mentioned that there is a flat demand in fans due to unseasonal rain. But at the same 
time, the new -- the number of new houses built is going up. So why our sales growth is low? 
And was it because of more competition? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Niraj, you have to understand. So there is different segments. There is a new house segment, 
which is a certain percentage of the industry sales that happens. Then there is replacement, which 
is renovation-led replacement. That's another percentage of the overall sales. And then there is 
a large upgrade stroke, genuine requirements happening, that's another segment. So some 
segments will continue to grow. It could be triggered by the housing segment and all. And in the 
housing segment, you also have to see how many houses have got occupied because fans get 
used when the occupancy levels in the housing sector goes up. So that's one factor. But 
otherwise, overall, some segments or some needs of the consumer will pull it up. There were 
some seasonal needs, which brought it down. So there are multiple factors, which impacted the 
industry. 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Now what steps we have taken to bring down the inventory? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
First and the foremost step that we took was to make sure that we don't add to it. We didn't 
produce once we were very clear that the season is not looking like the way it was supposed and 
anticipated. We did carry anticipating a good season. As we peak, there is inventory planning 
and production planning, which will make sure that in Q2, we normalize our inventory level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirransh Jain from BNP Paribas. 
Nirransh Jain: 
My question was more from a long-term perspective, again specifically on the ad spend, you 
said that we will continue to deliver that, let's say, 4% to 5% of sales. So my question has been 
that we have seen the ad spend growing higher than the top line growth over the years. 
 
And I think the idea has been that over the year that should ideally be drop down as a percentage 
of sales as we start -- as our brand gets more recognized and more customer acceptance. So how 
do we look at it in terms of keeping the ad spends at a higher level to drive our sales? So In that 
case, are we able to cater to get to the double digit trade margin and keep on getting pushed 
further? Just wanted to get your thoughts on this? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Nirransh thanks for this question. And I think while we look at double-digits, it's an output. You 
have to look at what are the inputs that we are wanting to trigger. And one of the inputs that 
we've been wanting to trigger is saying, how do we have a balanced portfolio. How do we get 
some of our other categories to do much better than what they're doing. And in that direction, 
lighting was one of the identified one, and we are seeing the traction happening there. 
 
We're wanting to build a brand, which is a larger consumer-centric brand and not just fans only. 
And then that's where the marketing spends will go to build core categories of lighting, fans and 
into some of the new categories that we're pushing our efforts on. And once that happens, as a 
percentage, it will come down both in the B2B and B2C side, we will remain far more connected 
as a brand in the minds of the consumer. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sir, secondly, I wanted to also check is, did you see any slowdown in the B2B lighting 
specifically in this quarter? I was just wondering that we have seen double-digit growth in 
Switchgear, Wires and then B2C also probably like a low single-digit growth. So in that case, 
we are seeing some moderation on a quarter-on-quarter basis on lighting, especially in the 
government capex also was on a higher side. So what explains a slight quarter-on-quarter 
decline? And are we seeing any slowdown in the B2B products? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
There was some slowdown in some of the government infrastructure projects, but we see it as 
temporary. And I think as I said, there was this temporary sentiment that went down or there 
was a little bit of hold during May when there were geopolitical tensions. But we do expect these 
to come back now. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sure, sir. That's very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you Nirransh. Pari, we'll take one more question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment Advisor. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
So I have a couple of questions. Are you exploring any export opportunities for our new product 
categories, wires, and cables or BLDC fans? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Shiv, yes, at least on the fan side, different categories, including markets where energy efficient 
fans are there. As we speak, we do keep exporting markets and we continue to do that. For wires, 
we are wanting to first build up domestic capabilities and then we look at product. Switchgear, 
obviously, we do export some bit and we continue to make our efforts to make sure that some 
of our switchgears get more traction on the export side. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
And sir, how do we see Orient's position evolving in the next 3 to 5 years? Is it as a multi-
category volume player or as a high-margin premium brand player? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
We've been very consistent in our narrative around the organization saying we are wanting to be 
a consumer-centric brand, which looks at solving consumer problems and premiumization is a 
strategy that we're building. We'll have a well-balanced portfolio. And the premiumization 
effort, which is yielding some results is giving us the confidence of moving towards a double-
digit margin. Are we going to be a value-for-money volume brand? Definitely no. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
And sir, given the emerging categories, say wires or Switchgear at a nascent stage, how do we 
prioritize our capex and the marketing spend across these verticals? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So right now, as I said, our marketing monies are now building two core categories, 
strengthening our fans category and all the efforts that we're doing on the premiumization on the 
fan side and then building lighting. While we do this, this has a one Orient as a mother brand 
impact, which will have a trickle-down impact on the emerging categories. So emerging 
categories will have a differentiated spends to be done maybe at the retail visibility. And due 
course, when we start seeing volumes there, we will then take it at a larger level. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over the conference to 
management for closing comments. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So thank you, everyone. Thank you for your questions. It keeps us on our toes, and thank you 
for the encouragement. We look forward for some revivals to happen, and we are very optimistic 
given the fact that there is festive rebound that we hope to see. Thank you so much, Pari and 
Bhavani for conducting this call. Have a good evening. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and now you may disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
Contact Information:  
investor@orientelectric.com 
 
Corporate Office:  
Orient Electric 
240, Okhla Industrial Estate Phase 3 Rd,  
Okhla Phase III, Okhla Industrial Estate,  
New Delhi, Delhi 110 020 
 
