        
 
 
 
 
Date: 12.08.2025 
 
To, 
The General Manager,                               
Listing Operations 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,    
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Stock Code: 532891 
The Manager,                                                
Listing Department,                                                       
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Stock Code: PURVA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
We write to inform you that the transcript of the earnings call held on Friday, August 08, 2025, on the 
Unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, is 
enclosed herein. 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Puravankara Limited 
 
 
 
(Sudip Chatterjee) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F11373 
SUDIP 
CHATTER
JEE
Digitally signed 
by SUDIP 
CHATTERJEE 
Date: 2025.08.12 
10:25:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Puravankara Limited Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH PURAVANKARA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MR. MALLANNA SASALU – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER - SOUTH, PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT RASTOGI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
WEST AND COMMERCIAL ASSETS, PURAVANKARA 
LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK RASTOGI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MR. NIRAJ GAUTAM -- DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, PURAVANKARA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSH PATHAK – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator:   
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Puravankara Limited Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you. And over to you, Mr. Pathak. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Yes. Thanks, Manav. Good evening. First of all, apologies for the delayed start of this con-call. 
We shall now begin. So, on the behalf of Emkay Global, I would like to welcome the 
Management and thank them for this opportunity.  
We have with us today Mr. Ashish Puravankara – Managing Director, Mr. Mallanna Sasalu – 
Chief Executive Officer (South), Mr. Rajat Rastogi – Chief Executive Officer (West and 
Commercial Assets), Mr. Deepak Rastogi – Group Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Neeraj 
Gautam – Deputy Chief Financial Officer.  
I shall now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you 
gentlemen.  
Deepak Rastogi:   
Good evening, everyone. I am Deepak Rastogi and I thank you for joining Puravankara’s 
Earnings Conference Call to discuss the performance for the 1st Quarter of this financial year. 
The Result and Investor Presentation are available on the Stock Exchanges, and we hope you 
have had a chance to review them. I would also like to thank our host for today’ s earnings call, 
Emkay Global Financial Services.  
Now, let me start with some brief highlights about the sector performance followed by our 
financial and operational performance for the quarter. 
As you know, India’s economy continues to demonstrate strong Resilience despite persistent 
global uncertainties, geopolitical tensions, supply chain disruptions and evolving tariff policies 
in key markets such as US. Amid these external challenges, India’s macroeconomic 
fundamentals continue to remain robust. The RBI has maintained its GDP growth forecast at 
6.5% for this year, financial year 2026, reaffirming India’s position as the fastest growing 
economy in the world.  
In the first half of 2025, India’s Residential real estate sector benefited from supportive 
macroeconomic policies, especially from RBI rate cut of 100 basis points, which brought down 
the repo rate to 5.5%. This measure was aimed at stimulating credit growth and investment at 
the backdrop of global uncertainty. As a result, the inflation also pulled significantly with 
consumer price inflation easing to obviously the lowest in the last six years.  

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
The Residential market remained steady during the period under review, with sales volume for 
the quarter stood at approximately 82,000 units across the top eight major cities. Chennai and 
Hyderabad led in terms of growth, recording impressive year-on-year increases of 16% and 6% 
respectively. Mumbai maintained consistent demand and remained the largest market by 
volumes during this quarter. India’s Residential real estate market witnessed 9% quarter-on-
quarter growth in new unit launches as sales remained largely stable during the Q2 of calendar 
year 2025.  
The mid-end and high-end housing segments continued capturing the attention of Mumbai’s 
constituting about 58% of the total sales across the top seven cities during the quarter. The office 
sector continued its strong momentum during Q2 of this calendar year with steady absorption 
observed across key markets. Office leasing during the quarter reached 20.3 million square feet 
while new office supply of approximately 17 million square feet became operational. Space was 
taken up by domestic corporates and GCC played a pivotal role in boosting the office absorption. 
Now, moving on to the Company’s financial and operational highlights for this quarter: 
We achieved a pre-sales value of Rs. 1,124 crores reflecting a 6% year-on-year growth. The 
sales value of West region increased by 58% Y-o-Y primarily due to the new launch of Purva 
Panorama in Thane, Mumbai. Sales volume for the quarter stood at 1.25 million square feet. The 
customer collections for the quarter stood at Rs. 857 crores. The average realisation also 
improved by 9% Y-o-Y to 8,988 per square feet, underscoring sustained demand and strong 
pricing traction across our portfolio. 
In terms of geographical sales contribution: 
Q1 of this year, financial year 50% was contributed by Bengaluru followed by Mumbai and Pune 
were at 24%; Chennai at 15%; and Kochi at 8%, respectively. Increase of sales from Mumbai 
and Pune from 15% to 24% during this quarter, indicating growing presence in Western region. 
Our launch pipeline for the year remains robust with approximately 12.32 million square feet of 
planned development, which includes 9.22 million square feet new project launches and 3.1 
million square feet of new phase launches. Notably, non-Bengaluru projects now account for 
more than 50% of ongoing and planned projects. Reflecting our strategic geographic 
diversification, Mumbai and Pune together represents 21% of the planned pipeline, underscoring 
our strong focus and expanding presence in West India. 
On the commercial front: 
We are on track to complete 2 million square feet during Q1 of 2026. In 2026, we have signed 
LOI with IKEA for 80,000 square feet of carpet area at Rs. 150 per square feet on carpet area 
for Purva Zentech. The building will be ready by January 2026 with handover expected one 
months – two months later post their custom modifications. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
With regulatory changes such as e-Khata have impacted handovers and revenue recognition 
timelines. We remain on track for planned delivery of more than 4500 plus units during this 
financial year. Out of the planned handovers, 3000 plus units, 3015 units, approximately 3.65 
million square feet have been completed and the OC has been received already. These are 
currently awaiting e-Khata issuance for handover possession. During the quarter, we handed 
over 667 units covering 0.68 million square feet, generating revenue of Rs. 539 crores.  
On the business development front: 
We have been selected as the preferred developer for the redevelopment of 8 housing societies 
in Chembur, Mumbai with an estimated GDV of Rs. 2,100 crores with developer area of 1.2 
million square feet. This forms part of our broader redevelopment portfolio in the city with four 
key redevelopment projects collectively with a developer area of 3.63 million square feet, which 
is expected to generate a GDV of approximately Rs. 7,700 crores, further reinforcing our 
strategic presence and growth momentum in the Mumbai market.  
Further strengthening our presence in key micro markets, we have entered into a JDA for 5.5 
acres land parcel in East Bengaluru with an estimated GDV potential of over Rs. 1,000 crores. 
Earlier this quarter, Puravankara partnered with KVN Property Holdings LLP for a 24.59 acres 
land parcel with 3.48 billion saleable area with an estimated GDV of 3,300 crores. The project 
is located in North Bengaluru near the airport and is expected to launch within six months. These 
strategic initiatives underscore our focused approach towards expanding in high opportunity 
locations and driving long-term value creation.  
Coming to the financials of this quarter: 
Our revenue was Rs. 539 crores, EBITDA margin for the quarter was 15% while we reported a 
loss of Rs. 69 crores. The sales and marketing expenses and overheads incurred for the pre sales 
have been entirely charged to P&L as per Ind AS Standard 115. On our debt position, our net 
debt stands at around Rs. 2,825 crores which is at a net debt equity ratio of 1.68 with a cash 
balance of Rs. 718 crores, indicating a strong liquidity profile ensuring stability and operational 
continuity.  
Gross debt during this quarter actually reduced by Rs. 138 crores with major debt coming down 
on the Resi side, but because of the changes or the increase in the commercial, the net increase, 
sorry reduction was Rs. 138 crores. Cost of debt has reduced to 11.35% driven by continued 
focus on improving funding efficiencies. We remain committed to optimize financial resources 
by continuously working on reducing the debt per square feet for under construction projects.  
In the next couple of quarters, we will see increased acquisition and new launches in the line of 
growth plans of the Company. We want to highlight our strong growth trajectory over the last 
three years and the sales growth continues to be at CAGR of 28% while the collections have 
increased at a CAGR of 37% reflecting our commitment to execution excellence.  

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
To conclude: 
We continue to be optimistic about the sector considering the demand supply gap and rapidly 
growing economy. We are strategically launching the projects in our focus markets with a strong 
pipeline of already launched projects and further planned launches as well as ongoing business 
development activities. Thank you for patiently listening. We will now open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator:   
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Yeah, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, first of all, on the upcoming launches, especially 
in the West region. So, since there is the NGT order has come, and I guess, there has been some 
clearance in, taking clearance from the state government. So, how do we see launches in the 
West region? And I see in the presentation, most of them are lined up in Q3 and Q4. Now, where 
are we on the approval stage? And when can we expect progressively the launches to come in? 
Deepak Rastogi:   
Rajat, do you want to take it? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Yes, I will answer it. Hi. Good evening to everyone. So, as you rightly said, a couple of our 
launches were stuck because of the NGT reason. But now with the favorable order, we have 
started putting our applications for the MOFA approval. Understanding there is a long queue for 
all the cases that have been pending for the last one year. We hope that our Andheri project and 
our Thane project, they both will be available for launch in quarter four or maybe end of Q3.  
 
So, from an approval perspective, I think our files, our approvals, our files are moving in the 
right direction. They are moving swiftly. And I think in a matter of two  to three months, we 
should start getting approvals. But I think the launches, as you said, will happen either in the end 
of Q3 or in the early of Q4.  
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure. And I guess this would be phase-wise launches so you know, what is the quantum will be 
opening, maybe phase-wise, if you can highlight some part of that. 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Yeah, I think amongst the three launches that we intend to do in the West region, the total 
inventory that we open for sale will be in the range of around Rs. 3,000 crores. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure. And so any, I mean, in terms of hierarchy, so which project can we see first coming? 
Maybe would it be Bandra, the Breach Candy, and maybe down the line we will go for Apna 
Ghar, because we see there are a lot of launches lined up in those clusters. So, how do we see 
the launches there in terms of the timeline? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, in terms of timeline, of course, not 100% accurate, but in terms of timeline that we predict, 
I think it is going to be Thane, followed by Andheri, then Pali Hill and Miami. Yeah, that is how 
we are planning.  

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure, sir. And the Chembur projects, which we recently secured redevelopment rights., when do 
we plan to launch this project? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, typically, I mean, the approval process takes time, we just started working on the design and 
the prospects of it. So, from a launch perspective, we are expecting it only in the next financial 
year, maybe in the quarter two of next financial year. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure, sir. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Thank you. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. We have a next question from the lineup, Deepak Purswani from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Deepak Purswani:   
Good evening to everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. Yes. So, firstly, just wanted to get 
the sense in terms of the launch pipeline in the Bangalore. I mean, if you can give the broader 
sense about the approval process there, I mean, how should we see the approval? I do understand 
in the presentation, there is a timeline is given for each of the projects. But in terms of the at 
what stage of approval, if you can give the broader sense for the project like Grand Hills, 
Bellandur, Hebbagodi, Kanakapura and Westend. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Yeah, this is Mallanna here. So, I think in the document that what we provided, we have already 
said that, Bellandur is going to come in Q3 and the other one in Kochi, there is a project called 
Winworth Phase 2, we said it is going to come in for Q4, Grand Hills in Q4 and Hebbagodi in 
Q3, Westend in Q3, Hennur Road, probably Q4 or Q3, Mallasandra, that is our one of our project 
in Kanakapura Road that should be coming up in Q3 and another Kanakapura Road project 
which is called Vajrahalli, it should be coming in Q4. Also, a small part of development, this is 
that supposed to come in Q3.  
 
The issue here has been that the Bangalore Development Authority and BBMP were revising 
the bylaws for the setbacks. So, which what it did, what it did do for us is we went on revising 
it and there were several couple of revisions that was brought in by the authorities themselves 
while we did our thing and when we went for the approvals and the approval got delayed further 
revision and further revision. And I do not see any challenges in bringing these things within 
this year.  
 
Within the timelines, we have said maybe one or two projects may go one or two quarters this 
way or that way but we are committed to probably launch all these projects within this year.  
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. Got it. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
So, as far as where are these approvals and all NOCs received on all properties that now we have 
got the NOCs, it is just a matter of authority approvals is what is pending now. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. And sir, I mean in terms of the demand in environment in both of the regions, I mean 
firstly on the Bangalore side and secondly on the western region side, I mean what is the kind of 
the absorption based on the current traction in the launches we are seeing? I mean what should 
be the broader absorption trend we are observing? I mean we are expecting in terms of the launch 
pipeline and in terms of the getting the new sales from these and for the upcoming projects. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Rajat, do you want to talk about it from Mumbai and Pune and then I will talk about Bangalore 
and South India? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Sure. I can give him a gist. So I think the market remains very favorable especially on any 
product which is above Rs. 2 crores and that is the segment primarily that we are catering in the 
west especially in Mumbai. All the products that we have in the launch pipeline be it Andheri, 
Bandra or Breach Candy and the Thane Phase 2, they are actually in phenomenal locations. Their 
locations that customers are really, really looking for, we already have started getting a lot of 
inquiries. So, we remain to be very positive and the market is also very supportive in the 
segments that we are currently catering to. Mallanna, you want to? 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Yes. So, and if you really look at what is happening across I think in Deepak’s introduction, 
opening remarks, he said about how the markets are doing. Nevertheless, see if you look at all 
over India 66,300 units were sold in Q2 of 2025. Units launched were 72,200, which means that 
it is a very balanced market at this point of time. That is the number of units that are coming in 
versus number of units that are getting sold are almost in tandem. 
 
So, if you look at 58% of these things are coming from Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and South 
India. So, which is exactly where we are operating, and particularly in Bangalore and in Chennai 
and in Kochi, what we are seeing is the demand is quite stable. And I would say that between 
stable and robust because any of the projects that have been launched and the offtake is very 
good. The number of players have come down and whoever is the larger players, listed people, 
players like us, we are really taking a premium out of that.  
 
So, it is a great market and maybe my thing is that we had a good run over the last two years on 
the pricing side as well. Maybe pricing might have achieved its target and maybe it is going to 
be there. Prices cannot go at the same rate as which went up in the last two year, three years. 
Nevertheless, it will beat the inflationary numbers is my opinion. So, it is a great market to be 
in. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. So, I think Thane project, actually we launched Phase 1 at the 2nd of the March and early 
update. So, if you can give the broader sense, what was the total launch pipeline inventory, 
launch inventory during that time and how much has been sold and how has been the response 
for that project? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, for the Thane launch, we launched close to around inventory around Rs. 300 odd crores. We 
have already sold around 70% - 75% of all the inventories at the launch. The launch was very, 
very successful. The price that we received was about Rs. 20,000 as a realization at the launch, 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
which probably is one of the highest in that micro market. So, most of the people who bought 
with us were keen on the quality that Puravankara provides and we continue. 
 
We are very, very hopeful that in the Phase 2 and the new inventory that we get post these recent 
approvals, I think this launch can be a much, much more bigger launch in the numbers 
perspective.  
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. And so, if I understand correctly, earlier in the presentation, we were giving that the total 
GDV for this project would be around Rs. 3,500 crores. So, eventually, what would be the 
timeline where we would be looking out to monetize this complete project? And also, is there 
going to be purely a Residential development or is there going to be the mixed use development 
of this project? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Yeah. So, let us break up the question into two. So, one is the overall, you are right, it is overall 
a Rs. 3,700 odd crores GDV project. We are looking at launching the entire project over a period 
of 1.5 years. As I said earlier, it got a bit delayed because of the NGT issues and now with that 
issue being over, we are quickly working on the approval. So, within a matter of 1.5 years , we 
should be able to launch all the towers in the project. Number one.  
 
Number two, yes, it is a mixed use. We have a sizable retail because it is right on the Ghodbunder 
Road, one of the most premium locations in Thane and we are developing close to 3 lakh square 
feet of retail in this project. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. And I mean, what would be the timeline for the next project and what would be the GDV 
we would be looking at out? And in terms of, and second question to it, what would be the retail 
area which we would be launching? And when would be the, we would be looking out to launch 
that project? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, as I said, I think this is a composite project with five towers. We have joined the first phase 
which was around half of a tower as per the current last approval. So, now we are going to be 
launching another two towers and hence over a period of 1.5 years, we would be launching all 
the five towers. In terms of the retail area, we are not launching, we intend to hold the retail area. 
We are not looking at selling the retail area. As of now, we will try and build a product which 
can lead to annuity income in the future. So, right now, I think we are not opening any retail 
area. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. And on the commercial side of the development, I mean, Zentech, we were looking to 
monetize that project. I mean, if we can give this broader update at what stage we are in, where 
has been the progress about the monetization of that deal? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, as Deepak mentioned in his presentation, just now that we will be able to lease the entire 
retail area to IKEA. That is one of the most significant deals that happened in the last quarter at 
a rental of close to Rs. 150. Apart from that, as you rightly said, we are monetizing the asset. We 
have already sold close to 15% of the asset so far and right now, as we speak, I think there is a 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
business which is going on. So, we hope by the end of this financial year, we will be able to 
monetize the substantial  part of the asset. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. And just final question from my part. If I were to look on the cash flow slide, on the Slide 
#23, couple of things. One, on the collection side, I mean, year-on-year, I have been flattish, I 
do understand because this time there was only the sustenance sales and there has been no 
launches. But if you can also give the broader perspective, once the launch pipeline opened, how 
should we see this collection number going ahead? And second part of the question, second part 
of the question is in terms there is also the line item exit or investment equity in nature to the 
extent of Rs. 322 crores. If you can give the broader reason of what this amount pertains to what? 
Niraj Gautam:   
Yes. So, your question has two parts. A is you said that collections or operating surplus is little 
less compared to the previous quarter. What are the reason and how it will going forward looks 
like? So, current quarter as we have mentioned that there is less launches and that impacted our 
collection a bit. However, the second question’s answer lies in Slide #24. If you look at Slide 
#24, we have balanced collection to receive from the sold units itself Rs. 4,643 crores. So, that 
means we have sold the inventory and collections will be coming as we construct faster, the 
collection will come. 
 
So, going forward, we see there is increase in collection as we build faster and the collection 
will come in. The third point which we ask about the cash flow, which is Rs. 322 crores, which 
is investment in equity in nature. So, we are referring about the drawdown which we have done 
from HDFC capital, which is Rs. 282 crores, which is payable and enable structure and zero-
coupon bond. And we utilize this money in acquiring one of our, which we announced Hardware 
Park property. And another Rs. 50 crores we have drawn from 361. That facility is also payable 
and enable in nature. And that is a basis of surplus sharing and IRR based, again, a zero coupon 
bond. And that money we have utilized for our Deccan redevelopment project in Mumbai. That 
is why it has been classified as a separate line item. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. Just continuing --  
Ashish Puravankara:   
One addition to the first point in terms of the cash flow reduction, obviously, it is, I think the 
contribution that would have come from new launches. Also, if you notice the handover, while 
the projects are complete, the balance 10% that we get on possession, right those have gotten 
delayed on account of that e-Khata. So, the projects are ready as and when that e-Khata comes 
and we start doing the registration, because most of these apartments are funded by banks. 
 
So, they pay that balance 10% only on registration. So, which have gotten delayed because of 
some change in government rules and this whole e-Khata business. So, if we had handed over, 
for example, what we had targeted for this quarter, while on the business side, the project is 
complete, but from a handover point of view, because of the e-Khata, that possession has gotten 
delayed. So, that is the second reason why you see that smaller number. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
And that also answers the question why the comparatively the revenue is lower. And that is one 
of the reasons why the revenue is lower as well. While the expenses remaining constant on the 
future project, the marketing and general expenditures going up and the revenue not recognized 
despite the project is completed because of this e-Khata business. And that is the reason why 
you see that the revenue numbers being low. 
Deepak Purswani:   
So, would it be fair to say now this e-Khata issue would be behind us and incrementally one on 
the sustenance part of this collection should improve. Second, with the launch of new project, 
there would be a substantial increase in the collection going ahead. And secondly, this balance 
collection from sold units of Rs. 4,643 crores, what would be the timeframe where we would be 
looking out for this collection of sold units? 
Deepak Rastogi:   
So, that is for coming from our current ongoing project, which is two years to three years, we 
will be able to achieve this collection. 
Deepak Rastogi:   
From a first question perspective, Deepak, we are expecting next, mostly from Q3, Q4, you will 
have very, very strong collections. Q2 also will have something more. But Q3, Q4 will be the 
higher collections is what we expect because what Mallanna just suggested on the e-Khata thing, 
with the glitches there, if everything goes right, obviously, everything will fall in place in the 
current quarter. Else, it will actually get into the next quarter. But let me assure the team here 
that we are very confident that whatever we think we should be able to do it, we will be able to 
achieve it during this year. 
Deepak Purswani:   
Okay, thank you. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Chintan Mehta from Puniska Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I just want clarification. In press release, we mentioned about 
the surplus cash flow. This surplus cash flow also include the redevelopment project, all of the 
redevelopment project? 
Deepak Rastogi:   
This surplus includes all our ongoing projects, plus also our projects, phases of the existing 
project which are yet to open for sale. And also the launch guidance which we are given, which 
is there in our launch guidance in this ICP, Slide #16. It does not include any business 
development, new business development or which we are signing. It is precisely from our 
inventory open for sale, plus inventory not open for sale, plus the launch guidance which we are 
given, which is on Slide #16. Nothing more than that. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
So, redevelopment is actually included in this, is what I can confirm, basically, which is your, 
Apna Ghar, which is, you know, Rajat was mentioning, we just got the NGT clearance, Miami, 
and for Deccan. So, those are the three redevelopments, which is part of the current cash surplus, 
which would obviously, once we launch it over a period of time, you know, we would be able 
to at least get those surplus in place. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Ashish Puravankara:   
But certain ones like, for example, what we just recently announced, Chembur, the 4 acres, that 
is not part of this, that those cash flows have not been included. So, those are all additional. 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Correct.  
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Chembur and also we announced that the one which is the KIADB land that is 3300 GDV, that 
is not included. We announced another one, Balagere in Bangalore, that was another Rs. 1,000 
crore rupees, that is not included, and they are all there in the public domain. While we are 
actively pursuing quite a number of opportunities which are coming to closure, but these are the 
things which are not included. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay.  
Ashish Puravankara:   
So, there are about four projects or five projects where the transaction is closed, but have not 
been included in this cash flow. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay. And sir, what is the margin difference between these two, owned land development 
projects and redevelopment projects? 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
So, among the 10 in the South India that we have, nine of them are owned lands and one is a 
joint development agreement. And I think rest of the three that are listed here are all 
redevelopment. 
Chintan Mehta:   
I just wanted the margin differentiation between… 
Ashish Puravankara:   
So, even in redevelopment projects, Chintan, the margins are different for every project, but just 
to give you a perspective, I think the EBT levels that we would like to operate would be between 
20% - 25% across our project portfolio. I am talking about redevelopment projects.  
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay. And for owned land development, it would be higher than 35% or 30%? 
Ashish Puravankara:   
Approximately about 30%.  
Deepak Rastogi:   
It again depends, obviously, what kind of but we look for our internal purposes. We look for, 
obviously, a particular IRR benchmarks and we also look for gross margins. So, generally, we 
will look for more than 24%, especially for the own the land acquisition and all, as far as the 
gross margins are concerned. And I can tell you, most of the projects will be in and around or 
even higher than what you are referring to. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Also, it will not be a perfect science because it depends on… 
Chintan Mehta:   
No, no, I am talking about IRR only. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
When we acquire the piece of land… 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Deepak Rastogi:   
Okay, he is talking IRR. So, IRR, purely from an IRR perspective, redevelopment would have 
higher IRR because there is no land cost which gets associated with it. It is more of a construction 
and some kind of, obviously, the approval cost which comes in. As far as the outright sales is 
concerned from a land perspective, obviously, IRR would be slightly less comparatively. But 
anything which we look at it should be upward of at least 18% IRR. That is the way we look at 
it. And it can go up to, you know, 30% - 35% and even higher than that. So, it depends upon 
what projects we are talking about and which are the locations. And it will be very difficult for 
us to give you a very generic answer to that because it has to be project by project. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay, okay. And one commercial project which we are looking to monetize it, what is it updated 
there? 
Ashish Puravankara:   
Rajat? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
I think on that commercial project, as I said, that we are already, the work is already processed 
in progress. We have already monetized around 15% - 20% of the asset as we speak. And we 
are very hopeful by the end of this financial year, we will be able to monetize a substantial part 
of that asset. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay, sure. So, just a last question from my side. How we see this digital khata, e-Khata 
registration? Because of that, the price can go up or, I mean, how you see that in Bangalore 
specific market? 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
So, the question here was that e-Khata was a piece of paper. Now, they made it, it is just the 
same khata, but it is in electronic form. And so, basically, what happens is that once you 
complete the project, and the khata means the ownership comes into the developer’s name first, 
and then it gets transferred to the ultimate customer, customer again goes back and makes their 
own e-khata. 
 
The entire thing that because of the process, and it is all machine driven, and the software are 
new, and some of the things cannot be uploaded, and some of the options are missing, and 
probably was kind of, I would say that not well thought through. And because of which what 
has happened is that when we get the khata, then only we can go and register it. So, that is the 
challenge. And there is no cost increase and etc., because if the project is completed, and maybe 
it is a delay of one or two months that we need to take it in our stride and move forward. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay, so just one for curiosity, this e-Khata also require compulsion to register lands and all the 
records. And are we following, I mean, we have intent to following or how you see that as a 
positive, negative? 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
And in the long run, it is positive in the short, always, always anything technology coming in 
and everything becoming paperless is fantastic. But the thing is, in the short run, till it is 
implemented properly, just exactly like the way it happened in GST. Once it is implemented, 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
once it is going fine, then it is fantastic. It is a very good thing for the industry, and for the entire 
state of Karnataka in terms of land records and other things. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Sure, sir. Understood. Thanks for the opportunity and best of luck for that. 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Thank you, Chintan. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thanks for the follow-up. So, you highlighted that we have leased the space in 
Zentech for 150 per square feet. So, if you can throw some light on how the micro market is and 
what the prevailing rates are. And this rate of 150 per square foot that we have got, how is it 
comparable to the micro market? And what is enabled to us to get this kind of a rate? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, Harsh, I think, just to give you a perspective of South Bangalore market, I think, first and 
foremost, I think this asset, what we are building is one of the best, really, I think, that is there 
in the micro market. From a perspective of IKEA coming and choosing us as a product because 
IKEA does a very, very long due diligence before finalizing any place, especially for the retail 
operation. So, for them to come over, that really says about this product, which is clearly by far 
the best product available in the South Bangalore market, number one. 
 
Number two, the ongoing rentals for retail vary. I think this asset is bank opposite for a mall in 
Bangalore and the rentals over here in this micro market are in the range of Rs. 100 - Rs. 120 
per square feet. The reason why we were able to get a higher rate is because of the quality of this 
asset, the way it has come up as I said. And obviously, there is an entire layout, the frontage of 
the asset itself in the overall sales for IKEA. So, just to give you a perspective from the rental 
perspective, the Rs. 120 to Rs. 100 is the range in South Bangalore and we were able to get a 
rate of around Rs. 150. 
Harsh Pathak:   
And how does the pipeline look for the remaining space in Zentech? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
It looks very healthy. As I said, I was just saying in the other call, so it looks pretty healthy right 
now. We started sales in April this year. We have already done over 15% of the area. And as we 
speak, every month we are selling some area, monetizing some area. So, we are very hopeful by 
the end of this year, we will be able to substantially reduce our inventory in Zentech. Especially 
with IKEA coming in, it really helps us to increase the price further because it becomes a 
landmark by itself. So, that will further help us to get a higher value and further realization. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Right. And with respect to Aerocity, how are we placed there in terms of leasing activity? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, Aerocity is coming up very, very well. We are expecting OC to come by December for both 
towers, which is around 1.3 million square feet. There is a lot of inquiries that have been 
generated on a daily basis. We are hopeful that in Q3 and Q4, we will be able to get a hang for 
to start with the leasing activity in that asset. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure. And I guess we are having a third asset also. So, what are the timelines there? Have you 
finalized something? Where are we in stage of progress? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
So, that asset, we are at the final stages of closing on the legal due diligence. We should be able 
to sign the sale deed by September end and we are hopeful that by Q4 of this year, we will start 
pouring concrete. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure. And coming back to the Residential space, how does the BD pipeline look for the 
remaining of the year? I guess we have done a commendable work in the 1st Quarter. So, how 
are we placed for the remaining of the year and where would our focus be in terms of the region 
selection? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
You mean to say for the West region or you want to get over the South region? 
Harsh Pathak:   
No, the overall. So, in terms of mix of the region, so where are we focused more? Because I 
guess in the 1st Quarter, we have done a lot of additions in West and also in the Bangalore side 
also. So, how do we intend to take the BD pipeline forward for the remaining of part of the year? 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Mallanna would you like to -- 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
Yes. Bangalore is our headquarters and thus, we are quite strong in Bangalore. And so, we have 
done extremely well in closing deals in the last one year or so. So, we will continue to do that at 
any given point of time. We are evaluating more than 20 - 25 opportunities and some of the 
things which are closed also not announced. And so, then of course, we are in Chennai and 
Chennai that actively we are pursuing and now there are four projects which are going on. And 
Cochin, we have become quite large in Kochi and one of the projects is expected to launch. 
 
And again, there also we are pursuing. Hyderabad, we are pursuing, even though we have not 
had great luck. Hyderabad, we are pursuing. We are coming to the end of the project in Goa. We 
are looking for some assets in Goa as well. So, these are all not definitive things can be told. 
Everything has to match and our return on our investments and our ability, our matching our 
Company’s philosophy of the product and all those things have to match. Then we go forward 
in all these locations because we have put the hard work and the knowledge investment has been 
done in all these places. So, we will continue to be aggressive and pursuing opportunities. 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Likewise, for the West region, I think we are growing especially in Mumbai and obviously 
looking at opportunities in Pune. We will expand further in Pune in the near term. Also, in 
Mumbai, there is huge scope for us to further grow and be evaluating opportunities, which is our 
strategic goal, what we want to achieve. So, I think we are looking at opportunities more than 
giving a definite number. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sir, in terms of overall quantum, last year we did around Rs. 11,000 crores of BD. So, this year, 
any number we have in mind, we look to at least cross this or is there some target? 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Mallanna Sasalu:   
As I said, there is no target. We do not go after target. We must close this much. It is about 
number of opportunities that come in, in terms of end of the day, it is not about race to close the 
deal. It is race to be profitable in all projects, the way we expect it to be. So, there is, I mean, we 
can say that it will be as healthy as anything that can be, without getting into the numbers. It will 
be healthy this year as well. 
Deepak Rastogi:   
See, Harsh, we will continue to grow the way we are growing our business and that would 
continue, that thrust will continue going forward also. 
Ashish Puravankara:   
I think two inputs from my side there are A, on a thumb rule basis. Thumb rule, what you sell a 
year, for example, as an organization, if you are selling about 5 million square foot to 7 million 
square foot a year, I think the thumb rule logical target would be to replenish your land bank by 
that much every year, right. So, as you keep going forward, that much production and if not 
more, you keep increasing volumes as well. But I am just saying as a thumb rule, sort of that 
would be the number.  
 
But most importantly, I think is that change in strategy in terms of business development as well. 
So, today, we are able to replenish this in three formats, one being outright, second being joint 
developments and now the new bucket in the western region, which is the society 
redevelopment. So, the latter two basically come at a relatively much lesser upfront capital cost, 
because these are joint developments and society redevelopments. So, that comes at a much 
lower cost.  
 
The third point being again as a strategy, extremely clear that all the new BDs, in fact, what have 
been done over the last 2 years - 3 years, these are projects which are clean, clear, converted 
lands, where the target to the team is that from the time you acquire, you need to turn around on 
an average six months to eight months, you need to get these projects to launch. So, there is no 
sort of aggregation or aggregation risk or conversion risk or approval risk per se as a new strategy 
for the BD that we have been doing over the last two years. So, you are going to see a lot faster 
turnaround. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Sure, thanks for that elaborate answer. So, just two final question from my side. So, are we 
looking at any pre-sales growth target this year? And second, in terms of debt, I think this quarter 
sequentially, we have seen some decline in the net debt levels, even the cost of debt has gone 
down. So, how do we think in terms, how should we think in terms of net debt going forward? 
Just these two points. 
Deepak Rastogi:   
So, Harsh, it is difficult for us to put a number there. But what I can say is that given that on the 
Resi, you have seen that the Resi per square feet has actually come down and that will continue 
to obviously pair, because whenever the project goes under production, automatically it is a self 
pairing. Where we have continued to increase our debt level per square feet is on the commercial 
side, because that development continues on the capital asset side until the time we either do a 
strata sales or leasing, that would take some more time to start obviously getting pairing. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
So, Resi I think I am not really, really concerned at all. As far as commercial is concerned, there 
is no concern as such. But obviously, it will show some increase per square feet, but eventually 
it will dipper down as what Rajat was also mentioning that we are looking to at least do the OCs 
for almost 2 million square feet this year. So to that extent, obviously, slowly we would start 
seeing some pairing after that. 
Ashish Puravankara:   
I think an easier way to understand that is I think you classify the debt into essentially three 
buckets, right? The first bucket being the debt which is on under construction projects. Now, 
these projects are selling well, collections are good, burn rates are good. So, which means that 
there is absolutely no concern, it will be self-pairing. The second bucket you look at is the debt 
that has come on account of business development. Like I mentioned a little earlier, extremely 
clear that any BD that we do have to be clean, clear, which means from the day we do the 
transaction, the designing starts, approval starts, and the target being six  to eight months to 
launch. So, that in mind, that is the second bucket of debt.  
 
Again, there, if you are able to follow even 90% - 95% where we are able to turn these projects 
around and get them launched in six to eight months, again, that goes into production in that 
sense. So, it is a productive debt and with the sales collections, it will get pared down. The last 
bucket is the debt against the commercial. Now, commercial, the debt is on essentially three 
projects. The one which you are anyway going to be monetizing, which by the year end, so that 
debt should be paired off automatically.  
 
The other one, for now, we are hoping to complete construction by December and as the leasing 
starts, you convert that construction finance into LRD at a much lower cost. So, again, with the 
rental that you collect, it will be self pairing. I think just to sort of put it into perspective. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Yes, thanks a lot again for the detailed answer. And just on the pre sale growth, any target or... 
Ashish Puravankara:   
When you say growth, you are comparing it to the last year?  
Harsh Pathak:   
Yes.  
Ashish Puravankara:   
Yes, of course. 
Harsh Pathak:   
No, no, I mean, any targeted number we have in mind, just... 
Ashish Puravankara:   
No, we have never given a guidance or a number, but definitely, there will be a growth in that 
number. With the kind of launches that we have, especially over the quarter three and quarter 
four, if you look at the kind of locations and the spread that we have within Bangalore, the kind 
of spread that we have, then even the Kochi project, the following phase, Phase 1 of which has 
done extremely well, execution is happening extremely well. So, that is a great location. 
 
Again, we had a great experience in that project. Again, you come to Bombay, if you look at the 
kind of spread that we have right across the city from Thane, different price points, Thane, 
Lokhandwala, Pali Hill, etc. Again, very unique locations. And the reason I say that in terms of, 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
while the micro markets are great, again, but the property itself, right, I think the frontage, the 
size and scale of these projects, for example, in the Bandra, most projects, I mean, if you are 
from Bombay, in that entire vicinity, they are standalone towers with no amenities.  
 
We were fortunate to get the site, which is 2.75 acres. So, we are able to pack in every single 
amenity. And that is the USP of that site. And that is, you know, we are already, I mean, we are 
in designing phase. The office receives almost 10 to 15 enquiries a day. Have you opened up 
sale? Have you opened up sale? So, within the Bandra market, there is so many people who want 
to move into a larger development that provide you a lifestyle and, you know, a lot more amenity 
than what is existed. And they are the small plot car, single tower developments. 
Harsh Pathak:   
Understood. Thanks, Ashish, for taking my questions. Thanks a lot.  
Ashish Puravankara:   
My pleasure. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Chintan Mehta from Puniska Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Sir, just wanted to know, do you have any more land parcel or space at Aerocity to launch 
something commercial or Residential? 
Deepak Rastogi:   
So, we have a Grand Hills project, which is there as part of our launch pipeline, right? So that is 
there apart from commercial that is a Resi, obviously, which is coming up. So, if you see in Slide 
#16, you can see number three, Grand Hills actually, you know, pertains to that same Aerocity 
site, which you are referring to. 
Rajat Rastogi:   
Grand Aerocity, part of same campus. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay. Understood. And further after that, I mean, we are looking at a big one to develop that 
area or when? 
Ashish Puravankara:   
See, Phase 1 of that Aerocity project, the total commercial is about 2.2 million square foot. What 
we are completing by December will be 1.2 million square foot. And then we hope in January, 
start the Phase 2 of the commercial, which is another million square foot. That micro market is 
really developing well, because of the metro connectivity, the entire micro market, you have the 
best of schools, you have Resi, you have offices, you have hospitals, the best of schools are in 
that vicinity. 
 
And once the metro starts, the entire micro market like Outer Ring Road five years ago, the 
entire place will get related in that sense. And then at the back, currently, what we have designed 
is so 2.2 million square foot of office space in the front, and at the back Resi, the whole walk to 
home concept. 
Chintan Mehta:   
Okay. Okay. Thanks, sir. That is the detail I wanted to know. Thank you so much, sir. All the 
best. 

 
Puravankara Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Ashish Puravankara:   
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Rastogi:   
Thank you all for your time and questions. We appreciate your continued support and interest in 
Purvankara’s journey. Should you have further queries or require additional information, please 
feel free to reach out to our investor relations team. We look forward to updating you on our 
progress in the coming quarters. Have a great day and a nice weekend. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:   
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
