August 11, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 500135 
Trading Symbol: EPL 
 
Sub. :  Transcript of the Conference Call - EPL Limited (“Company”) 
  
Ref. :  1.  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”) 
 
 
2.  ISIN: INE255A01020 
 
Sir/ Madam,  
 
In furtherance of our intimation(s) dated July 30, 2025 and August 5, 2025, we are enclosing 
herewith, the Transcript of the conference call for the Analysts/ Investors, which was held on 
August 5, 2025, to discuss the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended on June 30, 2025 (“said transcript”). 
 
The said transcript is also made available on the website of the Company i.e. at 
https://www.eplglobal.com/investors/shareholder-information/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For EPL Limited 
 
 
 
Onkar Ghangurde 
Head - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
ONKAR DEEPAK 
GHANGURDE
Digitally signed by ONKAR 
DEEPAK GHANGURDE 
Date: 2025.08.11 18:14:08 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“EPL Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 5, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND KRIPALU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EPL LIMITED 
MR. M. R. RAMASAMY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– EPL LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. SHRIHARI RAO – PRESIDENT, AMESA REGION – 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. ONKAR GHANGURDE – HEAD-LEGAL, COMPANY 
SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER – EPL 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK THOLIYA – SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the EPL Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Systematix Group. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Tholiya from Systematix Group for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Yes. Thanks, Muskan. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, 
I would like to welcome all the participants who logged into this conference call of EPL Limited 
to discuss the first quarter results. From the management side, we have Mr. Anand Kripalu, MD, 
and Global CEO; Mr. M. R. Ramasamy, COO; Mr. Deepak Goyal, CFO; Mr. Shrihari Rao, 
President, AMESA Region; Mr. Onkar Ghangurde, Head, Legal, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer. 
 
At the outset, I'd like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. I 
would now like to welcome Mr. Anand Kripalu to start the proceedings of the call. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anand Kripalu: 
Thank you very much, Pratik, and hello, everybody. Very good evening to you, and thank you 
for joining us for EPL's Quarter 1 FY '26 Earnings Call. I'm delighted to share that we have had 
a strong start to the financial year with solid progress across all our key metrics. We have 
delivered double-digit revenue growth of 10%, robust EBITDA growth of 18.1% and very strong 
PAT growth of 55.8%.  
Our EBITDA margins have expanded to 20.5%, improving by 140 basis points over the previous 
year. We delivered a ROCE of 18.9%, improving by 299 basis points as compared to last year. 
This performance is a result of consistent execution, clear strategic direction, and operational 
discipline. 
 
Our consolidated revenue grew 10%, driven by strong double-digit growth in 3 of our 4 regions. 
Europe grew by 15%, Americas by 13% and EAP by a solid 10% through effective execution 
and robust Beauty & Cosmetics growth.  
AMESA's growth, however, was modest at 1.7% amidst macroeconomic headwinds and 
sluggish FMCG demand. We had another quarter of very strong Beauty & Cosmetics 
performance with 35% year-on-year growth, reflecting the continued success of our strategic 
focus on this category. 
 
EBITDA margin expanded to 20.5%, delivering a robust growth of 18.1% versus the previous 
year. This represents the 12th consecutive quarter of margin expansion, underpinned by 
sustained double-digit EBITDA growth and 4 successive quarters of 20% plus margins.  

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Europe and the Americas delivered significant margin improvement driven by strategic 
interventions and structural cost actions. AMESA and EAP continued to operate within the target 
margin range, supported by disciplined execution. 
 
Underlying PAT grew 55.8% during the quarter and EPS improved from INR2.02 per share in 
Q1 FY '25 to INR3.13 per share this quarter. Strong EBITDA and PAT performance, combined 
with solid cash flow generation, has helped improve our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 0.45 with 
the ROCE improving to 18.9%.  
Sustainability remains central to our growth agenda. This quarter, sustainable tube formats 
contributed 38% of total sales, reflecting growing customer adoption and the impact of our 
product innovation efforts.  
EPL received the top most A rating in the supplier engagement rating category by CDP, making 
the third consecutive year, the company has retained this distinction in the category, a testament 
to our consistent leadership in driving sustainability across the entire value chain. 
 
As we look ahead, we have plans in place to build and sustain double-digit revenue growth with 
strong operating margins through focused execution, combined with strategic clarity. Our 
priorities remain; one, strong momentum in Beauty & Cosmetics. We are seeing continued 
success in our Beauty & Cosmetics segment with strong double-digit growth.  
Neo-seam continues to gain traction for its seamless finish, while enhanced printing and 
investments in extruded tubes are further strengthening our offering. As oral growth gradually 
comes back over the next quarters, high-growth momentum in this segment will help us deliver 
sustained overall double-digit revenue growth. 
 
Second, scaling presence in high-growth markets. We are scaling up well in high-growth 
markets with the Brazil capacity expansion now live and delivering ahead of plan. This not only 
strengthens service to our key accounts, but has also enabled us to add several new customers in 
the region. The Thailand greenfield is progressing as per time lines and will start contributing in 
the second half of the year. 
 
Third, sustainability as a commercial differentiator. Our sustainable tube mix has risen to 38%, 
driven by close collaboration with customers to co-develop recyclable and PCR formats. This is 
helping us gain wallet share and strengthens our position in competitive bids. We see continued 
momentum here with further tailwinds expected as large brands accelerate their sustainability 
commitments. 
 
And finally, the fourth, margin expansion and improved capital efficiency. We are seeing 
encouraging momentum on margins across regions. Americas and Europe continue to benefit 
from building the right structure along with focused execution, better product mix and cost 
actions. We have already mitigated the impact of earlier U.S. tariffs and are now evaluating the 
implications of the recent ones. 
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Importantly, we manufacture in the U.S. to sell in the U.S. And while we import laminate into 
the U.S. with contractual pass-through arrangements in place, we expect the impact to be 
immaterial. In India, despite macroeconomic headwinds, margins remained strong. The business 
is now back within the target margin range, supported by steady operational improvements and 
sharper commercial focus.  
At the same time, we are maintaining strict discipline on capital allocation, interest costs and 
working capital. This approach is helping us improve returns as well as efficiency. As a result, 
we are well poised to deliver PAT growth ahead of revenue and further improve ROCE in the 
foreseeable future.  
We are very pleased with the strong start to the year and the momentum across our priorities. 
With disciplined execution, customer focus and a clear strategy, we are well positioned to deliver 
consistent growth so as to create long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
 
With that, we will now open up the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Firstly, sir, if I look at AMESA, now growth has been subdued for 4 consecutive quarters. And 
if I look at the FMCG companies, particularly in oral care, there the weakness typically has 
started only from last quarter onwards. Also, last quarter, you mentioned that the growth was 
impacted here because of lower intercompany laminate sales.  
Just wanted to understand the weakness in AMESA in terms -- is it just oral care? Are there 
other factors? And going forward, when do you expect recovery? Any change which is visible 
on the ground currently? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So let me say, as far as India is concerned, this quarter as well, our tube revenue growth is higher 
than the overall revenue growth that you are seeing, right? So there is some amount of correction 
in terms of laminate inventory. Now more specifically, there has been softness in Oral Care 
volumes. But what has started happening is that we have seen accelerated momentum in beauty 
and cosmetics, right? And that is helping our overall numbers.  
Now oral, the way we see it, I think we are beginning to see some signs already of recovery of 
oral volumes. And as oral volumes start coming back with sustained beauty and cosmetics 
momentum for which we have put in a lot of effort and we are seeing the results. When that 
starts happening, we should start seeing AMESA overall growth numbers beginning to improve. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And when do you expect AMESA in terms of oral care to start clocking respectable growth in 
terms of, let's say, mid to high-single digit kind of a number? 
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Anand Kripalu: 
You see the indication we have from our key customers is that they are seeing recovery and H2 
is expected to start bouncing back. okay? So if I were to just read that, marry that with our 
accelerated momentum on B&C, right, I think that's when we should begin to start seeing 
improved numbers. But while I answer this question to you, I just want to say this that we know 
that there has been some softness in the overall FMCG environment in India. I think the strength 
of our portfolio is that we have delivered double-digit growth in 3 of the other regions.  
So I think the strength of our portfolio is that we are able to manage one-off slowness that could 
happen anywhere in the world, but with success in other parts of the world so that we overall 
deliver double-digit growth, which indeed we have done. So I think for me, the confidence is 
that our portfolio is coming to play that we are not a victim of only some softness in one region, 
right, but we can still deliver the overall ambitions that we have for this business. 
Sameer Gupta: 
That's very helpful. Just a bookkeeping question. Tax rate, again, this quarter has been on the 
lower side. Last year also was low. Any guidance that you can give as to what you expect for 
the full year here? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. So Sameer, as I've mentioned, the tax rate in the quarter could get impacted by the mix of 
profit in various countries. I expect steady state tax rate will continue to be in 18% to 20% range. 
However, it can go up and down depending upon how the mix of the profit has come in. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And this is still for the full year, you expect and not for the remaining quarters? 
Deepak Goyal: 
The 18% to 20% number? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. So I would say that depending upon the mix in low tax geographies, this year tax rate could 
be a bit lower than the steady state rate. The steady state rate will be about 18% to 20%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I got first question on the personal care, very strong performance, 28% Y-o-Y growth on a decent 
base. I think -- can you help us understand what is driving such a strong and sudden uptick in 
the growth for personal care? And do you think the run rate are sustainable at least for next 12 
months? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So we have been talking about the efforts we are making as a business on beauty and cosmetics 
or indeed personal care. And we've been talking about it for the last year or so, right? Since then, 
I would say that the execution of our plan has now permeated across the organization and around 
the world. So for instance, we have seen very aggressive customer acquisition. Our innovation 
is beginning to show results, particularly Neo-seam that we were talking about, okay?  
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
We have invested in people and importantly, in back-end capability, which is both to do with 
ring-fencing capacity as well as agility to deliver time lines for smaller MOQs, which are far 
better than what we ever were doing in the past, okay? And finally, I must tell you that we are 
also hungry today for M&A in the beauty and cosmetics space, and we are actually hunting 
down opportunities in B&C around the world. 
 
Now I think everything that we have put in gives me confidence that you will see a new 
momentum on Beauty & Cosmetics. Last quarter, we were about 20% growth. This quarter in 
Beauty & Cosmetics, we have 35% growth. I think you should continue to see solid momentum 
in Beauty & Cosmetics looking ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And when you say M&A, will it be going more into the non-laminate segment or it will be more 
geographical -- how are we looking at M&A? 
Anand Kripalu: 
I mean it could be both, honestly, Sanjesh. It could be geographic, right? So regions where we 
are relatively under-indexed in terms of our share, right? We can transform our business with 
the right kind of M&A. And I would say selectively, in markets which are predominantly 
extruded markets, we may look at extruded manufacturers as well. So we will stay in the space 
of tubes. We will stay in the space of plastic tubes that could be laminated tubes or extruded 
tubes, all right? And then it's based on what's available. But all I can tell you is that we have a 
strategic approach to scanning the market and zeroing in on opportunities. We've actually signed 
a few NDAs where we are doing some work, right, to explore. But obviously, we will share 
more information when we are able to share that information. I think the bigger message is that 
we have always said that B&C is the big growth opportunity for this business.  
B&C is where we have relatively low shares compared to oral care. And honestly, that's where 
a huge amount of management effort is going. And adding to that, we will also put money on 
the table if we have the right targets to acquire so that we can sustain strong beauty and cosmetics 
performance. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's clear. On Europe segment, I could understand Americas, Brazil adding to the growth, but 
what's driving Europe growth so strong? 
Anand Kripalu: 
I mean what is driving Europe growth so strong in the sense that -- so you know that we have 
seen some years of sluggish performance in Europe, right? We've made certain key changes. We 
have put certain structural interventions in place. We have beefed up our sales resources.  
We actually have a new Head of Sales as well. And I think all that put together is beginning to 
deliver value for the business, okay? And therefore, we are also exploring possibilities of M&A 
in Europe as well, right, to be able to actually step change our position in Europe. 
Deepak Goyal: 
And I would also -- I would just add to what Anand said that in Europe, our market share is 
relatively very small. And hence, our ability to gain market share with good service levels goes 
up significantly. So despite, let's say, inherent category growth, which may be slower than the 
global growth in Europe, opportunity for us remains very high. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But the opportunity has always existed, right, Deepak? 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. And that is what Anand is mentioning, Sanjesh, that we were not able to capitalize on that 
opportunity for 2 reasons. Number one, our profit structure, the P&L structure was not optimal. 
Our margins were suboptimal. And hence, a lot of focus always went on fixing the cost base 
rather than growing the retail. And second, some of the organization level changes that we did 
last year. So we have been able to fix both of those issues in last 12, 15 months, and the results 
we are showing in the numbers now. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's fair. That's fair. One question, Anand, on your initial comment, you said that we are 
winning more labels. Can you give more color how many more labels we have won, what is the 
contribution in the growth, which is coming from the new customer? That would be helpful. 
Anand Kripalu: 
You're saying how much growth are we getting from new customers? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes, yes because that was one of the drivers for B&C growth, right? 
Anand Kripalu: 
That absolutely is one of the drivers. And we are going after a large number of smaller customers, 
okay? If you look at just India, there's a table in front of me here with samples of tubes from all 
kinds of brands and a large number of them are D2C brands, okay, online brands, right? I don't 
know, do we have the number?  
Deepak Goyal: 
Sanjesh, can you hear us now? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Sanjesh, the Beauty & Cosmetics growth is driven through innovation across both the existing 
customers and new customers. As we are explaining and demonstrating our capabilities for 
existing customers, we are gaining new projects from them. And equally, we are aggressively 
acquiring new customers. We don't have the number right now, but this is -- the growth is driven 
by innovations. And that is why our confidence in sustaining B&C growth even in the future 
remains high. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Smith Gala from RSPN Ventures. 
Smith Gala: 
The first question was regarding the recent strategic investment by Indorama. So I wanted to 
understand will this investment be helping us collaborate with them on take-off strategy? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So I mean, I think the answer is yes. As an example, our Thailand project, right, is done with a 
lot of support from Indorama. In fact, our unit is being set up on the Indorama premises, of 
course, with all the arms' length checks and balances in place. So that's how we are able to get 
off with great speed. And we are also getting a lot of their support for getting all the licenses and 
approvals and so on and so forth that we need. Now that's the first example of where we have 
leveraged Indorama's resources. And we are continuously exploring other opportunities around 
the world. 
Smith Gala: 
Okay. That was helpful. Secondly, on -- just wanted to understand more on the top line and the 
EBITDA and the bottom line guidance? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So what would you like to understand? 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Smith Gala: 
Double-digit growth of top line, can it be better or we will maintain that double-digit guidance 
of top line? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No. So we have given a guidance to say that our ambition is to deliver double-digit growth with 
EBITDA growing faster than revenue and PAT growing faster than EBITDA, okay? So that 
guidance stays. It's not a quarter-to-quarter guidance, but as a kind of full year guidance, okay? 
And I think what I've been saying is that we've delivered double-digit growth in a quarter where 
AMESA has been soft and oral has generally been soft, right? We have seen long-term trends 
on oral, right?  
And this company has been built on oral, and we have seen long-term growth in oral. And 
therefore, toothpaste is not a category that disappears. People don't stop brushing to put it simply. 
And therefore, some of those trends are short term. When those come back with the ambition -- 
with the growth that we have been able to establish with beauty and cosmetics, we absolutely 
believe that we will be squarely in the double-digit zone. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pooja Jain from Trinetra Asset Management. 
Pooja Jain: 
So I have a follow-up question on Indorama's stake. So what was the vision for getting this 
strategic investor on board? And will they be increasing their stake in the future or taking up a 
more active role? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So I don't have a really answer to your latter question, honestly. What was -- see, the point is 
that a strategic investor will take a long-term view of a business, okay? A private equity firm 
will have a 5-year, 6-year horizon.  
So I think the purpose of a strategic investor is that decisions should be taken in the fullness of 
time to create long-term value for all stakeholders and to drive long-term transformational 
growth for this business. Now I'm conjecturing, but that is my understanding of the role of a 
strategic investor versus a private equity investor. 
Pooja Jain: 
Okay. Understood. And I also wanted to know the Brazil greenfield facility that had gone live 
last year. Can you please tell me the update on its current utilization levels and how much it's 
contributing to the revenue? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So as far as Brazil is concerned, so I would say our utilization has been high. As a consequence 
of that, we have doubled our capacity in beauty and cosmetics in Brazil as we speak, that fully 
came on stream in June. And we have now started really accelerating our Beauty and Cosmetics 
business.  
So I think you've got to believe that the utilization was high enough for us to take a decision to 
put another slug of investment into Brazil. Overall, I will say that we are delighted with our 
performance in Brazil and particularly since a lot of the growth momentum is coming in beauty 
and cosmetics in Brazil, and it's making a big difference to our overall global performance as 
well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anupam Jain from Indira Securities. 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Anupam Jain: 
So my question is what will be the contribution from Thailand capacity once it ramps up in H2? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So we're not specifically giving a number on that. All I will say is that the whole plan on Thailand 
is to actually start small but accelerate very fast, right? Because the model in Thailand is a little 
different from our model of expansion to other geographies where it's been done on the back of 
a customer contract.  
In Thailand, right, we have a very strong pipeline of products, particularly in the beauty and 
cosmetics space. So what we are doing is we're getting started quickly. And as the business 
comes in, our aim is to ramp up very fast. So I would say that the contribution of Thailand will 
keep increasing, but we are not specifically giving a number on what it will contribute in H2. 
Anupam Jain: 
More about then how will you use Indorama, will it be personal employee person that you are 
using in Thailand for that facility for sales and marketing? How will that be? Can you just give 
me a guidance in that...? 
Anand Kripalu: 
We will have our own EPL team. We will take help and support from Indorama as needed in 
area needed. It could be by way of introductions to customers. It could be by way of support to 
get licenses done. And it could be in other areas, maybe even hiring of people. But finally, EPL 
is a different entity from Indorama and will run an independent operation in Thailand. 
Anupam Jain: 
Okay. Because what I'm gathering is Thailand will open doors to new geographies if it is 
successful. And I'm just trying to understand how you're thinking in terms of a very small capital 
expenditure that you're doing currently. 
Anand Kripalu: 
See, Thailand itself is a very large tube market, okay, where we have very small share and that 
is linked to whatever we export currently from China into Thailand. So having an onshore 
production allows us to access the beauty and cosmetics market that typically has larger dia tube 
and shorter lead times, which is tough to do through an export model.  
So our first objective is to truly exploit the Thailand market, specifically in the area of beauty 
and cosmetics. But you're absolutely right. Once we set up base in Thailand, suddenly, Malaysia 
is more accessible. Vietnam is more accessible. Indonesia is more accessible, okay? And that's 
what I said, where I said start small but accelerate fast, okay? So that's our thinking. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anupam Jain from Indira Securities. 
Anupam Jain: 
Just one follow-up question on the inorganic acquisition that you're thinking. What is the size of 
this? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No. See, we're not in a position to say that, right? All we are saying is that we have been hunting 
down opportunities in geographies where we believe it can help us in transforming our business. 
We are looking at what's available. I've said that we have already signed a couple of NDAs to 
have more detailed conversation with a few targeted parties.  
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
But in terms of timing or scale and whether it will happen or not happen, I don't think I'm in a 
position to comment. We will absolutely share that with you when we are -- when we have made 
a decision. But I just want you to recognize that we are driving the agenda for M&A as hard as 
we can. And ultimately, it's based on the opportunities available and the price at which you're 
willing to get it, okay? So that is the whole point about M&A. 
Anupam Jain: 
And any amount that we have earmarked for this? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No, we've not earmarked an amount for this. But all I can say is that as I've already said, our 
debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 0.45. So we have huge opportunity to leverage our balance sheet. And 
we would be ready for even a medium-sized or even a larger potential target because our balance 
sheet permits us to do so. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet from Motilal Oswal. 
Meet: 
First of all, what is the capex amount we are spending on Thailand facility? 
Anand Kripalu: 
It's about -- like I said, we're starting small, right, and we'll accelerate fast. So it's roughly in the 
zone of about $5 million to start with in a leased facility, right? But the plan is, as business comes 
in, we will accelerate very fast. 
Meet: 
Understood. And what kind of margin profile can we see in these operations in like Thailand 
geography? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Margin will be equal to or slightly better than the global margins. 
Meet: 
And one more thing is like Thailand market, as you already mentioned that it's a very big market. 
And as you know, Indorama is also a very bigger player in in that location? So won't it be a 
competitive challenge to like Indorama is like incubating another player in that location or how 
it will be the entire arrangement in Thailand region? 
Anand Kripalu: 
There is no competition with Indorama. They are not operating in the categories that we are 
operating in, which is primarily to do with plastic tubes. So there is absolutely no competition. 
If anything, there are opportunities for synergy rather than competition. 
Meet: 
And apart from Thailand, any major capex plans in any other geography that you planning except 
for Brazil, as you mentioned, you doubled the capacity in Brazil. Any other in U.S., India, or 
Europe you are planning any capex plans soon? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So capexes are part of the operating model. We have been maintaining that our capex 
investments every year will be equal to -- roughly equal to our depreciation, which is anywhere 
between INR350 crores to INR400 crores. Large part of this capex spends goes into growth 
capexes. We produce more than 8 billion tubes a year.  
 
 

 
 
EPL Limited 
 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
And when we are growing volumes in high-single digits, etcetera, we are adding volumes, which 
is larger than most players in this market, right? And hence, to deliver to this volume, we 
continuously keep doing growth capexes. We are mentioning the ones which are specifically 
into growth geographies like Brazil and Thailand. However, other than that, the normal 
expansion capexes are happening across geographies. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Pratik Tholiya for his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Yes. Thanks, Muskan. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I'd like to thank all the 
participants for logging into this call. I would like to also thank the management once again for 
giving us the opportunity. I would like to request Anand sir if he has any closing comments to 
make. 
Anand Kripalu: 
No, I just want to thank you, Pratik, and thank all the participants for your continued interest in 
EPL. Thank you for joining us. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Group, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
