 
 
 
CIN: L55101WB1949PLC017981 
        Corporate Office: 7, Sham Nath Marg, Delhi – 110 054, India/ Telephone:  +91 - 11- 2389 0505 /  
Website:www.eihltd.com, Email: isdho@oberoigroup.com 
Registered Office: N-806-A, 8th Floor, Diamond Heritage Building, 16, Strand Road, Fairley Place, Kolkata - 700001 
 
                                                                                                                     13th August 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Meet / Call held on 8th August 2025  
 
 
Dear Sirs / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), we hereby submit transcript of the Investor Meet/Call 
held on 8th August 2025, in respect of unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter ended 30th June 2025, which were considered and approved by the Board of Directors 
of the Company, at its Meeting held on 5th August 2025. 
 
The above may please be taken on record. 
 
Thank you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For EIH Limited 
 
 
Lalit Kumar Sharma 
Company Secretary 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra(E) 
Mumbai –  400051 
Code: EIHOTEL 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001 
Code: 500840 
LALIT 
KUMAR 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
LALIT KUMAR 
SHARMA 
Date: 2025.08.13 
16:17:30 +05'30'

 
TRANSCRIPT 
 
Q1FY26 Result Webinar 
of 
 
 
 
on Friday, August 8, 2025 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi, MD & CEO 
Mr. Vineet Kapur, CFO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Navin B. Agrawal | Head, Institutional Equities 
+91 98200 27446 | navin.agrawal@skpsecurities.com 
 
 
 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
2 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for attending this virtual meeting. I'm pleased to 
welcome you on behalf of EIH Limited and SKP Securities to EIH Limited's Q1-FY26 Earnings 
Webinar. We have with us Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, and Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO.  
Friends, this virtual meeting has been recorded for compliance reasons, and during the discussion, there 
may be certain forward-looking statements. These must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. We'll have the opening remarks from Mr. Oberoi, followed by a presentation, and then 
a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Vikram. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you so much. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and a warm welcome. We just had our Q1 
results, and unfortunately, the hospitality industry, and we're no exception to that, was impacted by 
Operation Sindoor, the tension between India and Pakistan, and also the geopolitical developments, in 
particular, between the US, Iran, and Israel. But despite those ruffles, we had a strong EBITDA 
performance for Q1. It would have been better had it not been for that. 
What we see overall in Q1 is still strong demand over the previous quarter of last year, and we, again, 
remain optimistic. One of the things that I've been mentioning for some time is our endeavor to drive 
ARR, and that obviously is easier when you have strong demand. Typically, in the summer months, our 
industry does face a softening in demand, but despite that, you'll see from the Investor Presentation that 
has been uploaded for you to review, we've been able to take average room rates up, and as a result, 
RevPAR is up as well. Our endeavor would be to continue to drive rates. One of the key advantages of 
driving ARR is that the flow through to EBITDA is much stronger than if it was just an increase in 
occupancy. 
We have world-class hotels in our country. We & our competitors have the finest hotels in the world, 
and certainly our approach is to drive ARR to reflect the quality of our hotels and the quality of service 
we offer. 
So with that, I'll pass it over to Vineet for a quick run through our presentation, and then we can open it 
up to questions and answers. Thank you very much. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you, Vikram, and good morning, everybody.  We'll start with the Indian hotel sector first. For the 
outlook perspective, we see a strong hotel demand coming through for the current year 2025, and the 
factors are already mentioned there on the growth drivers. A lot of factors driving that growth, but 
majorly coming a demographic shift of the Indian population with good increase in UHNI base, as well 
as forecast for inbound tourism to grow by 15% in the current year. 
If we look at the Indian hotel market, especially for Q1-26, we got impacted, in the 1st Quarter because 
of Operation Sindoor and the geopolitical situations in the Middle East. In spite of that, we saw passenger 
traffic increase by 4.4% on a year-over-year basis. That reflected also with a good buoyancy in ARR. 
On ARR we saw an increase of 9-11%, though on the occupancy, it was more or less flat. We saw an 
increase of 11-13% on RevPAR versus last year. From a management perspective, we expect the demand 
for high-end luxury to grow and become more prominent on the luxury side. And with our portfolio of 
luxury hotels, we feel we are in a good position to get the maximum benefit of India's evolving 
opportunities. Considering that, we are focused on our local domestic market, as well as international 
destinations. We have a strong expansion strategy with 25 new properties, mainly focused in India, but 
to be operational by 2030.  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
3 
 
Coming to operational performance, EIH consistently has maintained leadership versus the competition. 
We continue to lead in most of the areas, including occupancy. We have maintained overall 20% lead 
over the competition, over the years, though, that has been cyclical, basis the market demand and  cycles. 
On average, we have maintained 20% leadership over the competition on the RGI front. Looking at MPI, 
we are higher by roughly 6% and we compare that three years back in June 2022, we have seen increase 
in occupancy, on ARR, there has been some drop, but overall, a strong leadership on the RevPAR side. 
Continuing on the RevPAR movement, it's the same cyclical trends, what we see every year. Important  
to note here would be the base. From INR 9,811 in Q1 last year, we are at INR 11,350 this year, which 
is a growth of 16% year over year, on RevPAR. And we continue to see this base increasing year over 
year.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Vineet, can I just add one thing. The RevPAR growth in Q1 of this year versus Q1 of last year, we see… 
as you know, foreign travel to India declines come April or middle of April onwards. And despite that, 
we have been able to take up our rates. And our endeavor will be, during the winter months, to drive that 
even further, supported by foreign travel into India.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Coming on the next slide, which is the RevPAR growth by industry and by hotels. Industry growth was 
up at 12% in Q1. Our owned and managed hotels grew @ 16% which was a little higher than the industry 
growth. Oberoi Hotels continues to lead the pack with a growth of 21% on a RevPAR basis over last 
year. 
The next slide shows the occupancy and ARR trends for Q1. We started the year pretty strong in April 
at 77%. But we saw a dip happening in May, impacted by Operation Sindoor, as well as the geopolitical 
situation in the Middle East. That has picked up a little in June, and we hope to see that trend changing 
in the current quarter. Overall, in spite of occupancy being flat, we saw a healthy growth on ARR every 
month. On a net basis, if we look at the overall quarter, we were almost flat at 70%, on occupancy but a 
good increase in ARR which is at 18% growth. 
If we look at the same data for EIH owned hotels, we saw a dip in occupancy, and the dip was more 
prominent in the month of May, especially impacting our hotels in the northern region of India. Overall, 
there was an occupancy dip from 77% to 73%. In spite of the occupancy drop, we were able to maintain  
ARR and were able to grow versus last year.  
If we look at growth by city in our hotels, including managed hotels, we saw healthy trends, except what 
you see in Shimla and Chandigarh, which were basically impacted by Operation Sindoor, where the 
travel to the northern part of India was restricted. At the same time, we saw increase in RevPAR in Jaipur 
and Ranthambore. In Hyderabad we saw a high increase due to one-time event of hosting the Miss World 
event, which took place in Trident, Hyderabad.  
On the international front, we saw healthy increase. This was due to good performance by our hotels in 
Mauritius, Egypt, as well as in Marrakesh. Egypt and Marrakesh, were better mainly due to lower 
occupancy last year on account of Israel and Palestinian conflict,  
On the room revenue tailwinds, more or less in the same lines, nothing dramatic for any particular 
segment. We saw an impact on corporate segment where we are seeing a little drop in base in Q1, versus 
our last two to three years average. But otherwise, all the segments are showing the same trend as last 
year. 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
4 
 
Coming to the Quarter 1 financials, we'll start with standalone performance. For Q1 FY26, we recorded 
highest revenue in Q1 in the last 6 to 7 years. Even in last four years, we had the highest revenue in Q1, 
and EBITDA. PAT was not in the same line, and that was because of one-time impact. We have taken 
110 crores impact in our financials due to Mashobra and due to that, PAT was on the lower side at 36 
crores for the quarter. 
If we look at consolidated performance, on the revenue and EBITDA, we had the highest ever revenue 
and EBITDA for the quarter. PAT was lower due to Mashobra impact of 110 crores. 
On the funds position, we continue to add to our funds. This gives us a very healthy liquidity to push 
our long-term growth plans to support in the coming years.  
Coming on the financials in detail. At consolidated level, overall revenue grew by 9% while expenditure 
grew by 6% , which resulted in a higher drop-through at EBITDA. EBITDA% for the quarter was 32% 
versus 30% last year. On operational side, good performance, but at the same time, we got impacted by 
Mashobra, due to the court judgment which came in the month of June. It resulted in an impact of INR 
110 Cr on PAT due to which PAT was down 62%. 
At standalone performance, good growth of 15% and this is in spite of the fact that we didn’t have Oberoi 
Grand and Oberoi Airport Services in the last quarter. On the expenditure side, the growth is lower than 
the revenue growth, which has helped us to increase the EBITDA drop-through and a growth of 28% 
versus last year. On EBITDA percentage, we have gone from 30% to 34% as of Q1 FY26. On PAT, we 
were down versus last year due to exceptional item of Mashobra of 110 crores. 
On the awards and accolades, there is the list of awards which Oberoi Hotels has won. We continue to 
lead in the luxury segment and also are getting good awards from different authorities. We got the Best 
Hotel Group award from Telegraph Travel Awards. We were ranked No. 2 among the Best Hotel Brands 
in the World by Travel + Leisure, USA. The list goes on and if I look at the next sheet, our restaurants 
also were awarded to be the best in their own categories.  
On expansion plans, we continue to drive a very healthy pipeline on the hotels. We just recently signed 
four hotels which are going to be managed. List of new hotels pipeline is 25 with 2,033 keys spread out 
across domestic and international, mainly in domestic. Number of keys in the domestic front would be 
1,750 keys out 2,033 in total. Out of the 25 properties, we will be owning 8 and managing 17.  
Next slide is the business footprint across national and international for Oberoi as well as Trident. Total 
number of keys in India is roughly 3,700. At the same time, 408 keys in international locations. 
I am through with my set of slides. Back to you, Navin.  
Question & Answer Session: 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks Vineet. Thanks Vikram. Friends, we open the floor for the Q&A session now. Anyone wishing 
to ask a question, request you to please raise your hand.  
We will take the first question from Abhishek. Abhishek, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Yeah. Hi, good morning. I have two set of questions. One is regarding the RevPAR. So basically, what 
I have observed that the average RevPAR which is given across the industry and for EIH, should be 
including the F&B revenue as well, right? Otherwise, the math doesn't add up.  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
5 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
First of all, good morning Abhishek. The RevPAR is revenue per available room. It does not include 
F&B and other income.  
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Okay. So if we have to just do a math on the revenue for Q1 FY26 and if we try to take the RevPAR and 
multiply it with the number of available rooms into the occupancy ratio, say maybe an average, if it is 
70% or 75%, it should add up to… it adds up to the entire revenue. That's my question. It shouldn't add 
up to the entire revenue, right?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah. So I'm not sure what data you're seeing for others, but hospitality RevPAR very specifically, 
across our industry, refers to revenue per available room based on room revenue. It does not include 
food & beverage revenue and it doesn't include revenue from minor operating departments, and that's an 
industry-wide practice. But I'm not sure what data you're referring to for others. And if you want, we 
can certainly take this offline and better understand what data you're looking at to answer any further 
questions you have, if that's okay. But ours very clearly is revenue per available room, for room revenue 
only. That I can assure you. 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Okay. And another question is on the case for which we have taken an exceptional hit of 110 crores. 
What I understood earlier, is that we were to receive a substantial sum because we are surrendering the 
property back to them. But now in this particular quarter, we have taken a hit of 110 crores. So how do 
you see this going forward?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I don't want to make any statements on how I see this going forward. The 110 crore is based on the 
judgment of the court and accounting for that based on that. And if there may be questions, Vineet, can 
I just maybe hand it over to you to just give a summary of that 110 crore exceptional item for Wildflower 
for Mashobra  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
INR 110 crores actually constitutes of various elements. We have passed the accounting entries basis 
the court judgment. The 110 crores net impact on account of equity value, which we are not receiving 
based on the court judgment and also has an impact of 50% advance against equity, which we'd given 
to Mashobra. So that constitutes the 110 crores. 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
So I have also seen that we have written back the used fee of that amount to 86 crores. So, that we expect 
that we are not going to pay and we are not going to receive any sum beyond this, right? That's the thing 
to…  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
86 crores was the user fee what is being mentioned. This was the amount we were carrying in our books 
as provision in view of using the property. Considering that stand was not taken by the court, we have 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
6 
 
reversed the user fee which was payable to the State Government. So, net of all these impacts is 110 
crores.  
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Okay. So just another thing, now that the property is given back to the government, it’s very evident that 
there is going to be a hotel resort there, which is going to be managed by the hospitality players in India. 
So do you expect that going to our competitors, or you would expect that there's a chance of us getting 
it back?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
So we're managing the hotel currently, as you know, on behalf of the state government. And we will 
endeavor to… once the bidding process is announced and the criteria for bidders is disclosed, our 
endeavor will be to continue to operate the hotel on terms that are favorable and are a win-win for both 
the Mashobra Government or the Himachal Government and us. So that's our hope and our endeavor. 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Okay, thanks.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Abhishek.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thanks, Abhishek.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
We'll take the next question from Amit Agarwal. Amit, please unmute yourself and go ahead. Amit, 
please go ahead. There's a disturbance in your line, Amit.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, Amit, your voice is coming out muffled. We can't unfortunately hear you clearly. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Amit, may I request you to disconnect and join again and we'll take your question. Thank you. So 
meanwhile, we'll take the next question from Raghav Malik. Raghav, please unmute yourself and go 
ahead. Raghav, you're on.  
Mr. Raghav Malik – Participant: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, the first question 
was just a follow-up on the RevPAR question. So in your PPT, you've detailed that domestic RevPAR 
is higher about 16% and international is 22% higher, but consolidated revenue is about 9% higher. So, 
what is the gap between this RevPAR and revenue growth number, essentially?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
So, Raghav, the numbers what you're seeing on the RevPar is mainly of hotel. The things which impacted 
us on consolidated basis was, one was Mashobra, versus last year. Considering that we handed over the 
property on 31st March, we are no longer consolidating Mashobra in our numbers. So that is not there 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
7 
 
in our revenue year over year. At the same time, we also had an impact with Oberoi Grand, which is 
actually closed for renovation. We had Oberoi Grand operations last year, which we don't have now. On 
top of that, we also had Oberoi Airport Services in Mumbai, which was operational last year, but not in 
the current year. So due to these factors, one-to-one tie-up with RevPAR will not be possible with the 
revenue.  
Mr. Raghav Malik – Participant: 
Okay, understood. And for international hotels specifically, the RevPAR… I mean, the slide details that 
it is including the hotels that were impacted by the recent Middle East conflict. So what is the like-for-
like number then? On a non-like-for-like basis it is 22%. What is the number that would be, you know, 
ex the hotels that might have been impacted because of the conflict?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Raghav, actually, it's the other way around. What had happened last year was Marrakesh and Egypt, and 
to an extent Mauritius, were impacted by the Israel-Palestine conflict. Considering that has evened out,  
we have not seen the impact this year and has actually improved.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah. And if I could just add to that, Raghav. In Egypt, we've also made some changes in how we are 
operating, which has resulted in a sharp growth in Egypt. So one is external factors. But I think due to 
internal changes that we've made in positioning the hotel, that has also helped see a strong growth in 
revenue, and therefore, RevPAR as well, both in occupancy and in… well, not in rates so much, but in 
occupancy. We've seen a sharp increase in occupancy as a result of that. And in Mauritius also, we've 
seen an increase as in Marrakesh. So I think all of that has contributed to the increase you see in RevPAR 
for international.  
Mr. Raghav Malik – Participant: 
Okay, understood. Thank you, sir. And if I may just squeeze one last follow-up. I know you don't give 
guidance on the existing months, probably, or the existing new quarter, Q2. But in terms of just the trend, 
like occupancies halfway sort of caught up, I think in June, after the tepid season in May. So is there like 
a upward traction that we're seeing again in July and even August, maybe? Or is it like somewhat 
sustaining now at June levels, just occupancy for the portfolio?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, well, you know, in Q3 and Q4 in particular, we see a whole industry move up. And I don't want 
to make any forward statements. But the only thing that I'd like to highlight is some facts.  
First of all, Q1, despite all the issues that we faced as an industry in India, we were able to drive RevPAR, 
and our endeavor will be to do that in Q2, Q3 and Q4. And I think in Q3 and Q4, our endeavor will be 
to really maximize opportunity, given we anticipate strong increases in demand, which are customary 
every year.  
Mr. Raghav Malik – Participant: 
Okay, understood, sir. Thank you. I'll come back in queue.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Great, Raghav. Thank you. Please call me Vikram, Raghav. I'd feel much more comfortable.  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
8 
 
Mr. Raghav Malik – Participant: 
Thank you. Thank you, Vikram.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Okay, thanks so much. Thank you. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
We have a question from Amit Agarwal. Amit, please unmute yourself and go ahead. Amit? Yeah, you 
need to unmute yourself and ask your question. Please go ahead. Yes, he's still facing some issues.  
We'll take the question from Vaibhav Dinesh. Vaibhav, please go ahead. Please unmute yourself and go 
ahead.  
Mr. Vaibhav Dinesh – Participant: 
Hi, Vikram. Hi, Vineet. First of all, congratulations on a strong set of numbers, despite all the challenges. 
Firstly, on your performance in owned hotels versus your own domestic owned and managed hotels. So, 
occupancy impact in owned hotels seems higher, while ARR growth is much better in the owned hotels 
compared to domestic, including managed hotels. So is there strategic shift that we are targeting in our 
owned hotels where the focus is on commanding higher ARRs, even at the expense of occupancy going 
forward? Is it a strategic shift?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Good afternoon, Vaibhav. No, actually, our endeavor is to maximize rates across our hotels. That, of 
course, is subject to demand; just applying the simple principles of supply and demand. A lot of our city 
hotels are EIH-owned hotels. And although, for example, Delhi had a significant impact, Bangalore had 
a significant impact because of the political tensions, we were still running strong occupancies in the 
month of April. And by reducing rate, we didn't feel we would stimulate additional demand, because I 
think it was a crisis beyond our control, and people will choose to travel and not travel, safety and 
concerns would come first. So we saw a decline in demand, really in pace of reservations and 
cancellations, particularly as a result of Sindoor.  
But our city hotels have run high occupancies, both in summer and in winter. And the differential isn't 
that much, because business travel still happens, whereas our leisure hotels, we really see sharp declines 
in foreign travel to our leisure hotels in the summer months. And therefore, your ability to drive rate in 
leisure hotels, when demand tapers off, is lower. And that’s really it. But our endeavor is to drive rate 
when demand is strong across every single hotel. And in fact, our leisure hotels offer a level of product 
and service, which is unmatched at global standards, and therefore, operate at much higher rates. Our 
leisure hotels operate well over INR 50K ARR, in fact, touching 60K and beyond in the winter months, 
averaging, in the 50s, if you look at year round. So, they command much higher rates than our city hotels, 
particularly in the winter months.  
Mr. Vaibhav Dinesh – Participant: 
Got it, sir. My second question was on your pipeline. So I can see there are some delays that have 
happened quarte-on-quarter. Mainly, I can see the Oberoi Dahabeya 1 and 2, which was supposed to be 
operational in 2025, is now postponed to 2026. Similar is the case for the Nepal property and few others. 
So, what was the reason behind this?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
9 
 
So, these hotels are all managed hotels. And, although we work very closely with our partners, if there 
is a delay, our influence over those on the timelines, because these are managed hotels, is not as much 
as hotels that we own or have a significant equity interest in. So, it's nothing more than that. Our endeavor 
is to work with our partners, be sensitive to their needs, support them the best we can, and open the hotel 
as soon as possible.  
Mr. Vaibhav Dinesh – Participant: 
So, I can presume that there is no impact on our own properties' expansion plans?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
No, that is correct.  
Mr. Vaibhav Dinesh – Participant: 
Perfect. Just, if I may ask the last question, on the impact of closure of Oberoi Grand and Wildflower 
Hall. So, what kind of impact was there because of the closure of these two properties? Along with that, 
what was the impact of closing the airport lounge business? And also, if you can share the revenue 
numbers for OFS and others.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
So, I don't know if we share numbers. Vineet, you just want to take that question? I don't think we 
disclose numbers for OFS and OAS.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Overall, I will not be able to share anything on the profitability, but on the revenue side, I can just give 
you an indication. On the Oberoi Grand, between Q1 of this year and last year, we had an impact of 22 
crores, on Oberoi Airport Services, the impact was roughly 28 crores.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
And that was more than offset by OFS, subsequently. So, that I can assure you. 
Mr. Vaibhav Dinesh – Participant: 
Got it. And about Wildflower Hall?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Wildflower would have been approximately the same, because last year we were consolidating. On 
revenue front, there was no impact. 
Mr. Vaibhav Dinesh – Participant: 
Oh, got it. Perfect, sir. That's it from my side, and all the best. Thank you.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you so much.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
The next question is from Vaishnavi. Vaishnavi, please unmute yourself and go ahead.  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
10 
 
Ms. Vaishnavi – Participant: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you for taking my question. I just have one question from my end. This is 
regarding the exceptional items. Do we see any other future exceptional items to be recorded from the 
Himachal property, or the current one is the final one?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I would say the current one is the final one. We should not see any more exceptional items coming from 
Himachal, from Wildflower.  
Ms. Vaishnavi – Participant: 
Thank you, sir.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you, Vaishnavi. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Vaishnavi. We will take the next question from Amit Agarwal. Amit, please go ahead. Please 
unmute yourself and go ahead. Amit, you need to unmute yourself. Yes, please go ahead. Amit is still 
facing a problem with his connectivity.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Perhaps Amit could maybe type his question in.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Amit, can you please post your question on the Q&A board, and I'll read it out.  
The next question is from Amit Kadam. Amit, please go ahead. 
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 
Yeah, hi. Hi, Vikram. So, my question is, I just want to go back to the fact when we had shared this 
Vision 2030, where we had shared that we want to double our room count, and that we had seen a series 
of some activities and actions regarding. Whereas now, if I look at the pipeline, what we have shared till 
almost 2030, it gives me just an indication of 2,000-odd rooms. On a current setting, there's more than 
4,000-odd. So, how do I see this thing? How do I reconcile our two-year back Vision 2030 and the 
current pipeline? Do we have to materially scale up our managed rooms’ efforts so that we’ll at least be 
closer to that thing? Because on 4,000, we were assuming 4,000 kind of additional. We are ballpark in 
the range of 2,000. So, we need to bridge the gap of almost 2,000. So, what's the management’s view on 
this particular?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
No, great question, Amit. And all I can say is that all of us in the organization are single-mindedly 
focused on growth, whether that's through management contracts, through partnerships, etc. And, in just 
this last quarter, as you know, Vineet ran through the four hotels that we've announced, we continue to 
focus on this. It has our complete attention. And we hope that with that focus and with that attention, we 
will be able to drive further opportunities for growth for both, Oberoi and Trident.  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
11 
 
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 
So, we should certainly be optimistic about that particular thing, at least being closer to that particular 
vision, what we had mentioned? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, I mean, what I'm saying to you is that that is our vision. That is what we're going to work towards. 
And, it's very important for us to drive growth. And if you just see the announcements that we've made 
in the last 12 months, we've still got part of 2026 to go and 2027. So, there's still opportunity for 
considerable growth. At least I remain hopeful and optimistic. 
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 
Okay, nice to hear that. And second, just in the extension of this particular question, as a hotelier, and 
the things we have seen in the last three years, what are the challenges, new challenges, which have 
emerged in the last one or two years, which may not allow or would act as a deterrence to this particular 
vision? What I'm trying to indicate from here is that, we have seen like a couple of hoteliers saying that 
some clearances are getting delayed. And, in one of the recent comments from you only in today's call, 
we see that one of the hotels moved from ‘25 to ‘26. So, what are the challenges, be it regulatory, be it 
human resource, or be it some new greenfield land level thing? So, just wanted to hear from you, what 
are the challenges the current hoteliers have started seeing in the last one or two years because of the 
rapid expansion from all the hotel companies across India? Yeah, that's it.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
No, thanks, Amit. I don't know if there's anything that has changed substantially in the last one or two 
years. I think during COVID, and this is my personal view, is that I think we, as hoteliers or the hotel 
industry, were not kind to our colleagues. There were large layoffs of people. And this really pains me 
a lot. You know, as human beings, we should be supporting one another, at least people within our 
organization or within the companies that we work.  
And, as a result of that, you can look at admissions to hotel schools. There's enough published on this to 
see that positions were vacant or admissions were lower; positions remain vacant. So, one area of 
concern is, of course, people, and that's core to who we are and core to our business. We stand by our 
colleagues, we support our colleagues. And that is a very, very important value for our organization. But 
human resource is a challenge for the industry.  
What hasn't changed is the approvals, the delays as a result of that. Those things haven't changed in the 
last two years; they existed even before. And that can cause delays for hotel openings.  
Land is also another issue, securing land. Land values are very high. In city locations, you have to look 
at mixed-use developments. And, obviously, location is key to a hotel's success. I don't know if I've 
answered your question. I'm just trying to think if there's anything else.  
But let me talk about the positives, right? Let's not focus on the negatives. I think our economy is growing 
strongly. The ability to spend on high-end experiences and products is strong and growing rapidly. So, 
I think there are many, many positive things that are happening in our country, driven by strong 
economic growth, and these will continue into the future. So, I think there's a lot to  celebrate and we 
should just not focus on the negatives. Let's focus on how do we capitalize on the positives. And, at 
least, not worry about negatives that are beyond our control.  
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
12 
 
Fair enough. I'll just fall back in queue. I have a couple of more questions. I'll come back.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Okay, great. Thanks, Amit.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Friends, I request you to limit yourself to two questions because there are a lot of participants waiting in 
queue. We'll take the next question from Abhishek. Abhishek, please go ahead.  
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Yeah, hi. I just see there's a rental income from investment property in the Annual Report for FY25. 
What is that, and from what are we getting that money for?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
That rental income is mainly coming from Oberoi Centre, which is our building in Gurgaon.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
This is just to give you a little bit more detail. We have the Oberoi Centre, which is in Cyber City in 
Gurgaon. It's roughly about 110 sq. ft., and it's a seven-storey building. We occupy one of the floors, 
which is the top floor, and the others are leased out to various parties. One of our key tenants there is 
BMW that's taken multiple floors. 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Okay. And there's another, just a follow-up question on the flight business. Out of 2,700 crores of 
revenue, which we have booked for FY25, how much of that is from the flight services business?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I'll leave that to you, Vineet. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I'll give you the Q1 numbers. We had roughly 110 crores. That's the figure I can share, but nothing more 
than that.  
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
But for FY25 on a whole year basis?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
FY25… I can share the numbers separately. I don't remember the number, and I don't have that handy 
with me.  
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Just to understand, why are we not very transparent about revealing these numbers for this business? Is 
there a reason for it?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
13 
 
I don't think there's a reason for it. We'll certainly look at it, but at this point, we're not. And Vineet and 
I will have a chat about seeing how we can include that going forward. But what I will say is that the 
Oberoi Airport Services had very strong revenue and very strong flow through to EBITDA. And what I 
can also say to you is, despite that business closing with the lounge contract coming to an end, we've 
been able to offset that at an EBITDA level as well with the flight kitchen business. So, there's strong 
demand. Our focus is on international flights where margins are better, and the business is doing very 
well. But what we will look at is seeing whether we can give you or share with the market, details on 
that business. 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Yeah, sure. And another thing, if we want to connect with you offline… 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Abhishek… 
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
It's not a question. If we want to connect with you offline, how should we do that? Writing to the investor 
department, or how should we do that?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, I mean, maybe you can be in touch with Navin, and with Navin's help, we can do that. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Abhishek, my email ID and number are there on the invite. Maybe you can just drop me a mail, and I'll 
take it.  
Mr. Abhishek – Participant: 
Sure, sure. Thanks.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Before we take the next question from Sangeeta, may I just read out a couple of questions on the board?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Sure. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Amit, who's been trying to come on to ask his question, he says, just wanted to tell Mr. Vikram that last 
week I was in Lombok, and it's an amazing property. But my suggestion is that you need helicopter 
services as it is a remote island.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah. No, the hotel is a fantastic hotel, and Amit, I'm so glad you stayed with us. I hope we looked after 
you well, and you were happy with the service and the lovely people we have who work at that hotel. 
Touch wood, our guest feedback is very positive. I think with a helicopter service, if you have to 
underwrite that, it's a substantial commitment and a substantial risk. And therefore, it's something we 
haven't done. You can… there are regular flights from Bali and also from Kuala Lumpur and, I believe, 

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
14 
 
Singapore, perhaps now as well, to Lombok. So, access is a little bit easier than it was previously. And 
there's also a very convenient… in fact, what I normally do if I'm in Bali is I take the… there's a ferry 
crossing. It's a high… it's like a large boat, which is very comfortable and takes you from Bali to Lombok 
in about two and a half hours, and it's quite a nice experience as well. So, there are many ways to get to 
Lombok. We'd be hesitant to look at a helicopter service because I think there's a risk associated with 
that, and you need to underwrite it, which we wouldn't want to do. But the hotel is… I mean, right now 
the hotel is doing very strong occupancy. This is peak time for Bali and for Lombok, and touch wood, 
both hotels are doing very well.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vikram. Okay, here's his questions. My two questions are regarding the London property that 
we are coming up, with boutique properties. Do we own the land? And are there any restaurants and 
shops coming there along with the rooms?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, no. So, absolutely with the Mayfair Hotel, it's a 125-year lease from Grosvenor Estate. So, we 
don't own it, but it's on a very long-term lease of 125 years. And there will be a restaurant, and absolutely, 
a bar, and nice common spaces for our guests as well at Mayfair London.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
And the second question is that we're doing a lot of managed deals. Are they for a particular period, or 
the contracts are for an infinite period?  
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Contracts for hotels are never for an infinite period; they are for a specific number of years. And these 
are varied, you know, from 20 years upwards. And there's also typically, in hotel contracts, renewal 
clauses for another 10 or 20 years. So, these are very long-term contracts. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vikram.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
And I'm talking about the industry in general, and we are no exception to that.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Okay, question from Anshul Chaurasia. As a hotelier, what is the targeted IRR for acquiring a new 
property? And whether it's a Greenfield or a Brownfield project?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Can we… I don't know if we can… do we disclose? I mean, I have no issue looking at our internal 
benchmarks, but I don't know if Vineet might share that.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
His question is on ARR, right?  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
15 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
No, no, IRR.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Of course, I would say we have a benchmark. Considering, we have to take into consideration the return 
on equity for the shareholders, as well as look at the debt levels which the company can afford. It's a 
decent double-digit IRR which we look for, but I'll not be able to give you the specifics. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
But may I just say one thing which may give you some comfort is, that we have internal benchmarks 
that we strictly follow on IRR, and in terms of enterprise value as well. And it's something that we… 
when we do our projections, whether it's for an owned or managed hotel, even for managed hotels, we 
always run the numbers of how we feel we can perform. And we do that with honesty and integrity with 
our partners. So, we really present what we believe is a true and fair picture. And we tend to be 
conservative.  
I'll give you an example. I won't mention the hotel. But us, when we did a study and shared the numbers 
for occupancy ARR, etc., and P&L… let me not even, because it was really on revenue side, on the cost 
sides, we're reasonably efficient. It was substantially lower than what was subsequently shared by a 
consultant. So, we are conservative with our projections. We make a commitment to our partners, and 
we want to not only meet those projections, but exceed those. And that will hold us in good stead in 
terms of building a strong foundation of trust and a strong relationship with our partners. We don't want 
to ever be in a position where we let people down.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vikram. We'll take the next question from Rupam Jaiswal. What's your view on upper luxury 
segment, and how do they trend in terms of ARR and occupancy? And does international travel lead 
there? Is this bound to see exceptional growth in future, and where are we placed?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah. So, we've seen, if you look at… let's take a 15-year horizon. We've seen a dramatic change in the 
contribution of our Indian guests to overall revenue. And I'm now specifically talking about leisure since 
the question was at leisure, but this applies to all our hotels. And we remain very optimistic that, that 
trend is going to not only continue, but increase at a more… even a greater pace, a more rapid pace of 
growth, just given what's happening in our country. So, that's the first point. 
The second point is, that international travel and international guests staying at our hotels, they're not 
the… our Indian guest is the single largest segment, followed by the US and the UK, and it's a very, very 
important segment for us. I know you'll be familiar with figures released by the government on growth 
of international travel to India. And I think we'll all benefit, the industry will benefit if we achieve those 
targets. And our country, of course, will benefit if we achieve those targets. So, I think we should really 
see how we can work in partnership with the government, both at a Central and State level, to drive our 
foreign visitors to our country. It brings in foreign exchange. It also creates ambassadors to our country. 
And I'm sure, that translates into business opportunity as well. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vikram. We'll take the last question on the Q&A board before we get back to the Question & 
Answer forum. What is the occupancy for full year FY25 at consolidated level?  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
16 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I think it was, I feel like saying 78%, but just give us one moment.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
This was from Vineet Bajaj. Vineet, just hang on for a second.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
For EIH hotels, mainly for EIH hotels in India, we were running occupancy for the full year at 80.7% 
last year.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vineet. Okay, friends, we are in the last 10 minutes of the webinar. So, request you to limit 
yourself to just one question and make it short. Thank you.  
We'll take the question from Sangeeta. Sangeeta, please unmute yourself and go ahead. Sangeeta, you 
need to unmute yourself.  
We'll take the next question from Rajiv Bharti. Rajiv, please unmute yourself and go ahead.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Yeah, hi. Good morning, sir. So, I have three questions, actually. So, one thing is actually CapEx part 
of it. Now, when I see the schedule versus, let's say, Q2 FY23 of various projects you have given, then 
out of the, let's say, ‘21, and now they're scaled to ‘25, 14 are delayed by close to a year, and four are 
delayed by close to three years. So, this is in terms of timelines which we are giving, how confident are 
we that these will be met? And, in that way, very happy to see that the Gir is back in the fold again.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you. Like I mentioned, our endeavor with hotels where either, it's owned by EIH or has substantial 
equity, we meet the timelines that we set. That's important for us. Sometimes that's not always the case, 
and I don't know if I can get into specifics to just give examples. Maybe I shouldn't. Because I can think 
of one EIH associated hotel where there's been a delay as a result of some land-related issues. But we've 
now solved those, and we're pressing on with that.  
With managed hotels, like I mentioned earlier, we have far less control. And Diriyah, for example, is 
one of those where there's been a delay. We're opening the first hotel in Diriyah next year, but there was 
also a second hotel which has been delayed, and that is really beyond our control. It's a Diriyah Gate 
project, and there have been delays or deferment of certain… or certainly of our hotel. And so, that's 
really what I have to say. 
In summary, for our owned hotels, our endeavor is to meet the timelines we set. And sometimes, there 
are things beyond our control. And, as an example, one specific land-related issue with our partners, if 
there are delays, we see how best to work with them to meet the earliest possible timelines for opening 
the hotel. 
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Sure, sir. So, regarding EIH International, when we are seeing this last four-quarter performance, we 
have seen 20% RevPAR growth. But when I compare the annual numbers, they have moved up, I think, 
by 3%, 4%. So, what is the seasonality in H1, H2 in this business?  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
17 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
In fact, in places like Indonesia, the Q2 of our financial year and Q3 are strong, because they have their 
rainy season that starts in November, if I'm not mistaken. So, it's, in fact, in many ways, opposite to ours. 
Egypt, on the other hand, is, again, occupancies pick up in the winter months, similar to India, because 
it's very hot. Marrakesh is also similar, because summers tend to be hot there. So, winters are typically 
periods of higher occupancy. And Mauritius, its seasons are reversed. So, again, summer months are 
better in Mauritius. Sorry, their summer months are better, which is our winter, because it's a reverse 
season. So, it really is a mixed bag, to answer your question. 
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Lastly, Oberoi Hyderabad, is it a conversion, or this is a greenfield asset?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
It's a greenfield.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
That's all from my side. Thanks.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you very much. Thanks, Rajiv.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Navin, you're on mute.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Vineet, how much time do we have? Because there are some questions on the Q&A board, some 
participants lined up.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I have a meeting at 12:00, Navin, but I can… I mean, if I'm five, as long as I'm not too late. So, maybe 
a few more minutes, or we can also ask people to send their questions through. I’ll leave it to you.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
There are all follow-up questions from Vaibhav, Raghav, and Amit. Guys, request you to send me your 
questions, and I'll forward them to the management, because Vikram's already running late for his 
commitments. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I'm really sorry, Navin. Maybe next time I'll set an hour and a half aside. I'm sorry.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
So, friends, may I hand over the floor to Vikram and Vineet for their closing remarks before we wind 
up, please. And just one second, I'm sharing my email ID, so any follow-up or unanswered questions, 
request you to write them to me and take them up. Yeah, Vikram, please go ahead.  

 Q1FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
18 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Navin, I don't have much to add to whatever I've already said and the questions that I've answered. If I 
were to give an overall perspective, I still am optimistic about the India story. I think EIH will benefit 
from that. And we continue to work in the premium segment, which we believe is a segment that has 
tremendous opportunity in our country. We continue to drive ARR to the best of our ability.  
So, yeah, we remain optimistic. In any business, you have ups and downs, and what happened in the 
month of May that extended into June, had an impact on all of us. So, those risks always do exist.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
And I would like to add that we continue to drive our vision 2030. And we are working on that goal, but 
I would say we are focused to deliver what was committed two years back.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
On behalf of SKP Securities, thank you very much, Mr. Oberoi and Mr. Kapur, for taking time out to 
patiently answer all the queries. And we look forward to hosting you again in the next quarter. Thank 
you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thanks, Navin. Thank you very much, everyone.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Bye-bye. Thank you.  
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
 
 
