Hitachi Energy India Limited
Registered and Corporate Office:
8th Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401,
Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru - 560 092
Phone: 080 68473700
CIN: L31904KA2019PLC121597
hitachienergy.com/in
August 06, 2025
The Secretary,
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543187
The Manager,
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
‘Exchange Plaza’, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol: POWERINDIA
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on July 30, 2025
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the
Analysts/Investors 
on 
Wednesday, 
July 
30, 
2025 
and 
the 
same 
can 
be 
accessed 
at
https://www.hitachienergy.com/in/en/investor-relations/analyst-section.
Kindly take the same on your records.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
For Hitachi Energy India Limited
Poovanna Ammatanda
General Counsel and Company Secretary
Encl.: as above
HITACHI 
Ammatanda 
Chinnappa 
Poovanna
Digitally signed by 
Ammatanda 
Chinnappa Poovanna 
Date: 2025.08.06 
14:01:23 +05'30'

Public
1/26
Hitachi Energy India Limited Q1 FY26
Analyst Conference Call – July 30, 2025
MANAGEMENT:
Mr. N Venu – Managing Director & CEO, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Mr. Ajay Singh – Chief Financial Officer, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Mr. Poovanna Ammatanda - General Counsel & Company Secretary,
Hitachi Energy India Limited
Ms. Seema Siddiqui – Head of Communications, Hitachi Energy India
Limited 
HITACHI 

2/26
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Hitachi Energy
India Limited Q1 FY '26 Analyst Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in a listen-only mode. And
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “ * ” then “0” on
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. N. Venu – MD and CEO, Hitachi
Energy India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Venu.
N. Venu:
Thank you, Nirav. Good evening, everybody. Thank you for joining us
for the analyst conference call today. I hope you are all doing well.
Today, we announced our results for the 1st Quarter of the Financial
Year 25-26. And over the next 20-25 minutes, together with my
colleague, I will take you through our performance from April 1 to
June 30, 2025. And for your convenience, I will read out the slide
numbers, and we have already uploaded the slide deck to the stock
exchange.
Today, I am joined in the room by our CFO, Ajay Singh, the General
Counsel and Company Secretary, Poovanna Ammatanda, and our Head
of Communications and Government Relations, Seema Siddiqui.
Throughout the last fiscal, our focus was on balancing operational
complexity and efficiency, which helped us continue to achieve a strong
order intake, resulting in a record order backlog in the 1st Quarter of
FY '25-'26. Despite a volatile geopolitical scenario, the Indian economy
remains one of the fastest-growing economies. The same will positively
impact several ongoing energy initiatives, further strengthening the
country's energy ecosystem.
I move to Slide #3. At Hitachi Energy, you all know by this time, we
continue to emphasize the importance of safety, integrity, and quality in
our day-to-day operations. These are what we call our license to
HITACHI 

3/26
operate and we never look the other way when we have to deal with
them. And they are very key pillars of our work ethic.
In the 1st Quarter of the financial year, the focus on safety continued
towards keeping the incident frequency rate within the defined corridor
by learning from global incidents and also taking timely prevention
actions across our sites. It's always heartening to see one's work getting
recognized on our safety efforts. During the quarter, our teams from
different businesses received several appreciation letters and awards
from our discerning customers. Employees are our strength and their
physical and mental well-being is one of the utmost importance for us.
This quarter, we organized several initiatives, including multiple
awareness sessions on key health topics such as health screening, first-
aid training, mental health discussions, programs, etc., Also,
International Yoga Day was observed across our offices and facilities
with a large number of employees participating in specially-designed
modules for their areas of operations.
Moving to the next slide, Slide #4. At Hitachi Energy, our purpose is to
inspire the next era of sustainable energy by making the world's energy
system more sustainable, secure, resilient and affordable.
While we march forward to our purpose, the Company also ensures that
it practices sustainable measures in the three key aspects, that is planet,
people, and principles. Under planet, we have reduced CO2 emissions
by 84% and waste by 69%, respectively, in our own operations
compared to the base year of 2019. The Company continues its efforts
to reduce freshwater consumption to 25% from 18% in the last financial
year. We have already achieved the 100% mark of using electricity from
renewable sources in all our operations throughout our sites. When it
comes to our people, our focus persists on safety and diversity. We are
committed to zero harm and fatality-free and maintain a healthy mix of
diversity in our work ecosystem. For principles, the aim is always for
zero incidents pertaining to integrity.
HITACHI 

4/26
I will move to Slide #5. And I am sure on the left-hand side, you know
more than me, but still, I would like to touch upon a couple of points on
this. Indian economy remains one of the fastest-growing economies,
reflecting the country's resilience and policy-driven growth, today,
making it the fourth largest economy in the world. The country is
experiencing positive economic indicators. Inflation has cooled down to
a six-year low of 2.1% in June 2025, along with a surge in total exports
and FDI. Though uncertainty looms over U.S. tariffs, we expect more
clarity in the coming weeks to ascertain the impact in India and also for
our business. Steady economic growth continues to have a positive rub-
off on the manufacturing segment as the PMI stood at a 14-month high
in June 2025 at 58.4.
The scheduled investments in growth segments like renewable, data
centers and metro rail remain on track. For the NEP(National Energy
Plan), the market report suggests that in the next two years, spending
of over Rs. 1 lakh crores on the interstate transmission system network
to meet 2027 NEP target. Furthermore, the focus on DISCOM
upgradation and modernization continues. Uttar Pradesh, one of the
largest states in India, is looking to privatize two of its four power
distribution companies, which is a positive step in the right direction.
I will move to the next slide, Slide #6. This quarter, ending June 30,
2025, our orders totaled all-time high of Rs. 11,339.2 crores and
revenue stood at Rs. 1,529.8 crores, growing 365% on orders and 15.3%
on the revenue on a year-on-year basis. Effective execution of high-
margin orders, sustained operational excellence and a good product
mix helped to achieve a high year-on-year growth in profit before tax
and profit after tax.
Some of the key orders for this quarter include an order from
POWERGRID to supply 30 units of 765 kV, 500 MVA single-phase
transformers and also the renewable solar 400 kV GIS and industries
220 kV/33 kV GIS and semiconductor manufacturing factories in
Chennai. Rail, several transformers, Scott transformers, several
automation CRP SCADA projects and also service upgrade projects.
HITACHI 

5/26
And all this in addition to our HVDC project, which we already
announced previously.
Moving to Slide #7. I think this is the one which you know we have
announced this Bhadla-Fatehpur HVDC project in this quarter from
Adani Energy Solutions, which is awarded to the consortium of Hitachi
Energy India and BHEL, which is a 6,000 megawatt of 800 kV bi-pole,
bidirectional HVDC project over a distance of 950 kilometers from
Bhadla in Rajasthan to Fatehpur and scope includes to provide
converter transformer, AC/DC control protection, thyristor valve, 765
kV/400 kV grid connections and auxiliary systems, etc.
If we move to Slide #8. At Hitachi Energy, we have encouraged
knowledge exchange across industry stakeholders. To this end, we
have organized technical seminars for esteemed customers across
geographical boundaries. The sessions focused on the advanced
features and benefits of our Hairpin TypeDead Tank CT and
maintenance-free springless isolators and EconiQ solutions. The
sessions were attended by domestic utilities and national utilities of
neighboring countries, rail segment customers and also the new age
customers, to name a few. In our keenness to level up our services, we
have received two industry recognitions for consistent quality
improvements. Our teams won the Gold Award at QCFI Convention
2025 for Transformers and CII's 52nd Kaizen Competition 2025 for Grid
Automation.
I am also happy to inform you that we expanded our women in
engineering program by welcoming a new batch of students from
Gujarat. Also, as part of our commitment to education, we have
undertaken the task of upgrading two government schools in Vadodara
with smart classes. We continue to encourage our employees to
participate and represent the Company on various platforms. During this
quarter, two of our women colleagues represented Hitachi Energy as a
key speakers at the IEEE Power & Energy Societies and IEEE Asia 2025
events. And the Company, Hitachi Energy India, is a key contributor to
the National Energy Policy through India Energy Stack.
HITACHI 

6/26
Moving to Slide #9. As a pioneering technology leader, we remain
steadfast in our commitment to strengthening the nation's energy
security through a range of impactful projects. This quarter, we
successfully commissioned some key projects, and I would like to take
a moment to highlight a few of them.
We commissioned 66 kV GIS transformer bay extension at Karala, Delhi,
for Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited; a 400/220 kV AIS substation
at Lapanga, Odisha, for Aditya Birla Aluminium Smelter; a 400 kV bay
extension in Odisha and installation in Chhattisgarh, respectively, for
OPTCL and BALCO. For all these commissioned projects, our teams
were responsible for designing, engineering, manufacturing, supplying,
erecting, testing and commissioning according to the defined scope of
work.
Moving to Slide #10 to provide some more color on the orders received
this quarter. In terms of the segment, the transmission continued to lead
the order book, followed by orders from the rail and metro and data
center. In the Q1 FY '25-'26, both transmission and rail metro
experienced a sharp growth of 625% and 845%, respectively. The data
center segment witnessed almost a cent percent growth and industry
growth is at 23%. However, there's a decline of 25% in renewable, wind
and solar, which we feel is a temporary phenomenon and it's a timing
issue .
The order mix is shown on the right in the graph. You can see the
projects have taken the lead. Of course, if you look at the order mix on
the right-hand side, this is without HVDC. If you do with HVDC, the
projects takes leap. But without HVDC scenario, the products continue
to be higher, followed by the projects and services in that.
Moving to the next slide, which is our further levers of our growth,
service and exports. Both services and exports remain consistent in this
year as part of the order book. And diverse geographies and industries
help sustain export momentum. Exports maintained consistently by
contributing nearly 25%, 24.7% etc., of order book that is without
considering the HVDC. This quarter, export orders were received from
HITACHI 

7/26
Europe, South America, and Asia, ranging from common apparatus and
devices, capacitors, filters, circuit breakers, grid automation, etc.
Service orders grew 90% year-on-year. This is also our first quarter after
we carved out our new service business, effective from 1st of April,
2025, and contributed a high single digit to the overall order book.
Some of the key service orders include SCADA upgrades, equipment
replacement and annual maintenance contracts. As you are aware, we
introduced our service business, which I have already told you. And
basically, the purpose of the service business unit is to intensify life cycle
engagement with our customers, not only utilities, but also industries
and the new age customers. All our business units(Bus3) are working
closely with the service business unit to maximize our reach.
I now go to Slide #12 and hand over to our CFO, Ajay, to take us through
this slide and the next slide. Over to you, Ajay.
Ajay Singh:
Thank you, Venu and good evening to all. Hope you are all doing well
at your end. So, let me take you through the Financial Performance for
Q1 '25-'26.
In this quarter ending 30th June, orders were Rs. 11,339 crores, up 365%
year-on-year. And this was primarily because of the large order of
Bhadla-Fatehpur HVDC order that we booked in this particular quarter.
And that is the result you see we closed the highest ever order backlog
of Rs. 29,135 crores, which provides a visibility of revenues for several
quarters. The Company delivered a strong revenue performance of
Rs. 15,029 crores, with 15.3% growth Y-on-Y. And this actually
happened from very good order execution during the quarter and
constant improvement on the overall operational efficiency.
Furthermore, our continuous focus on the effective execution of the
high-margin orders, sustained operational excellence and a good
product mix and also increased export momentum saw a phenomenal
Y-on-Y growth in the profit before tax (PBT)and profit after tax(PAT).
And if you see the PBT and PAT, PBT standing at Rs. 176.9 crores and
PAT we closed at Rs. 131.6 crores, respectively. If you see the
HITACHI 

8/26
operational EBITDA, operational EBITDA for the quarter stood at
Rs. 170.2 crores and this has resulted in a double-digit margin of 11.1%
for this particular quarter.
If you go to the next slide, let me see, a little bit dissect more on the
cost structure, how we fared. So, if you see for the three months ended
30 June, 2025 of the total income of Rs. 1,529.8 crores, the material
cost was 53.8%. So, in this particular quarter, as we discussed earlier,
there is a very good development on the gross margin, which has really
helped in the bottom-line development.
Personnel expenses were 9.5% and if I compare it with Y-on-Y of last
year, 9.2% fairly, I will say we are consistent. Other expenses, 22.7%.
Again, if I compare Y-o-Y, 23.6%, I will say it is consistent. In this
particular quarter, we had an exchange and commodity loss of
Rs. 9.4 crores. Depreciation Rs. 25 crores, basically, if you see there is
a slight increase, and this is mainly because of the capitalization for the
CAPEX projects that we are doing, continue doing that.
Finance cost is Rs. 4 crores, which has come down if I compare Y-o-Y
and majorly because we do not have any short-term borrowings in this
particular quarter. And that is how the development we see in this
particular quarter and we are able to close the PAT Rs. 131.6 crores of
8.6%.
So, with this, I hand over to Venu for the closing slide.
N. Venu:
Thank you, Ajay. And if I move to the slide, that is Slide #14, which are
our priorities for the coming quarters and the whole of financial year.
As we closed the 1st Quarter of this financial year, our focus remains on
the dual objectives of maintaining growth momentum and enhancing
overall efficiency in all spheres of our work. And maintaining our
leadership in core segments, renewable utilities, HVDC, industries,
infrastructure remains our key priority. We consistently endeavor to
harness potential opportunities in new segments like data center and
focused strategies to leverage opportunities in service, export and
digital segment.
HITACHI 

9/26
Furthermore, the focus will remain on strengthening the service
business in India. And the Company will continue to drive productivity
with an emphasis on operational excellence to improve productivity,
quality and opportunities under one Hitachi umbrella to leverage the
synergies, etc. On the business front, consolidated efforts will be made
to leverage the large order backlog for revenue accretion and margin
accretion and also focused strategy for the utilization of the capital
raised during the QIP to complete the expansion projects in line with
our time line, strategies, etc.
And with safety deeply embedded in our culture, our commitment to
fostering a strong safety-first work environment remains steadfast. At
the same time, we continue to invest in expanding our capabilities for
sustainable growth, whether through upskilling and cross-skilling our
workforce, or by strengthening our operational footprint to inspire the
next era of sustainable energy future. So, we are looking for long-term
strategy and long-term growth and sustainable strategy.
So, with this, I close my presentation and open the channel for
questions. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer
session. The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI
Securities. Please go ahead.
Mohit Kumar:
Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, what
was the value of ex-HVDC order in the quarter, if you can quantify? Or
can you give us the growth in the order ex-HVDC?
N. Venu:
Sorry, what is the second one?
Mohit Kumar:
Either you can give the value of ex-HVDC order or give us the growth
in the order ex-HVDC.
N. Venu:
No, we have also seen growth without HVDC. The growth without
HVDC is in the double-digit range, in the range of 20-plus percent in
that. As you know, similar projects are going on. So, we will not quantify
the exact value of HVDC, but you can guess what kind of number.
HITACHI 

10/26
Mohit Kumar:
Understood, sir. The second question is, sir, how has been the progress
on execution in the HVDC Bhadla-Fatehpur, which we won I think in
September / October '24.
N. Venu:
So, we also mentioned in the last thing that HVDC projects are pretty
long, multiyear projects. Our completion period is 48 months and 54
months. 48 months is we have to complete the bi-pole one and 54
months is a bi-pole two. So, execution will take place. And normally, in
the first year, I also told you the revenues are not much. So, we expect
some amount of revenue starting from the next financial year. And
thereafter, it will pick up. So, that's how the thing is.
Mohit Kumar:
Okay, understood sir. Thank you and all the best sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankit Pandey from Motilal
Oswal. Please go ahead.
Bhalchandra Shinde: Hi, sir. Bhalchandra Shinde from Motilal Oswal. Sir, regarding the
margin profile, I would like to know, when we compare it with our peers,
our peers have increased margins significantly. So, our margins though
have improved, but not to that extent. Sir, there is any possibility of
reaching to those margins or it will take us a time to revamp on those
kinds of margins?
N. Venu:
Yes. So, thank you, Ankit, for your question. As I said, we are building a
Company in a very long-term focus, not on a short-term basis. And we
also told you several times that our main focus is to address the
domestic market. We believe that the domestic market, the pipeline,
and the market visibility are very strong and they will continue to be
strong. That's the reason we are investing Rs. 2,000 crores of CAPEX,
which I am sure you have not seen this kind of CAPEX from others. So,
when I would like to compare, I would like to compare. So, we are
improving margins, and you have seen almost 650 basis points were
improved Y-on-Y on EBITDA basis and we continue to improve going
forward.
HITACHI 

11/26
Bhalchandra Shinde: And on the core order inflows-wise also, one should expect this kind of
a trajectory to continue? Where are we seeing good traction on the core
order perspective?
N. Venu:
See, if you really look at the overall orders, there are two aspects to
that. There's the HVDC portion and then the rest of the things, right?
The rest of the things we are talking about are renewable industries,
data centers, rail, etc. But this pipeline is extremely good. And HVDC,
you all know that. I have been saying in that to manage the network of
India, we need to have at least two to three HVDCs per year, at least in
a couple of years, at least a couple of years more.
Bhalchandra Shinde: Got it. Great. Sir, I will come back if I have any further questions.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura.
Please go ahead.
Umesh Raut:
Yes. Hi sir. Good evening. Sir, my first question is pertaining to the
translation of gross margins into EBITDA margins for this quarter. If I
look at it, despite achieving closer to 44% plus kind of gross margins,
our EBITDA margins are remaining in the range of about 10% to 11%.
And a larger part of that is also because of higher other expenses at
about 24% of sales. I believe our related party transactions, like royalty,
management fees and trademark fees, are also eating up closer to 8%
to 9% of sales within that other expenses. So, how do we kind of expect
these kinds of expenses to go down so that our margins can improve in
line with our peers?
N. Venu:
Yes. So, again, we have been saying this consistently on this, so we are
a technology Company so we need to really create technological
advantage and by paying a royalty and other things is absolutely
important because we are able to get technology as and when it is
available anywhere within Hitachi Energy globally. So, that will be there
in that. But we are looking at overall expenses. Once our revenue goes
up, probably some of the expenses are not percentage, some are
percentage, some are a fixed amount, which will be converted into the
HITACHI 

12/26
percentage in that. So, those things will be tapered out over a period of
time. Maybe, Ajay, you would like to add on this?
Ajay Singh:
Yes. Thank you for the question. If you normally see our Quarter 1 our
other expenses, that is the reason why I told you about the other
expenses on a Y-on-Y basis, more or less, it is consistent. But going
forward, once we develop on the revenues, some of the expenses
automatically get translated. And that is why if you see the same other
expenses we closed at the year-end, it was around 20%, so to say. So,
yes, we are working on the other expenses piece for sure. But overall,
at the end of the year, we will get a visibility on when we have the full
loaded revenue, we will be able to see that our other expenses are also
in line.
Umesh Raut:
Got it, sir. My second question is pertaining to HVDC project pipeline. I
believe there are three projects which are in the pipeline to be finalized
for FY '26. So, what is your view in terms of timeline for, one, Khavda
South Ulapada HVDC project? Second, Barmer-South Kalamb HVDC
project? And third, Leh-Ladakh HVDC project?
N. Venu:
Yes. I think what you talked about, the pipeline, is absolutely correct.
But if you are talking about our view on the finalization, right?
Umesh Raut:
Yes, sir, in terms of a rough cut approximate timeline for awarding?
N. Venu:
Talking about finalization, our view is that one project will be finalized
in this financial year, but there could also be a potential for the second
project to be finalized. So, it's basically one to two projects finalized in
this financial year on or before 31 March, 2026.
Umesh Raut:
Got it, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.
Parikshit Kandpal:
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a decent quarter. So, my first question is,
what is the total order book of the base orders ex of HVDC out of the
Rs. 29,000 crores?
HITACHI 

13/26
N. Venu:
Roughly in the range of you can take anywhere between 55% to 60%
is the HVDC, the rest is non-HVDC.
Parikshit Kandpal:
And out of that, how much is export and services?
N. Venu:
No, we do not split there how much is exports and service. Service is
just picking up, right? We do not split further on that. Again, do not look
at it every quarter whether the product or servicing. You have to look at
the whole portfolio, right? The whole portfolio for us includes the
projects, systems, services and software and also HVDC. Again, when
you say HVDC means the HVDC portion also has transformer, HVDC
portion also has GIS and high voltage, HVDC portion also has grid
automation. So, it is very difficult to segregate HVDC or not. The point
what probably you are looking at it, that's the reason I said 55% to 60%
is, how much will be executed in the next 18 months and how much will
be executed beyond 18 months.
Parikshit Kandpal:
Got it. And just on the total GPM, so now we have reported 44% on
gross profit margin. And there's no major contribution because HVDC
will start contributing maybe a year after from now. So, in the HVDC,
what kind of GPMs do we look at? I mean, will it be substantially lower
or will be in the similar range? So, what kind of dilution can happen on
the GPM from HVDC projects?
N. Venu:
We will not talk about our project level margin. All we have been saying
is that we have been building not today, over a period of time we have
been saying that we are looking at a very sustainable margins, double-
digit margins, and that's what we are in a road map. So, last year we
said when we entered, and we have entered much ahead of our own
target and then we are also starting the same strong way. It will be a
very solid performance going forward, in our own view.
Moderator:
We will move on to the next participant. Next question is from the line
of Renu Baid from IIFL Capital.
Renu Baid:
Hi. Good evening, team. I have a couple of questions. First, can you
share with us the update on the first HVDC which we had won with
Adani? How far are we from the formal completion of the project?
HITACHI 

14/26
Second, would you have any insights on the prospects for Leh HVDC?
As we hear that Hitachi apparently has not submitted the bids and
there's only one sole bidder for the project so far, so are we seeing the
Leh project moving ahead? Or any updates from your side if you would
have any on it?
N. Venu:
Yes. What was your first question? We have already given update in the
presentation, right?
Renu Baid:
No, not the current project, the Mumbai HVDC, we were executing for
Adani, which you bagged of Rs. 2,000 crores order.
N. Venu:
Yes, we may be around six months is the one where we are looking at
to commission that, six to nine months.
Renu Baid:
Okay. Sure. Second, any insights on what's the status for Leh HVDC
project which was under tender?
N. Venu:
Yes. Leh, as far as we are concerned, there have been a lot of
discussions taking place, what kind of technology, all those things. Still
it is in the discussion stage. So, I do not know about what is the latest,
but this is how it is going on that.
Renu Baid:
But in your view, do you think there is a probability that instead of the
project coming on the HVDC format, it may actually eventually turn out
to be an AC project?
N. Venu:
Anything is possible, Renu. I cannot say that. But the probability of that
AC transmission coming in that thing is very less, I would think so.
Renu Baid:
Yes, yes. And sir, lastly, while I know you do not comment individually
project-wise, but just trying to understand, the current quarter I think
gross profits have come back at pretty healthy levels compared to the
previous cycle. So, do you think this kind of gross profit performance of
almost 45% is sustainable given the current mix of backlog that we
have? Or it would be more of a combination impact for this particular
quarter alone? And one should not bake it into the expectations going
forward?
HITACHI 

15/26
N. Venu:
No, I think it is not only gross profit has come back, but also net profit
also came back. EBITDA level, we have improved 650 basis points
compared to the loss Y-on-Y. So, again, we will not comment on a
quarter. But what we are looking at on an overall basis, we said we are
looking at a very long-term strategy, mid- to long-term strategy and we
are continuously improving on our performance. So, we are also
investing on the future things. So, that also needs to be done if you
really want to look at it in a long-term fix. It is always between what you
take as short-term measures and long-term measures. So, we choose
short term measures.
Renu Baid:
Right, because some of these investments in technology capacity will
all be a part of other overheads, which was the reason why the question
was on material related things structurally?
N. Venu:
No, structurally, we are absolutely fine. Structurally, I do not see there
is an issue in that. As our volumes goes up, that's where the thing. Rest
of the things, as I told, some of our charges, which are fixed in nature
will convert into percentage. And as the volumes go up, it will come at
a low percentage in that. And that's what you are seeing that. And we
will improve; last year improved. And this year also, on an overall basis,
we will improve higher than last year.
Renu Baid:
Got it. And sir, lastly, anything specific that you would want to share in
terms of export pipeline? Any regions or markets where you are seeing
increasing traction with respect to order conversion for us?
N. Venu:
No, export pipeline is quite strong, quite robust. And as I said, we have
a three-fold export strategy. Again, exports also sustainable exports,
not that we want to go a spike and then come down, so that's not our
strategy. So, we have products for five / four products, which are global
products, we are improving on that. And then on top of that, we have
also allocated markets. So, we are getting more markets allocated, as
and when those markets are fructifying and we will put a lot of our
efforts to develop those markets in sustainable, just like how we
develop Indian market.
HITACHI 

16/26
The third one is that we have a very base export strategy, which is that
we create components for our feeder factory, and those things are also
very robust. Again, we do not want to increase exports at the cost of
the domestic market, which I have also said previously and we are
clarifying that. Our domestic pipeline is quite strong.
Renu Baid:
Okay. Thanks much and best wishes team. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from Alpha
Invesco. Please go ahead.
Rajesh Kothari:
Good evening, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. Rajesh Kothari from
AlfAccurate Advisors. Sir, I have one question with reference to the
export opportunity. And if I look at globally the statements what I am
reading in the top CEOs of the world, they all are hinting towards the
very large pipeline of the potential demand growth. So, how the Indian
Company is positioned to cater to such requirements? And since you
are looking to invest about Rs. 2,000 crores, in terms of your exports
target over the next, say, three to four to five years, how should we look
at the total revenue mix?
N. Venu:
Yes. So, again, we clarified this. Again and again, we want to clarify it
once again. The investment, whatever we are doing, Rs. 2,000 crores,
basically we believe that we have a huge domestic demand and that's
the reason we are doing it. Exports is, yes, on top of it, but we do not
create capacities only for the sake of exports, right? Exports, as always,
it has been there, it will continue to be there. And I explained just now
also, it's a three-pronged strategy. Roughly, we are looking at around
25% of exports. Maybe it might go a few percentage this way that way
over a period of time. But it again depends upon the thing. Put in a lot
of efforts to serve our domestic demand, and that's what we are going
to do that. And then on top of that, if we get an opportunity, we will do
more than 25%. But 25% is what I see in the next couple of years,
plus/minus a few percentage points this way or that.
HITACHI 

17/26
Rajesh Kothari:
So, when you look at your competitive positioning to get the export
orders compared to, say, Hitachi Energy India within the group, who will
be the other competing companies within group?
N. Venu:
Within group means?
Rajesh Kothari:
Means, for example, I mean, Hitachi Energy globally.
N. Venu:
Yes. Again, it is a market. We are working in more than 68 countries.
Our footprint is also very, very robust in many countries, right? It's not
that anybody can send anything. We have factories in the regions, we
have factories in the countries and there are clear market allocation
guidelines so that you are able to develop those markets sustainably
over a period of time. And also, there's a lot of approval process to
approve our factories. So, all those things are guiding principles.
Rajesh Kothari:
Okay. So, basically, even if your domestic revenue is going to go up
significantly because of this order book and also the pending HVDC
order pipeline, you think that exports will also be able to maintain that
growth, therefore, your revenue mix will not change significantly, at
least 25% to 27%?
N. Venu:
That's the reason we are investing. We are investing in the capacity. So,
our capacities will start coming in the next 18 months or so and that will
be compensating for that so that we are able to keep 25% as a revenue
mix, even at a higher revenue.
Rajesh Kothari:
And just last question. Till the time, of course, the new order comes to
the execution stage. In the next, from the 12 to 24 months kind of a
period, kind of a shorter tenure orders, particularly, say for example, for
data centers or for other such applications or for the metros, can you
give us a little bit more insight into that, how is that demand growing? If
you can quantify that in terms of the overall demand and how we are
winning it? And a little bit outlook on your different segments, data
center, metro trains and other segments that will be useful.
N. Venu:
And if you really look at my Slide #10, as you can see, industries, we
have a 23% growth. They are very short-cycle projects. Data centers,
HITACHI 

18/26
98%, almost doubled compared to the data center last quarter here.
So, data center, there was a bit of lull previous quarter, but now
everybody has relooked at what is the AI-ready data center. Now they
are all coming back very strongly on that. And the rail and metro also,
we see a very, very robust swing in that.
But with the renewable, now the issues of PPA and other things getting
resolved, we see that the renewables projects also come. All these
things are short cycle projects. So, they will be executed once we get
the order. Anywhere between six months to eighteen months, we
complete the execution in that, except the HVDC, which takes a longer
time in that. So, the pipeline, that's what I said, the pipeline is very
robust. It is much, much stronger, much higher. And we see the visibility
of those things coming in that.
Rajesh Kothari:
Great. Thank you, sir. Wish you all the best.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shirom Kapur from Jefferies
India. Please go ahead.
Shirom Kapur:
Thanks for the opportunity. Just I had a question, you classify your
business into your five business units, transformers, high-voltage
products, grid integration, grid automation and now services as a new
business unit. Would you be able to give us some color individually
within these units, if it's possible, on how the outlook is? And maybe a
rough sort of share in business of each of these units?
N. Venu:
No. Thank you, Shirom. Actually, we are not giving a split of this thing,
but we can give you a little bit of direction on that. So, transformer is by
far the highest, followed by our grid integration business and the next
is the high-voltage business, followed by the grid automation and the
service. So, we are talking about the outlook. Most of the segments buy
more than two BU products in their portfolio, okay? I will give you one
or two examples.
Transmission, for example, needs a transformer, our high-voltage BU
products, our grid automation products, power quality, HVDC,
HITACHI 

19/26
STATCOMs, etc., and so all four business units will go into that.
Transmission also needs the service as and when it is required.
When it comes to the industries, industries may need your transformer
or high voltage or sometimes the industries need your grid connections,
etc., So, again, two, three BU product portfolio will go into that.
Data center, I will give you a last example. Data center, for example,
needs your transformer, your dry type transformer, also grid connection
transformer, your grid integration, you need a substation to hook up to
the hyper-scale data center. And then you also need automation and
the consulting efforts in that.
So, basically, most of these things, two, three BUs or more than three
BU products portfolio as well. So, the outlook is if the segment outlook
is strong, then all the four BU outlook is also equally strong.
Shirom Kapur:
Okay. Understood. Thanks. That's very helpful. Second question is on
your capacity expansion over the next four to five years, where you are
incurring about Rs. 2,000 crores CAPEX, could you maybe quantify how
much your capacity is going to expand by, specifically within
transformers as well as the other business segments where you are
expanding capacity? And how that could scale up your revenue
potential? And if you could give a sense on what the current capacity
utilization is which is warranting this major CAPEX expansion?
N. Venu:
No, I think we talked about the capacity expansion. So, we basically said
that the capacities are required when we announced it, it's also for our
transformer, not only transformer but transformer high-voltage, grid
automation and also HVDC. And the scale of expansions are different
from different BUs, etc., in that. And all these things also we are doing
in a phased manner, for example, first transformer capacity, which is a
small capacity expansion, which is already coming in. And the next
phase we are going in. Like that, we are going in a phased manner so
that we are able to complete our scheduled CAPEX in line with our own
targets, etc.
HITACHI 

20/26
So, again, Rs. 2,000 crores CAPEX, if I am going to put it there, once it
is complete, the asset turnover is in the range of anywhere between
three to four or something like that, four to five, depending upon that.
So, you can just look at it, what could be the revenue potential once it
completes on that. Initially, it starts with a low asset turnover and then
thereafter it goes up higher than that. And current capacities are, I
would say, we do not quantify exactly the capacities, but it's very strong
in some of the product lines like insulation, like large power
transformers, like GIS, etc., in that. Of course, there are also some
capacities available in automation and other things.
Shirom Kapur:
Understood. Thank you so much, sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Subramaniam from SBI Life
Insurance. Please go ahead.
Subramaniam Yadav: Thank you, sir. Sir, if you can share what is our export orders ex of HVDC
in our order book? And how are the margins in that vis-a-vis our
domestic orders? I will come back to the second.
N. Venu:
On the segment-wise, on the category-wise, Mr. Subramaniam, what
we can say is that our exports are roughly as part of our order backlog.
You are talking about the order backlog, or what are you talking about?
Subramaniam Yadav: Sir, I am talking about the export orders ex of HVDC in our order book,
what would be the percentage of it?
N. Venu:
Order backlog.
Subramaniam Yadav: Yes, right.
N. Venu:
Yes. If we talk about exports ex of HVDC in our order backlog is roughly
in the same range.
Subramaniam Yadav: 20%, right?
N. Venu:
Yes.
HITACHI 

21/26
Subramaniam Yadav: Okay. And sir, if you can share some bid pipeline ex of HVDC in the
domestic as well as export, what we are looking at it for the year?
N. Venu:
Pipeline numbers, we do not share. What we are saying is that without
an HVDC, pipeline is very strong in the industry, in transmission, in
renewable energy, in data centers and in railways. And also, the pipeline
is very strong in our exports as well.
Subramaniam Yadav: Sir, if you can share at least growth number vis-a-vis last year, how is
the pipeline looking?
N. Venu:
We have not shared so far, Mr. Subramaniam. But when we share we
will share it with you.
Subramaniam Yadav: Okay, got it. Thank you, sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus
Securities. Please go ahead.
Harshit Patel:
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Could you give us an update
on the Mumbai, Ahmedabad, HSR electrical package? When will it get
tendered? And how large is this opportunity size for us?
N. Venu:
No. See, again, the whole project, I am not sure how it is taking in
different terms or things like that, but we also do not have visibility. We
have received a couple of orders for some transformers, but then on an
overall basis we do not have a visibility, we are still discussing with our
customers. We do not have any timeline for that.
Harshit Patel:
Understood. Sir, my second question is on the STATCOM, have we
started any kind of manufacturing or assembly integration for these
systems in India? What are our plans to increase local value addition in
this?
N. Venu:
STATCOMs, we do everything in India. So, we have been doing all the
STATCOM projects that we have got in India. We do the valves, we do
the transformers, we do the complete engineering, everything.
HITACHI 

22/26
Harshit Patel:
Understood. Just a small follow-up to that. What is the overall
opportunity size for STATCOM in India in the next four to five years in
your assessment?
N. Venu:
In our assessment, you can also go to the NEP, the Nationality
Electricity Plan from the CEA and you can check yourself also, anywhere
between 25 to 30 projects in the next four years.
Harshit Patel:
Understood. Perfect. Thank you very much for taking my questions. And
all the very best.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pratik Singh from Helios
Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Pratik Singh:
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, just a quick question. Was
there any execution miss in 1Q or any potential delays in execution
which we faced? Because ex of other income, I mean, the top line
growth considering the order book which we have looks slightly softer
at 10%, 11%.
N. Venu:
Sorry? Revenue growth 15%?
Pratik Singh:
Excluding the other income, I think the core top line growth looks tad
softer at 11%, 12%. So, just wanted to check if there are any execution
delays which we had in 1Q?
N. Venu:
No. I do not see any major execution delays in any of those projects.
There will always be, with such a large portfolio, you will always have
one or two delays, but not any major delays.
Pratik Singh:
All right. Thank you, sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Singh from
Systematix Group. Please go ahead.
Abhijeet Singh:
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, if we compare
HVDC and non-HVDC transmission project, what is the difference? So,
one is, you already mentioned that in terms of execution, I think the time
taken for an HVDC project is almost 2x, about 54 months versus about
HITACHI 

23/26
24 months for a non-HVDC one. So, in terms of product service and
project bifurcation and not going into technical part of it, if we can
differentiate between an HVDC and a non-HVDC project?
N. Venu:
No, from a complexity standpoint, HVDC and non-HVDC projects are
the same for a developer. So, a developer, for example, if he has to do
an HVDC project, it takes 48 months. If he has to do a non-HVDC
project, it may not be that much time, but it will take, say, if you talk
about including all the ROW, etc.
From an equipment supply standpoint, it's a developer because for
equipment supply standpoint, HVDC, we need to also do a lot of system
studies, etc., So, engineering, those things will take pretty long time
compared to a pure vanilla transmission project like a 400 kV project,
220 kV project. There, what we do, we supply 400 kV transformer, 220
kV transformer. If you do a system basis, we do design engineering,
which in 18 months you can complete anywhere between 765 kV
substation to 400 kV substation, right? So, that's how the thing is that.
Abhijeet Singh:
Sir, can we quantify the service component in the HVDC project?
N. Venu:
No, service component will be there everywhere. We are not able to
quantify service.
Abhijeet Singh:
In HVDC, service component will definitely be significantly higher
compared to vanilla. And therefore, designing and engineering and
everything will be much more intense. So, from that perspective, yes.
N. Venu:
No, you are right, but we will not be able to quantify what the service is
in that. For us, a particular system or thing which includes product
supply, design engineering and also erection testing, commissioning,
which we have in our scope. So, that's how we quantify it as a whole
portfolio. I’d say look at the portfolio as a whole, Abhijeet, which
includes designing, product supply and also commissioning, things like
that. Yes, you are right for HVDC, it is slightly higher, but it is not that
major compared to other projects.
HITACHI 

24/26
Abhijeet Singh:
Right, sir. Also, you mentioned in your comments that in the next few
years or after a few years, you are expecting about two to three HVDC
projects per year in India. I hope I heard that correctly.
N. Venu:
Yes. What I have said was that to manage the complexity of the Indian
network, we need to have two to three HVDCs per year, so that is my
expectation. But if you really look at NEP, which is almost talking about
two projects per year in the market. The project comes to the market.
Whether we win or not, that's a different issue, but those projects will
be coming up for bidding at least two projects per year in the next three
to four years.
Abhijeet Singh:
Understood, sir. Sir, lastly, on the 10th slide of the PPT, the growth you
have mentioned of different segments, this is the order inflow growth
for Q1 for us. Is that correct?
N. Venu:
Yes, order inflow growth for Q1.
Abhijeet Singh:
All right, sir. Sir, thanks a lot. That would be it from my side. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question will come from the line of Dhavan Shah
from AlfAccurate Advisors. Please go ahead.
Dhavan Shah:
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is on the royalty payout.
If I compare your royalty versus the GE T&D India, so I think GE is paying
roughly 1-odd percent. We are paying roughly 4-odd percent. I can
understand we are getting the superior technology and everything,
which helps us to bid for the complex projects. But just a suggestion, I
think can we do it or not, I am not sure. But can we reduce the royalty
payment and increase the dividend payout given that even though you
will increase the dividend payout, Hitachi parent itself holds 75% stake
so the lost money whatsoever from the royalty through dividend. So,
can we do that kind of arrangement?
N. Venu:
So, thank you, Mr. Dhavan Shah, thank you very much for your thing.
As you know, we are a Company, a global Company, and we do not do
any financial engineering on a short-term or midterm basis. Let me
again tell you what is important for the royalty payment. As I said, I do
HITACHI 

25/26
not want to compare with others. You may be comparing only short-
term basis, but we have a lens not only short term, midterm and long-
term in that, okay? So, if you look at from that, then you understand
after some time, why I said.
The technology what we are developing, we are by far the world leader
and that technology is available at a 4% cost. If you want to develop
that, that's not possible in that. Today, whatever we were able to win is
mainly we are able to localize a lot of the technologies here and there.
So, it's important that we continue to pay and develop the new
technologies. The new technology is not only on the HVDC, the new
technology is energy storage, the new technology is on the
synchronous condensers, the new technology is our automation.
Many things are happening, right? So we need to invest continuously in
those technologies. Whenever the technology is complete and
available for commercial use in any part of the world, it is available to
us. And that's a big thing from a shareholder standpoint that it is
available and we are able to offer it. And you will see more such things
in the coming quarters.
So, it is very important. We will continue to invest in the technology and
pay the royalty so that we can access the technology and put our
Company far ahead of that. Yes, we are working on the margins, and
you have seen the improvement, and it will continue to improve going
forward. Thank you.
Dhavan Shah:
Understood. And one question is on the admin cost, even if I compare
the admin cost, it is still higher for us compared to the peers, which is
roughly 4%, 5% for us compared to 1%, 2% for the other competitors.
So, any room for improvement over there? Because that is more or less
a fixed cost, despite our revenue size, it’s more or less the same at the
moment, there is still a difference in terms of the admin cost; they are
having lower admin cost versus us. So, any room for improvement over
there?
HITACHI 

26/26
N. Venu:
Yes. So, those things also, some of these costs are as a percentage, it
will continue as a percentage. But some are fixed costs and that has
been converted into a percentage. And as our revenue goes up in the
coming years, so as a percentage, it will come down with that. So, you
will see later on that. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. I will now hand the conference over to
Mr. N. Venu for closing comments.
N. Venu:
So, once again, a big thank you to all of you and thank you for taking
time from your busy schedule and attending to that. And if you need
anything, please reach out to us. Happy to engage with you. And what
we are in, what we call, an energy super cycle. Super excited about the
growth opportunities both locally and globally, and looking forward to
working very closely. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hitachi Energy India Limited, that
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now
disconnect your lines. Thank you.
HITACHI 
