Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Computer Age Management Services Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – COMPUTER AGE 
MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAM CHARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANISH SAWLANI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MASOOM RATERIA – MUFG 
 
 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Computer Age Management Services Limited hosted by MUFG IR. As a reminder, all 
participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Masoom Rateria from MUFG. Thank you, and over to 
you, Ms. Masoom. 
Masoom Rateria: 
Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Q1 FY '26 Earnings Con Call of Computer Age 
Management Services Limited. Before we proceed to the call, I would like to give a small 
disclaimer that this conference may contain certain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date. 
 
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, 
which are difficult. A detailed disclaimer has been published in the investor presentation. Today 
from the management of the company, we have with us Mr. Anuj Kumar, the MD and CEO; Mr. 
Ram Charan, the CFO; and Mr. Anish Sawlani, Head Investor Relations. I would like to hand 
over to Mr. Anuj Kumar, over to you, sir. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, but your voice is breaking. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Yes. That's okay, Masoom. Thank you. Your voice was breaking towards the end. But thanks 
for the introduction. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining this 1Q earnings call of 
CAMS. We will follow the standard format of taking you through a structured deck between 
Ram Charan and I, which will last about 20, 25 minutes. And then we will have enough time 
open for Q&A. You would have now access to the earnings deck. 
 
I will just give you a prelude just in terms of broadly how the quarter went and then launch on 
to taking you through the deck. So broadly, it was a quarter in which we did face some pressures 
and some headwinds. And I think given the fact that the financial metrics are still looking very 
strong, and I'll get to them in just a bit, it's been a great job done by the team to get us the results 
that we have. You're aware that because of telescopic structure, we do face some pricing pressure 
as AuM overall expands. 
 
We also briefed you back in January '25 that in a large account, we were trying to do a reset of 
prices just to bring them at par with the market. And that reset was supposed to last the next 3 
or 4 quarters. I think the good news is that, that reset is almost complete. Over 90% of what fee 
remissions, etcetera, we had to give have been given in the fourth and the first quarter. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
So, what you will see is a very marginal impact going forward and the results that you see, both 
revenue and bottom line, EBITDA and PAT are after doing almost 90% of the price reset in that 
large account. 
 
There is very little more to come after that. You're also aware that in the first quarter, we typically 
take a cost expansion largely led by salary increases, increments and those kind of things, and 
wherever we have annual maintenance contracts wherever the price goes up. So, all that is on 
the base now, which means all that impact has also been taken from a 1Q perspective. 
 
After all of this, which means some impact of telescopic pricing, setting right about 90% of the 
price remissions and taking them in the base, all the expansion in cost largely led by salary 
increases for the year. 
 
And the last thing I would say is that specifically from a capital markets perspective, you are 
aware that the KRA business, not just for CAMS, but across the industry has been impacted, 
given everything which has been happening, including the smaller number of new accounts 
which are being opened for F&O and regular trading, demat, etcetera, also in mutual funds. 
 
So, our KRA business from a year-on-year and a quarter-on-quarter perspective did see some 
contraction. All of this having happened in the quarter. For the quarter, you still see an EBITDA 
percentage, which is north of 43% and a PAT percentage, which is just short of 30%. And I think 
this vindicates the resilience of the model that we've had quarters, if you go back to second and 
third quarter last year, we had tailwinds across the board, MF, non-MF cost, all of that. 
 
And I think despite some headwinds that I stated about, most of which were known, bringing in 
the kind of financial metrics that we have posted, especially on the profit line.  But across the 
board, if you look at financial metrics on a year-on-year basis, we've had, I think we've kind of 
delivered an act which is pretty strong. So that is something I wanted all of you to know as a 
preface. I'll jump on to the main deck, and I'm on the chart on business highlights. 
 
Very pleased to share with you that for the first time in history, we've crossed INR50 trillion or 
INR50 lakh crores of overall assets. Must also say that in July, this did inch up to about INR52 
sometimes INR52.5 and we'll see how the rest of the quarter last. But INR50 trillion or INR50 
lakh crores was a significant achievement. We retained market share with 68% by AuM. 
 
At the same time, our equity assets surpassed the INR25 lakh crores mark. Again, if I look at 
July, these have been hovering in the just short of INR27, which is between INR26.5 lakh and 
INR27 lakh crores. And inflows continued despite all the volatility and just the plethora of news 
items that were coming in. So that's, again, from a foundational metric perspective, a very strong 
act. Overall AuM across businesses in mutual fund grew 22%. 
 
Equity assets grew 24%, which was ahead of the market, which is again good news. New SIP 
registrations year-on-year to about a crores and 12 lakhs. These increased 19%. Market share 
jumped up for new SIP registrations by 6 percentage points. Now typically, it's a very tough act 
to continue posting this kind of market share increase. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
So, we'll continue keeping you updated on what happens to it in the ensuing quarters. But for 
that 1 quarter, it's a significant gain in market share. Live SIPs, these are SIPs which are live and 
which get the monthly collection, which basically adds to gross and net equity sales. That 
number grew 15% year-on-year and market share improved from 57% to 62%, which is again a 
very significant jump up. 
 
Unique investor base crossed the 41 million. So, it's about now at INR4.15 crores grew 27% 
year-on-year, faster than the industry, which grew 22%. So, if you see the collectivity of 
foundational metrics, which is gross assets crossing INR50 lakh crores, equity crossing INR25, 
AUM growing 22%, equity assets growing 24%, new SIPs, significant up in market share and 
live SIPs, significant up in market share and investor base, which grew faster than the market. I 
think all of those are great redeeming features for the quarter. 
 
Also, the fact that you know that we had won a slew of contracts, new AMCs in about the last 
14, 15 months, 7 of them were waiting to go live. But typically, in the past, we used to take about 
1 or 2 AMCs live in a year. The good news is that 3 of these are already live, including Jio 
BlackRock, which did its weight in NFO. This was not in the first quarter. theoretically, the 
numbers came in the second quarter, so you don't see them in the results. 
 
And they garnered about INR18,000 crores in the largest, in what was the largest in the industry. 
The balance 4 new AMCs are slated to go live in the next 3 to 6 months. We also took Ceybank, 
which is the first official, I would say, national client and asset management, live during the 
same period. So, they are live and working on the CAMS platform. That's across the board on 
the MF side. 
 
And again, I would say that just from a foundational perspective, each of these can be 
straightway correlated to revenue-bearing metric and therefore, will help the story play out in 
the coming quarters, including starting from the second quarter. 
 
Beyond mutual funds, CAMSPay, although from a quarter-on-quarter perspective, wasn't very 
strong, but 26% year-on-year growth. The payment gateway infrastructure for cards has become 
operational now. It was slightly delayed, but we'll continue to kind of buttress the revenue 
growth from now onwards. So CAMSPay grew 26% and the payment gateway went live. 
 
Alternatives continued to solidify its market leadership. We got 24 new logos. Like you know, 
these are full-service logos. I keep saying none of them is a truncated service, 50 new mandates, 
3 new clients in GIFT City. Overall, AuM of CAM service funds crossed INR2.7 lakh crores 
during the quarter, which is great news. 
 
Insurance policy count, and I'm sure you've been reading about this in other newspaper articles, 
nothing to do with CAMS PR. But in general, the acceptance of repository is gaining ground 
without any bulk deals. So, this is largely consumer-led. That consumer-led metric has seen 
policies grow by 41% year-on-year. And again, it has, this is straight revenue-bearing metric for 
the coming quarters. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Also, do keep in mind that while LIC signed up with us in March, they are still not live, expected 
to go live in the September, latest October time frame. So, you can expect or at least I'm 
expecting that this 40% growth in policy-based number should be repeatable given that whatever 
tailwinds we have in that area we have, consumer preference for holding demat insurance 
policies is going up. And with LIC with the market leader participating at some time, that 
momentum across the board is expected to go up. 
 
You would have also seen an announcement on 29, just 2 days, a day or 2 back that CAMSKRA 
has entered into a definitive agreement for acquiring the KRA business of what is called DotEx 
in common parlance, NSE Data Analytics. Do keep in mind, this is like a slump asset sale. So, 
we're not bringing in the infrastructure or a large count of employees or rents or leases, etcetera. 
This is largely, the inventory of CAMS goes up on a base of 2 crores TAM that CAMSKRA has. 
This adds about INR13 lakhs, 14 lakhs. 
 
So, it straight away accretive to revenue. It does not bring in, brings in very marginal costs, 
which is repatching 3 or 4 employees, and getting out of the leases, we won't be using the data 
center, etcetera. All of that will just come and sit on the TAM system. That is a transition part. 
So, this is something we've been working on for some time. 
 
And again, coming from the NSE stable is a great accretion to the overall KRA business and 
will be significantly revenue accretive, but very marginal cost, a small fraction of the cost will 
come to us. 
 
CAMSKRA otherwise broadly continued to onboard strategic clients. The good news is that one 
more of the top 5 brokerage houses that we started breaking into BPs and brokerages in about 
the last 30 months. We've broken through one more. Otherwise, the aggregate new logo 
additions is 40 large, medium, small, all kinds. 
 
And then I also wanted to say that in all this, Think360 got a POC leading to a contract of an 
AI-powered data and insights platform for a U.S. health-tech firm. You know that Think 
traditionally has had experience and expertise in the molecular research area for drugs and 
therefore, have some recall and some proximity to that segment of the U.S. market. So, they've 
started work on this. 
 
Of course, it has to scale up to become a regular large-sized contract and we will how this part 
goes. In the ensuing 4 or 5 slides, you have content on everything else that we've spoken about 
in the past. I'm not going to spend too much time on this. The charts are there. Take a look and 
let us know if you have any questions, either now or later, if you're in touch with us. 
 
With this, I'll hand this over to Ram Charan to take us through broad financials, and then we'll 
be ready for Q&A. Ram, over to you. 
Ram Charan: 
Thank you, Anuj. As Anuj was mentioning, we had some headwinds during the quarter, some 
of which we had already alerted to you in the earlier part of the year in terms of the price 
movements and the salary, annual salary increase that happens traditionally in the April 1, 
effective April 1. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
So, but the good news is that from a trend perspective, the market has, in spite of choppy markets 
here and there, the market AuM has grown. It's grown over 7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
which means from a foundational perspective, it all goes well for the future revenue growth. 
 
Equity has also done well. It's grown around 24% on a year-on-year basis on the back of which 
we had a reasonable revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. Overall revenue grew around 7 
percentage, and we were at around INR355 crores of revenue. Asset-based revenue grew 2% 
quarter-on-quarter and almost 9% year-on-year. Again, this is considering the impact of the price 
difference or price reduction that was given to one of our key customers. 
 
From a yield perspective, I think Anuj has given the commentary. I'd just like to add that we had 
guided that there could be a 4% to 5% reduction in yields in the current quarter in addition to 
what you saw in the last quarter, and it's played out on similar lines. 
 
We have seen a close to 5% decline in yields. But going forward, as we have taken most of the 
impact in the base, we expect that barring telescoping, there is not going to be any significant 
depletion in yields going forward. And you know that from, if you see the math on a 5-year 
average basis, telescopic depletion has been around 3% to 3.5% per year. 
 
So, we should expect closer or lesser to that going forward in terms of yield depletion. However, 
because the first quarter has seen a sharper yield depletion than usual, on a year-on-year basis, 
you could see a 9% kind of a yield depletion. But the next 3 quarters would see a very, very 
moderate decrease, if at all, in terms of yield depletion. 
 
From a profitability perspective, you've seen that the costs, we have said that we have some 
levers in case of some strain on the revenue, and we said that we will pull those levers, and we 
have done exactly that. We have seen cost control measures bearing fruit. We have had a very 
muted increase in cost on a year-on-year basis, including depreciation, which we continue to 
invest on various data centers and storage and servers, including depreciation our overall cost 
increase on a year-on-year basis is less than 11%. 
 
So, our aim for the year is to keep it around that range, probably 1 percentage higher, but much 
less than what it was in the past. And on a quarter-on-quarter basis, you will see that the cost has 
actually declined. And even if you take away the OP decline, I think, and if you consider that 
this is the quarter in which the salary has increased, seen a very, very muted increase in costs, 
which again is the way forward for us in terms of increasing the profitability. 
 
Margins, again, given all these headwinds, the margin still was at 43.7 percentage, a little down 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis, year-on-year basis. But again, traditionally, the first quarter has 
been the, has seen the maximum strain on margins. And as we go further, this kind of gets 
normalized. 
 
And while we will, we are maintaining our guidance of saying that we will see around 45% of 
margin on a steady-state basis, there is a little upside in terms of the current quarter. We did not 
expect close to 44% margin. But going forward, I think we should be able to hit the 45-plus 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
percent EBITDA, obviously, assuming that the assets do keep up the pace of growth that we 
have seen in the last few quarters. 
 
We have ended the quarter with a very comfortable cash and cash equivalent of INR788 crores, 
out of which INR90 crores dividend was disbursed in the current month post the shareholder 
approval, and the Board was pleased to declare an interim dividend of INR11 per share. So this 
is a summary of the financials. 
 
And with this, I hand it back to the moderator. We can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, just firstly on this yield part, while I understand that the adjustment of the one big negotiation 
has happened, any further renegotiations that are expected in this year or early of next year that 
can impact the yield further? That's first. Second, on the yield front itself, as these new 
customers, particularly Jio BlackRock kind of scales up, do you think that your yields can be 
under pressure? 
 
Because what we understand is most of these new wins are, have a very low fees in the initial 
part, in the initial 2 or 3 years. So yes, that's my first question on the yield front. Second is on 
the non-MF businesses, particularly CAMSPay, which has seen a sequential decline in this 
quarter, what would you attribute that to? 
 
And how should we think about this? Yes, probably, and thirdly, on profitability between the 
MF business and non-MF business, if you could spell out the EBITDA margins both ways? 
Those would be my questions. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Sure. Thanks, Prayesh. So, I'm sure you appreciate that our guidance with respect to prices, yield 
depletions, etcetera, plays out almost exactly the way we predicted to you in the last 4 or 5 years, 
which is that we don't want any asymmetry to exist between what we are anticipating in terms 
of events happening and what you see. We believe that with this large contract, 90% of that the 
price adjustment being in the base. 
 
For the next about between 1 year and 1.5 years, there's nothing else, nothing much else to be 
dealt with. There could be very small events. But from a large price correction perspective and 
do remember that we were the first ones to indicate this in the month of January. So, from a price 
perspective, like Ram said, about a 3% annual depletion is something you can estimate to be in 
the base. And nothing much beyond that, except the balance 7%, 8% of this price adjustment 
will you see coming in. That's point number one. 
 
Point number two, from a new AMC and Jio BlackRock perspective, yes, a large number of 
them have now are going live and will go live. Typically, their accretion to overall fees and 
overall profitability, et cetera, is small. In the case of BlackRock, their emissions are very large. 
So, we will see how that scales up over a period of time. It is not true that we have given some 
very large price remissions. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Typically, 1 or 2 of these elements are given at more, I would say, competitive pricing, but it is 
not that we've done anything very significant for these new logos. So we will see how this goes. 
Typically, our expectation is that the AuM build-out of these new AMCs is very slow amongst 
the new ones, takes several years, 4 to 5 years for them to scale up. So for them to have any 
material bearing on the P&L of CAMS always takes time, and I don't think a lot of that is going 
to change, perhaps with the exception of Jio. So that's answer to point number two. 
 
From a CAMSPay perspective, what you see, so you will appreciate that on a year-on-year basis, 
we are 26% revenue up, which is good news. From a quarter-on-quarter basis, there were some 
volume reductions in insurance. Insurance peaks in the fourth quarter, so whatever activity, 
heightened activity the insurance companies see, we partly mirror that because all of this is a 
subset of the payments part of the insurance business, including AutoPay. And we are expecting 
some of that to come back as the first and second quarters progress. 
 
There were some lower volumes from key clients, one, largely because we are trying to migrate 
that very large MF distributor from other alternate platforms to our platforms, which means that 
the existing ACH mandates, et cetera, have to move from place A to place B. Where we had a 
plan, the execution has been slightly slower just given the multiple dynamics in migrating these 
ACH mandates, but all of that will happen. 
 
And the third is that the growth, the setting up and growth of the payment gateway business was 
slightly slower, was about 2 or 3 months slower than what we were thinking. So our expectation 
is that from this quarter, the quarter that we are sitting in July, August, September, you will see 
build back into the CAMSPay business. And therefore, any wrinkle that you saw from 4Q to 1Q 
was a temporary wrinkle. And it's unlikely that you'll see anything like that in the ensuing 3 
quarters of the year. 
Ram Charan: 
The only one question that was on the profitability of non-MF and MF. I think they continue to 
be on what we used to be. The non-MF profitability, we said it's always between 10 and 15 
percentage. They were a little lower on this 12% probably in the current quarter. MF continues 
to be 45-plus percentage. So that's the split up on MF, non-MF, probably a little lesser this time. 
Keep in mind the overall company margins are a little lesser, but nothing that's swung it either 
way. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. I really appreciate the kind of guidance you have been giving us on the trend and the 
way it's panning out. Thank you for keeping us updated on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Just a further clarification on the yield part, sir. If you can tell us ex of this large AMC where 
you had the repricing, what would have been the impact on the yield for us? 
Ram Charan: 
So Devesh, if you see the yield depletion was 0.12 bps, I think, and the bigger AMC actually 
contributed 0.09% of it. So it's almost predominantly everything. That's kind of the way it has 
played out. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Devesh Agarwal: 
So 75% is because of that repricing? 
Ram Charan: 
Yes, yes, that's correct. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right. And you did mention there is no more repricing or 95% of this large AMC repricing is in 
the base. But when you say no more repricing are expected, are you saying like over the next 3 
to 6 months or for the next 2 years? How should we see about it? 
Ram Charan: 
So let me clarify that it's not as of no repricing, meaning when I say repricing, I mean the usual 
commercial negotiations post the end of the pricing tenure will happen, and that's business as 
usual. What we indicated was that there's not going to be anything major that's going to come 
around. And this is probably for the next 2 years, you will see stability on this. And I'm not 
saying you won't see stability post that, but I think we have visibility over the next 18 months, 
18 to 24 months. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. And when you guide for this 3%, 3.5% depletion beyond FY '26, I'm assuming you're 
accounting for all these new AMCs and they're gaining size, including Jio BlackRock or that 
will be over and above? 
Ram Charan: 
So as Anuj was mentioning, right, I think if you look at our asset base, it's almost like INR52 
trillion, INR53 trillion, etcetera. So I think the new AMC's ability to adversely or positively 
affect yields is very limited. So I think we are confident of retaining within the overall guidance 
that we have given. 
Anuj Kumar: 
From a metric perspective, Devesh, just think of it this way that today, when you see the asset 
base of INR50 lakh crores under 2% of this belongs to AMCs, which were launched in the last 
5 years, which means whatever was launched in the last 5 years is significantly below INR1 lakh 
crores.  
 
So either way, price or any other growth metric, what you would expect in the next 4 to 5 years, 
although the number of wins is very large, that at most, we will see about, let's say, 2% to 3% of 
AuM contribution from these people. And therefore, their collective ability to swing the P&L 
either way, I think, is very limited. 
 
So I will hold whatever I said that beyond the next 18 to 24 months, the 3%, 3.5% depletion is 
perhaps something which stays in the base because that is an outcome of telescopic and some 
element of negotiation. This was one large element that we had to set right the dialogue was old.  
 
If you ask me, it's a good thing that we've got past that event. It took us some time to get past it. 
And given the fact that all of that has been now written in the base between, largely between 4Q 
last year and 1Q this year, the costs have been managed well. And therefore, our ability to be a 
lot more predictable and accretive in the coming quarters is much, much higher. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. So with this repricing, sir, that has happened, can we say at the end of 1Q, your top 3, 
4 AMCs will have a very similar pricing, will be in a very narrow band or tight band? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Anuj Kumar: 
Yes. So if you see our spectrum of 22 clients, there is a lump of 5 at the top, which is consistently 
priced. There's a lump of another 6, which is AMC #6 to 11 and which are also in the similar 
band. So that is pretty consistent. And then as you go down, although those are smaller people. 
But yes, there are these 3 subgroups that you can think of the portfolio in, and they are all very 
tightly banded. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Perfect, sir. And one last question, sir, on the non-mutual fund business. If you can again share 
your views in terms of the growth that we expect over the, say, next 2, 3 years and the margin, 
how you intend to ramp up? And what is the share that you expect of non-mutual fund business 
in your overall revenues in, say, next 2 to 3 years? That will be the last one. 
Anuj Kumar: 
So, no Rush, Devesh. So, like we've said in the past, so we will get the non-MF portfolio to 20% 
and no questions about that. Inside of non-MF, there are very strong points, which is KRA 
payments and AIF, which are significantly profit yielding. And then there are elements which 
are not making money, which is account aggregate insurance, although insurance is getting 
somewhere towards breakeven, but we are funding some of these things. And then between 
Think, MF Central, et cetera, we are still funding some of those things. 
 
So, the non-MF business at the peak will be, let's say, 35% to 40% EBITDA in the best. And at 
the bottom, maybe minus 10%, which is why it converges at about plus 15%. I think what is at 
40% will probably remain at 40%, what is at plus 30% will remain at plus 30%, and we are 
happy to keep those businesses there. 
 
The trick is to get the minus 10, minus 15 guys over the hump and get them to positive territory. 
And I can tell you that, for example, in insurance, we are seeing let's say, INR25 crores to INR27 
crores, maybe INR30 crores revenue, we will get too positive and account aggregated at about 
INR1 crores revenue we will get to positive. In most platform businesses, which have small 
labor, that's amount of fixed cost that we deploy between INR10 crores to INR15 crores. 
 
So, what I'm very positive about is that pouring more revenue into insurance, into account 
aggregator between Think and MF Central. And MF Central is also not very far, although we've 
been funding it for the last 4, 5 years, but we are very sure of getting to that point. 
 
So therefore, 20% overall revenue contribution, getting in the next 3 years, non-MF aggregate 
to be, let's say, between 25% to 30% profit contribution and not between, not around the 15% is 
really in the realm of reality. You can expect that to happen. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Uday Pai from Investec. 
Uday Pai: 
Just one clarification on the yield side. So, you mentioned that out of the 0.12 basis point 
deflation this quarter, a large part was account of that single AMC. So, the remaining was purely 
on account of telescopic pricing? Or did we have any other repricing from any other customer? 
That's the first. And secondly, I would like to know the breakup of KYC revenue in terms of 
brokers and AMCs. So that's the 2 questions. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Ram Charan: 
Sure. The first question, there is just one more customer who had a very small price reset that 
happened. So, it was not significant. So you could assume that a lot of this is because of the 
telescopic pricing. Again, as we said that going forward, there could be, there will be 0 price 
resets will happen. When we say price reset, it's not a significant one. 
 
Every time there is a rollover, there is some discussion depending on the growth of the AMC, 
there could be some moderation in rates that could happen. So, I think that's a BAU kind of event 
that has happened. So, nothing significant from that perspective. So predominantly, it is the 
major customer yield accretion that you are seeing. 
 
The second part of it, if you see from an AMC to brokers perspective, around 30% of the KYC 
revenue will be from the brokers and DP’s perspective and 70% will be from AMC. And that is 
a metric that's been trending upwards over the last few quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
I have just one question on opex. So, this, generally, what we've seen for the last few years is 
that the first quarter opex is roughly around the 25% mark as a percentage of overall opex for 
the year. So, should we assume that to continue this year as well, which automatically implies 
that the opex number broadly kind of settles at this level? Yes. So, any color on that would be 
helpful. 
Ram Charan: 
So, Abhijeet, I'll just split it into 3, right? So, the major cost is the employee cost, then there is 
the operating expenses and other expenses. On an overall, if you see year-on-year, including 
depreciation, we have been probably between 10% and 11% growth in the current quarter, which 
I think is a very moderate level. 
 
Now going forward, given the nature of the business, we do not see a significant, significant 
addition in manpower that is happening. So, we should actually have some cost increases 
happening from an employee perspective, but it will not be significant because the appraisal cost 
has actually been baked into this. Operating expenses is colored by OP, right? 
 
And if you see in the current quarter also, there's been a reduction in OP in the revenue as well 
as cost. But if you take that away, it continues to be around 13% of overall thing. And other 
expenses are, the first quarter, we'll see the maximum because of AMC renewals, et cetera. 
 
So while we do not foresee any big increase coming up in the remaining part of the year on any 
of these exceptional things coming up any of these things, I continue to hold the view that we 
should be able to contain the cost increase at around 11 to 12 percentage worst-case scenario or 
probably a little less than that on a year-on-year basis for the entire year. 
 
Whether it will be following the trend of first quarter, I think it will be with a small increase here 
and there because of some amount of employee additions that will happen. But overall, if I were 
to project a cost increase on a year-on-year basis for the entire year, I would like to keep it at 10 
to 11 percentage. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Secondly, the non-MF businesses put together, I mean, there are various ebbs and flows 
across the business lines. But on a full year basis for the entire non-MF vertical put together, 
how do you think about this year's revenue growth given the first quarter, how it has panned out 
for a couple of business lines? 
Ram Charan: 
So, I think Anuj mentioned the reasons why the first quarter on a year-on-year basis, I continue 
to see a good, reasonably good growth, right? So, our aim is very clear, and we have the road 
map to achieve this 25% growth in non-MF revenue, right? 
 
On absolute terms, we ended last year around INR190 crores of non-mutual fund. And would 
we be able to add 25% on top of it? I think we have the path to do it. I think we have the way to 
do it. So, we stick to that guidance that it will be a 25% growth in non-mutual fund on a year-
on-year basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. The current participant has 
disconnected. So, may I move to the next participant? The next question is from the line of 
Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management Limited. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So first, really appreciate the upfront guidance on the yields. I think that was very well done and 
very clearly explained. My question is, first, how many of the mutual fund customers and the 
large ones come up for renegotiation in the balance part of FY '26 and FY '27. If you can just 
sort of break down for FY '26, how many are there and then FY '27, how many of the customers 
do? 
 
And second question is on any guidance on capex for FY '26 and '27? And given, and the update 
on the technology transformation that you've been doing and moving the AMC stack on cloud. 
So, I wanted to get a sense of where are we? And from next year onwards, what sort of benefit 
it would result in, in terms of our EBITDA margins? And how should we also think about 
depreciation going forward? So, these 2 would be my questions. 
Ram Charan: 
Okay. I will take 2 of this. And on the rear, probably I would request Anuj to add some his views 
on this. See, from a price reduction perspective, the answer is any major coming up for 
renegotiating current year, the answer is 0, nobody is coming up. And for the next year, towards 
the tail end, there could be 1 or 2 customers who come in. But again, it's towards the tail end of 
next year. 
 
So you will, that's why when we kind of said to the earlier question that we do see some amount 
of stability for the next 18 to 24 months. I think one of the reasons was this, which is that last 
year has seen an overactivity in terms of prices. And so, we will see a period of stability for the 
next 18 to 24 months is our expectation, right? 
 
From a capex perspective, you will see I split it into 2. One is obviously the regular capex that 
we do, given that we have to keep pace with the growth in transaction volume with the 
requirements from the SEBI perspective for data centers, et cetera, BCP, etcetera. So that on a 
yearly basis, we project the current year capex to be around INR60 crores. We have spent around 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
INR15 crores of it in the, so we're on target in the first quarter. So, we will end up spending 
around INR60 crores, plus or minus a few crores. 
 
That's the expectation. On the rearchitecture or the new platform perspective, and that's where 
the bulk of the capex additions would get added once the module starts going live. On a 
cumulative basis, we have spent around INR50 crores on the platform so far. And I say 
cumulative, I mean for the last, more than a year, right? It's not in the last quarter. 
 
Last quarter, we had have spent probably INR14 crores on it. So once the first module starts 
going live, which we expect probably 4Q of this financial year or 1Q of next financial year, we 
will start amortizing that. 
 
And the amortization, we expect that the yearly amortization of the first module, we would have 
spent probably INR100 crores on the first module and the yearly amortization will be in the 
region of INR15 crores plus, right? I think that will be the yearly amortization that you will take. 
So that will be the increase in depreciation cost that you will start getting from, most likely from 
next financial year or tail of it could be in the last quarter of the current financial year. That will 
start impacting depreciation from that perspective. 
 
But we are also confident that the benefits that will start accruing to the business will sort of 
make it over a period of at least not immediately over a period of a year or 2, I think the payback 
will be more than adequate for people to see. And the margin depletion will be negligible, if any, 
over a period of, at least our projection shows the margin depletion will be negligible. 
 
And if you do get outsized benefits as we hope we will, then I think it will be accretive to the 
margin. But it's too early to call a specific number as what could be the benefit in the EBITDA 
margin because I think we have to wait for the first model to go live. We do have internal budgets 
and workings, but I think it's too early to expose that as a commitment from our side. We will 
track it very closely. And as we get closer to the first module going live, we will be able to give 
you a better picture on what is the benefits. 
 
But we are very clear that this will have a positive impact on the profitability going forward. 
Whether it is going to accrue directly from FY '27 or from FY '28, I think something that we'll 
have to wait and watch. But overall, it's going to be very beneficial to the margins. on the 
progress of rearchitecture. 
Anuj Kumar: 
So overall, on the rearchitecture project, I think things are in very good shape. We signed a 
contract in June, July last year with Google Cloud. We started building a team. So today, we 
have over 150 engineers, about 170, 180 external hires, a lot of them from blue-blooded 
institutions like the IITs, some Mtechs, 4 or 5 doctors, people who are applying for patents 
because some of this is very structured and we know what is to be done and some of that is from 
a tinkering approach in terms of experimenting with various things. 
 
And I think you will start seeing some announcements from us in about, maybe by the end of 
August in terms of what the team is doing. We haven't done any PR yet. But just to give you an 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
example, the amount of efficiency this will add, one is just to the engineering coding and 
platform process. 
 
And the other is to the operations process. Just to give you an example today, we may have a 
couple of hundred people today who do reconciliation for us because we download bank 
statements, do matching in the system and do literally hundreds of activities to make sure that 
the INR300 lakh crores that reverses our system is completely pristine and done properly in 
terms of reconciliation unit allotment. 
 
Once an automated platform of the kind that we are thinking comes in, the intensity of labor will 
go down to half or less than half. Similarly, for every process, we signed INR300 crores SMSs 
in a year. Today, if 1 or 100 of those SMSs have to be reconciled when they were signed, when 
they opened, if they bounce right did they bounce. There is a lot of manual effort in trying to 
figure that out. All of that will be at a click for button. 
 
Similarly, for analytics, controls kind of things, risk management, all of that will get into the 
purview of the new platform.  So very happy with the way things are going. I think we haven't 
exactly yet put out any margin workings. So, I think what you guys are waiting to hear is that 
will this become kind of a cost 0 proposition in FY '27. And if yes, by what margin? And my 
guess is that we will be ready to share all that with you in the next maybe 3 or 4 months. 
 
There is just a vast suite of areas, in which productivity will go up, accuracy will go up, rest will 
come down, finesse will go up. And we do want to talk to you guys about that. But we don't 
want to jump the gun. I think broadly from an operating perspective, very good progress from a 
specific guidance on margins and net cost on this. Give it another 2 or 3 months, maybe by the 
month of October, we will start putting things out, which you can consume. And then obviously, 
we're going to continue comparing notes in terms of whether that progress is achieved or not. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Got it. Just Ram, I think you mentioned the maintenance capex for FY '26 at INR60 
crores, but I don't think you gave me like the total sort of other capex amount as well. So, the 
total rearchitecture capex for '26. And similarly, if you could give FY '27 also some broad color 
on capex? 
Ram Charan: 
Sure. So yes, I think from a rearchitecture perspective, I did mention that we have spent from a 
capex perspective around INR14 crores in the first quarter. We in Q1. And we expect in the 
course of the year, this will accelerate, and we will spend close to INR100 crores in the current 
year. The spend next year will be on similar lines. 
 
The spend next year will be on similar lines because we have reached almost like a peak capacity 
from a people perspective and from a design perspective. So, you would expect overall the cost 
of the project is expected to be around INR450 crores to INR500 crores. So, you will end up 
spending around, by the end of this year, it will be around, cumulatively around INR125-plus 
crores. So, we expect a similar amount to be spent in the next year also. 
 
From a depreciation perspective, I would just like to alert that once we start amortizing this, 
which should be after the first module goes live, probably INR100 crores of cost get transferred 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
from work in progress to your asset and we start amortizing. Obviously, amortization period 
could be higher than 3 years, but it is going to be a very valuable platform. So that's why I guided 
that probably you should look at INR15 crores to INR20 crores depreciation incrementally per 
year on the research. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a few questions. You mentioned on the reduction in pricing asymmetry on the mutual fund 
side of the business. And I understand there have been a couple of repricing by this large player 
in the last few years. But let's say, 2 years out, 24 months from now, when this particular player 
looks at their mutual fund RTA yields, let's say, on the more dominant portion of the book, which 
is equities, do you think that they will feel comfortable when they compare them with the other 
large 3 or 4 players, let's say, 24 months, 36 months from now. 
 
So just wanted to get a quantum of whether the repricing and the stabilization is done more from 
a long-term perspective? Or is it just like relative divergence has narrowed for now? Second, in 
terms of the nature of these contracts, I just wanted to understand, are these open for ad hoc 
repricing also? I mean, if can a particular player always come up for renegotiation, even if the 
contract is currently ongoing? 
 
And third will be on the Alternatives business. If I look at the revenue trajectory for the last 4 
quarters, it has revolved around that INR9.5 crores to INR10 crores quarterly run rate despite 
multiple new logo wins. So just wanted to get some sense of what's happening out there? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So broadly to answer your first question on whether the, and sorry, when I said asymmetry, I 
meant what we know versus what you guys know. We want 0 asymmetry there and feel happy 
that we've been able to kill that. The mutual fund market typically honors contracts and out-of-
turn requests for adjustment, I mean, it's not that it's impossible, but don't happen very often. 
 
So broadly, from a principal perspective, you can take it that. That's the way the market works. 
From this contract that we have discussed more than once on these calls, I think our way of 
servicing when it was a world of physical paper and checks and all of that, it had come to almost 
90%, 95% digitally executed operation. 
 
And therefore, the request from the client was that since whatever they paid in the past, they 
paid in the past because of a different style of working. Now since the style of working after 
COVID is more or less the same. why not look at a uniform pricing. So, while you can say that 
it was out of turn, that dialogue started maybe in '21, '22. 
 
It took us 2 or 3 years because it was a large quantum to set right. And like I said, I'm happy 
that, that is now behind us. With that being behind us, I think one principle that most of these 
clients believe should apply to them because scope differentials are very small. There was a time 
when scope differentials were deeper. We were doing ABCDEF for someone. We were doing 
ABCDEF and GH for someone else. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
So, someone else had 30% more scope, was they willing to pay? The answer was yes, and that's 
how the market went. In a digital era, there could be a client who does 100% digital, and there 
could be someone who does 85%, but I don't think we have any 80% digital client. 
 
So, the kind of work, the amount of work more or less is converging, and therefore, parity 
becomes an argument from their side and parity in a size cluster. So, if you are in a size cluster 
of the top 5, the next 5, the next 5, the next 5 and the tail beyond that, do we look similar is a 
requirement. You guys also have access to scheme accounts. 
 
So, you can take a look yourself. But from our side, I think one thing that we have done now is 
that anything which can look like a wrinkle in that principle largely does not exist. You can also 
take a look once these scheme accounts come out. So, I think that's one large objective that we 
have achieved. 
 
And we've also made sure that in some of these new clients, you may have seen one logo that 
we had won, let's say, at a price of 100 the competitor offered INR80 and then walked away 
saying you don't want to cut. 3 months later, the same guy goes back and sells at INR60. And 
we've said we'll let them go. We said we'll let them go. We will not talk about repricing, et cetera, 
with someone we've not even started business with. So, I think that principle, we've been able to 
establish and underwrite quite well. 
Ram Charan: 
On the AIF, Dipanjan, actually, if you look at the core AIF business, I think they have grown 
pretty well on a year-on-year basis, I think they have grown if you take away the multiple size 
of things only from including GIFT City. They were actually, I was just looking at the numbers 
once you asked the question, they were actually around INR840 lakhs per quarter in the last, I 
think the year, they have now come up to around INR970. 
 
So pretty okay, meaning it's not going to be a 50% growth business. I think that we have been 
very clear with you also. I think a 12% to 15% growth business is what we see the AIF to be and 
upside coming in terms of GIFT City. I think it's played out that way. 
 
We'll continue to see that it's a 15% growth business. It's still a 15% growth business. And if 
GIFT City does ramp up significantly, then that could go closer to 20%. But otherwise, we feel 
that it's probably largely in line. And it's a highly competitive industry, but we still maintain our 
leadership position getting 50% plus market share and the AuM has also grown reasonably okay. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
No, sure, Ram. Just one small follow-up. I appreciate on the AIF part; it was lower in the last 
quarter base. But if you look at from 2Q onwards, which is last 4 quarters, it has been around 
that INR9.5 crores to INR10 crores. So in case you were to get to, let's say, 15%, 16% growth 
on last year's base, you probably have to kind of scale up the current run rate by at least 10%, 
12% over the next few quarters. So, is that visibility kind of out there for you guys? 
Ram Charan: 
Absolutely. We are winning a lot of new logos. I think we've also have a lot of logos from GIFT 
City perspective. We are also getting more into fund accounting. So, I think we are confident of 
getting this over a period, 15% growth over a period of year. I think on a quarter-on-quarter, I 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
think it could be 10%, 11%, 12%, that's okay. But on a year-on-year basis, I think we are 
confident of getting to the 15% growth. 
 
I think new logos that we are winning are for full service, as Anuj was mentioning. And the 
pricing is largely, well, it is not what it used to be 2 years back for sure. But I think we are getting 
a reasonably stable pricing for at least compared to what it was in the initial stages. So, I think 
15% growth is something that we aspire for. I think we have an ability to get that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabil Dabhoya from Unifi Capital Private Limited. 
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Congratulations on a resilient set of numbers. Sir just had one question first on the yield part, 
sir. So, in the last quarter, we had given a guidance of 6% to 7% Y-o-Y decline from 4Q FY '25 
end yields, and this has been now sort of revised to about 8% to 9%. So, is my understanding 
correct? 
Ram Charan: 
So, I think what I had indicated in the last earnings call, if I remember right, was, yes, it was 
around, I think on a year-on-year basis, you will see a 7% decline in yields. I think it will be a 
little higher than that. It could be 8%. But again, this is an estimation of what happens in the 
remaining 3 quarters. So, I think the range is broadly okay. 
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, just another question was on the MF non-asset-based revenue. Sir, just 
if you could highlight anything unusual that happened this quarter? 
Ram Charan: 
So, 2 things, actually, 3 things. Number one is the NFO revenue is significantly down compared 
to the last quarter, and that's something that we have lived with, there are more NFOs in the next 
quarter, we do get additional revenues. The second part of it is OP expenses. And we've always 
said that OP is more an accounting thing, which is that you have to show it as you build the 
customer, you show it as revenue and then you show it as an expense also. 
 
That's come down significantly, largely because of the lesser mail traffic and some special audits 
that we did on behalf of AMCs last quarter and some bulk purchases we did for their stationery, 
et cetera. All of it has come. So actually, the OP has come down on a sequential basis more than 
INR2 crores, but that's something that should not worry, doesn't worry us or anybody because 
there's a corresponding reduction in the expense also. It's not a margin accretive business. 
 
There is some amount of, when you say price reduction of the AMC, there is some amount of 
impact of price reduction on the transaction fee also. But overall, the transaction fee has 
remained broadly stable. There has been some reduction in OP and NFO fees, et cetera, which 
has kind of caused this blip in quarter-to-quarter number. 
 
But there's nothing exceptional that you need to know. This OP is something that entirely driven 
by the spend pattern of the particular quarter and depending on campaigns that AMCs are 
running, depending on audits that we need to do, which are reimbursed by the clients, et cetera, 
or some of the stationary expenses. So that's predominantly causing this difference. It is a INR2.5 
crores of reduction quarter-on-quarter is only because of OP. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
If I understood it right, you are at 2.16 bps yield today. So, every quarter for the full year, it is 
3.5%. Is it fair to say that 2.16% yield will see maybe every quarter kind of 1% depletion to 
arrive at full year of 3% to 4%. Is that a fair assumption? 
Ram Charan: 
Yes. I think the next quarter could be a little higher, as we said. But post that, I think that could 
be. We are actually in my computation around plus transaction around 2.25 bps and only on 
AUM around 2.13, 2.14%. We would expect at least 0.03 or something decline coming in the 
next quarter. But yes, overall, I think your assumption is valid. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect. And my second question is with respect to payment business. See, if you can 
break up that payment business into MF and non-MF, point number one. And second, given 
insurance played a role to drive the growth, now you are getting into the cards as a payment 
gateway.  And given it is highly competitive, how do you see it to play out, whether we 
predominantly MF and maybe insurance a bit? Or you think we will make meaningful inroads 
in cards with respect to payment. 
Ram Charan: 
So we have, as you know, the history historically, it's been entirely MF, but over the last few 
years, we have diversified successfully. My current recollection is it's around 50% plus MF and 
45% to 50% on non-mutual fund is the split up of the revenue. I don't get the exact number 
across to you, but it's broadly these numbers, especially given that we have signed new insurance 
companies, this is trending upwards from insurance companies or from a few education 
institutions that we have signed on. 
 
The focus, Sanket, is to diversify and to get non-mutual fund related business in. And I think the 
cards is one of the attempts that and we have got live. Cards, I think the possibilities are huge, 
especially from, if you're going to do from an insurance perspective for premium, we have 
traditionally stayed out of cards because of mutual fund that was not very relevant credit cards. 
But now we have got into it. 
 
We've got our own payment gateway set up, integrated with Master, Visa, RuPay. And then we 
have started operations. We have done a lakh of transactions already in the last quarter. So, I 
think the cards will grow in the current quarters. I think we are on track to make this 60% non-
mutual fund and 40% mutual fund as we go forward, probably in the 12 to 15 months from now. 
The margins could be something that we will watch out for because card transactions margins 
are a little lesser than what we used to in the ACH module. 
 
But I think overall perspective, we are confident of maintaining the 15-plus percentage margins 
as well as growing this business. The current, last year, we ended around INR50 crores. So, our 
internal target is to get it around INR70 crores in the current quarter. And I think we have enough 
tools in our hand to take it to that level. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Sir, is it fair to say that 25% growth what you are seeing in non-MF business, the heavy 
lifting probably will be done by the Payment Business. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Ram Charan: 
It is true that payment will contribute a lot to it, but I think insurance will also grow well, and 
we'll have to see whether the account aggregator and the think analytics also keeps pace. But 
yes, it is true that a lot of it is on these 2; insurance growing and payments growing and KRA is 
staying stable. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Got it. And probably the last one. Think360 has seen a bit of revival and Anuj alluded to 
that point in the call initially. So, this INR4.5 crores, INR4.6 crores run rate, what we are looking 
at 1Q for Think360 and will it hold up in subsequent quarters? And second, just on an absolute 
basis, any additional revenue coming in Think360 is EBITDA accretive or not or it comes at a 
cost? 
Ram Charan: 
Sorry, what was the second question, Sanketh? 
Sanketh Godha: 
I revenue coming from... Additional revenue what you it will add up to... 
Ram Charan: 
I think we are at a stage where we are close to breakeven Think Analytics. I think the INR4.5 
crores run rate that you are seeing will sustain, and we are hoping that it will improve in the 
course of the year. One of the reasons why we see the non-mutual fund margins will increase 
going forward is that a couple of the businesses, which is insurance as well as Think Analytics 
in the course of the year will turn profitable, right? 
 
Definitely be breakeven, but hopefully, we will also turn profitable. The run rate will sustain and 
probably there could be a small upside to it. And incremental revenue, I think the run rate is, if 
you get to a around INR5-odd crores a quarter, we start making money from Think Analytics. 
So, I think that will happen in the course of the year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ram Charan sir for closing comments. 
Ram Charan: 
And thank you to all the participants for their continued interest in CAMS and for the questions 
that were asked. Please do reach out to MUFG or to Anish Sawlani in case you have any 
questions, and we'll be happy to address those. Thank you once again for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Computer Age Management Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
