 
 
 
 
 
August 21, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Company code: 533333 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
Company code: FCL 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q1 FY2025-26 Earnings Conference Call held on August 13, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 
and with reference to our letter dated August 05, 2025, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the 
Investors/Analyst Concall held on Wednesday, August 13, 2025 at 05.00 PM on Q1 FY2025-26 financial result 
of the Company.    
 
The above information is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.fineotex.com  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED  
 
 
Sunny Parmar   
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
        
       Encl:  As above  
SUNNY 
BHARATBHAI 
PARMAR
Digitally signed by SUNNY 
BHARATBHAI PARMAR 
Date: 2025.08.21 16:45:30 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Q1 FY‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AARTI JHUNJHUNWALA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 
MR. ARINDAM CHOUDHURI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY TIBREWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER & EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR– FINEOTEX 
CHEMICAL LIMITED 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Conference Call of Fineotex 
Chemicals Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aarti Jhunjhunwala from Fineotex Chemicals Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Aarti. 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you very much, and good evening, everyone. Let me start by extending a warm welcome 
to everyone who has joined us on call today. It is always a pleasure to connect with our investors, 
analysts, and stakeholders. 
 
We deeply appreciate your time and continued trust in Fineotex Chemicals Limited. Before 
delving into the operational performance, I would like to give a brief overview of the company. 
Commenced as a specialty chemical company, we have evolved into a one-stop solutions 
provider offering specialty performance chemicals across diverse business lines, including 
textile chemicals, FMCG, cleaning and hygiene, oil and gas and water treatment. 
 
Our domain expertise, combined with deep customer relationships enables us to deliver high-
quality tailor-made solutions that address the evolving needs of the industries worldwide. 
Backed by a strong manufacturing base and a growing global footprint, we are well positioned 
to capture the immense global opportunities ahead. 
 
Operationally, our consolidated sales volume increased by 14.73% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
reflecting healthy performance across key geographies and product categories. I'm pleased to 
share that we recently commenced commercial operations at our new plant, which spreads across 
3 lakh square feet. This greenfield facility adds 15,000 metrics ton per annum of capacity, taking 
our total installed capacity to approx 120,000 metric tons per annum. 
 
Designed with a state-of-the-art manufacturing technology and a strong focus on environmental 
sustainability, this plant will enhance our ability to beat the rising global demand while adhering 
to highest ESG standards. This said, the expansion has been successfully executed within the 
planned timeline and budget funded through internal accruals and fund raise. 
 
During this quarter, the company has approved the grant of an additional INR58,797 stock option 
at a face value of INR2 to the eligible employees of the company pursuant to exercise of vested 
employee stock options. This reinforces our commitment to recognizing and rewarding the 
contributions of our talent pool, which remains integral to driving our growth. 
 
With regards to our expansion into water treatment and oil and gas, it is strongly progressing 
with a growing pipeline of orders in both domestic and export markets. We are leveraging our 
expertise to tap into significant growth potential in these sectors and already engaging with 
leading oil and gas companies as potential customers. This is all from my end. 
 
I would now like to ask Arindam ji to take us through our key developments. Thank you. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Arindam Choudhuri: 
Thank you, Aarti Ji. With focus on ESG and sustainability, we have forayed into oil and gas and 
water treatment verticals. In particularly oil and gas, higher upstream activity and refinery 
expansions are boosting demand for demulsifiers, corrosion innovators and stimulation 
chemicals. 
 
With a clear market shift towards eco-friendly and water-based formulation, we are in water 
treatment. The demand is being driven by industrial expansion, stricter environmental regulation 
by local and Zero Liquid Discharge that is ZLD mandates. This diversification reinforces our 
business resilience and position us to capture opportunities in high-growth and high-demand 
industries. 
 
On the industry front, the approved free trade agreement that is FTA between India and the U.K. 
is set to further strengthen our foothold in the U.K. and broader European markets, especially in 
the textile and specialty chemicals as explained by Aarti Ji. Lastly, we are proud to have been 
certified as a Great Place to Work for the fourth consecutive year, a testament to our strong 
workplace culture and employee-centric approach. 
 
So with this, I would like to hand over the call to Sanjay Ji, who will take us through the financial 
performance of our company. Thank you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you, Arindam Ji, and good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining in once again. As you 
know, since our listing, Fineotex has delivered a strong growth trajectory with our top line 
expanding at a CAGR of 28%, our revenues growing at 22% CAGR and PAT registering over 
50% CAGR over the last 5 years, underscoring the sustained demand for our products and 
performance. 
 
For the financial performance for the first quarter, our total income was INR146.22 crores, 
witnessing an increase of approximately 15% Q-o-Q basis. The gross profit for the quarter stood 
at INR45.96 crores, showing a growth of almost 6% and margins being healthy at 34% 
approximately. 
 
The EBITDA for the quarter was INR25.20 crores, growing at 18.34% sequentially, while the 
EBITDA margin showed an increase of 61 basis points, standing at 18.3%. The PAT witnessed 
an increase of 25% Q-o-Q basis approximately and is now at INR25.03 crores vis-a-vis 
INR20.13 crores in the last quarter. The PAT margin stood at 18.26%, witnessing an impressive 
growth of 145 basis points. 
 
The ROCI of the business stood at impressive 30.72% on a consol basis. The shares of exports 
in total income came to 24% during this quarter. The company has a healthy order book, 
reflecting its underlying business performance and customer trust. Our long-term strategy 
remains focused on developing our core businesses while diversifying in our new verticals as 
well. 
 
We have recently commenced the commercial operations of our new plant in Ambernath this 
month itself, increasing our capacity to approximately 120,000 tons, further strengthening our 
position in the market. Our disciplined financial management provides a solid foundation to 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
capitalize on the opportunities, both organic and inorganic, including strategic investments in 
R&D, market expansion and selective acquisitions aligned with our long-term vision. 
 
By maintaining a strong focus on operational excellence and a customer-centric solution, we 
aim to unlock new revenue streams and extend our presence across free and emerging markets. 
Backed by a clear road map and a healthy order pipeline and ongoing diversification into high 
potential sectors, we are well positioned to deliver value to our stakeholders and achieve our 
ambitious growth targets. With that, I now open the floor for questions. Over to you, Shruti. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Aryan Kumar from AB Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Aryan Kumar: 
Sir, my question is, sir, with the addition of the new facility, are you getting new orders, strong 
demand pipeline, as you have mentioned in the presentation? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes. I mean, is that the question? 
Aryan Kumar: 
Yes... This is the question. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So yes, that's right. And as such, we had acquired the premises last year January, and it took us 
almost, as per the plan, it took us almost 18 months to, within 18 months, we have initiated and 
commissioned the plant. So by and large, this adds to our production capacities by the Phase 1 
is 15,000 tons, so totaling to 120,000 tons right now. And these capacities are fungible. So, these 
can, the products which we supply to all the industries like FMCG, textile specialties, drillings, 
etcetera, all of these products can be made in the same facility. 
Aryan Kumar: 
Sir, my next question is any order flow for AquaStrike or it is delayed to next summer? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So basically, as you might have got our updates, we have got the approval from CIB. And 
thereafter, we have got the approval from Haffkine Institute also. Right now, we are in touch 
with NGOs and the government. There are certain registration process which are on. So most 
likely, we should be expecting some revenues in the coming times, in the near future. 
Aryan Kumar: 
Yes, means late next summer. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Right now, as we are in August, there is a lot of, we have just completed quarter 1. We are very 
hopeful in the near future, we should have some right news on that. 
Moderator: 
Aryan sir, I request you to rejoin the queue. Our next question is from the line of Devendra 
Kumar from EV Investments. 
Devendra Kumar: 
Congratulations for good quarter. Any guidance for the coming quarter, any uptick you are 
seeing in the FMCG, like you have mentioned in the previous con call or in the technical textile 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, Devendra ji. I mean we got your question. So regarding the technical textiles and regarding 
the FMCG, the business flow is looking good enough. Technical textile has always been our 
intrinsic part of our textile specialty chemical offerings. There is a huge demand coming up 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
because the technical textiles is mainly applicable more on the defense areas where they need 
specialty chemicals for giving water repellency, claim retardancy, blood repellant for the defense 
and other kind of fabrics. 
 
So that is, the demand is growing actually, globally, it is growing not only in India. So that's also 
helping us to produce more such kind of products. That's one. At the same time, giving a 
guidance in the last, like I also mentioned in today's introductory commentary, where we have 
mentioned that in the last 5 years, the company has almost performed to 45% to 50% CAGR.  
 
And if you see since the listing, in the last 56 quarters of the company being listed, there has 
been a significant, let's say, 28% to 30% growth in the last 14 years CAGR as well. So we can 
see that in going forward, we can expect certain kind of growth rates. It depends on what kind 
of the external factors happening, and that is the way we are very much optimistic with the 
opportunities which are coming to us now. 
Devendra Kumar: 
Next question is, in the presentation, I have read your market share in detergent market has 
increased. Can you please explain? Are you, have you acquired new customers or with the 
current customers, your order inflow has increased? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So this is a continuous ongoing process, and we are proud to tell you that we have been focusing 
more on sustainable solutions. As you know, that detergent is a $50 billion market. And even, 
and most of the chemicals which are used in detergent making is all not so eco-friendly and 
sustainability is coming up very strongly in that. If you see the updates from Procter & Gamble 
and Godrej, etc, most of them have decided to go for lapsa-free, acid-free, soda ash-free, and a 
lot of more product lines, considering the initiatives also from the government and also as a 
corporate, they have also taken the initiative to reduce the carbon footprint, etc. 
 
So in that lines, we are one of the early movers in this sector. Let's assume that even 10% of this 
market gets sustainable in the next 5 years. We are talking of almost 10% of a $50 billion market, 
which is like $5 billion market. And the offerings of the products which we have in this sector 
is almost 8% to 10%, so which also leaves us a very big room going forward. 
 
The takers of these sustainable solutions right now, more, or less is like BASFs of the world, 
BASF, Dow, Nowyen. So all of these companies are almost like $60 billion to $70 billion 
companies, and this is just one of the areas where they are present. So going forward, we are 
very excited. The faster the sustainability drive takes place in FMCG cleaning detergents, I think 
that will be a great move for us. So right now, that is happening. 
 
Many companies have gone forward and started working on sustainable solutions to replace their 
basic chemistry, basic chemicals. We have also increased a lot many products on those lines and 
many more customers are adding on day by day. Further, there is a shift of the market in 
detergents from earlier like it was mainly cake market, then it became powder market. 
 
Now more or less, everything is turning into liquids, detergent liquids. I mean internationally, 
so already people have started using the pods, which gets auto dissolving in the washing machine 
itself. India is a little bit late on that. But eventually, that would also happen. So yes, there is a 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
shift in the product mix, and we are also being making sure that we grab the new range of product 
lines also to make sure that we keep bidding the orders. So that's about it. 
Devendra Kumar: 
Okay. Sir, there is any cancellation of orders like from the textile side, we are hearing a lot. Any 
point of view from you? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So actually speaking, let's put it on a way, like, let's say, 10 days before, like 10 days prior to 
today, there was almost equal taxations by U.S.A. right from like Bangladesh is 20%, India is 
25%, Pakistan is 19%. India has its own segment like bed sheets, home textile and Bangladesh 
has its mode in the garments, but the kind of quality of Bangladesh and India is a little different 
on those lines. 
 
So that was the way it was going on. In fact, till now, these garment companies or the textile 
companies are only paying 6% duty. So in fact, the new rise of 25% is still, I mean, even the 
previous rise of 25% has not been affected till now. So there is no question about further 25% 
happening immediately. 
 
Having said that, India has opened up with U.K. U.K. is it still 40% of the textile demand of 
U.S.A. And it looks like already the companies of, like the garment companies of India and 
others have started taking substantial orders in U.K. So by and large, we don't see it's easy. So 
firstly, U.S. they can never produce the fabrics, okay? 
 
They are like the marketplace. They are not the factories of the production because the labor is 
very high. It's a polluting line as well. So basically, they have to turn to Bangladesh, India, 
Pakistan, or countries like them. So this is the place where we are. As such, our direct exposure 
to U.S. is negligible. 
 
However, if Indian textile companies who are exporting to U.S.A., if their orders gets postponed, 
then in that way, we can also have slight modifications in the order dispatches. But till now, 
there is no news at all. Everybody is having their own set of dispatches and everything is going 
quite normal and smooth even as we speak. So it's a very long story to predict what is going to 
happen, but I think India is in the right shape from all angles. 
 
And we don't see it as a threat right now. We, in fact, are looking at opportunities where this is 
the time where we are able to go to the customers and show them some more sustainable 
solutions or price-sensitive product lines and to replace our European co-producers who are 
already having a major share in these textile corporates. So we are using an opportunity from 
that angle. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. Sanjay Ji, just one question on this mosquito repellent thing that you had mentioned 
Aquastrike, any business flowing in from there? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So actually, this product is made in Malaysia. We have sales, very low level of sales in certain 
countries over there, which is not going for government applications. However, in India, the plan 
is a little different because in India, it's more controlled by government and others. And in fact, 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
every country, this is the way it works. Right now, there is a process which we have cleared. We 
have cleared a major hurdle of it, which was CIB, then we have an approval report from Haffkine 
Institute and which is really very encouraging reports actually. 
 
Now we are tying up on certain grounds. There is some factory verification process and 
approvals also, which is ongoing. We feel that in a month or 2 months' time maximum, we 
should be in a position to start beginning to see certain kind of progress on that numerical 
progress, commercial progress. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And secondly, on this U.S. tariffs, Malaysia has 19%. So are you exporting from Malaysia 
to U.S. or there is no exports going on from there? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Actually, I would like to mention to all the participants, and I mean, U.S.A. doesn't produce or 
process the textiles of garments. They are more like a marketplace like the Walmart, Turner 
Bianca, Target, Dunham's brand stop. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
So that doesn't work. It doesn't matter. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
It doesn't matter. I mean directly, it doesn't matter, 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. Correct, correct. Secondly, on this new plant that you have commissioned, 15,000 MTPA 
what is the order book there? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I mean the idea here is not about exactly having the order books in hand. The idea here is to start 
off because like when we started this, the previous plant 4 years back in 2021 November. That 
time also, it took almost 2 years to begin the plant and then we commissioned it, and then we 
could scale up from 20,000 to 40,000 to 61,000. The plan and the time involvement is mainly in 
the initial days and later, you can always have a staggering growth on it. 
 
At the same time, there are a lot of new technologies and processing and scale of operations, 
which we are going to bring about, which is going to help the company in reducing, have better 
storage, better kind of quality, better kind of processing. So all in all, there are a lot of many 
advantages, not only from the production capacity point of view. And as I said, already all these 
products are fungible. The capacities are totally fungible. These products can be produced in our 
existing facilities as well as the new facilities. It's not added only for a particular segment. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
So in quarter 1, what would be the capacity utilization of our, because that was not the time 
when your new plant was commissioned, right? So out of 105, -- what was the capacity 
utilization for Q1? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So it's almost 59%. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. So this, the cost would go up, but your Q2 margins will get impacted because of this new 
plant commissioning? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, actually, before the plant gets commissioned 6 months before itself, there will be a lot of 
other kind of cost, revenue expenses, etc. And for the sake of getting the credit of the GST, we 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
would always like to go for the revenue not for the capex kind of things. At the same time, so 
the expenses have already been levied since almost 6 months or something like that, the revenue 
expense, and other things to bring in it the prelim costs, etcetera. 
 
So overall, if you see, yes, so I mean, that is not a significant cost actually. It's not, our businesses 
are not driven on low margins or like production capacity utilizations. We have to be ready, we 
have more than 1,500 SKUs. There are certain products like, and we are adding more and more 
chemistries as well. Certain products are made after 1 day or 2 days of batches. Certain products 
are made in 2, 3 hours. 
 
So in case we get orders and we do get orders of products which have a longer production cycle. 
Now for that, we will always have to have that much room in production utilization. Also keep 
in mind, the production capex required and the cost per ton is not significant for the company. 
And all of them is done, it's a debt-free company. There is no loans on it for the expansion as 
well. 
 
And the optimum capacity utilization generally is not above 75% in the practical way because 
there is a lot of SOPs involved for the cleaning, and we have to make sure there is no 
contamination because there are a lot of reactions which happen before in the same because the 
capacities are fungible. So there are products which are made before the batches, which has to 
be well cleaned with the SOPs. So it consumes a lot of time. 
 
So practically, this is the right solution, and this is the way we have. In fact, when we started the 
Ambernath I in 2021, that time the capacity utilization of the Mahape plants and the Malaysia 
plant was below 52%, something like that. But gradually, we could scale it up. And then there 
are a lot of new big customers and corporate global companies, which visit us, they see the 
facility, they see the kind of infrastructure you have and then only they like to do the tie-up. 
 
So, all in all, there is a lot of importance to get the customer approvals, plant approvals, which 
also gets endorsed along with and then we get the businesses. So, it's a long process. This has 
been done at the right time at the, within the cost limits and within the expected timeline. So, the 
team has done a good job on this. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. Can I ask one last question? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, Vinay, please. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. So, can I get the revenue breakup for this quarter between textile chemicals, FMCG, water 
treatment and oil and gas? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, surely, you would be, I can, you want it right now. Okay. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
So, I can just, you can mail it whichever way. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Right now, okay, I mean from the volume point of view, 70%, I think this question will arise 
again in a few minutes. So rather I share with all participants now. So, in a nutshell, the volume 
basis, textile is almost 70% in the quarter 1. Health and hygiene, FMCG is almost 25% and the 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
remaining drilling is almost 5%. I mean, drilling is oil and gas, others. And in terms of the 
revenue mix, 80% is textile. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
And FMCG would be balance... 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No, no, no. I mean, no, drilling has picked up actually. Drilling has picked up to 4% already. 
Yes. And there is a significant value growth in our oils areas also. We have, in fact, gone 2.5x 
compared to our last quarter, and if you compare furthermore, it is almost like 10x plus. So that 
is something growing. So, I mean that ratio will not help you because that's just coming up. So, 
every time you'll see... A much larger one. 10x, 20x growth every time. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anupam Agarwal from Lucky Investment. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
Sanjay, my first question is again extending to the last participant's question, not financially, but 
more directionally, last year, we had seen a bit of a challenge and a pain point in the FMCG 
business, both on volume and in value. What is happening this year? Are we seeing some sort 
of turnaround? Some color on that aspect? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So to give you some more color, what has recently happened in this quarter itself, we have 
initiated successful orders, trial orders for big corporates and those are trial orders. I mean trial 
orders are also like tanker load orders for a couple of product lines, which is going in the liquids.  
 
So, this is something which has triggered a new era of the new businesses, new kind of 
development. At the same time, there has been further changes in the product mix, and we are 
quite confident that the coming times are going to be much better in the FMCG area, where 
companies have started understanding the importance of sustainability once again. 
 
At the same time, there has been also a softening of certain chemical prices and so that there is 
a room for them to use certain solution-driven performance boosters where we are. So, in the 
last 6 months or I mean, last 3, 4 quarters, if you see 3 quarters, there has been a drop also 
because the companies were not able to sell their premium range of products. However, the 
more, I mean, as we are proceeding ahead, it looks like the premium range has started picking 
up again, and you can see certain improvements coming up. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
Understood. So, by the end of this year, we should be on volume terms, be able to do what we 
did last year at peak? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I am quite positive about that personally. By the end of the financial year, surely, we should be 
back on that track. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
Understood... Understood. My second question is on the water treatment. What sort of 
engagement and dialogue is happening with the customers on that front, water treatment or oil 
and gas, particularly in the Middle East markets is where we were looking into. What's 
happening there? Any update? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, I mean, the drilling, oil and specialty chemicals are like, that's the area which we are very 
much positive. There is a shift of demand happening. So, most of the biggest corporate customers 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
of the world who are about $20 billion, $25 billion company, most of them have been mandated 
to shift things from China to India. And there are very less number of takers in Indian chemical, 
specialty chemicals to supply to this sector. 
 
So, we are very much hopeful on this sector. We have been getting great response on those lines. 
We have been growing our businesses very well on those things. And at the same time, we have 
been discussing, and we are already on NDA with a lot of these big giant companies and a lot of 
things are under progress. So, we are very helpful, very much confident that this division will 
be very helpful and contributing to a much bigger pie in the total revenues of the company and 
the profitability as well. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
So to get a sense, I mean, what sort of sales cycle are we witnessing in the water treatment 
business? Is it that once from sampling to PO, is it a long process of 3 to 8 months or what? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No. Actually, I'll tell you like in the oil specialty field, there is the process, the gestation periods 
are very long. This is because these are like massive companies, they take a very long time to 
change the chemicals. There are a lot of protocols, processes, things like that. However, there 
are many orders which we have cleared. I mean there is a lot of huge orders which we have got 
even in this current the quarters where we are now. And all of them are on a very, I mean, decent 
EBITDA levels, etcetera. 
 
So step-by-step, we are progressing very strongly. We have started taking participations with 
most of the global exhibitions like in NEFTEGAZ in Russia, in ADIPEC in UAE, I mean, in 
Abu Dhabi. Again, we are participating there. So, there is a lot of traction coming up, not only 
from the product range where we have evolved ourselves. At the same time, there's a big demand 
coming to India from all the Middle East countries, Russia, particularly as well. And we are 
working very aggressively on those lines. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
And last question, any update on the inorganic side? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, there are, I mean, like there are a lot of opportunities which have recently come 
furthermore, and we have been advancing certain discussions. We are under NDA for sure. As 
soon as we have certain more clarity on further advancements like before, we will always be 
updating all the investors through the stock exchange medium. And we expect that this financial 
year, definitely, there has to be some positive news on that. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
That would be all, wishing you all the best 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
To add to that, as you already know, perhaps that the company has a healthy cash, cash on bank 
balance, which is more than INR360 crores right now after the capex of INR117 crores in the 
last 16 months, the company has already done that much of investments. So after that, this is the 
cash on bank, which the company is available for any such of inorganic opportunities. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Parth Patel from Patel Investments. 
Parth Patel: 
Sir, I just had a couple of questions. First one is on the gross margin part. So we can see that 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year, we have seen a decline in the gross margins. And second 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
is following up with Vinay sir s question. I just wanted to know what is the total utilization. Even 
if you can give it in a percentage manner for this quarter, that would be helpful. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Okay. So to take the last question first, the production utilization is 59% right now, okay? I'm 
talking about the, see, basically, see, I mean, the kind of product lines we have is like we have 
more than 1,500 SKUs -- now this is, there are certain product lines and there are a lot of changes 
in the industry, which keeps happening. 
 
Sometimes there are more orders for polyester products, sometimes there are more order for 
cotton fabrics, sometimes for cotton towels, etcetera. All the products will not have the same 
kind of margins broadly. There are certain areas where there are sporadic demands coming up 
and sometimes the trend also changes. So right now, this is the place where we have reached.  
 
And we have also made sure that we have been gaining more visibility, getting more customer 
reach everywhere and making sure that we keep adding on more and more customers. Even this 
quarter, we have added a lot many more customers in spite of, let's say, supposedly to be having 
a little more softer quarter because of the U.S. tariffs stories and people started reducing their 
inventory. So this is what happened generally. 
 
Even in the COVID one, we could, we have all experienced that the quarter 1 and quarter 2 were 
significantly poor in 2021, in the year '20. And then you see in the next half year, which looks 
like to be repeating again that the next H2 will take care of not only the H1, but in fact, it will 
add to the entire businesses with some great growth. 
 
So this is what we had experienced in 2020 when all the buying houses reduced their inventory 
and purchases. And this is similar to what has happened. In spite of that, our company has, our 
team has been able to grow the businesses across the sector in the specialty oil as well as the 
textile specialty. Hygiene has grown from the previous quarter itself, but not to the quarter 1 
level of last year. 
 
That's okay. That's fine. But actually, the most important thing is that we have not lost any 
customer, any important customer we have never lost nor we have lost any important product of 
the customer. There has been change in the product mix. And sometimes what happens when 
there is a product mix changes, it takes a little bit of time to get into that kind of a product 
combinational play. 
 
At the same time, sometimes there is some ratio changes in the industry, which keeps happening. 
So we always need to be taking those things into account. But this is not the first time that we 
are experiencing in the last 56 quarters of being listed, the company has, I mean, everyone has 
seen ups and downs in chemical markets of supply shortages, China Plus One, COVID, etcetera.  
 
But the company has always been able to navigate strongly and proven its credibility for the 
customers, etcetera. And I think that's something which we take it up as a challenge and keep 
growing and keep going out. 
Parth Patel: 
Understood, sir. And if you could just give some more light on the gross margin part. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes. So that answer was regarding the gross margins that there are always such fluctuation of 
the kind of businesses, like say, let's say, polyester started growing more. And whenever 
polyester grows more, the consumption of the chemicals is slightly lower as well as it is not as 
profitable as in cotton. This is just one of the examples just to explain you, there is always a 
fluctuation in the trend. 
 
It's not that we have reduced our prices at all. It's not that we had to rush for getting the 
businesses, etcetera. And when the markets are slightly slower, we also like to gain more 
attention and we try to get more businesses from the customers. That's fine. But that doesn't 
mean that we have been intentionally reducing our selling prices. 
 
That's not the way this industry works. Our line is more of a work it in solution businesses. It's 
not a kind of a product where if, let's say, Gujarat Narmada is reducing the price, then Luxi 
Korea also has to reduce the price. This doesn't work like this. It's more of a specialty solution-
driven business. Exactly. 
Parth Patel: 
Can I just ask one more question? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, yes, please, please. 
Parth Patel: 
Yes. So I know that since the past couple of quarters, we have been doing a lot of marketing 
spend, which has resulted into a lower EBITDA. So just wanted to know that for how many 
quarters it is going to continue? And if it's an ongoing process, what would be the stabilized 
EBITDA margin that... 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So actually, there are certain number of, I mean, certain periods in our previous history also, let's 
say, if you consider 2019 and '18, where the company has added a lot many sales force, technical 
experts, pan-India in Bangladesh, etcetera, at the same time, done a lot of geographical presence 
globally, exhibiting all over. 
 
So the result generally comes in a couple of years, surely. There is also a brand building process 
which the company keeps doing. And this is something which we have again done. So I think in 
the coming times, we can go back to the original EBITDA margin level, which we have seen in 
the last 4, 5 years. 
Parth Patel: 
Got it. So let's say, for the next couple of years, we can keep it at around 18% to 20%. And then 
after that, we can continue with the 24%, 25% that we have been doing. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
We'll try to bring it up as soon as possible. It all depends on the external factors also. So 
sometimes, so basically, we are, even if the businesses what we have acquired now is also based 
on our internal performances. It's not that the customers' demand have gone up actually, okay? 
So, once the external factors are also helping and supporting the industry in a general way, we 
are very sure the consumption pattern per customer is going to go up. 
 
When that happens, you will, of course, see a better, the same kind of expenses, you will see a 
better kind of gross margins in absolute numbers, EBITDA numbers, absolute numbers. So 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
automatically, the EBITDA margins, etcetera, will also be much better, the cost of the company 
will be fixed going forward. 
Parth Patel: 
Got it. And just for the sake of repeating, can you just let me know what the plan is on the 
inorganic part? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I mean there are 2 things I would like to mention. The company has already done an inorganic 
acquisition in 2011. So after listing on 11th March 2011, within 3 months of the listing, we have 
used the IPO proceeds to acquire a stake in a European specialty chemical company producing 
the same range of chemicals, which has synergy with Fineotex, and it's been produced in 
Malaysia. The concept was to have the Asian cost and the European technology. That's what 
everyone is looking at right now. 
 
Nobody wants the European cost. Everyone wants the European quality, but they want the Asian 
cost. So Biotech has been one of those, it's founded by Europeans. It is still co-owned by 
Europeans and Germans who are holding 28% stake in the company, living in Dusseldorf in 
Germany and shuttling around and taking care of Biotech as the CEO as well. So that was our 
first international made in acquisitions and the company has scaled very well. 
 
There has been a lot of synergies. So what we look in an inorganic acquisition opportunity is, 
firstly, as you see, we are very cash disciplined and we are not so gracious enough in giving very 
high valuations to the target. So we would love to, we look at companies which has synergy in 
our businesses, either in the target markets, verticals or in the similar kind of chemistries, which 
we are already doing. 
 
And after that, there has to be a certain value which can justify in case a company borrows the 
money from the bank and pays, let's say, 9% interest. So there has to be and definitely an 
EBITDA accredited from day 1 of the acquisition. That's what we look at. 
 
Of course, the other hygiene checks and the debt, etcetera, book values, of course, the other 
ratios and things should be very healthy, and it should be sustainable. And most important, it 
should be a business which we can drive it, and there has to be a good synergy amongst it. So I 
can only tell you about these kinds, what are we looking at? This is what we are looking at. 
 
In the last 2, 3 years, we have used to very advanced level of discussions with certain companies. 
Plus in the last quarter also, we have reached to advanced level of discussions. It's still under 
NDA. A lot of due diligence has been happened in the past. There are a lot of negotiations going 
on, things like that. 
 
In fact, I, this is, in fact, the right time to look at companies because due to this global, let's say, 
not so great scenario, most of the companies might not be doing so well. And maybe that has 
also reduced the target expectations. We are, I mean, this is just a general discussion. I'm not, so 
I think this is the right time for companies like us to go for the acquisition because this is a good 
time to buy. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
And as you can also see that we have already raised the finance last year, where the promoter 
has also contributed almost INR44 crores. And going forward, I think that's the right way to look 
at the company in the coming times. So we are in the right direction, and we are just looking to 
find the right match for the company and going forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Bhavin Soni from B&K Securities. 
Bhavin Soni: 
Sir, can you help me the revenue mix for the quarter and FY '25 between Textile and FMCG and 
oil and drilling, if any, last year and this quarter? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So basically, like the revenue mix is almost 80% is textile. And yes, the remaining is hygiene, 
FMCG drilling, all put together is almost like 20%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ravi, an individual investor. 
Ravi: 
Sir, I wanted to know the market size of the mosquito product that we are targeting. What is the 
potential market size? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, it's a very difficult point to mention right now. I can only mention to you the products 
which it replaces is like BTI and Abate and MLO, which is also known as AMO, antimalarial 
oil in many countries, it is known as this. So basically, if you just consider the kind of subsidies, 
not even subsidies, I can say, the NGO markets for this, which are financed by big foundations, 
the data which we had as per the Google was it's, I think $2 billion was the kind of given by the 
NGOs for the distribution of these product lines. So these businesses are very big. I'm talking of 
global demand. 
 
However, this has, this is a lot of steps. It's a big thing. And this is the first time like it's very 
ecologically proven. It is proven by Haffkine Institute also. Haffkine Institute is one of the oldest 
institutes, which had also detected or bone solutions for plague 120, 30 years back. So we have 
very strong approvals from them, and they are also very much charged that these kinds of 
businesses should be approved by the government very soon, and there has to be distribution. 
So we are in the process of that now. Let's see how it goes, yes. 
Ravi: 
And sir, your product is eco-friendly. So I think no other product is there in the market. I think 
your product is more superior and eco-friendly products. So are there other products that are 
eco-friendly in the market? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So right now, what is happening is Abate, BTI and AMO, MLO, all are these products which 
are based on basically crude oil derivatives. So these are not only harmful for, I mean, the same 
water comes in for the human consumption also, but at the same time, it damages -- affects a lot 
of aquatic life. Further this, there is a very short life of these products. It doesn't work in brackish 
water. So this is one step advancement. 
 
In fact, this has been proven by Institute of Medical Research in Malaysia. In 2008 onwards, 
Biotech Malaysia was developing this one. When we entered this company in 2011, it was not 
yet commercialized. And there was a lot of trials and discussions going on with the government 
there, vector bones, etcetera. finally, in 2015, they had given us the approval of that product. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Then it took more years, a number of years to get this kind of approval, that kind of approval. 
So there was a lot of time which has gone into that business. 
 
So, and India is not, it's not so easy to do in the terms of government approvals and government. 
There's a big process and protocols, which we have to progress. We have to focus. So that's all 
we are doing right now. I think, I think a major work has been done. There is a lot of work still 
left out, but I think it's in the right direction. 
Moderator: 
I request you to rejoin the queue for more questions. Our next question is from the line of Kautuk 
Yemdey from Axanoun Investments. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to know one thing. I think in one of 
your answers, you replied that the prices have come down. So did we take any inventory write-
down in this quarter? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Could you repeat, sorry, what has come down? 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
You mentioned that chemical prices have come down in this quarter. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No, what I mentioned is -- no, no, no, no. What I mentioned is that in the detergent businesses, 
the prices of basic chemicals have slightly gone down, which allows these companies, the 
detergent FMCG companies to use premium performance boosters and such solutions, which 
can enhance their product line more because ultimately, they cannot pass the increase to the 
consumers, the FMCG companies. So right now, there is a scope of adding more of our 
performance boosters, which will automatically increase our output. So that's the way it is. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Okay. So we did not take any inventory write-downs. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No, no, no, no, not that way. No, no. That was not what I meant, yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. Sanjay Ji, one last question. Since we are so heavily dependent on textile chemicals, if this 
U.S. tariff doesn't really go away and really impacts, you see a major problem coming in Q3, 
Q4? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So basically, I would like to mention like India is the biggest market right now with 1.5 billion 
people, and this is totally taken care by domestic, I mean, domestic production only, number 
one. Number two, U.K. has opened up, which is 30% of U.S. And the third thing is the quality 
of India is totally different compared to Pakistan or Bangladesh. In fact, the product mix are also 
not exactly overlapping when you talk about GSMs and other things. And number three, U.S. 
can never make these kinds of products. It's impossible. I mean it doesn't fit to the, they are more 
of consumption-based business. They are not a production houses. 
 
So I, in fact, we don't foresee such things happening, number one. Even if it so happens, we are 
already very strongly present in Bangladesh. We have an office. We are adding more and more 
team members also. So the market doesn't come here, it goes there. So that doesn't change our 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
focus areas. At the same time, we are working with almost 70 countries right now, and we have 
our distributor customers everywhere. The market, even if it moves from one shop to another 
shop, we are already available every place. So it doesn't mean a great problem to us right now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Parth Patel from Patel Investments. 
Parth Patel: 
I just had one last question. So if you see historically, our FMCG used to be the dominant part 
of the revenue mix, around 60% or so, if I remember correctly, and now it has come down to 
about 20%, 25%. So I just wanted to know that why has this changed happened over the last few 
years? Was it COVID? Or was there some other factors that come in play? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No. Actually, what has happened is we had a new subsidiary in Fineotex itself, and we have the 
115 BB the tax benefits also for the new investments in the company. So a lot of our businesses 
has also been started in the new, this thing, new entity, which is under India itself. So there has 
been a modification, let's say, there has been a reduction in the stand-alone. But in the India 
consol or maybe the entire consol, you will see that much, that business has been shifted around 
there also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time concerns, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sanjay Tibrewala for closing comments. Thank you, sir. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you, participants, for joining in. I would like to thank our 
employees, customers, investors and all the stakeholders for their continued support and trust in 
Fineotex. Our journey so far has been one of the most resilient, adaptable, innovative, and we 
are doing our level best as always, and we are very much committed to create a long-term value 
for all of the investors. 
 
And if, we are very much open. If you have any more further questions, kindly let us know, you 
can write to us or our Investor Relations company Adfactors. And we, our team will be very 
much excited to answer with all your questions with the maximum information we can do. Thank 
you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Good evening once again. Bye-bye. Thank you. On behalf of Fineotex Chemicals 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
