 
 
 
Registered Office: Bosch Limited, Hosur Road, Bangalore-560030, Karnataka, India     
Managing Director: Guruprasad Mudlapur, Joint Managing Director: Sandeep Nelamangala 
Bosch Limited  
Post Box No:3000 
Hosur Road, Adugodi 
Bangalore-560030 
Karnataka, India   
Tel +91 80 67523878 
www.bosch.in 
L85110KA1951PLC000761 
Secretarial.corp@in.bosch.com  
  
 
    
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) regulations, 
2015- Disclosure of Transcript  of the Investors’ Concall 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find attached 
herewith the transcript of the investors’ call with Investors/Analysts held on                           
August 5, 2025. 
This is for your Information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Bosch Limited, 
 
 
 
 
V. Srinivasan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Code:500530                                                     Symbol: BOSCHLTD  
 
 August 07, 2025 
Venkatara
man 
Srinivasan
Digitally signed 
by 
Venkataraman 
Srinivasan 
Date: 2025.08.07 
10:20:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Bosch Limited Q1 FY '26 Post Results Conference 
Call” 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD MUDLAPUR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER, BOSCH 
LIMITED 
MS. KARIN GILGES – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BOSCH LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – B&K SECURITIES 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bosch Limited QI FY '25-26 Post Results 
Conference Call hosted by B&K Securities. 
From Bosch Management we have with us today, Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur - Managing 
Director and Chief Technology Officer; Ms. Karin Gilges - Chief Financial Officer. 
At this point, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the management presentation and opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I will start with a briefing for 
you first and then we will get into Q&A. 
In the last few months, we witnessed wars in various regions, prolonged US tariff discussions 
with its trade partners, growth disparity between developed markets and the emerging markets 
sort of compounded by persistent supply chain challenges. 
The global landscapes are being redefined by BANI, it is a new term, Brittle, Anxious, Non-
linear and Incomprehensible to some extent requiring new approaches at business level to 
navigate them. As global attention focuses on the final stage of the US-led trade tariffs and the 
decisions thereof, the IMF's July 2025 update now expects global growth of 3% in 2025 up from 
an earlier April forecast of 2.8% despite persistent uncertainties. India's resilience certainly 
stands out as the IMF upgraded its 2025 growth forecast to 6.4% reaffirming its role as a key 
engine of global expansion amid broader uncertainty. 
In the last quarter, the RBI took a series of easing measures including consecutive repo rate cuts 
and a reduction in the cash reserve ratio aimed at boosting economic growth and improving 
liquidity conditions. With inflation easing and consumer price index at multi-year low in June, 
the RBI is expected to pause further rate cuts to assess their immediate impact on demand and 
credit. Monsoon performance will be key to growth in the coming quarters. Overall, domestic 
reforms and government spending on infrastructure are expected to continue with visions of 
Atmanirbhar Bharat especially against the backdrop of global trade tensions and geopolitical 
conflicts. 
Next slide please. India's automotive industry has shown an upward trend in Q1 FY '26, 
particularly in tractors and three-wheelers, while passenger vehicles, two-wheelers and 
commercial vehicles have seen mild improvements, indicating a cautious market recovery. 
Moderate growth was observed in passenger cars despite challenges from heavy monsoons, tight 
liquidity and geopolitical tensions with SUVs and CNG EV models starting to gain market 
momentum. Heavy commercial vehicles experienced positive growth due to pre-buying ahead 
of the mandatory air conditioning regulations mandated by the Ministry of Road Transport and 
Highways for cabins in medium and heavy duty trucks manufactured from October 1st, 2025. 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
This pre-buying is driven by expectations of 1%-2% cost increase due to the new regulation. 
The bus segment continues to thrive supported by the PM e-Bus Sewa scheme. 
Light commercial vehicles witnessed a slight degrowth though passenger carriers remained 
stable. Goods carriers suffered or faced challenges from a softening economy and competition 
from three-wheeler segment particularly in the low tonnage category. The three-wheeler 
segment performed well driven by domestic and export demand and achieved double digit 
growth particularly due to EV penetration in the last mile use cases. Tractors recorded robust 
growth due to timely sowing, favorable monsoon forecast, higher minimum support prices and 
improved farm liquidity supported by favorable volumes of Rabi output. While export demand 
is stable and electric two-wheelers are gaining momentum, domestic sales and production were 
impacted by Hero MotoCorp's plant maintenance shutdown. 
Next slide please. In this slide, we have illustrated the market trajectory across FY '24-‘25 and 
FY '26 forecast along with highlighting the volume peaks achieved for each segment. The 
automotive market ended on a positive note in FY '25 reaching an all-time high in passenger 
cars and sustaining the momentum in other categories. Passenger vehicles growth in FY '26 is 
expected to remain moderate impacted by high inventory levels and muted consumer demand 
for mini micro categories and potential component shortages for EV due to Chinese export 
restrictions, a key watch out for the remaining part of the financial year. New model launches 
may offer support to overall volumes. The overall commercial vehicle segment is projected to 
grow at moderate single digit owing to headwinds from evolving comfort norms. However, 
better financing, infrastructure revival, rural demand and fleet replacement trends will support 
the growth of this segment. 
The tractor segment is projected to perform better this fiscal year supported by strong rural 
demand, a favorable monsoon forecast and rising minimum support prices for key crops. The 
two-wheeler growth in FY '26 is expected to reach an all-time high fuel by the upcoming festive 
season and an above normal monsoon that could boost rural incomes. While challenges like the 
new OBD 2 Phase-B emission norms, stricter safety norms and high base effect pose headwinds, 
the overall outlook remains optimistic. This optimism is supported by easing inflation, stronger 
rural sentiment and rising disposable incomes further boosted by tax rebates for individuals 
earning up to 12 lakhs and a cumulative 100 basis point rate cut together enhancing customer 
confidence and affordability. The three-wheeler market is poised for steady growth in FY '26 
fuelled by increasing passenger demand, accelerating EV adoption and sustained last mile 
mobility solutions serving both urban and rural areas. 
Next slide please. Quarter-on-quarter, the mobility business has grown by 14.3% in April-June 
25 as compared to April-June 24 driven mainly by growth in power solutions business by 13.7% 
on account of higher demand for diesel components mainly from off highway and passenger car 
segments. The mobility aftermarket business which grew at 5.2% on account of higher demand 
for filters, lubricants and wiper systems, significant growth in two-wheeler business was seen 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
mainly on account of ramp up in sale of exhaust gas sensors due to implementation of OBD 2 
norms from 1st of April 2025. 
The consumer goods business grew by 9.3% driven by higher demand for tools and accessories. 
Building technologies business declined by 65.3% mainly due to the sale of Video Solutions and 
Access and Intrusion and Communication systems business. On a quarter on sequential quarter 
basis, mobility business has grown by 5.2% in April-June 25 as compared to Jan-March 25 
driven mainly from growth in power solutions business by 4.5% driven by increased demand 
resulting from higher volumes in passenger car and heavy commercial vehicle segments. Two-
wheeler business also grew by 39.2% over the previous quarter due to increase in sale of exhaust 
gas sensors resulting from OBD 2 norms implementation from 1st of April 2025. The consumer 
goods business declined 20.3% due to seasonal impact. Building technologies business declined 
64.7% mainly due to the sale of Video Solutions, Access and Intrusions and Communication 
systems business. 
Overall, revenue from operations in April-June 25 stood at 47,886 million INR which grew by 
10.9% over April-June 2024. The growth is driven by increase in sales in Power Solutions, Two-
Wheeler Powersports, Mobility Aftermarket business and Consumer Goods business as seen in 
the previous slide. Overall revenue for April-June 25 declined by 2.5% over Jan-March 25 while 
power solutions and two-wheeler power sports business segments saw a growth. This was offset 
by reduction due to lesser sales in business technologies division resulting in sale of Video 
Solutions, Access and Intrusion and Communication systems business. 
EBITDA in April-June 25 was 6,393 million INR which grew by 23% over the same quarter of 
the previous year. The improvement in EBITDA margin is mainly on account of growth in 
revenue and improvement in material cost. EBITDA in April-June 25 was 6,393 million INR 
which marginally declined by 1.2% over the sequential quarter. The decline in EBITDA is 
mainly on account of lower sales in current quarter compared to the previous quarter. Profit after 
tax stood at 23.3% of revenue from operations as compared to 10.8% over the same quarter of 
previous year. The increase is on account of improved EBITDA margins and on account of profit 
on sale of Video Solutions, Access and Intrusions and Communication systems business which 
was recognized during the quarter. 
Likewise, profit after tax for the quarter April-June 25 was 23.3% of revenue from operations as 
compared to 11.3% over sequential quarter. The increase is again due to recognition on profit 
on sale of Video Solutions, Access and Intrusions and Communication systems business. At the 
heart of electrification is Bosch Mobility providing key technologies like vehicle control units 
and electric coolant pumps. The VCU acts as the brain of the vehicle managing how it drives by 
adjusting torque and switching between all wheel and rear-wheel drive based on road conditions. 
The electric pump is configured to satisfy future battery cooling requirements during fast 
charging. In addition, it supports simultaneous cooling of two powerful e-axles. 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
In the two-wheeler space, Bosch is powering multiple models while continuously improving the 
systems on offer to meet the market and regulatory requirements. New project acquisitions 
reinforce Bosch's commitment to delivering seamless engineering and manufacturing capability 
for India. With every rollout, we are moving one step closer to shaping the new era of mobility 
together in India. 
Next slide, please. With these updates, I conclude my speech. Thank you for listening patiently. 
We will now address your queries. Please feel free to ask your questions. Thank you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question will be 
from Mr. Pramod Amte. Please unmute and ask your question. 
Pramod Amte: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So this is with regard to the two-wheeler business. 
Congrats for such a strong growth and a quick response to set up the capacity. I wanted to know, 
since the capacity came on board pretty fast, what is the extent of localizations you have been 
able to achieve there? And second, is it fair to assume now two-wheeler as a vertical is almost a 
double-digit contribution to revenue? 
Karin Gilges: 
I pick first with regard to the two-wheeler business and for the strong growth, yes, you are right, 
we are seeing the strong growth. It is especially in the content and regarding the contribution, of 
course, two-wheeler is a very important contributor to our overall turnover in the Mobility, 
nevertheless, we do not give segmental numbers. Regarding localization, we were expecting 
because a lot of the content is coming out of the OBD 2 and therefore, we were prepared for this 
and this is localized and delivered from our Bidadi plant. And so we are happy to have the 
localization on board and we are more than happy to see now the ramp up in the two-wheeler 
business. 
Pramod Amte: 
Thanks. And the second one is the purchase goods seems to be easing off and as you guys are 
also doing the localization for other components, wanted to know how are customers looking at 
it? Do they allow you to keep the benefits with you majority or you feel the competitive intensity 
has changed now and you may have to pass on some of it to the customers? 
Karin Gilges: 
I would answer the first part and this is regarding material costs. I think, yes, we are going ahead 
with the localization, but also, we have to see the product mix because it is depending on the 
material costs. We have another perspective and this is what we trade and what do we 
manufacture. And depending on the demand of the market, we see certain quarters where we 
have a higher part of the traded goods and we have quarters where we see a lower portion of 
traded goods. And in April-June 25, it was in favor of the manufactured goods. That means the 
demands from the customers were mainly out of all manufactured goods here in India and this 
is then, of course, also influencing the material cost. Nevertheless, you are right that we are 
going also ahead with the localization. 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Just to add on the pricing that you asked, these are all based on customer contracts, so they vary 
and we do what is agreed with the customer. 
Pramod Amte: 
Sure, thanks and all the best. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks, Pramod. Mr. Chandrakant, you can unmute and ask your question. I think there is no 
response. Mr. Sriram, you can unmute and ask your question. 
Sriram: 
Yes, two questions. Sorry. I have two questions. One is on the MoU between Bosch and Tata 
Electronics, how this will benefit the listed entity? And secondly, there is a note given in the 
quarterly financials regarding restructuring of the mobility business. If you can elaborate on this, 
that would be helpful? Thank you. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I will take the first and Karin will help you with the second one. See, the MoU is between Bosch 
Germany and Tata Electronics and the MoU period is for a year to explore potential cooperation 
opportunities in semiconductors and OSAT topics. So this is something we are exploring 
together with them and the MoU is actually between Bosch Germany and Tata Electronics. Right 
now, there is no direct benefit out of this MoU. It is a very early stage exploration with Tata 
Electronics and the connection could be that once we are making progress and we are able to see 
some localization possibilities with semiconductors, we could see some benefits going forward. 
So this is an early exploration MoU with Tata Electronics. 
Karin Gilges: 
Coming to the second part of the question, this was regarding the restructuring Mobility business 
and this is, if we look from an angle from the commercial prudence and that we are looking 
forward to have a shift in the technologies. I give you an example, for example, also a TRAM 5 
in the future going to a common rail and therefore we have to look all the time into our balance 
sheet and have to look at volume changes in product portfolio etc., and then we have the principle 
of commercial prudence that we build up some provisions where we have it out of the 
calculations. So that is the background. 
Sriram: 
So just a follow-up on that, is there any plan to merge the sister entities with Bosch India? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
We have already made a statement on this towards SEBI. See, the thing is we continuously look 
at opportunities on what can be enhanced, what can be divested, what can be changed in our 
product portfolio and this is always an ongoing ordinary course of business for us. At this point 
of time, I would say there is nothing concrete in any form which is worth reporting even to the 
regulator or disclosing it beyond that. So as and when there is something, we will get back to 
you. But at this point, there is nothing to report. 
Sriram: 
Thank you so much. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks, Sriram. Mr. Chandrakant, you can unmute and ask your question. 
Chandrakant: 
Yes, hello. Are you getting me? 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Yes, we could hear you. 
Chandrakant: 
Yes, my question is regarding this hydrogen ecosystem for commercial vehicles. Our solution is 
ready, but where does the government stand in terms of the hydrogen refilling stations, etc. How 
long will it take to be a dominant business? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I won’t put a precise date and timing on this. Hydrogen is in a very early phase right now. We 
are working with OEMs towards technology maturity exercise with various OEMs on getting 
the technology matured. As you can imagine, this also requires quite some development of the 
ecosystem, the generation of hydrogen, the distribution, pumping, storage, all those aspects to 
be sort of developed and installed on different or in different areas before we can see some 
commercial exploitation of this. So at this point of time, I would not go beyond that to give a 
very specific date because it maybe too early. Our focus is on maturing the technology and then 
I am sure similar things are happening with the ecosystem players on how they want to get the 
rest of the things aligned. 
Chandrakant: 
Thank you, sir. My second question, which is a brief one. In your global report, you have been 
talking about electrification and electronification. In India, this electronification bit is outside 
the listed entity and then in global report again consolidation of mobility is considered. So can 
we expect something to happen on electronification in the listed entity? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
See, I assume when you say electronification, you are referring to the electronics manufacturing 
that happens in our privately held company? 
Chandrakant: 
Yes, for Mobility. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So all I can say is there was a very good reason why it was set up like this and the unit is 
more or less a contract manufacturer to us and supplies all electronics through the listed entity. 
And at this point of time, I do not want to speculate any further changes and that is how it is. If 
there is any change in the structure or any change in the business operations, we will update you. 
Chandrakant: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for your clearances. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks, Mr. Chandrakant. Anybody asks a question, please raise your hand. In the meantime, I 
will go through the Chatbox. There is a question on this Johnson Control unit acquisition. So 
can you please provide color on recent acquisition of Johnson Control unit, how this acquisition 
will integrate with Bosch India operations? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So this Johnson Controls-Hitachi acquisition is again a global acquisition for Bosch. It is 
one of our biggest acquisitions so far. The portfolio is very complimentary to us in terms of the 
HVAC for residential and industrial applications. This comes in as a separate division, which is 
currently not within the listed company and it is expected to stay that way for now. And there is 
India operation of this, which is also going to remain that way for now. We will see how this 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
develops and if there is any change on the portfolio or in the business operation, we will certainly 
update you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Sir, next question is on this, from the annual report, what we have specified in the annual report, 
they have re-quoted. I will just read that. Starting in 2025, Bosch Power Solutions India will lead 
the powertrain and vehicle technology business for the commercial vehicle segment. As 
regulatory frameworks evolve, particularly in areas like ADAS and braking, Power Solutions 
will spearhead the adoption of technologies in electrification, steering, braking systems and 
advanced driver assistance for the Indian market. So the question is whether we will be involved 
in this powertrain, braking and all those things? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, for the commercial vehicles, yes. It doesn't mean that all activities will happen. The business 
ownership will happen for the commercial vehicles area through the listed entity. Power 
Solutions will take that. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
And the next question is, in your presentation, we spoke about VCU for EV. Is it manufactured 
by the Bosch listed entity or by the sister concern and traded now? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
It is, all electronics, as I have said before, is manufactured by our sister entity, which specializes 
in electronic manufacturing and operates more or less as a contract manufacturer for the listed 
entity. And that is how it is currently. And the sale of the VCU happens through the listed entity. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
We will go to the Q&A box. Somebody raised their hand. Mr. Balasubramanian, you can unmute 
and ask your question. Mr. Balasubramanian? I think he is still not there. I will go through the 
Chatbox, sir. We are growing at 40% quarter-on-quarter in two-wheeler segment due to new 
projects. How long do we expect this high growth to continue? Will volumes scale gradually or 
its volume will stabilize after initial ramp-up this year? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
The volumes will stabilize after ramp up. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
And then there is a question on the overseas market. Is the worst over for the auto market in 
Europe? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Sorry, can you repeat again? 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
No, in the Europe market, is the worst over for the auto segment in Europe? That was the 
question. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I would not say that the worst is over. As you know, the global economy and we talked about it 
also in my first slide. Most of the advanced economies are either stagnant, not growing or 
growing very slowly. And that is the trend in most of these advanced economies and thereby the 
auto sales are also quite muted in these geographies. And I believe at this point of time, we will 
see very muted growth in these economies. 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Then there is a question on this rare earth magnet issue. So how does it impact Bosch and in 
your view, how it will impact the OEMs? 
Karin Gilges: 
So we can answer of course for Bosch. Overall, we see the rare earth topic is not only in India, 
not only singular suppliers like Bosch, but it is an overall topic. Therefore, of course, fastly after 
we got the information that this is happening, we have implemented a task force here in India 
and also implemented a task force for Bosch Global where we from India are part of. So 
therefore, we have screened all our material numbers, we have set the applications, we get strong 
support from our parent company, not only from Robert Bosch China to place the applications 
into the right channels, but also from the overall Bosch Global Task Force where we have a good 
overview over the whole Bosch Group. Where are inventories? How are the material flow? What 
can we do? So, therefore, of course, we see an impact. We see inventory coverage until end of 
August. We are working on several options. We are not going only for one option to reduce the 
risk as much as possible. For the OEM itself, of course, I cannot make here a statement. I can 
only give you our view as Bosch Limited in India. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Then there is a question on this divestment now. The recent divestment of the building 
technologies, Video Solutions, Access and Communication system business suggests business 
focus realignment. What is Bosch approach to portfolio management and what criteria determine 
which businesses to retain, grow, divest or merge? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So it is a very interesting question on portfolio management and I will give you our group stance 
globally. We want to be in the top 3 in every segment we operate. Of course, that is not always 
possible in all segments, but in most of the core segments that we operate, we want to be in the 
top 3. And our effort and endeavor is always to ensure that that happens. And as a consequence 
of that, we are constantly evaluating all our portfolio to see how to ensure that we have growth 
in these portfolio segments and we are able to add value and be a dominant player. So based on 
this, certain portfolio actions are taken and one of them was the building technologies area of 
Video Solutions, Access and Communication systems, where we realized that significant 
additional investment, a lot of IP and a lot of change dynamics are required to make this into a 
top performer, which we believed at that point of time was not in our focus. So that was the 
reason we decided to hive off. And the reasons could be different for other portfolio decisions 
and I can't comment on that, but this was how it was felt. But that is the general principle of how 
we look at portfolio choices. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Then there is a question on EV, sir. So Indian market is moving in two-wheelers and three-
wheelers more towards EV. So how does Bosch plan to capitalize on emerging EV trends in 
India? What are your strategic priorities to maintain and expand market share in this evolving 
sector? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
See, we are a dominant technology supplier in the EV space worldwide. And even in a very 
highly competitive market like China, Bosch is an extremely strong supplier of EV technologies 
to several OEMs in China and we are quite dominant there. We have a portfolio which ranges 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
from two-wheeler electrification all the way up to heavy commercial vehicle electrification and 
we offer that to all OEMs globally. It is also the same endeavor for us in India to remain a 
dominant player and offer these technology solutions to all our OEMs locally and this is what 
we are doing. We hope to have some, we are in good discussions with several OEMs on 
electrification projects right now and we hope to have some good news in the coming months. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I will just try again. Mr. Balasubramanian, you can unmute and ask your question. I think he is 
still. He is not able to. I will just go through the question by Chatbox again. Any opportunities 
Bosch working on ADAS? What is the outlook on this? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So Bosch is working on ADAS for a long time globally. We are also supplying ADAS 
solutions globally to multiple OEMs and we see good opportunities for this. Currently, the 
portfolio does not belong under Bosch Limited. It is with our sister company outside of Bosch 
Limited. But we see a good opportunity for ADAS as we go forward and this is something that 
currently there is quite a lot of work happening outside of Bosch Limited. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Then there is a question on exports. Export business outlook for Bosch Limited both on near 
term and medium term perspective, any major new product line opportunities in the coming 
years and any target for export in the medium term? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. Thank you very much for this question. So we showed you already that we have 
implemented the new NOx line in the Bidadi plant where we are currently in the ramp up and 
where we have also a certain volume on export on the line in the future. So we see a growth in 
the export business and we also, of course, pitch wherever possible. But please be aware that in 
the end, we have to be competitive in the land costs. That means logistics, etc., has to be then 
competitive with the European plant, with the US plant, etc. But yes, we are looking also 
permanently into our opportunities here wherever we have volumes free and where we can 
produce more. We pitch in the global network also for export volumes. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Also, the question was any target in mind in the medium term? 
Karin Gilges: 
Well, you cannot say in this volatile times where you also see the technology transfer, it is, you 
cannot say I have this or that target. For us, it is, of course, in general, a target we would like to 
fill up our lines and whatever is left besides the Indian market, we would like to place in the 
international production network. Nevertheless, focus number one is the Indian market and the 
Indian OEMs. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, maybe another generic statement that continuously increasing our exports is one of our 
targets. I can put it that way. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Then Mr. Laxminarayan is in line. Please unmute and ask your question. 
Laxminarayan: 
Yes, two questions. One is on the export side, which are the lines of businesses where as Bosch 
India, we are competitive. Can you be specific on which business, whether it is for commercial 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
vehicle or this is for the direct injection or is this for the tractors? That is my first question. 
Second question is that how are you looking at the emission norms changes that are coming up, 
especially in the tractor segment? How soon it is coming and what would actually, how are our 
OEs planning for this? And the third, in terms of your localization plan, when you had this, when 
you took over as the Bosch MD a couple of years back, from the target point of view, which you 
set for yourself and for the firm, where are we? Have we met the target? Have we exceeded the 
target? What are the targets you have set for yourself? Thank you. 
Karin Gilges: 
I would start with the export. So it is not black and white because we have lines where we are, 
of course, competitive, but there is no demand in Europe currently. We also have to see this. I 
can give you some very good examples where we export, this is the NOx sensor, this is a spark 
plug, this is the certain injectors where we deliver volumes to Europe. But besides the 
competitiveness, and we are increasing our competitiveness here in India because we have a 
very good productivity increase, etc., quality. We got, again, several awards for our plants here. 
But besides this, there has to be a demand also in Europe. So therefore, it is not black and white. 
I can only give you quite successful examples where we permanently deliver also into other 
markets. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Maybe just to add to that statement. Normally, the competitiveness is based on landed cost at 
the OEM or in that location. So we may be competitive locally because of certain things, but 
logistics may not make it competitive towards a landed cost in that location. So there are multiple 
factors and multiple elements which come in. So it is not one simple straightforward answer. 
Every product category has to be looked at uniquely to assess whether the landed cost at the 
customer makes sense, and then how do we take that discussion forward. 
Karin Gilges: 
But perhaps to give you a little bit more idea, another very good example where we took over 
for the so-called Zexel Pumps, all volumes and all the whole portfolio from Japan, we are 
producing it in our plant in Jaipur, and we are exporting this now to Japan. That means we are 
now the single source for these pumps for the Japanese customers. 
Laxminarayan: 
The other two questions in terms of emission norms in tractors and localization? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. Tractor emission norms, as you know, TRAM 5 is sort of on hold right now, and we will 
see as and when that changes, we will update you. In terms of localization, see, when I took over 
and we sort of communicated that the intent is to continuously increase our localization content, 
we are very much on track with that. And as you can see also from our efforts and results, we 
are continuously increasing our localization content. It is not a switch on, switch off kind of a 
situation where overnight we can say we change everything. And there are multiple other 
dynamics that play out in the market in geopolitics, tariffs, many other things. So a lot of these 
things are elements which get factored into making a localization decision. If it is pure India for 
India, I think it is much easier to handle. But if the volumes have to go beyond India, then we 
will have to factor multiple other things. But we are on plan and we will continuously increase 
localization. 

 
Bosch Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you. Due to lack of time, that was the last question. Do you want to make any closing 
comments, sir? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No, I think we have had a very good year and a very good quarter under the prevailing difficult 
circumstances. And I believe that we are on a good track also as we go forward. And we look 
forward to a more stabilized business environment. Although I talked of BANI as a concept, but 
we look forward to a more stabilized business environment with a little more certainty on tariffs 
and how things pan out and of course, also on geopolitics. Let us hope that we continue our 
growth track as it is right now. Thank you, everyone. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
On behalf of B&K Securities, we thank all the participants for joining the call. And special 
thanks to Bosch Management for taking time out for the call. Have a good day. 
Karin Gilges: 
Thank you. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye. 
NOTE: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate 
and may contain misspelling and other inaccuracies. While the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors. 
 
