 
 
  
 
 
Ref: BEL/NSEBSE/TCC/20082025            
    
                                       20th August, 2025 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza,        
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East),                                                                  
Mumbai – 400 051                                                          
Department of Corporate Services – Listing 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Re.: Scrip Symbol: BRIGADE/Scrip Code: 532929 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Q1 FY-2025-26 Earnings – 14th August, 2025:                             
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q1 FY 2025-26 held on Thursday, 14th August, 2025.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Brigade Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
P. Om Prakash 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
Om Prakash 
Palanimuthu
Digitally signed by Om 
Prakash Palanimuthu 
Date: 2025.08.20 
17:59:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Brigade Enterprises Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M. R. JAISHANKAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
MS. PAVITRA SHANKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. NIRUPA SHANKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ROSHIN MATHEW – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. AMAR MYSORE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. PRADYUMNA KRISHNA KUMAR – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR 
MR. JAYANT MANMADKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Brigade Enterprises Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. R. Jaishankar – Executive Chairman, Brigade 
Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
M. R. Jaishankar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Call. 
 
I have with me the management of Brigade Enterprises Limited, Managing Director –                                 
Ms. Pavitra Shankar, Joint Managing Director – Ms. Nirupa Shankar, Executive Directors –                  
Mr. Roshin Mathew, Mr. Amar Mysore, Mr. Pradyumna; our CFO – Mr. Jayant Manmadkar, 
and members of our Senior Management Team, including Mr. Om Prakash,  Mr. Vineet Verma, 
Mr. Nandakumar,  Mr. Vishwa Prathap Desu, Mr. Manoj Agarwal, Mr. Rayan Aranha,                  
Mr. Ramcharan and Ms. Thara. 
 
We are happy to report that financial year has begun on a strong footing with all our four verticals 
delivering healthy performance. This momentum reflects the resilience of our business and the 
focused execution by our teams.  
 
Coming to real estate: 
Our real estate portfolio achieved pre-sales of Rs. 1,118 crores in Q1 FY '26, a growth of 3% 
over Q1 FY '25. 
 
Pre-sales volume for Q1 FY '26 stood at 0.95 million square feet. Average realizations stood at 
Rs. 11,782 per square foot during Q1 FY '26, an increase of 24% over Q1 FY '25, driven by 
sales of premium projects.  
 
Important launches include Phase-1 of Brigade Morgan Heights in Chennai. Total collections 
stood at Rs. 1,728 crores during Q1 FY '26, a growth of 8% over Q1 FY '25.  
 
The portfolio saw zero residential debt across the group for the last two years, owing to robust 
sales and collections. With strong momentum and demand, we have a slew of upcoming projects 
planned, approximately 13 million square feet in the next four quarters. 
 
Our flagship Property Expo Brigade Showcase wrapped up successfully with its 18th edition. 
Held over three days, the event featured over 15 Brigade projects across Bangalore, Chennai and 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Hyderabad, including five new project launches in Bengaluru and Chennai. Later this month, 
the Brigade Showcase will be in Chennai for the first time, further strengthening our presence 
and engagement in the region. 
 
Coming to leasing: 
Our portfolio witnessed stable performance occupying 92% for the portfolio of 9.38 million 
square feet in Q1 FY '26. Brigade Square in Trivandrum achieved 100% pre-leasing. Leasing 
revenue stood at Rs. 300 crores during Q1 FY '26, a growth of 15% over Q1 FY '25. 
 
Rental collections remained strong and consistent at 99%. Brigade Twin Towers has been 
witnessing good traction from sales perspective.  
 
The retail SBU recorded a strong leasing traction across the portfolio with 1 lakh square feet 
SBA currently under fit out across the mall, including 82,000 square feet SBA at Orion Mall at 
Brigade Gateway Rajajanagar alone.  
 
Our commercial assets are being managed in in-house in order to deliver superior tenant and 
customer experiences. Brigade's facility management vertical currently manages around 16 
million square feet.  
 
As regards hospitality, Brigade Hotel Ventures completed its successful IPO. What began as a 
division of Brigade Enterprises in 2006, evolved into a 100% subsidiary in 2016 and has now 
come of age as a listed entity on both the NSE and BSE.  
 
We are proud to be the first real estate developer in India to successfully launch two IPOs. With 
9 hotels built over 18 years, we are now confidently setting out our sites and doubling that to 18 
hotels in the next four to five years. It is indeed a proud moment for all of us. 
 
The Hospitality SBU achieved a revenue of Rs. 141 crores in Q1 FY '26, an increase of 19% 
over Q1 FY '25. Portfolio occupancies stood at 75% in Q1 FY '26 and ARR stood at Rs. 6,761 
during Q1 FY '26.  
 
Brigades Hotels demonstrated steady growth compared to Q1 FY '25 with improvements across 
key performance indicators with EBITDA increasing by 24% for the portfolio and F&B 
increasing by 32% compared to the Q1 FY '25. Hotel growth is set to accelerate through rest of 
FY '26, fueled by events, festival travel, and longer leisure stays. 
 
Coming to the outlook: 
With a robust pipeline of 16 million square feet of developments across residential and 
commercial segments for the next four quarters and hospitality with 1,700 keys, we remain 
confident of our ability to deliver sustainable growth and long-term value for our stakeholders.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
During the past quarter, we added 10 million square feet to our land bank across markets with a 
potential gross development value of Rs. 11,200 crores. We remain focused on Tier 1 markets 
of South India for all our domains of business.  
 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Jayant Manmadkar to present the detailed financials for 
the quarter. Over to Jayant.  
Jayant Manmadkar: 
Thank you, sir. And good afternoon to all. Chairman has already shared operational highlights. 
I will be sharing consolidated financial highlights for the quarter.  
 
All our segments, that is real estate, leasing and hospitality, demonstrated a strong revenue 
growth of 22%, 15% and 19% respectively in Q1 FY '26 over Q1 FY '25. The consolidated 
revenue including other income for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 1,333 crores, a growth of 20% over 
Q1 FY '25.  
 
Consolidated EBITDA for Quarter 1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 375 crores, a growth of 14% over Q1 
FY '25.  
 
Consolidated profit before tax for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 194 crores, a growth of 80% over Q1 
FY '25. Consolidated PAT for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 158 crores, a growth of 95% over Q1 FY 
'25. And consolidated PAT after minority interest for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 150 crores, a growth 
of 79% over Q1 FY '25.  
 
We are happy to inform you that ICRA has upgraded our credit rating to AA (Stable) from AA- 
(Stable) underscoring consistent performance, financial discipline and strong corporate 
governance. We continue to have adequate liquidity and undrawn credit lines to support our 
growth plans.  
 
Our average cost of debt is consistently reducing and stood at 8.25%, a reduction of 42 basis 
points over Q4 FY '25. Gross debt of the group stood at Rs. 4,745 crores. The cash and cash 
equivalents was at Rs. 2,476 crores, as on 30th June 2025. Consequently, the company's net debt 
outstanding is Rs. 2,269 crores, out of which Brigade's share is Rs. 1,528 crores. 81% of the debt 
pertains to the commercial portion, which is backed by lease rental. Net debt equity ratio stood 
at 0.34:1 as on June '25.  
 
I will hand it back to the moderator for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Any one who wishes to ask 
a question may press * and 1 on the touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question que, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking the 
questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question que assembles.  
The first question is from the line of Mr. Girish Choudhary from Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Girish Choudhary: 
Hi , Good afternoon. Firstly, on this launch pipeline of 13 million square feet over the next four 
quarters, if you could highlight the key projects and also how to look at the pacing of this project? 
Is it back-ended or I mean, should we expect anything meaningful launches in the next one, two 
quarters?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
Hi, good afternoon. So, yes, in terms of our launch  already in Q2, we have visibility of multiple 
projects already where there is no dependency on RERA. The GDV of those projects is already 
around Rs. 4,600 crores. 
 
So, for some of those, we will be launching that in Q2. Some of that is already underway. A 
couple of those, while we don't require the RERA, it is still part of our, don't require in the sense 
we already have the RERA. It is part of our multi-phase approach. So, for example, both in 
Chennai, Brigade Morgan Heights, and the second tower of Brigade Gateway Neopolis, we have 
the RERA. It is part of our overall sales plan, when we will launch that, potentially in Q3. 
 
In Bangalore, we have already launched a plotted project, Brigade Cherry Blossom in Malur. 
We have already got the RERA and started selling for Brigade Avalon, which is a project in 
Whitefield. And both these have good take-ups.  
 
We have one more where we have the RERA in hand and are currently doing a soft launch. And 
with that, I think there is very good visibility already for Q2 and Q3. And of course, we are still 
working on the approvals for the rest of the launches that we are quite confident should be able 
to come in Q4.  
Girish Choudhary: 
Secondly, I mean, this is more on the business development. In terms of entering into new cities 
beyond South India, I mean, where are we in terms of evaluation or what are we thinking? And 
also from an overall real estate cycle point of view, are you comfortable entering into new cities 
currently or would you want to wait it out? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, so we have been communicating for a long time and we continue to go in that direction that 
we will focus on Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. We have a really strong presence in terms 
of business development for all three markets. And there is also much more room to grow for 
our presence in both Chennai and Hyderabad. The brand is really well valued, and I think there 
is a lot of room for us to take more market share in both. And also in Bangalore to continue to 
maintain our leadership position and grow on that as well.  
 
So, I think we are just focusing on that. We will be able to meet whatever growth expectations 
we have and others have of the organization before we start looking at other markets. I am not 
sure if this is the right time to be looking aggressively at entering new markets. We are always 
studying them, of course.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Girish Choudhary: 
And lastly, if I see your cash flow, I mean, in terms of outflow, we have seen a significant 
increase in employee and admin and also marketing expenses Y-o-Y. And we have just seen one 
launch this quarter. So, is this the new run rate or any one-offs to be considered for us? 
Jayant Manmadkar: 
So, as far as employee cost is concerned, it is as usual, the trend will continue. And the launches, 
primarily, it is for the expenses which are incurred in the marketing and sales of the project. So, 
that is purely activity-based cost. So, that will always be linked in terms of the launches, the way 
they are going to come in subsequent quarters in Q2, Q3 and Q4.  
Girish Choudhary: 
So, what I was trying to understand is that in terms of sales and marketing expenses, this quarter 
was around Rs. 86 crores of cash outflow. Last year it was Rs. 44 crores, so almost doubling, 
right? I mean, we have seen just one launch this quarter. So, how to read that? And even 
employee and admin expenses, right? What was Rs. 100 crores last year is Rs. 186 crores. So, 
even sequentially, I am seeing a significant jump.  
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, the sales and marketing expenses will also reflect the launches that we have done over the 
last couple of quarters. So, as we are adding more to our sales pipeline, we will also be spending 
more in order to do that sales. So, that is why you are seeing the larger amount compared to a 
Y-o-Y because in the past year we have launched about 11 to 12 million square feet. So, the 
sales and marketing expenses now in Q1 will be reflecting that. 
Girish Choudhary:               Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Pritesh from Axis Capital Limited. Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, first on the city mix for this quarter, how much was from 
Bangalore and how much from Chennai? And just for a follow up, I think, you know, we started 
off with over Rs. 7,500 crores of inventory in this quarter. You know, yet I think sustenance 
sales contribution was not too high. It was pretty much in line with what we have been doing in 
the past. So, any specific reason for that?  
 
I am sure, I think Chennai, the two projects, Brigade Icon and Altius has a lot of inventory, 
which is kind of slow moving. So, just if you can put some numbers on that to help me 
understand the lower sustenance sales contribution for this quarter?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, in terms of the sales last quarter, if you look at it by revenue or areas, anywhere between 
70% to 75% contribution from Bangalore and about 20% to 25% from Chennai. There is a little 
bit from Hyderabad as well, a few units from Gateway that are coming through. But pretty much 
that is the breakup of what we saw in Q1. 
 
Chennai sales and inventory, Icon being the kind of high-end project it is, that is pretty much in 
a sustenance mode. We will not see large numbers coming at a launch or continuing in that way. 
So, that is an ongoing basis.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
In terms of Altius, we are actually quite happy with the progress at the way Altius is going on 
because the pricing is pretty much top of market and much higher than anyone else in that same 
competitive set. So, given that it is still in Chennai, we are seeing really good traction for that 
product and we are quite happy with how the uptake has been even post the launch quarter of 
Q4.  
 
Morgan Heights, we have received the RERA. We have launched the project in May. It is sort 
of in a launch mode because our marketing office is in the process of getting ready. Chennai as 
a market requires the marketing office to be in place to have a proper sales experience, etc. So, 
once that comes on board in the beginning of September, we are expecting to see a lot more 
traction.  
 
This is quite different from the behavior in Bangalore and Hyderabad, where pretty much it is 
very launch-driven and the excitement of the launch, whether or not there is a very specific sales 
experience, that is a little different the way Chennai works. So, I think once that marketing office 
is there in place, which is in the next few weeks, we should be able to see much stronger uptake 
on Brigade Morgan Heights.  
 
So, overall, I think, yes, Chennai definitely does happen at a different pace, but we are mindful 
of that. Our plans are also put in place, keeping that in mind. So, we have a more accelerated 
sales cycle for Bangalore and Hyderabad launches compared to Chennai. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And how much is the inventory right now between Icon and Altius? And how much did Altius 
specifically contributed to this quarter's pre-sales? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, I will just come back to you with those numbers.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, I will take it probably offline as well, no problem. Just second question on the launches. 
So, I think we had a plan of launching 12.3 million square feet for this year. We have launched 
a million square feet on the residential side. Balance is 11.3. Any changes in terms of the launch 
plan for the year? Any slipovers or any preponement of launches that you expect? I think 
specifically the Hyderabad project that we just signed this quarter, any chance of launching it 
this year or it could be next year?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, so the positive thing is the Hyderabad project that we announced, we are working to get 
that into this financial year. One thing was the Brigade Innovation Gardens that we were trying 
to get it into this financial year, could potentially slip into Q1. But other than that, everything 
else is per our plan. In terms of Altius, we did 65 units of Altius last quarter, and that was around 
Rs. 150 crores in revenue. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it and Innovation Gardens is a Velachery project, is it? Or Perambur project?  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Pavitra Shankar: 
No, that's in Brigade, sorry, that's in North Bangalore in a sub-market called Harlur. It is what 
we have been referring to as the KIADB parcel of 75 acres. It is the larger mix.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
So, that is it from my side for now. I have a couple of questions, but I will join back the queue.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Parvez from Nuvama Group. Please go ahead. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. So, first a couple of questions for Pavitra. 
I mean, did I get it right when you say that we have RERA for projects with Rs. 4,600 crore 
GDV already? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, that is right. So, some of those we have already launched in the course of Q2. For example, 
Brigade Cherry Blossom, Brigade Avalon. We have already launched those. We have one more 
in Bangalore where we have the RERA and we are in the soft launch phase. We will be doing 
an allocation event before the end of the quarter.  
 
The rest of it comes from Hyderabad and Chennai, both in Brigade Gateway, the second tower 
in Hyderabad, and the Phase 2 of Brigade Morgan Heights, which we have launched the first 
phase this past quarter in Q1. It is a single RERA, but based on the amount of inventory and 
phasing, basically we have the visibility already, and it should come in towards the later half of 
the year. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Overall on the demand side, on the resi space, how do we see it currently? Is it like the same 
what it was an year back or are we seeing some moderation and also your views on the pricing 
going ahead?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, in terms of the residential demand, we are seeing that it is still pretty good. I would say that 
the pace at which people are making their decisions based on the ticket size, that has changed. 
So, in terms of a year ago, the ticket sizes were lower. People found it much easier to make those 
kind of decisions.  
 
Now, if I look across my portfolio, more than 80% of it is Rs. 1.5 crore plus. So, that is quite a 
big change. So, therefore, we are seeing people take a little more time to convert, but the on-
ground demand is still very good. For example, Brigade Avalon, which we launched in 
Whitefield, that is a 206-unit project and an average ticket size of Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 5 crores 
plus. And that has really been well accepted.  
 
But that said, that is one of the, you know, we are not going to sell out in the first quarter or 
second quarter for that matter either. So, we just have to time accordingly. In projects where we 
have more mid-segment inventory or ticket sizes coming below Rs. 1.5 crores or less than           
Rs. 2 crores, we are seeing a much faster uptake.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
So, I would just again reiterate what we have been saying that what the customer behavior that 
we have seen happen over the last two to three years, that is really out of the ordinary. And I 
would say that things are still very healthy on ground. We should just be wary of comparing to 
the best case scenario, which was there for the last couple of years.  
Parvez Qazi: 
And a couple of questions for Nirupa. First, I mean, in the presentation for Brigade Hospitality 
Ventures, I think we have outlined a plan for adding about 1,700-odd keys over the next four to 
five years. So, what would be the rough cut CapEx outlay required for this? And second, your 
views on leasing in Brigade Twin Towers.  
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thanks for that. So, with regards to the CapEx for the hospitality, we plan to do it next quarter. 
We will share those details with you. Just to let you know that anything in the 5-star deluxe 
category, on average, the cost of construction will be about Rs. 1.5 crores to Rs. 1.75 crores a 
key. This is just the cost of construction. And some of the Fairfields that we have mentioned, the 
4-star category hotels, on average, the cost per key is around 65 lakhs.  
 
In terms of the CapEx outflow, we plan to outline that by next quarter. And you will have the 
details by next quarter.  
 
Regarding Twin towers, what we have understood is that we have one tower, the first tower that 
we kept for sale because we found that the sales traction has been very healthy. So, the first 
tower is about 550,000 square feet. And we have already sold 50% of that. And this quarter also 
we should see another bump up. I think we have managed to do another 20% this quarter, so 
almost 70% of the first tower has been sold.  
 
With regards to the other tower, we have kept it aside for leasing, but in case we find that the 
sales traction continues to be very high, then we will also add that into the sale portfolio. But as 
of now, we are getting a healthy rate. You know, the sale price that we have been doing the last 
few transactions are at least Rs. 12,000 a square foot plus all additional expenses. So, it has been 
a fairly good market for end users and a sale-driven market. So, that is how we plan to go about 
it.  
Parvez Qazi:                          Thanks and all the best.    
Nirupa Shankar:                   Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Biplab from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Please 
go ahead.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for taking up my question. So, my question, one 
question is in continuance to what just Parvez asked. So, you know, we have been hearing that 
due to job losses in the IT sector and, in general, slowdown, Bangalore is experiencing slower 
real estate absorption and maybe heading toward a broader slowdown.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
So, what you said is that current state of real estate absorption continues to be strong. That is 
very good. So, the question is, what is your outlook on demand? I mean, despite job losses and 
some slowdown in IT sector, do you see this kind of demand continuing over the near and 
medium term? That is my first question. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Nirupa here. I will just throw some color on it from office and then maybe Pavitra can add on 
the resi side of things. See, for Bangalore, if you just look at the gross absorption that we saw in 
Q1 of FY '26, it absorbed almost 4.8 million square feet of office space.  
 
Now, I mean, the dependency on IT and IT services has relatively come down. From an office 
perspective, I can tell you that IT services are contributing to only 40% of the overall loss 
absorption. The balance is coming 36% from GCCs and the remaining 24% or so from BFSI, so 
financial services, etc.  
 
Now, Bangalore is still the most attractive location when it comes to setting up of GCCs. So, 
from an office perspective, I can say that, yes, there are a lot of media written on this and perhaps 
AI will come into the picture, but nature of jobs required might change. And maybe there will 
be more focus on GCCs and R&D facilities being set up here. 
 
Additionally, we are seeing a lot of financial services and pharma companies also being set up. 
So, on ground, we are not seeing the kind of slowdown that the media is talking about. We are 
still seeing pretty good traction from an office demand perspective.  
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, this is Pavitra. I just wanted to echo that. We are seeing that supported on the residential 
side as well because while the IT sector has been seeing layoffs over the last few years, that 
really has not impacted on the residential side.  
 
In fact, we have been seeing more traction towards premium and higher-end sales, which means 
it is the kind of talent that you see working in GCCs or this embedded technology or digital jobs 
that are happening in traditional businesses as well. So, that is where we feel that despite all of 
the conversation that is going on, we are not seeing that on ground.  
 
Also, I would say that, you know, being a premium brand and having inventory in great locations 
and positioned the way we are, we will still be that flight to quality in case of someone has 
multiple choices, they will come to a Brigade for that. So, that is where we are seeing things. So, 
even if the market does consolidate a little bit, we are still confident of our position.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
That is a very good news. And that is all from my side.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mithun from Kivah Adviors. Please go ahead. 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Mithun Aswath: 
Hi. Just wanted to understand, in terms of FY '26, this year, launch pipeline is quite strong. And 
last year, I think we did pre-sales of about 7 million square feet. So, do you have any target for 
FY '26 in terms of what kind of sales growth you are looking at? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, we have always communicated that we like to target a growth of 15% to 20%. We will be 
looking at that from a value perspective. So, last year we did around Rs. 7,800 crores in total 
sales. We are hoping to get to about 15% increment on that. It is, of course, dependent on 
approvals and launches coming through at the right time frame. 
 
This year, as well as last year and a couple of years before that, a lot of our numbers were 
dependent on getting launches. In fact, at least 50% of the sales is coming from new launches. 
So, as long as that continues to happen, and we are, of course, working very hard on that 
approvals front, we are quite confident of this.  
 
I also mentioned earlier that we launched Morgan Heights Q1. That was almost Rs. 1,000 crores 
GDV. And we have visibility of another Rs. 4,600 crores. So, of the entire year's GDV that we 
have intended to launch, we have almost 50% in hand as well. So, I think we are quite confident 
of the year.  
Mithun Aswath: 
And also on the commercial development side, what is the kind of target of launch of projects? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, on the commercial side, we currently have  two and a half million square feet that is ongoing 
in terms of construction. And upcoming that we plan to launch is another 2.6 million square feet. 
So, year-on- year, we are looking to launch about 2.5 - 3 million square feet, which is a number 
that we have in mind. But ongoing, we have another 2.5, as I mentioned, and upcoming also 
another 2.6.  
Mithun Aswath:                    Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Ashish Shah from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Shah: 
Just maybe a couple of things. Would it be possible to sort of give some estimate on the launch 
values, launch GDV for the second, third and the fourth quarter? I know things can slip here and 
there by a quarter, but any sense on how it can pan out? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, so, in total, we have about 15.5 or 16 million square feet total launch plan for the rolling 
four quarters. At the beginning of the financial year, we had communicated around 12 to 12.5 
million square feet in the residential launch pipeline, for which I think we have a similar number 
as of now for the rest of the financial year. 
 
We are approximating around Rs. 10,000 per square foot on average. So, basically, you could 
assume Rs. 12,500 crores GDV for the overall launch for FY ‘26, of which I just now went 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
through the calculation that we have visibility of  4,600 crores already, for which 1,000 was 
launched in the last quarter. So, for the rest of the financial year, we are working on those 
approvals and hopefully we will be able to get all of that within Q4 itself.  
Ashish Shah: 
Understood. The other thing is we have spent quite a significant amount on business 
development this quarter. If you can throw some light on where have we added these projects, 
especially on the residential side. And what kind of projects are these? Are these very premium 
projects? Are these mid premium etcc, etcc? Any perspective on the color of the BD which has 
been done in the first quarter? 
Pradyumna: 
Hi, Ashish. Pradyumna here. So, we have added about 60% of the projects in Bangalore and 
20% each in Chennai and Hyderabad. In Bangalore, in residential, it is not very premium in 
nature. These are the sweet spots that we have been targeting over the last many quarters of the 
projects that have been launched. So, these are similar in nature, typically in the range of about 
Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 12,000 a square foot. So, that is where we would be launching these projects 
when they do.  
 
As far as Hyderabad goes, again, it is a similar project. About Rs. 13,000 per square foot is the 
pricing that we are looking at. And the strategy that we have communicated earlier, and this is a 
great example of that is, you know, we have seen a very successful project called Brigade Citadel 
in Hyderabad, and therefore we have targeted properties in the same vicinity. And right now, the 
ones that we have added last quarter is also literally opposite to this location. So, our strategy 
continues to be very, very similar to what we have been communicating. 
Ashish Shah: 
And Chennai? Chennai would also be at what sort of a price point? Is that, again, very premium 
or the lower price point?  
Pradyumna: 
No, it won't be a premium. Again, it is upmarket but not premium in nature. It will be a follow-
on to our Brigade Altius project. That is the view that we have taken and we are acquiring the 
property. 
Ashish Shah: 
Lastly, for the business development done so far in the first quarter or year to date, what would 
be the land cost to the GDV ratio approximately?  
Pradyumna: 
So, we have about Rs. 11,000 crores of GDV that we have acquired in Q1. And the typical about 
20% to 22% is the range.  
Ashish Shah:                         Understood. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Girish Choudhary from Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Girish Choudhary: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Again, on the land cost, you have a balance which needs to be paid, 
which is around Rs. 1,380 crores. So, by when can we expect this to be paid? And also in terms 
of business development, what is the pipeline looking like for the rest of the year?  
Pradyumna: 
So, out of the Rs. 1,380 crores, about Rs. 470 crores has already been paid in Q2. And the rest 
of it is spread across various projects, most of which will, you know, it is a combination of joint 
development and outright purchases. So, these will get paid out in the course of the next year, 
year-and-a-half or so. So, the balance is about Rs. 910 crores and that will get done in the course 
of the next, say, 18 months or so.  
Girish Choudhary: 
And in terms of the business development pipeline for the rest of the year? 
Pradyumna: 
So, that is ongoing as usual, Girish. Typically we get about 200 to 250 proposals every month. 
Now, that filter continues to take place. We will keep adding. I don't think you will see a 
slowdown in terms of acquiring new properties, whether it is by way of JD or otherwise. 
Girish Choudhary: 
My next question is on BuzzWorks. So, what I have seen recently is that you have leased up in 
a center outside of your own portfolio, 50,000 square feet at the mind space. So, just wanted to 
understand how are you thinking about this business of yours? And what is the current capacity 
and the growth plans here? And in general, in this space, how are you seeing the competition, 
pricing and margin trends playing out? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Thanks for the question. So, BuzzWorks for us is currently a smaller portion of our business, but 
we believe it is a high-growth business. Currently, of course, we have about 5,000 seats, but we 
are looking to double that up by FY '26. So, we believe that this is a vertical that can grow very 
fast.  
 
Obviously, when you look at the overall absorption of commercial office space, the co-working 
or the flexible office brands take up at least 18% to 20%. In some markets, it could be more, like 
25%. But say on average for the country, it could be about 20% of the overall inventory. So, we 
think that we know that this trend is here to stay.  
 
So, because we have it in-house, that far it was more of a value-added service to our existing 
clients when they wanted flexible space. But I think going forward, we are open to taking space 
from other builders as well, especially in markets where we currently don't have office space 
ourselves. But we believe that this is a high-growth business, and the idea is to scale this up in a 
big way in the coming years. 
Girish Choudhary: 
In terms of competitive landscape currently, how are you reading this market?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
See, there are multiple players. Barrier to entry is relatively less. It doesn't require the kind of 
capital investment that creating an entire commercial building requires. So, barrier to entry is 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
lower. I would say we are in the mid to premium. So, the average seat cost on the premium end 
could be Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 25,000. And you get players in the Rs. 4,000 to Rs. 6,000 as well. 
 
On average, our positioning is around Rs. 13,000 to Rs. 15,000. Of course, like I said, that is an 
average. There are some centers that do Rs. 18,000. There are some centers that do Rs. 10,500, 
Rs. 12,000. So, on average, we are around, I would say, Rs. 14,000 or so. So, we are not on the 
highest end. And I would say we are more on the premium end, I would say.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Pritesh from Axis Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Couple of questions. So, on BD, what would be the estimated spend for this year now with a 
very strong start in Q1? 
Pradyumna: 
So, that depends on the kind of opportunities that we get, Pritesh. While we focus on certain 
lands, both joint development in nature as well as outright purchases, I think, I can't tell you a 
number in terms of what we will be spending. But the approach will be of what I mentioned 
earlier also, which is about 20% to 25% of the cost to GDV. That would be the approach.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
And in terms of these 2.6 million square feet of upcoming commercial launches, which are the 
key projects? I mean, will we start constructing Brigade Gateway, retail, office, this year itself? 
So, some insights on these 2.6 million square feet, which are all these projects?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, what we have as part of the 2.6 million square feet is Brigade Padmini Tech Valley Tower 
A, which is in Whitefield in Bangalore. That is about 345,000 square feet. Then we have Brigade 
Panorama Chambers, which is in South Bangalore.  
 
We also have Brigade Cauvery, which is a CBD property in Bangalore, about 190,000 square 
feet. We have the Kochi Infopark Tower 3, which is another 150,000 odd square feet. And then 
we have more value-added office and retail in our mixed-use township, Brigade Valencia. So, 
we have some office of 140,000 square feet, retail of 80,000 square feet.  
 
And the biggest project is again in Bangalore, which is the Brigade HRC, which is right next to 
the airport toll of about 1.4 million square feet. So, out of the 2.6 million square feet, BEL share, 
our share is about 1.76 million.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
So, basically, your Gateway would start construction next year, right. I mean, not this year. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Maybe in the next quarter we can have that update.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Fair enough. And just last, if you can provide the breakup of collections across our different 
segments for this quarter.  
Pradyumna: 
Yes, just a second.  

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Jayant Manmadkar: 
So, the real estate collection is about Rs. 1,248 crore, commercial leasing is about Rs. 311 crore 
and hospitality is about Rs. 168 crore. Total Rs. 1728 crore.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
That is it from my side. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Prolin from Edelweiss Public Alternatives. Please go 
ahead. 
Prolin B. Nandu: 
Hi, team. Just wanted to understand, to the previous participants' question, you answered that 
you don't want to enter into any new cities, right? There is enough and more to be done in some 
of the Chennai and Hyderabad. So, I want an internal assessment of how has been our foray into 
these cities, right?  
 
And where I am coming from is that, you know, you talked about this project called Morgan 
Heights, right, where you launched in May, but the sales office is still going to come up in a few 
weeks' time. So, are these some location-specific nuances which we are still grappling with? Or 
how should one think about our entry into these two cities specifically? If you can spend a few 
minutes on both the cities, that would be very helpful. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, I would like to say that the ongoing and the upcoming projects that we have in Chennai is a 
reflection of a lot of time and hard work to get these lands into the pipeline. And also a reflection 
of what Chennai market feels about Brigade, especially after the completion of our World Trade 
Center project on OMR. 
 
So, when we conceptualize and deliver mixed-use projects, I think that really is a game changer 
for us in terms of establishing ourselves in the market and then seeing rapid growth from then 
on. So, a lot of our business development success, the project launches that are happening now 
has really sort of taken off after seeing World Trade Center in Chennai.  
 
We are also experiencing the same in Hyderabad. So, after announcing the Brigade Gateway in 
Neopolis, having seen what the plans are like, having seen the launch of the first tower, which 
was an unprecedented success, it is the most premium project in that sub-market.  
 
And I would say the entire market has noticed and also recognize that we are building a very 
premium mixed-use development, which has the top brands like World Trade Center, 
Hyderabad, the Intercontinental Hotel, and our own flagship brand, Orion, for retail, along with 
600 premium residences. So, when the market sees that sort of certainty in these projects coming 
up, we are also seeing a lot of increase in the business development proposals that we are 
receiving in Hyderabad. 
 
So, what I would say is that our approach in each market is to establish ourselves not just in 
terms of our BD connections, but also delivering and then building on that. Specifically in terms 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
of Morgan Heights, we don't think there is any sort of specific issue. It is just that in Chennai, 
the market is such as they like to have a sales experience on ground. 
 
And also in Chennai, you can't really construct a marketing office prior to receiving certain 
approvals in hand. So, we do have a setup at the site. It is in a soft launch stage. But we expect 
to see a lot more traction once the sales office is open. And I think that is normal and natural. 
That is what we have experienced in both Icon and Altius as well. So, apart from that, there isn't 
anything specific about Morgan Heights. 
Prolin B. Nandu: 
Thanks a lot. That's it from my side.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Heta from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead.  
Heta: 
Hi, Thank you for the opportunity. I just had two questions. I wanted to understand how would 
the average realization shape up for the year of FY '26? Do we expect it to remain flat? Or are 
we expecting any significant corrections?  
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes, so I think the numbers that you are seeing today are a reflection of the inventory that is 
getting sold each quarter, which is also dependent on what is getting launched. So, going 
forward, we have a mix of projects of super luxury as well as premium and mid-segment. We 
also have plotted. So, you know, it is a mix of what gets transacted every quarter.  
 
So, I would say it will still average out. You know, in the coming few quarters, we will be 
launching at rates of Rs. 15,000, Rs. 16,000 for some projects and then plotted maybe at                     
Rs. 5,000. So, that gets sold every quarter. So, on average, I would say it will be around the 
same, maybe slowly sort of move up slightly. 
Heta: 
And what would be the EBITDA margin of these new project launches upcoming in FY '26? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So, it would be upwards of 30% for the new project launches.  
Heta: 
okay, alright. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Pavitra Shankar, Managing Director, for closing comments. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Before we wrap up, we would like to share a few key highlights beyond our financial 
performance this quarter. The Brigade Foundation, our not-for-profit trust, continues to 
champion meaningful social impact through initiatives that blend education and community 
development.  
 
The Venkatappa Art Gallery has reopened its doors to the public. Beautifully restored through a 
collaborative effort between the Brigade Foundation and the Department of Archaeology, 

 
Brigade Enterprises Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Museums and Heritage Government of Karnataka. Key enhancements include structural repairs, 
upgraded lighting, improved accessibility, modern display areas and we have also rejuvenated 
the landscaping.  
 
We also constructed an auditorium for the Karnataka Public School in Vishwanathapura in North 
Bangalore. This is an initiative that is in line with our overall mission of empowering 
underprivileged children with better spaces for learning.  
 
The Brigade Schools were named Best CBSE Schools in Bengaluru 2025 by Indianpreneur 
Magazine, a testament to our commitment to quality education.  
 
As part of our L&D programs to support diversity and inclusivity in opportunities, two of our 
women employees have successfully graduated with an M.Tech from IIT Madras. This is 
Brigade's Higher Education Initiative, a reflection of our belief in nurturing talent and investing 
in long-term growth from within.  
 
A few noteworthy accolades and recognitions. Brigade Enterprises Limited was honored as a 
Great Midsize Workplace for the 15th year in a row, ranking 75th. Meanwhile, Brigade 
Hospitality Services Limited soared to 8th place, a recognition that our People First culture 
continues to shine. Both these awards were by the Great Place to Work Institute.  
 
Additionally, the Track2Realty BrandX Report 24–25 recognized Brigade as the national brand 
leader of Indian real estate, a title earned through consistent excellence and trust. Brigade Twin 
Towers was named Iconic Property of the Year Commercial at the Global Real Estate Brand 
Awards. 
 
With that, we conclude our earnings call for Q1 FY '26. And thank you for joining us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of Brigade Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
