 
 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department  
BSE LTD.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
SCRIP CODE: 543748 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
SYMBOL: AARTIPHARM 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript 
of 
Q1 
FY26 
Earnings 
Conference Call 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations 2015 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on August 13, 
2025 on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the Q1 FY26.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AARTI PHARMALABS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
JEEVAN MONDKAR 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND LEGAL HEAD 
ICSI M. NO. A22565 
 
Encl.: a/a. 
Jeevan 
Bhargav 
Mondkar
Digitally signed by 
Jeevan Bhargav 
Mondkar 
Date: 2025.08.20 
10:36:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Aarti Pharmalabs Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th August 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RASHESH GOGRI – CHAIRMAN, AARTI 
PHARMALABS LIMITED 
MRS. HETAL GOGRI GALA – VICE CHAIRPERSON AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, AARTI PHARMALABS LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH LAKHANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
AARTI PHARMALABS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHRIKANT AKOLKAR – NUVAMA WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aarti Pharmalabs Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth 
Management Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shrikant Akolkar from Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Shrikant Akolkar: 
Thank you and good day, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth 
Management, we welcome you all to Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Aarti Pharmalabs Limited. 
From the management side, we have with us Mr. Rashesh Gogri – 
Chairman; Mrs. Hetal Gogri Gala - Vice Chairperson and Managing 
Director and Mr. Piyush Lakhani - Chief Financial Officer. 
I would now hand over the Conference Call to Mr. Rashesh Gogri for 
his ‘Opening Remarks’. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, good evening, everyone and welcome to Aarti Pharmalabs 
Earnings Call for the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 2026. I 
appreciate you taking the time to join us today as I walk you through the 
performance of Q1 FY '26 and share key business developments. 
Let me start with an overview of our standalone financial for Q1 FY '26. 
The topline in Q1 FY '26 was Rs. 375 crores, which was Rs. 394 crores 
a year back. The EBITDA was Rs. 95 crores as compared to Rs. 84 
crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. This is an 
increase of 14% Y-o-Y. The profit after tax in Q1 FY '26 was Rs. 51 
crores as compared to Rs. 47 crores a year back, which was an 
increase of 9% Y-o-Y. Even though the revenue has slightly dipped 
year-on-year, EBITDA and the PAT have grown reasonably well. I 
remain confident that the underlying fundamentals and the long-term 
drivers of the business are intact. 
 
Now, I will talk about the consolidated financials for Q1 FY '26: 
 
The topline was Rs. 386 crores against Rs. 555 crores in Q1 FY '25. 
The reported consolidated topline of Q1 FY '26 is not actually 
comparable to that of Q1 FY '25 because this does not include the 
proportionate share of the Ganesh Polychem turnover. Following the 
amendment in the Subscriptions and Shareholders Agreement, GPL 
(Ganesh Polychem) is a joint venture from Q1 FY '26 onwards. 
Accordingly, in the consolidated financials, a single line of share of profit 
is added following the equity method of consolidation. Basically, the 
consolidated turnover for Q1 FY '26 onwards will not include GPL's 
contribution and hence will look optically lower year-on-year. However, 
the EBITDA and PAT will continue to include GPL's share and will be 
comparable year-on-year. The EBITDA was Rs. 95 crores as compared 
to Rs. 97 crores in Q1 FY '25. The profit after tax for the quarter was 
Rs. 50 crores as compared to Rs. 56 crores a year back.  

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
Additionally, the revenue of Aarti USA Incorporation in Q1 FY '26 has 
significantly come down and this was communicated in past earnings 
calls. This is due to limited business activities in the subsidiary which 
were earlier carried out for Aarti Industries’ distribution business which 
has now shifted to the Aarti Industries subsidiary in the US. 
 
Now, let me present the business highlights: 
 
Aarti Pharmalabs continues to operate in three key verticals – Xanthine 
Derivatives, API and Intermediates, and CDMO-CMO Services.  
 
The Xanthine Derivative segment contributed to 50% of our turnover in 
Q1. The volume split was 65% for beverages customers and 35% for 
others. In terms of geographical split, the export sales was 57% and the 
rest of 43% was local sales.  
 
The API and Intermediate business stood 41% of the turnover and 
subsegment-wise, the breakup is 49% regulated market, 43% in ROW 
market, 8% in non-regulated market, which aligns with our long-term 
focus towards regulated market. We are continuously working towards 
development of new molecules with patent expiry in the next 3-5 years 
and the number of US DMFs has gone up to 53 from 50 in last quarter 
and the CEPs have gone up to 35 from 31 in last quarter. Also, the 
number of commercial APIs is now standing at 60. 
 
The third segment, CDMO-CMO, has contributed to 10% of the revenue 
in this quarter. We are presently working with 21 customers and the 
number of active projects are now 60, of which 33 are in commercial 
stages and 27 are in different stages of development, both at the 
customer end. Based on the current order book, we are on track to 
achieve our target of FY '26 CDMO sales.  
 
It is important to mention that one of our sites which supports Xanthine 
Derivative business was under extended plant annual shutdown and 
upgradation in this quarter. This is partially the reason for decline in our 
standalone topline.  
 
For the last couple of months, there have been a lot of geopolitical 
turmoil and globally there has been a business uncertainty due to US 
tariffs. However, the current tariff rule do not impact our pharma 
products and even Xanthine Derivatives like caffeine are under the 
exempt list and I see minimum impact on our sales. 
 
Lastly, I will share the progress updates on the ongoing Capex: 
 
Our brownfield expansion for increasing Xanthine derivatives from 5000 
MT per annum to 9000 MT per annum is progressing as per our plan. 
The commissioning will be done in a phased manner across H2 FY '26. 
The greenfield project at Atali, Gujarat is in the final stages of 
completion. The mechanical completion of Phase-1 has been done. 
Commercial production will commence towards the end of Q2 FY '26. 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
However, it will take us until the end of FY '26 to ramp up and operate 
the plant at an optimal utilization. 
 
In conclusion, I remain confident in our strong fundamental strategic 
initiative and dedicated team driving Aarti Pharmalabs forward. Our 
strategy remains firmly intact, and we are focused on navigating any 
near-term challenges with agility and discipline. We are well positioned 
to achieve our targets for the year and continue delivering sustainable 
growth and our values to all our stakeholders. 
 
The moderator may now open the forum for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from Rahul Jain with Credence 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
So, just given the top-line degrowth, sir, and also the scenario, we have 
delivered some good set of numbers. So, just to understand, sir, you 
mentioned about two things on the impact of sales and also one is the 
Ganesh Polychem numbers which are not included in the sales. So, 
what amount of, because in standalone sales, I think the plant shutdown 
has impacted the sales. So, what is the impact in terms of sales with 
regard to this plant shutdown? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
The plant shutdown sales impact would be around Rs. 15-20 crores. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
And sir, when I look at API Intermediate sales, that has come down on 
a year-on-year basis from about 170-150 currently. And in fact, in the 
previous quarters, we were averaging around Rs. 200 crores for the last 
2 quarters prior to this June quarter. Or in fact, even in the earlier 
quarter, we were around Rs. 190 crores. So, this quarter is down to 
around Rs. 155 crores. So, do we read anything into this? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, if you see in this quarter, we have had higher inventory because the 
shipments were little impacted towards the end of the quarter due to 
unavailability of shipping space. And I think that would have some 
impact of some amount of sales. But overall, API business, we have 
been able to have good pace. Whereas in intermediate business, it 
shares the asset with the CDMO/CMO. So, there, we are progressing 
more with the CDMO projects in the current quarter. So, the 
intermediate sales are a little bit on the lower side purposefully. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. With regards to margins, our gross margins are at the highest 
level for this quarter around 57% which were around 51% in the 
previous quarter and even on a year-on-year basis, it is up from 48%. 
So, typically now, how do we look at the gross margins going ahead? 
And if you could understand that there is some impact on the Ganesh 
Polychem side, what could be there? And this, I am talking about 
standalone, sir, I am not talking on the console? 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think in terms of margin, of course, this year was a higher margin. 
Because this inventory had an impact. And overall, the products that we 
have sold were more into regulated markets, beverages customers and 
export markets. That has yielded us better pricing than the lower price 
market on the Xanthine segment. Overall, I think, it is the product mix 
that we have played and which has yielded better margins. 
 
Piyush Lakhani: 
And there is one addition to this also. Earlier, there has been some 
disclosure change in the financials that we have published. Earlier, 
some of the consumables that we normally consume in the plant were 
getting clubbed in the cost of materials. These are consumables like 
filter cloths, valves and those engineering items, as we say. From this 
quarter onwards and including the previous earlier quarter also, we 
have now shown it as under other expenses. So, now, the cost of 
material consumed consists of only raw material, packing material and 
fuel. So, these engineering consumables that we are saying are now 
clubbed under other expenses. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Last question. Sir, with regards to the guidance, we have maintained 
guidance both on CDMO growth and also on EBITDA growth. Given the 
current quarter has been almost flattish on EBITDA, on console basis. 
And if we need to maintain this 12%-15% guidance, then the next 3 
quarters, the kind of growth in EBITDA will be around 15%-20% if we 
want to meet our guidance of 12%-15%. And given the expense of new 
plant coming in, Atali and also Xanthine, and probably they are not 
contributing much to the revenue, what gives us this confidence that we 
will achieve this EBITDA growth? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Basically, the EBITDA guidance that we had given was on a standalone 
basis. So, this time, anyway, we have a standalone basis EBITDA 
increase of almost 14% Y-o-Y. And looking at overall, the quarters are 
not going to be linear in the performance of EBITDA or topline because 
of the nature of business, CDMO-CMO turnover may get topline and 
bottom-line may get concentrated in a particular quarter, which may 
result in a bump. Overall, we have to look at a few quarters and then 
see how the overall growth trajectory is to really consider. Because 
there will be certain quarters where due to multiple stages of processing 
that we are doing, we may end up doing more earlier stages processing 
and the invoicing may happen in the later quarters, which may impact 
the topline and the bottom-line growth. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, sir. Wish you all the best. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Aejas Lakhani from Unify AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Yes, sir, just a clarification on the Xanthine. Sir, you mentioned that Rs. 
15-20 crores was on account of plant shutdown. So, just wanted to 
understand that X of that, has there been any impact of pricing, volume, 
seasonality, if you can expand? 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, there have been no impact on any of these things. Basically, as we 
have disclosed the product sales mix that we have done, we have done 
more sales to export as well as the beverages market in the current 
quarter. And that has resulted in better performance in this current 
quarter. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood. And sir, just could you also call out in the API business, we 
understand the quarterly volatility and you mentioned that there was a 
shipping space impact and you had higher inventory. How do you 
expect the full year ramp up to be for this segment? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, in the API business also, we are looking at reasonable growth, I 
think, going forward. So, EBITDA growth will be at least more than 10%. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, we understand that there is a shift on the gross margin front, 
but like to like, if one were to compare it to the previous quarter in the 
old format, where were gross margins today? 
 
Piyush Lakhani: 
For the standalone, so the impact of this change in the cost of material 
consumed has been given for the earlier quarters also. So, now it is like 
to like, if you compare what we have published. 
 
Piyush Lakhani: 
On the presentation that was there. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, in Ganesh Polychem, when do we expect to break even? When 
will it start contributing to the bottom-line? And what are the key 
challenges today we are facing? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
In Ganesh Polychem, last year, we had good EBITDA of around Rs. 60 
crores. And this year, we took a plant shutdown to modify and do some 
modification at our plant. So, post that, I think we have restarted our 
plant in July. And I think in the current quarter, we will reach to normalcy 
of volume and demand. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And finally, sir, CDMO has started off to a good start. And we thought 
that this is more of a second half story. So, could you comment a little 
bit on what is driving CDMO? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
As mentioned in my opening remarks, I have already told that we have 
order book of the guidance that we have issued 35%-40% growth. So, 
we are quite confident about achieving the same. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Ankit Gupta with Bamboo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you highlighted about the reason for 
decline in revenue on the Xanthine part. But on the API front, sir last 
year, we had seen a very good growth because of the expansions we 
had done prior to last year. So, we had seen almost a growth of around 
42%. And I think there was some, we still had some room on the 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
capacity available for growth in the API segment. So, given how the 1st 
Quarter has panned out, do you think we can still grow at least 10%-
15% on the base of almost Rs. 770 crore of API in FY '25 for this 
Financial Year ‘26? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. See, what has happened is that last year, last quarter, we pushed 
a lot of sales. So, we could achieve very higher sales on the last year, 
last quarter, whereas in this quarter, we were constrained by shipping 
space availability and also that resulted in an inventory stock increase 
in particularly API. And of course, basis on every year, 1st Quarter, 
normally the API sales are higher, because at the start of the year, 
customers may like to cover some volume. So, I think there is some 
seasonality also. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, at least compare like? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
As I have mentioned, we will be able to grow this business. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And sir, on the Xanthine part, we have new capacities coming in, 
additional capacity of 4000 ton coming in, let us say, in the second half. 
So, for this segment, we have had very good volume growth for the past 
2-3 years. But because of the fall in realizations, the overall revenue 
has actually remained in the range of around Rs. 780-Rs. 800 crores. 
How do you see this Xanthine segment panning out for us over the next 
2 years, FY 26 and 27? 27 will have the full year benefit of the expansion 
coming in. So, do you think the additional capacity we can utilize at least 
70%-80% next year? And for this year, how do you see growth for this 
segment? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. Overall, I think 2 years down the line, we are looking at Rs. 1,000 
crore plus topline for this segment. And I think we are quite confident 
with the increased capacity, we will be able to achieve in 2-3 years’ time 
good optimized capacity utilization. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, at least FY '27, we should be able to reach Rs. 1,000 crores of 
revenue from Xanthine? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, in FY’ 27 or 28, in one of the years. Of course, it depends on the 
raw material prices, final price, all that. So, we have given that in 3 
years, we will have the capacity utilization of 80%-90%, with 50% of 
sales going to beverages and regulated customers. So, that is what is 
the target. So, ultimately, out of 9,000, we may optimally utilize 7,500-
8,000 out of which 50% will go to the beverages and export customers. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And that will be a better margin plus more regular sales kind of business 
for us? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, the products are different. So, the product for beverages is a 
different product and the product for API pharma requirement is 
different. 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Ankit Gupta: 
Any comments on the pricing, how the Xanthine prices are currently? 
Have we seen the prices bottoming out? And has there been any 
increase in the pricing for the Xanthine products? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, I think prices are stable on spot market also. Yes, we are seeing 
stable pricing, we have not seen any further drop of pricing. And overall, 
I think raw material costs have also come down. So, overall, that is what 
has resulted in the pricing pressure in past, but now I think everything 
is stable. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And last question was on the CDMO segment, we are expecting 
to get around 35%-40% kind of growth for this year, given how the 
pipeline is shaping up. So, can you talk about how do you see given 
how the pipeline is currently and we have seen significant increase in 
our molecules both on under development as well as commercial stage 
as well as we have added new customers also over the past 2 years, 
there has been significant jump in that. So, 27-28, do we see this 
segment continuing to grow at least 30-40 or even higher growth rates 
with new capacities that Atali coming in later half of this year? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
As I mentioned, in 3-4 years, we want all segments to grow up to USD 
100 million or Rs. 1,000 crore, whichever reaches faster, so that is what 
the target is. So, it depends on the year and how the approvals come 
and how our customers are doing. We have seeded the project, we 
have 60 projects which are ongoing and how the approvals are coming 
and how commercially the products are faring in the marketplace. And 
how fast we are able to get approvals as additional source in the current 
commercial product for the regular requirement. So, all these factors 
are in the hands of our customers. We are doing hard work in terms of 
supplies and development work, but ultimately, we will get there 
because all these products are currently in the patent phase. So, 
customers have fair bit of idea of how the growth is and how it is going 
ahead. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, let us say, in FY '29, we can expect at least Rs. 800-1000 crore of 
revenues from CDMO segment? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
That is the target. Yes. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from 
Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. So, my first question is, you have 
mentioned that by Q2, our Atali project mechanical completion will be 
over and by Q4, the commercial revenue will start. So, will 2 quarter 
time be sufficient to do validation and everything? And even if I assume 
asset turns of 1.3-1.4 times, essentially we are looking at Rs. 500 odd 
crore kind of a revenue from the Phase-1. So, from start to reaching that 
kind of a number, what is the timeline that we are envisaging? 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, whatever we are going to do, there is going to be earlier stages of 
production as well as the products which will shift from our current 
manufacturing site to this site where we are having additional orders. 
All these together will be able to fill up the plant slowly. And overall, I 
think we expect the plant to get utilized. We have earlier mentioned that 
every second year after 2 years, we will put up additional blocks. So, 
with this block optimally getting occupied, we will put up a newer facility. 
And we are basically not tracking topline to that extent. We will ensure 
EBITDA growth due to this addition of manufacturing facility. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, when we say that we will move some of the existing products or 
production from existing site to new site, does it mean that the revenue 
generated from new site will not be incremental in nature? That is how 
we should look at it? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We have multiple sites which ultimately feed into the CDMO business 
as well as the intermediate business. And I think you will see an 
increase in both. So, anyway, as we have projected growth in CDMO-
CMO this year and next year also going forward, we expect growth to 
happen. That will be driven by the additional capacities that we have 
put up in Atali. That will help us achieve those growth targets. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And sir, our aspiration to reach let us say, Rs. 1,000 crores number in 
a given timeline. So, to reach that number, do we see the visibility based 
on current commercial and in pipeline products to reach that number? 
Or you think that we need to get many more projects to actually get to 
that number? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
It depends on how our customers are doing and when they are getting 
approval. Anything can happen. We are currently doing hard work of 
getting more customers, more projects, and every year we will add 
those. And I think a combination of both will work towards achieving 
growth in future. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And lastly, if you can talk more in terms of what are the white spaces in 
terms of our capability on the CDMO side, which either we on our own 
or from the slight feedback from the customers that we are trying to 
develop or work upon, which can help us in the longer term if you 
elaborate on 2-3 such areas where we are spending money and effort 
on the CDMO side? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
As mentioned in the presentation, we have given the broad capabilities 
that we have. We have cyanation also as a part of our CDMO business. 
We are also doing continuous manufacturing, which we have added, 
which we can offer for CDMO. All these are newer offerings that we 
have added. We can also do cryogenic reactions and hydrogenation. 
We can do HPAPIs, so basically anti-cancer kind of finished products 
also. All these capabilities have enhanced our profile and offering for 
the innovators. 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Anything new that you think is going to be more relevant that more 
futuristic, but you are spending time and effort on? 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think as in past,I think the world is moving towards peptide biologics. 
And I think we would like to attempt that in future going forward. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Thank you. That is it from my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Madhav: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you so much for your time. Sir, first question 
on the Xanthine business. Just wanted to clarify, you said that our 
capacity will be going from 5000 tons to 9000 tons. So, we are adding 
roughly 80% capacity. And even on the 5000 ton run rate which we are 
at, we are tracking about Rs. 700-Rs. 720 crores topline. So, if the 
capacity here is going up by, let us say, 80%, why does the peak 
revenues be only Rs. 1,000 crores? It can be higher, right? Like, 
especially since we are targeting some better priced contracts as well 
in like regulated markets or maybe the pharma beverages, like you 
mentioned. So, just wanted to understand, like, if on a fully utilized 9,000 
ton block, what could be the peak revenue potential like ballpark on 
current prices maybe? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, Madhav. We have guided. Currently, in Q1, our revenue from 
export and beverage is 57% and 65% respectively. And going forward, 
we have guided that revenue from beverages can go up to 50+. 
Currently, we are on a higher side of that, but that will normalize with 
the additional capacity. Still, it will grow from the current base. That has 
one impact. And depending on how fast we are able to secure more 
pharma customers, it depends on that and that will define the topline 
because the spot price and the pharma prices, of course, there is a 
differential also. If we are able to capture a reasonable market of, say, 
10%-15% of our total demand in pharma, then of course, we can expect 
a higher topline. But if we have to offload the product in spot market, 
then it can be a little bit on the lower side. It all depends on how the 
approvals are coming to. Luckily, Xanthine and caffeine are in the 
Annexure 2 of the list. We are not impacted by the tariff which is a good 
thing that we had. 
 
Madhav: 
So, could you clarify what is the pecking order for prices like, is it 
beverages is the best price, then pharma and then spot like that? Or is 
it pharma, beverages and then spot? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think pharma has the best price and then I think beverages and then 
spot. The spot used to be higher. But now the spot is lower. It is a market 
where, of course, the approvals also matter. And the distribution 
network that we have now established over a period of time, also helps 
us push the product and there are certain geographies where we can 
enjoy some better pricing. 
 
Madhav: 
Sir, just to clarify, you are saying that in the current mix that we plan to 
sell into pharma, beverages, spot, the total 9000-ton capacity, we 
expect Rs. 1,000 crores of topline. That is the way to think or it could be 
a bit higher or lower? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Rs. 1,000 Crores plus, so it can be anything. Yes. 
Madhav: 
Got it. Then the second question I just wanted to check was on the 
CDMO business. Did I hear it, you are saying that by FY '28 or ‘29, this 
current Rs. 200 crores, there is potential to be Rs. 800-Rs. 1,000 crores, 
is that right? Did I get that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 3-4 years. 
 
Madhav: 
And sir, is it from the existing commercial, the 33 molecules we expect 
like very good scale up or is it the pipeline which makes us more sort of 
bullish on the segment? Like if you could, whatever color you can share 
on the growth drivers that would be helpful? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think it is going to be effect of both. And I think we have more promising 
under development pipeline also. And that is why it depends on how the 
growth happens in the approvals, once the customers get approval. And 
of course, there are a variety of factors depending on the competing 
therapy and how they are effectively able to capture the market share. 
 
Madhav: 
Understood. And sir, of the 27 projects in development, how many 
would be in Phase-3 or late stages of development? Could you give 
some sense there? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So, we do more Phase-2, Phase-3 work. So, I think Phase-1 will be very 
limited. More Phase-2, Phase-3 only. Otherwise, you would have seen 
a much higher number of projects that we would have done. But we are 
marketing ourselves as a manufacturing specialist, which does good 
manufacturing optimization and cost optimization, route of synthesis 
selection and having large capacity to match the requirement of 
customer’s needs in case the product hits jackpot. So, all those things 
are giving us a good customer base. 
 
Madhav: 
Sir, just last question, like in case if you are able to get to this mix of, let 
us say, Rs. 1,000 crores plus topline in Xanthine, CDMO reaching, let 
us say, Rs. 800-Rs. 1,000 crores and API growing at a reasonable 
pace. Like, how does the margin profile of the company move like from 
the current 25%? My sense would be that the margins should improve. 
 
 
 
Is that the right way to think or you think margins could be stable, if this 
business mix plays out the way we are thinking? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think, EBITDA should grow reasonably. I think the topline is all 
dependent on the foreign exchange and raw material prices and all that. 
Ultimately, we try to tag per kg margin we try to maintain in most of the 
products. That is how it works. I think, margin should be from the current 
level. It can go plus or minus 2%-3%. 
 
Madhav: 
But CDMO is probably the highest margin segment than Xanthine and 
API, is that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Madhav: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Vivek Gautam with GS Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yes. Sorry, sir. I joined the conference late. So, if you can just, if it is 
repetitive, then please excuse me. How much is the exposure we have 
to the US and what would be the tariff impact for our company and 
pharma sector in particular? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, currently our US sales would be around 8%-10%. But I think we 
don't have any tariff impact currently. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
Only 8%-10%. And how come no tariff impact, sir? Basically, the 
pharma is exempted by the US government. 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. Pharma and Annexure 2. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
So, any risk profit being a temporary sort of a thing and CDMO is also 
sort of covered under that only, sir? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think CDMO work more, of course, we have US based customers also, 
but largely US, Europe, it is multi-geographical. There also, I think our 
US concentration is not very high. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
And what about our CAPEX plan, sir? And so H2 will be much better, 
especially with respect to high margin CDMO business? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. The CAPEX plan, as we have mentioned, is that in the second half 
of this year, we will have the Atali new site operationalized. And also in 
the second half of this year, we will have the caffeine capacity addition 
also. Next year, of course, we will have much higher capacities to 
produce more products. Of course, this year also, in the second half 
also, we may have partial impact of this. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
And a few words about your Xanthine and API business, please, sir. 
Basically, Xanthine, we are facing competition from China and much 
more and API comparatively less because China is strong in both the 
segments? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
The APIs that we are doing are more complex APIs and they are only 
targeted towards the regulated markets. The China presence in those 
products is a little limited. Whereas in Xanthine, of course, China has 
large capacities and they compete. But our value proposition to our 
customers is that we are the only backward integrated source 
independent of Chinese, from India who can offer them Xanthine 
products at a reasonable price. With that, we are able to get market 
share in Xanthine. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
Any plans for us to reduce the exposure to US market due to the 
overhanging risk by Trump administration? So, are we looking at other 
geographies to diversify our risk? 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
So, we don't have any major exposure in USA. 8-10% is very 
reasonable. And that too pharma being exempt on the list, I don't think. 
We are largely present in Europe and all the other geographical 
locations. 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
Thank you, ma’am. 
 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Shubham Aggarwal with 
Burman Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Shubham Aggarwal: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Can you give us some quantitative 
context over the segment-level margin across the 3 segments? And sir, 
where do you see the company-level margin shaping up in the medium 
and long term as the CDMO revenues spike? Thank you 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We are not giving the segmental margins. But as I mentioned in past, 
the margin profile in CDMO-CMO is the highest, followed by Xanthine 
and then API. They are closely neck and neck whereas overall, I think 
we have guided for the EBITDA growth, and I think we are maintaining 
the current guidance. 
 
Shubham Aggarwal: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. In the past, we have spoken about 
some of our molecules reaching a scale of $20-$30 million for us in the 
CDMO segment. Given we have 33 commercial molecules as of 1st 
Quarter, do you think some of these molecules over the next 2-3 years 
themselves have a potential of reaching this scale of let us say, $20-
$30 million? Or some of the underdevelopment projects or molecule 
projects have those potentials, so if you can talk about that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
It will be a mix of both. We shouldn't pin only to these because it is 
ultimately the final molecule that requires multiple products. So, we may 
supply all the chemistry also to the innovators. So, combining all the 
chemistry for a single product, finally, we may be able to reach, in some 
product that kind of a number. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And it will be a mix of both. Some of the commercial molecules also that 
we have currently have those potential over the next 2-3 years? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
In these 33 commercialized molecules, will there be some molecules 
where we will be the largest supplier? And will our market share in those 
molecules will be, let us say, 40%-50%? And there will be some other 
CDMO companies who will be the second supplier? Or we are mostly 
the second or the third source suppliers in the CDMO sector? 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think later is more true because I think a lot of products have 
shifted from China to us. And that is where still the validations are 
happening. And once we become a full-fledged supplier, each innovator 
also has multiple partners to manufacture this product. And they have 
multiple partners from China. So, the market share starts from 20%-
25% and then it can go up to 50% also. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, a lot of these molecules are still under validation and the scale-up 
will happen? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Every year, the campaign may not come. It depends on the size of the 
product. So, suppose certain products may be regular. Certain products 
may be a campaign product for the API manufacturer of innovators. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And sir, this segment has largely been second-half heavy. Every 
year, we have seen significant scale-up in our CDMO revenue. So, is 
that expected to continue? Is that lumpiness expected to continue? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, it will continue. I think more sales will come in later quarters. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
And it will continue after Atali starts operations and contributes 
significantly, let us say, from FY '27-‘28 onwards as well? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Overall, we can guide for the business. Atali is a capacity. Basically we 
are increasing from 1100 KL to 1500 KL. Where we are going to 
manufacture what - will be dependent on overall supply chain planning 
that is being done and how the approvals are achieved. If any product 
has 5-7 stages, we may shift 3-4 stages at Atali and do final stages 
there (existing sites), if the customer is not giving us the approval to 
shift. Whereas the new products will directly go to Atali. But of course, 
we will have multi-site flexibility. That is a good thing. So, it will also 
have risk mitigation overall. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Dr. Neha Kharodia with Abakkus. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Dr. Neha Kharodia: Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. And my 
question was on the API and intermediate piece. So, just wanted to 
understand, sir, you mentioned in the initial remarks that in this business 
segment, it was more of a conscious decision about the intermediate 
business that we had more focus on the CDMO side. So, probably the 
decline which is seen is because of the intermediate business coming 
down. But just wanted to understand why was that as in were we facing 
any capacity constraints? 
 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
Yes. That is the reason why we are going to start the Atali site so that 
we can have our intermediates also validated. And now the 
intermediates which require for captive consumption can be validated 
faster so that we can free up our older capacity to start catering to the 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
customer along with the CDMO earlier stages, which Rashesh 
mentioned earlier. 
 
Dr. Neha Kharodia: So, on that, just to understand it more qualitatively, so if we talk about 
the capacity being free on that and so in Q4 combined revenue of let us 
say, the API intermediate and CDMO business was about Rs. 350 
crores and this quarter it is significantly low. So, I did not understand 
that part, like how exactly is it? 
 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
Yes, as we mentioned earlier that for our CDMO businesses, we have 
a lot of stages to be manufactured. So, we start a little early, and the 
early stages are under production and that is still continuing in the 
current quarter also. And most likely in H2, you will see the bump of 
sales going in. 
 
Dr. Neha Kharodia: Bump in the CDMO segment? 
 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
Yes, overall. 
 
Dr. Neha Kharodia: And so is it fair to assume that going forward, let us say, Q2 onwards in 
API and intermediate business, the growth will again catch up or will it 
again be, let us say, more of a filter towards H2 in terms of the API 
segment? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So, I think year-on-year, there will be growth in both the segments, API 
intermediate as well as the CDMO-CMO. CDMO-CMO, we have, 
anyway, specifically guided the growth. And I think we are quite positive 
with the new capacity coming in. I think there will be growth in the API 
intermediate segment as well. 
 
Dr. Neha Kharodia: Understood, sir. So, if one assumes, let us say, mid-teen kind of growth, 
will that be a fair assumption still in, let us say, FY '26 or maybe on a 
FY '26-‘27 CAGR basis in the API intermediate segment? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So, basically, topline, see what happens is that, as I earlier also 
mentioned on earlier conference calls, is that we have regulated market 
customers, we have rest of the world customers and non-regulated 
customers. So, if we don't get the capacities available, then we cut the 
non-regulated market. But we still cater to high margin regulated market 
as well as the ROW customers. So, basically, practically, you have to 
see the EBITDA growth overall, which really makes the difference in the 
API segment as well as the Xanthine segment also, I can cut the spot 
sales. If the capacity goes down by 10%, still the profit may not go down 
by the same amount. The profit may go down by only a few percentage 
points and vice versa is also true because we are anyway capturing all 
the high margin markets. Even if I have much higher capacity, the 
growth may not come significantly higher because we are currently 
capturing all the important profitable markets and then we go after the 
non-reg market. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Dr. Neha Kharodia: And so in terms of capacity utilization for the quarter, can we give some 
color on that? Like how was the capacity utilization for intermediates in 
CDMO capacity? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, we were 80% plus utilization, 80%-85%, which is optimally utilized 
because we are doing so many products at a time. So, we are fully 
occupied. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Yash Lahoti with SOIC Research. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Yash Lahoti: 
Yes, good evening. So, my question was related to the CDMO part 
where we are guiding like 30%-40% kind of growth. So, first of all, will 
the margin this year expand on the console level? And also, like what 
is our vision for the CDMO segment for the next 3-4 years? Can it be 
30%-40% of the overall business for the company? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think we have guided 30%-40% growth this year on the CDMO 
part. And I think overall, we aspire to do the numbers that I mentioned 
earlier in the call where we want to reach in 3-4 years. So, I think overall, 
it depends on how the whole market plays out and how we are able to 
ramp up the other products. So, it can go anywhere between 25% and 
33% of our sales. 
 
Yash Lahoti: 
And the other question was related to the solar plant that is coming. So, 
what kind of cost savings can we get from that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I did mention earlier that annually it will have Rs. 25-30 crores cost 
saving for the current plant that we have operationalized. And then, of 
course, we have one more plant which is coming up, which is going to 
be the plant with the power purchase agreement that we will have with 
the joint venture. That will also have more savings. 
 
Yash Lahoti: 
And the last question was related to the base business. How we are 
seeing the growth this year in the base business? We are almost near 
to the full utilization level and also, the newer capacities that are coming 
up into even Xanthine side and API side, later in this year? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So, I think second half is not far, yes. In second half, we will have the 
capacities and that will allow us to grow further. And we are also adding 
one additional de-bottlenecking of API line. There is a lot of, I think, de-
bottlenecking which keeps on happening in the existing sites also. 
Overall, we will have additional capacities which will get freed up in the 
second half of this year or maybe towards the last quarter, which will 
allow us to grow this year and of course, next year as well. 
 
Yash Lahoti: 
That is it from my side. Thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh with 
Scientific Investing. Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Hello, sir. My question is regarding the new CAPEX which will be 
coming live in next 6-12 months. So, usually, whenever a new CAPEX 
comes live, some of the expenses are front-loaded. And then once we 
reach maybe 40%, 50%, 60% capacity, then the operating leverage 
may happen. So, coming to these two businesses where we are coming 
with CAPEX, how does it look like? Do you feel it will impact some 
margin for 1 year and then we will have an operating leverage? Or do 
you feel there should not be enough margin impact given the existing 
business picture of that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think the two CAPEXs are of different types. So, one of the 
CAPEXs is greenfield CAPEX, where I think whatever you said is true 
whereas the second CAPEX is brownfield. And in brownfield, I think the 
cost will not go up as much. So, we will have an advantage that with the 
higher capacity also, costs remain low. Whereas in the greenfield, we 
will have more OPEX which will have to be covered over a period of 
time with the utilization. So, I think we are going to have a mix of both. 
The Xanthine will be more brownfield and the Atali project is going to 
be more Greenfield of nature. And there also we have done almost Rs. 
150-Rs. 200 crore of infra spend, which is for future. So, currently we 
have just started with Block 1, for which mechanical closure we have 
done. Still with the other blocks coming in, we have capacity to do 10 
blocks. Also once we have more and more blocks, it will go more in the 
brownfield expansion mode. So, I think we have to bite the bullet once. 
So, that is what we will do in Atali. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Got it. And second question is on, if you can give some visibility in terms 
of the granularity of revenue in terms of the API and CDMO business, 
how granular it is? I know there could be restrictions in terms of 
competitive reasons, but if you can give some color to it that how 
granular these businesses are? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
So, in the API business, we have in the next 2-3 years, good patent 
expiries, which are coming in. And with the products that you can see 
our website and the expiries. We will have good potential if our partners 
are able to gain the market share. So, it is all depending on the partner's 
ability to gain the market share and how competitively we are able to 
support partner in manufacturing the products that they desire. But we 
have good pipeline. I think in that Anticancer and some of the general 
products have promising sales. I think I see a lot of billion dollar plus 
products in our pipeline, multi-billion dollar products, which are going to 
expire. So, we expect if we are able to get 10%-20% market share in 
these few of these products, we will be able to get a good growth in API. 
So, I think intermediate segment also same to basically where we are 
seated with multiple vertically integrated players, we end up supplying 
intermediates to multiple 5-7 customers in each product. And even if 
one or two of them are successfully able to get their products launched 
in the US and Europe, we can get good volumes. And even the 
validation quantities and all that also can be meaningful. There again, 
the game is how competitive you are remaining in total and that is where 
the constant efforts to remain cost effective, create capacities for 
meeting the customer's demand and all that is important. So, that is why 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
we have proactively invested in Atali to have that possibility of growth 
in this segment. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Got it. And sir, either now or in future, do you see any of these API 
intermediate products having more than 20%, high double digit revenue 
share of their segment? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. That is what our overall aspiration is that any product that we do 
should be at least 10% plus of market share of the global. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sir, I am not asking for market share. In the API intermediate, our 
revenue mix, are there products which are contributing in high double 
digit? Like 20% of overall API intermediate revenue or 20% of API 
intermediate revenue, do we have such products? Just to gauge how 
granular our revenue is? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, we have more than 140 products that we offer as API intermediates. 
Of course, some of them are very big. So, few products have $5-6 
million sales also. And of course, we have captive sales, internally 
consumption also. So, with that, I think overall, these products are larger 
products, but not very heavily dependent on any few products. So, it is 
a mixed basket of many products that we do. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
That is all I had. Wish you all the best. I am looking forward to the next 
few quarters. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Abhishek with Padmaja 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek: 
Am I audible, sir? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
 
Abhishek: 
My question is on the Ganesh Polychem, like since the capacity is now 
running from July, is there a possibility for larger profit potential from the 
joint venture? That is my question? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think longer term, the capacity we have grown and I think overall the 
plan is to the modification that we carried out was to enable ourselves 
to meet more demand of the customer. So, that is what is the endeavor. 
It may not happen in this year, but I think longer term, we will have 
higher capacities, which will be able to meet more customers and more 
markets. So, there are multiple products that we have and few of them 
have applications in aerospace also and which is growing quite nicely. 
With that, we will have good growth possibilities. 
 
Abhishek: 
As of now, the profit contribution from the joint venture is close to Rs. 
40 crores or Rs. 60 crores? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Piyush, can you answer this? 
 
Piyush Lakhani: 
Sorry, what is the question? Can you repeat? 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Abhishek: 
The joint venture contribution to the profit because now, we won't be 
adding it to the revenue and straight to the profit. How much is it going 
to be following this year or next year? 
 
Piyush Lakhani: 
So, there will not be any impact on the profit per se. It will still be counted 
as part of the profit after tax. There will be an impact only on the revenue 
and the expenditure. 
 
Abhishek: 
Yes, I got that part. I am asking that what was that number last year? 
Was it Rs. 40 crores or Rs. 60 crores? 
 
Piyush Lakhani: 
It was Rs. 60 crores EBITDA. EBITDA was Rs. 60 crores. So, our share 
was 50% of that. 
 
Abhishek: 
Thanks. That is all. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Prakash Kapadia from Kapadia 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. Most of the questions are answered. I just had one question. On 
the CDMO side, obviously, we have seen good growth, and you 
commented the trajectory will continue. So, given that growth in CDMO 
shouldn't EBITDA trend higher than the 12%-15% which we have I think 
mentioned at the PPT. 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, I think as we mentioned with the new plants coming in, we will have 
higher OPEX also and all that. So, with that, I think we have to see how 
our overall utilization happens and next year, we can definitely have 
higher growth. But this year, with the half year, we will have to see how 
it grows. 
 
Hetal Gogri Gala: 
And also, along with CDMO, we have other businesses also growing. 
So, overall, there will be combined if we see. It will be as guided earlier. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Avneesh with Varkaria. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Avneesh: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I just have a 
quick one. This is regarding the CDMO business where you make 
products for the big pharma, the on-patent products. I just wanted to 
know that the APIs or the intermediates that you make, are they getting 
exported to the formulation plant in the US or are they getting to Ireland? 
Which is your major export country right now for that business? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think they are getting exported all around the world. So, largely, I think 
Europe is quite concentrated for manufacturing of API and formulation. 
And of course, some goes to US as well. 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Avneesh: 
But the goods that are getting shipped to the USA, as I understand, API 
doesn't form in the definition of pharmaceutical as it applies for the tariff. 
So, are your APIs that are getting shipped to US, are they getting 
tariffed right now? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
No, they are not getting tariffed. 
 
Avneesh: 
So, basically, API are also exempt from tariffs as of now? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes. 
 
Avneesh: 
And let us assume for a second that Section 232 investigation does lead 
to some tariff. Is there an understanding on how that might impact our 
business? Who is going to take on these tariffs? What are the contracts 
like? Are they FOB or are they DDP? Can you give some color on that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Some of the contracts are FOB, I think largely FOB. 
 
Avneesh: 
Is that an understanding that whatever number that comes from the 
investigation, whatever that number that would be, is it like partly 
absorbed by us and the customer or fully absorbed by the customer? Is 
there any clarity on that? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think 50% tariff, if it becomes applicable, I don't know what will happen. 
But currently, anyway, we are safe from this. We are not speculating 
what will happen. Currently, they are under the exempt list. We hope 
that the things resolve and we have a much better tariff situation in 
future. And even if something were to come, I think, if it comes to 50%, 
I think there will be some impact. Because even if we directly may not 
sell, I think our customers will eventually sell to the US market because 
US is the biggest market of formulation, of generic products. And what 
is the stance of President Trump on the generic, whether they want to 
apply tariffs or not, and how he wants to take it. It is more speculative. I 
think today, the tariffs are not applicable. That is what we can say. 
 
Avneesh: 
So, basically, when that number comes, that is when you start having 
discussions with your customer on basically, how this gets split or 
whether the customer absorbs it or not? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Yes, because a lot of customers are India based also, which ultimately 
end up exporting the regulated market API customers. These could be 
basis India, and they ultimately export. There are a few customers 
which are US based, but largely the manufacturing has shifted to other 
countries from US. 
 
Avneesh: 
Yes, just one clarification here. Some of the other players have said that 
the APIs are actually not exempt from this Section 232 and it applies to 
only the final formulation. So, you are indicating that you are paying the 
tariff on the API exports to the US? 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I think the products that we are exporting, our sale condition is CIF. So, 
we are not paying any tariff. And of course, the Xanthine is under 

 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Annexure 2 list. So, it is under exempt, the caffeine and its source are 
under the exempt list. 
 
Avneesh: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Rashesh Gogri: 
I would like to thank all of you for attending the call. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This concludes the conference call. On behalf of Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
