VIBHOR STEEL TUBES LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Vibhor Steel Tubes Private Limited) 
CIN: L27109HR2003PLC035091 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 2, Industrial Development Colony, Delhi Road, Hisar, Haryana – 
125005 
📞 01662-237359, 222710   ✉ contact@vstlindia.com   🌐 www.vstlindia.com 
 
 
Manufacturing Units: 
Maharashtra - Pipe Nagar (Vill. Sukeli), NH-17 BKG Road, Via – Nagothane, Teh. Roha, Distt. Raigad, Maharashtra – 402126  
Telangana - SY No. 515 & 516, Udithyala (V), Balanagar (M), Mahabubnagar (Dist.), Telangana – 509202  
Odisha - Plot No. 45, Podbahal, Bhasma-42, Sadar Sundargarh, Sundargarh, Odisha – 770019 
 
VSTL: CS: Earnings Call/Q1/2025-26  
 
 
 
                  Date: 19-08-2025 
To,
Department of Corporate AƯairs, 
BSE LIMITED, 
P.J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
To,
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 544124
NSE Symbol: VSTL
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Un-audited Standalone Financial 
Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated August 08, 2025, filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call to discuss the un-
audited standalone financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 which was held on 
Wednesday, August 13, 2025 at 4:00 P.M, (1ST). 
 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges on August 13, 2025, we are 
enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also available  on the website of the Company at  
https://www.vstlindia.com/upload_dynamic_content/transcript.pdf 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mrs. Pallavi Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A42227 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
Pallavi 
Aggarwal
Digitally signed by 
Pallavi Aggarwal 
Date: 2025.08.19 
11:33:52 +05'30'

 
 
Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited 
Q1 FY’25-26 Earnings Conference Call 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
The Q1 FY’25-26 Earnings Conference Call for Vibor Steel Tubes Limited. We have with us today, 
Mr. Vibhor Kaushik, Managing Director of the company. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
With this, I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik – Managing Director of 
Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited for his opening remarks and to share the audience the company 
performance in Q1 FY’25-26. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Hello everyone. I welcome everyone to this conference call of Vibhor Steel Tubes and I am 
gladly letting everyone know that I am taking this call from Telangana factory. 
For the past, every time we have had this conference call, I have always found myself in one of 
the three plants, either Sukeli, Telangana or Jharsuguda. The 1st Quarter has been very smooth. 
We expected this because of the push that we have got from the government in terms of duties 
so, it has made the domestic raw material competitive. It has made the requirement in the 
domestic market very steady and that is why it has reflected in the turnover for Quarter 1 in 
terms of the top line and also in terms of the margins. I am also very glad to inform everyone 
that Jharsuguda has started. We were waiting for a very long time for electricity and finally the 
electricity connection is installed. We have successfully tried and tested two of our tube mills. 
As of today, we have been able to manufacture three sizes of our steel pipes, namely 1.5-inch, 
2-inch, and 1-inch, the rest of them are in pipeline and we should be able to make it this month. 
Our galvanised capacity, galvanised plant is also tried and tested. It is running well; it is running 
smoothly. We have tested all these pipes that we have manufactured on our tube mills. We 
have galvanised them. Apart from that, we have also successfully tried and manufactured 
around about 1,000 tonnes of highway guard rails. We have tried them on galvanizing line as 
well. We have done over 500 tonnes of galvanizing. It looks like all the hurdles that we were 
facing for so many months for Jharsuguda, all of them we have now overcome. We should be 
able to steady our growth and our turnover should reflect from Jharsuguda as well from 
Quarter 2 of this year. This was the good news that I wanted to give to pass it over on this 

conference call, the growth is steady and the new unit is ready with its production and with its 
capacity utilization now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. 
 
The first question comes from the line of Divya Sharma, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Divya Sharma: 
Namaste, sir. First of all, congratulations for your new plant and it really took a lot of time for 
switching that electricity line to regular power mode. Sir, my question is apart from the 
company's profile, basically I found that during investor presentation of Interarch, they are 
expanding their pre-engineering business and they are doing a heavy capex. So, are we having 
any plan in the back of our mind to cater to that segment because steel tubes is a major 
component in this segment? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
I could not hear you properly. You mentioned about capex in Jharsuguda. Is that regarding 
Jharsuguda? 
Divya Sharma: 
No, sir. Actually, my question is different from our company's business. I am asking that pre-
engineered business is growing at quite a steady rate and they are doing heavy capex. And steel 
tubes is one of the major components in pre-engineered business. So, are we having any plan 
to cater that segment?  
Vibhor Kaushik: 
The steel pipes? 
Divya Sharma: 
Actually, I want to ask if we are having any plans of doing capex for catering demand of pre-
engineering business companies. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Pre-engineering? You mean to say the prefabricated shelves? 
Divya Sharma: 
Yes, sir. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
In our manufacturing of steel pipes, a lot of it is used in building materials to construct 
warehouses, to construct a lot of buildings also. As a matter of fact, even our warehouses in 
Jharsuguda are all made from steel pipes only. So, through our dealer network, we do supply 
to a lot of buildings, pre-engineering buildings. But we ourselves do not want to jumpstart into 
a different vertical which is of PEBs. We are using a lot of PEBs for our in-house, a lot of our 
guest rooms are also made using prefabricated material, our own pipes only. But not 
exclusively, extensively to use prefabricated engineering because that requires a different 
vertical. We want to first see the vertical and the new segment and the new area that we have 

opened up which is the North-East of India. So, once we streamline that, maybe in the future 
we could look into PV section. But as for right now, we want to concentrate that we capture 
the market of North-East for steel pipes as quickly as possible. That is our first target that we 
have for Quarter 2 and the remaining of the year. 
Divya Sharma: 
Yes, sir. Once again, sir, congratulations for the new plant.  
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Rushin Hirpara from Scoop Investment. Please go ahead. 
Rushin Hirpara: 
I have a question regarding the new CAPEX plant that you have commissioned. So, what will be 
the peak revenue potential at the current basis from that CAPEX? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
The installed capacity is very similar to our plants in Maharashtra and Telangana. It has the 
same installed capacity. Since it is newly opened, although we have a lot of enquiries already 
lined up from our existing dealers, many of our existing dealers in Maharashtra and Telangana 
have offices also, in Calcutta, in Bhubaneswar, in Raipur, they have shown a lot of enthusiasm 
and a lot of enquiries we are getting for the pipe products. So, we are hoping to reach all of 
their demand within this Quarter 2. It should eventually be able to reach the levels of the rest 
of our two units, one in Maharashtra and one in Telangana. So, we are putting all our effort 
towards capturing as much market share as possible in this new region where we have put up 
our new plant. 
Rushin Hirpara: 
Next, I want to ask about the total cost of this capacity. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
We have furnished it. I do not have the exact numbers right now, but we have furnished all this 
information. 
Rushin Hirpara: 
Can you tell what was the overall capacity utilization? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Our CAPEX that we have installed is 120 Cr, that is the CAPEX in the new plant. 
Rushin Hirpara: 
Sir, overall capacity utilization? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Capacity utilization is yet to be determined because it is only our first month that we got the 
electricity, our first month only of manufacturing. But the installed capacity is along the line of 
Maharashtra and Telangana, somewhere around 1,00,000-1,20,000 tonnes per annum. 
Rushin Hirpara: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. 

 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I will now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik, Managing Director from Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited 
for closing comments. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Thank you for joining this conference call. This year appears to be very promising because as 
opposed to last year, we do not see a lot of fluctuation in the raw material price. And now that 
we are in quarter two, after Diwali, generally the prices are expected to rise. The trend is that 
there are raw materials coming in from China and from other imports. It appears that this year 
should be very healthy in terms of our margin realization. And also, the demand has been very 
steady. The orders intakes have been quite steady. With our new plant in Jharsuguda, we 
should be able to gain a lot of presence in India as an entirety. Now we have ASRA and Gujarat 
catered from Sukeli, from Nagothane, and South catered from Hyderabad. Similarly, we are 
very optimistic and very positive that we should be able to capture a lot of market in Northeast, 
a lot of market in West Bengal, in Odisha, in Raipur and also some parts, southern parts. So, we 
are viewing this as a very promising year and it should lay a foundation to a very successful and 
very bright future for this organization in terms of achieving a new turnover and also in terms 
of achieving the new markets which we have not been able to tap over these years. With that 
note, I thank you everyone for being a part of this conversation. Thank you very much for 
joining us. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Vibhor Steel Tubes Ltd, that concludes today's session. 
Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
