 
 
 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
Registered Office:  
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, Building ‘A’, 
4th and 5th Floor, Unit No. 401, 403, 501, 502,  
L.B.S. Road, Kurla, Mumbai - 400 070 
 
CIN: L18101MH2007PLC233901 
Tel.: +91 86529 05000 
Fax: +91 86529 05400 
 
Website: www.abfrl.com 
E-mail: secretarial@abfrl.adityabirla.com 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip code: 535755  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Symbol: ABFRL  
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q1 FY 26 Earnings Call of the Company 
 
Ref.:  1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;  
 2. Our intimation dated June 24, 2025 and August 13, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Q1 FY 26 Earnings Call held on Thursday, August 
14, 2025 is annexed herewith. 
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the website 
of the Company i.e., www.abfrl.com.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Sincerely, 
For Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
Anil Malik 
President & Company Secretary  
 
Encl: a/a 
E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anil Kumar 
Malik
Digitally signed by 
Anil Kumar Malik 
Date: 2025.08.20 
14:07:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
First Quarter Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DIKSHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MR. JAGDISH BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the First Quarter Earnings Conference Call of 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited. The call will begin with a brief discussion by the 
company's management on the Q1 FY '26 performance, followed by a question-and-answer 
session. We have with us today Mr. Ashish Dikshit, Managing Director, ABFRL; and Mr. 
Jagdish Bajaj, CFO, ABFRL.  
I want to thank the management team on behalf of all the participants for taking valuable time 
to be with us. I must remind you that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
Please restrict your questions to the quarter performance and to strategic questions only. 
Housekeeping questions can be dealt separately with the IR team.  
With this, I hand the conference over to Mr. Jagdish Bajaj. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call. Thank you for 
joining us today. As we reflect on the first quarter, the apparel market witnessed selective growth 
pockets, largely fueled by higher wedding dates. That said, the broader market sentiment remains 
cautious and the pace of recovery continues to be gradual. 
 
Against this backdrop, our focus has remained steadfast on driving profitability through 
disciplined execution and operational efficiency. All our businesses have either maintained or 
improved margins, demonstrating the resilience of our portfolio. Growth during the quarter was 
led by our newer businesses, which continue to capture the emerging consumer segments. 
 
These segments are fast becoming key growth engines, supported by differentiated product 
offerings, sharper brand positioning and stronger consumer connect as reflected in their growing 
contribution to overall revenue from 37% last year to 44% this year. 
 
Before financial performance, an update on corporate actions. TMRW gets first investment of 
INR437 crores from ServiceNow Ventures in its current round of external fundraise, leveraging 
the ServiceNow AI platform. TMRW will further enhance its speed to market, dynamic and 
focused assortment and seamless consumer experiences across the rapidly expanding omni-
channel footprint. Relevant regulatory filings pertaining to the transactions have been 
completed. 
 
On demerger, as previously communicated, all requisite processes have been successfully 
completed, culminating in the creation of Aditya Birla Lifestyle Brands Limited. The company 
was listed on the stock exchange on 23rd June 2025. 
 
Coming to the financial performance for this quarter. ABFRL sustained its strong profitable 
growth momentum in Q1 FY '26, underpinned by a well-defined strategy of scaling its diverse, 
high-potential businesses with a disciplined focus on profitability. The company's consistent 
execution once again delivered healthy top line growth alongside margin resilience despite a 
challenging market backdrop. 
 
Revenue for the quarter increased 9% Y-o-Y to INR1,831 crores, fueled by strong performance 
across key segments. Performance of ethnic and TMRW business stood out delivering 25% and 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
38% growth, respectively, reflecting the strength of their brand portfolios, expanding consumer 
reach and sustained demand momentum. 
 
EBITDA rose to INR169 crores, up 38% Y-o-Y, supported by strong expansion in the ethnic 
business, where margins improved by 1600 bps, stable margins in TMRW and Pantaloons 
despite a softer market environment further impacted by the shift of Eid. 
 
Excluding TMRW, rest of ABFRL portfolio delivered an EBITDA of INR245 crores, which is 
49% growth over last year. This balanced growth driven by both scale and operational efficiency 
underscores ABFRL's ability to navigate market shifts while building a stronger foundation for 
sustained profitability. 
 
As of June 2025, ABFRL held gross cash of INR2,070 crores. Let me first cover Pantaloons. 
The Pantaloons segment reported revenue of INR1,094 crores, primarily due to the shift of Eid 
and the impact of store closure over the last 12 months, adjusted for which growth would have 
been 4%. LTL this quarter remained flat. However, when adjusted for the shift of Eid from April 
last year to March this year, the normalized LTL stood at 3%. 
 
For Q1 FY '26, the segmental margin stood at 17.1%, marginally lower than last year, largely 
owing to lower sales. Despite this, Pantaloons format once again delivered an EBITDA margin 
of 18% plus, underscoring the consistent strength of its retail operations, controlled markdown 
strategies and disciplined cost management across its network. 
 
Style Up, the value retail format under Pantaloons continued its strong growth trajectory. The 
brand expanded its footprint to 49 stores during the quarter and posted a robust 36% revenue 
growth signaling expanding shopper base. This momentum positions Style Up well for 
accelerated scale up in the coming quarters and sustained growth in the years ahead. 
 
Ethnic businesses, continue to be a powerful growth engine for us, anchored by the most 
comprehensive ethnic brand portfolio in India, spanning designer-led brands to premium ethnic 
wear brands. In Q1 FY '26, the segment delivered a stellar performance, reporting revenue of 
INR436 crores, up 25% Y-o-Y, one of the highest growth rates across our portfolio. 
 
Profitability showed a sharp uplift with EBITDA margin expanding by 1600 bps, resulting in 
positive EBITDA this quarter versus a loss in the same period last year. The quarter's strong 
performance was driven by robust LTL growth across most brands, with occasion-led brands 
posting double-digit LTL growth on the back of a strong wedding season and sustained demand 
for occasion wear fashion. 
 
Strategic actions, including curated seasonal collections, sharper merchandising and enhanced 
retail experiences further strengthened consumer connect and translated into higher productivity 
per store. Our designer-led ethnic portfolio comprising Sabyasachi, Tarun Tahiliani, House of 
Masaba, Shantnu Nikhil delivered an exceptional 79% Y-o-Y growth in Q1. 
 
These brands continue to set benchmark in the luxury and freight ethnic space, driven by 
category extension, accelerated store rollout and continuous product innovation that elevated 
consumer experience and brand desirability. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Within premium ethnic wear, Tasva posted another standout quarter, capitalizing on the wedding 
season to deliver 72% Y-o-Y sales growth and 39% LTL growth. The brand further deepened 
its presence in key wedding hubs and strengthened its connect with Indian consumers, expanding 
its network now to 70 stores. 
 
TCNS posted growth in revenue over last year despite store closures, demonstrating the 
resilience and strength of its brands. Growth was multichannel, led by 4% retail LTL alongside 
strong momentum in other sales channels. After a slow April, business has moved into a 
consistent double-digit LTL growth trajectory. Profits of the quarter saw a significant 
improvement versus last year, driven by higher gross margins and improved retail performance. 
 
On luxury retail, comprising the multi-brand format, the collective and other mono brands 
continue to deliver double-digit profitability, posting single-digit Y-o-Y growth in Q1 versus 
last year. The format added 3 new stores to the network and now encompasses 44 stores. 
 
Now TMRW portfolio grew by 38% versus last year this quarter. This strong organic growth 
was fueled by an expanded product portfolio, enhanced focus on D2C channels and impactful 
brand-building initiatives. 
 
Portfolio brands accelerated their off-line expansion and exited the quarter with 25 stores across 
key markets nationwide. The current fundraise will position the brands well to continue to keep 
this high growth momentum and realize our ambition of building multiple large digital-first 
brands. 
 
In conclusion, this quarter's results underscore ABFRL's ability to achieve profitable growth 
marking the fourth consecutive quarter of year-on-year margin expansion. This reinforces our 
confidence that our emphasis on innovation, retail productivity and disciplined cost management 
has strengthened margins and maintained resilience even amid a cautious demand environment. 
 
Going forward, we'll continue to scale our core market-leading brands while accelerating 
momentum in our newer high potential segments. With the festive season arriving early, we are 
well positioned to capture demand through compelling product stories, enhanced retail 
experiences and a wider omni-channel presence. 
 
Our strategy remains clear, build on the strength of our brands, sustain profitable growth and 
create long-term value by staying ahead on evolving consumer preferences in the Indian fashion 
and lifestyle space. We are open to questions now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
Sir, 2 questions from me. Firstly, on the sort of very strong EBITDA trajectory for the ethnic 
business. So we've seen strong growth and now sort of EBITDA also improved. So can you give 
us some sense of how you see this trajectory evolve over the short term and then more 
importantly, over the medium term and where you feel steady-state EBITDA for this business 
should be? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
And then secondly, for the Pantaloons store closures, so there was a sort of a 2.7% store 
reduction, but I see that the area is actually flattish. So one, anything to read across in that? And 
secondly, would this represent sort of the -- would we still see further store reduction? Or do we 
think for now, we are very good in terms of store count and we could potentially see an increase 
down the line? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Thanks, Aditya, for those questions. On the ethnic portfolio, I would first say that there is 
consistent improvement across the portfolio of the brands, but we have a mix of brands, which 
are well-established, highly profitable brands, which are in the turnaround phase like TCNS and 
the brands, which are in buildup phase like Tasva. 
So the first part is most of these businesses benefit from wedding seasons, which are largely in 
the second half of the year. The cost base remains pretty static, but the revenue is significantly 
higher in the second half versus first half. So you will see a much sharper increase in profitability 
as we move towards the second half of the year. 
Having said that, the 3 constituents, which is designer brands, the turnaround business of TCNS 
and Tasva will all have different trajectory. I think designer brand portfolio is quite stable. I 
would argue in high 20s in post-Ind AS terms to some of them in high 30s is really where the 
steady-state margin will fit.  
The premium brand portfolio, which is Tasva is still scaling up. You can see the quarter 
performance 70-odd percent growth, 39% like-to-like. I think we'll continue to push it. 
Profitability is somewhat away as far as this business is concerned. 
 
We think FY '27 end is where we'll get to the breakeven in Tasva. TCNS has been showing 
strong improvement, but still while at the post-Ind AS level, it's turned positive, pre-Ind AS 
terms, it's still somewhat below the breakeven level. 
 
I'm very enthused by the turnaround trajectory in TCNS and the acceleration in Tasva, while the 
designer brands by themselves are already in good space. As a portfolio, therefore, Aditya, if 
you look at it ethnic wear business, which we at 0 presence till FY '20, we now have a business 
which was last year close to INR2,000 crores, growing this quarter at 2%.  
But I would say even going forward, one could imagine a 20% kind of growth rate. And as 
TCNS kicks in, perhaps that would be even stronger and a portfolio level of post-Ind AS 
EBITDA margins north of 20 percentage what we could look at as why this business is 
concerned. 
 
We are not there yet. There's also seasonality between first half and second half, but that's really 
where we think the ethnic business. So it's a very beautiful business shaping up extremely well, 
both in terms of size and profitability. 
 
On your second question on Pantaloons. We did a fairly deep network correction, if you have 
followed the business over last 15 to 18 months from a network of stores, which is north of 460, 
now we are talking closer to 400, and much of it has happened in the last 12 to 18 months.  

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
I think we've hit the bottom end in terms of store closures. You are going to start to see net store 
additions as we go forward. The new store in line with the strategy that Sangeeta had sort of laid 
down is about opening larger stores. 
 
So while the number of stores may be fewer, the size of the stores will be more like 20,000, 
25,000. If you see any of our new Pantaloons store, it's cleaner, bigger, more impactful and very 
modern and contemporary.  
Some visuals you can see in the presentation itself. And that's the direction for Pantaloons, which 
we've have been consistently following as a part of our re-pivot, which we started 2, 2.5 years 
back when we made the correction in distribution as well as the imagery of Pantaloons. 
Aditya Soman: 
No, I understand. Very clear. Just maybe one follow-up on Tasva. Obviously, growth here is 
very strong. But when we sort of look at -- when we say it's available across 70 stores, this 
includes sort of -- these are just stand-alone Tasva stores or these are also other. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Absolutely. No, no. This is absolutely. That is just stand-alone Tasva stores. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. So the LTL is just -- this 39% is on the stand-alone Tasva store versus stand-alone. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, about 50 of the 70 stores would be part of the LTL base. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Archana Menon from Morgan Stanley. 
Archana Menon: 
My questions are on Pantaloons. Firstly, on the marketing and brand building side, I mean, what 
is the spend currently as a percentage of revenue for Pantaloons? And how has that been in the 
past? Are we thinking of taking that up in this year and in the years to come? 
 
And the second question was on the retail identity. There's a mention of the new retail identity 
and some pictures. But just wanted to get a sense from you that of your total 400-odd stores, 
what percentage of stores would be, say, under the old retail identity, which maybe are not so 
happy let's say, maybe 5 years earlier. So what is that percentage? And how are you thinking of 
refurbishments and renovations going ahead? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Okay. So Archana, as far as Pantaloons marketing spends are concerned, they have been in the 
range of 1.5% to 2% historically. At its peak, maybe 2%, 2.5% at the low point, maybe 1%, 
1.5%. But typically 1.5% on an annualized basis. Of course, quarter-on-quarter, these numbers 
look very different. But on an annual basis, I think you could assume a 1.5% kind of base as the 
number that we have. 
 
We expect in a shorter term, which is next year or so, this percentage to marginally go up 
primarily because we feel we now have a new proposition. The Pantaloon stores, the product 
portfolio, the aesthetics, the design cycle, everything that now is represented in the new 
Pantaloons is a big shift from what we used to be. So every element of innovation aesthetics, 
retail display, the consumer experience has significantly moved. 
 
So towards the festive part, we may spend a little bit more for a short period of time. I don't think 
it will change the long-term sort of investment of 1.5%, 2% kind of range. It won't be any 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
different. But a short period of time, you might see in some quarters, some of the more targeted 
spends typically closer to the festive period. 
 
On the retail ID, it's been an evolving story. The latest retail identity that we are talking about is 
obviously, very, very new. But if I were to count the last one or the ones that we are very happy 
with, and it's modern and contemporary and in line with the current position, about 50% of our 
network is of the new identity that we are happy with. 
 
There is a task in the remaining 45%, 50%. We will take it slowly over a period of time. Not all 
these stores are based in big cities where it's required as those cities are experiencing better retail 
environments far more rapidly. So we'll pace the rollout of new retail identity and take it over a 
3, 4-year period. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. And just 2 follow-ups. First, if you could just help me with the city presence for 
Pantaloons now after all the store closures? And secondly, for TMRW, after the fundraise, what 
would your stake be right now? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
About 185 cities is where our presence is, 185 to 190. Is that what you're looking for? Or are 
you looking for any more granularity than that? 
Archana Menon: 
No sir, this is good, 185 and 190. And on TMRW on your stake currently? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
TMRW, it's early double-digit stake that ServiceNow Ventures has invested in for their INR437 
crores. It's 11-odd percent kind of stake. The exact details are probably in the filing, but that's a 
rough stake that they have. The remaining stake lies between ABFRL and a small part within 
that in the ESOP and employees. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. Just last question, sir, what would your current investment be in TMRW so far? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
TMRW, we have invested INR770 crores through equity investments in different forms over the 
last 3 years, 3 or 4 years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Jefferies. 
Kunal Shah: 
My question is also on TMRW. So with this capital raise, your cash burn in this business is not 
that high. What are the areas where this will be invested? Are there more acquisitions planned? 
Or off-line expansion? Or how would this capital be allocated under TMRW? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Kunal, two parts. One, capital raise process is still on. We expect to raise more capital in this 
round. The first announcement you've seen. But as I've always maintained in our previous calls, 
we are looking to raise close to or north of $100 million. Where would this be used? You're 
right. There is a part which will go towards the funding of the businesses since it's still not cash 
flow positive or EBITDA positive at this stage. 
 
So first part of it. Our focus currently is on growing what we have. We have a portfolio of very 
powerful brands. Some of them when we acquired were as low as INR10 crores a year and have 
grown from INR100 crores to INR200 crores a year. Some brands were INR200 crores have 
grown to INR300 crores. Some require acceleration, some requires more branding effort. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
But by and large, it's for acceleration of growth of this business is where the capital will grow. 
As you would have seen in our presentations, the EBO expansion because we want to truly build 
an omnichannel digital-first experience, but omni-channel for our brands, a brand such as 
Bewakoof, the Indian Garage Company, Nobero, etcetera, have started expanding offline. 
Wrogn had already had some presence. So there would be a part of capital that would go towards 
that capex. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And the second question is on TCNS. If I heard it correctly, you said after April, 
this business is moved to a double-digit like-for-like growth. Is that understanding correct? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. Yes. So this business, as you know, had been struggling to get organic growth for some 
time in the past. But in last 4 months, 4, 5 months, we've changed the trajectory. Only April was 
affected to some extent. And that was also partly due to shift of Eid.  
But if you leave that aside, every month is delivering good, strong high double-digit like-to-like 
growth. And that's a very assuring for us because a lot of changes have been done in 
merchandising, retail execution has been significantly revamped.  
The old inventory is out of the system. Poor stores are out of the system. So we are finding a 
very strong trajectory. And therefore, our thesis on investment in TCNS is looking much more 
surer and stronger now at this point versus any time in last 12 to 18 months. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And if I may get this data on what is the percentage of revenue that this -- or what 
is the percentage of revenue coming from retail, which this LTL growth captures, if I can have 
some understanding of that? And in the other parts, the other channels, are you looking to 
consolidate? Or has that already happened and is that is behind? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So it's north of 50%. I'll just figure out if there is a significant deviation, the retail share. Yes, it 
is about 50-odd percent. Department stores and e-commerce constitute the large part of the 
remaining business because the MBO business is very small. I think the business is now well 
positioned with everything that needed to be sorted out to even grow in department store channel, 
which had stagnated over a period of time in the last 1 or 2 years when we're fixing the product. 
 
I will see growth coming there also in the next couple of quarters as well as online business, 
although online business as an overall business is only about 15%. But I expect the share to rise 
as far as online is also concerned. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And any plans to expand the store network now again in the retail channel or that 
is still some time away? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Kunal, as we had mentioned, a part of our strategy was first to remove bad inventory, bad 
costs and bad stores, which we did in first 8 to 12 months. Then was to revitalize the merchandise 
as well as revitalize stores, which is what is executing, and we are very happy to see the kind of 
outcome that's delivering in terms of same-store performance. As we move towards second half 
and perhaps towards the later part of this year is when the expansion would start. The real impact 
of that you'll start to see only next year. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And in that case, pre-Ind AS profitability also should come next year probably on 
a full year basis? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life Insurance. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
Congratulations on this external fundraise for TMRW. So my question was on -- we have seen 
improvement in the profitability of TCNS. So when we should start seeing the addition of 
network in TCNS? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Gopal, thanks. As I was explaining to Kunal, we want to be sure that business is in good place, 
product is working, stores are working, the viability is strong. So in last 4, 5, 6 months, we have 
started to see the outcome of it, when the like-to-like first moved from negative to positive and 
now moved from positive to double-digit positive. This gives us a lot of confidence. Of course, 
store pipeline takes some time to build.  
So you'll start to see perhaps second half of this year, you might see 30 to 40 store addition. But 
next year onwards, if this trajectory continues, we're very confident that this improvement is 
quite structural and strong. We'll start expanding more rapidly next year or the -- we may start 
to do towards the second half of this year, but most of the benefit of that will probably come 
next year. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
Okay. And Pantaloons side also, we have seen consolidation of network. What is our plan there 
in terms of -- will there be a net network addition this year? Or we'll still continue to rise the 
sizes of the stores? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think in absolute number of stores, there may not be significant addition, but the network is 
improving both in quality and size, number of stores that we are opening between 20,000 to 
30,000 is where the focus of new Pantaloons is. A lot of our network of small stores is what we 
are looking to rationalize. 
 
This year, there may be only marginal increase in network, although the space increase will be 
material. But going forward, I think Pantaloons has bottomed out its stores that we wanted to 
close. And we expect next year onwards to start adding to the store network as well. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
Okay. And sir, on the TMRW side, losses in this quarter was a little higher versus what has been 
the run rate in last few quarters. With this fundraise and our focus shifting more on the offline 
stores, how should one see the profitability trajectory for this business? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So you're right, Gopal. I think the quarterly performance, while there on the revenue side was 
very strong with 38% organic growth. The losses have marginally gone up. In percentage terms, 
they were similar to last year, but in absolute terms, that has gone up. I think in second half of 
the year, we will see that trajectory also beginning to change. 
 
Fundraise will, of course, be put for also expanding offline business to get the balance between 
offline and online. Offline businesses, the benefit, Gopal, it brings is brands which are seen only 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
online, the credibility comes and the stature comes from offline presence. Offline business also 
allows us to typically increase the gross margins by higher price points, superior products, which 
sometimes get lost in online business. 
 
So we are finding almost 10 percentage difference between the gross margin that we deliver in 
offline business versus the online business. But still, the share of offline today is small as it 
improves, the shape of profitability will start to shift there. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
And sir, can I ask questions on ABLBL and this... 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We would probably, Gopal, not be able to address that in this call, but we will reach out to you 
separately for any question. Amit will connect with you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Shah from Bandhan AMC. 
Harsh Shah: 
So basically, Ashish, just like Tasva, like Style Up would be in the investment sale, I would 
believe, right? And while you kind of laid down your ambition for Style Up over a 5-year period, 
I would just want to know probably what would -- I mean, kind of guidance for the next couple 
of years, let's say, what would that be? And currently, at what revenue per square feet, let's say, 
the initial cohort of stores, right, it might be 10, 15, 20 stores. What revenue per square feet 
basically are they operating at currently? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think our projections for Style Up, we have mentioned our long-term plan. We currently 
have about 49 stores at this point of time. We look to add about 40 stores this year, which will 
increase the size of the business. And the productivity has been varying between -- if you look 
at sales per square feet per day, between 20 to 25 in some of the lower-performing stores to 35 
to 40 in some of the higher-performing stores depending on the location, the kind of market that 
it is. 
 
It needs to go up from there. But at current level of performance, the store network as a whole 
is profitable, which means the contribution at the store level is positive as for the entire store 
network of 49-50 stores. As we scale, get some leverage of scale, both on the gross margin as 
well as visibility of the brand, I think that's where the positive flywheel will start to set in. 
Harsh Shah: 
So there is -- basically at EBITDA level, there is no cash burn in this format as well. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
There is a cash burn at EBITDA level to cover the overhead cost of the operations. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. The format level, basically, it's EBITDA positive, but let's say, corporate level, it's still… 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. Retail store level is positive, but the corporate overheads are not covered. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. When -- let's say, where would the peak losses be basically in this business at EBITDA 
level? And when do you foresee at what level of scale? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
See, I think we'll discover it perhaps in next 18 to 24 months because if this rate continues, which 
means as we add more stores, the store losses are not there. And therefore, we have a higher 
leverage available to fix on fixed cost.  

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
But we also recognize that on the other side, as you scale the business, you'll have to also increase 
your team size, operations, so fixed overheads will also grow at this point of time. So maybe for 
next 2, 3 years, we will have some level of losses at this point of time because overheads, we 
may have to increase a little bit more ahead of actual expansion. 
 
And that's the period we'll go through. But I think both the size of the opportunity as well as the 
current performance gives us confidence that it's a fairly scalable business, and therefore, 
leveraging of overheads is something that we'll be able to achieve in maybe 3, 4 years. 
Harsh Shah: 
But is there a case where you see to kind of accelerate the store expansion because at current 
scale and looking at what the other players are expanding, probably 40 stores looks probably 
slightly on the lower side. Is there a possibility that given the confidence that you have in the 
store format and the store level profitability, this can go up to 60, 70 stores or something of that 
sort? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Very easily. And certainly, I think we just want to -- I think the only point I would make is that 
it's a very large opportunity and a market which provides a very long-term growth piece. We 
don't want to rush into it because this will be an opportunity not just today, but in FY '30 and FY 
'35 also. 
 
And therefore, we are equally focused on making sure that we get it right, continue to refine the 
proposition, improve the product, while simultaneously growing this year at 45, 50 stores but 
after that, between 75 to 100 stores is pretty much on card. 
Harsh Shah: 
Got it. And one on Sabyasachi, I mean, at least for this quarter has been fantastic. But if we look 
at the last couple of quarters, 2Q, 3Q, probably the growth rate has tapered off. So what really 
changed in this quarter, which led to such high growth? I mean if you could give some qualitative 
color on it would be helpful. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, I do think this growth rate last -- even the quarter before, which is quarter 4 was fairly stable, 
good growth rate, of course, not like 40%. See, remember, all wedding their businesses. Tasva 
had 72% growth, Sabyasachi, whatever, close to 40% growth, Tarun Tahiliani, all the businesses 
have also benefited from a low wedding base of last year. To that extent, this is not the organic 
growth number.  
This is a reflection of a lower base and which is, to some extent, is what is showing up in anybody 
who has the share of exposure to wedding-related purchases. I don't think, however, there is any 
absence of growth momentum in the brand. It's a very, very powerful brand. Obviously, it's a 
brand which you don't want to rush in and grow like we may want to grow with Tasva or Style 
Up to that extent. But the brand trajectory will continue to grow extremely well. 
Harsh Shah: 
And has that contribution of, let's say, jewellery in Sabyasachi increased meaningfully, let's say, 
on a Y-o-Y basis? Or I mean, let's say, in jewellery, apparel and accessories, that label what they 
have. So has the contribution been stable on a Y-o-Y basis? Or is it more like driven by apparel 
or some kind of... 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Jewellery is a category in which Sabyasachi brand's share has been growing consistently over a 
period of time. It's a very large category. And Sabyasachi brand as well as Sabyasachi himself 
is spending a lot of time in refining the proposition, taking it very high end because no Indian 
jeweller has reached the level of pricing sophistication that he has, not just in India but outside. 
But obviously, compared to the size of the market in jewellery, it's a small business. But as a 
part of his mix, it's a meaningful mix now and growing as a share of the overall portfolio. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And just one more, basically, on Tasva, what would be the store addition plan this 
year? And also, gross cash is INR2,000 crores, but what is the net cash currently with us as on 
30th June? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Tasva store addition plan is about 40 stores this year, plus/minus a few, but that's really the 
total store addition plan for this year. On the gross to net cash, there will be debt lying in TMRW 
and there's debt lying in stand-alone entity, and there is debt parts of the ethnic subsidiary. So 
Jagdish can... 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
See, Harsh, with us at a stand-alone level, I have cash of around INR1,900 crores and a 
borrowing, which is INR750 crores for -- this is long term, falling due in '29,'30. We have 
adequate cash for the future expansion plans. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
That remaining on TMRW, which also will get offset by the current fundraise. So that number 
will move significantly post this fundraise. And there is debt lying in some of the ethnic 
subsidiaries. 
Harsh Shah: 
But not meaningful, right? I mean, if you could quantify that, the debt in the ethnic subsidiaries? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
That's maybe another INR600 crores. I don't know. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Without TMRW? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Without TMRW, it is not more than INR200 crores. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. So about INR200-odd crores lying in subsidiaries. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
And TMRW, of course, we will again turn net positive because the debt currently will be offset 
by the equity raise that we're doing. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Jefferies. 
Kunal Shah: 
My follow-up is on this TMRW capital raise. So just wanted to understand this 11% dilution 
would imply, I think, valuation of around INR4,000 crores, right? So is there any performance 
benchmarks? Or is this valuation independent of all of those things given its based in a CCPS 
form? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
This is like a regular equity investment in form of CCPS. No, there's no -- sort of if you're seeing 
is there any strings attached to it? No. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And if you include the brand which is not consolidated, I think one of those, the 
total revenue would be around INR1,000 crores, right, for this business? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So last year, as we keep -- I think last year annualized revenue would have been close to about 
INR1,000 crores if you were to add Wrogn business to, which is where we currently have 
minority stakes. And it's growing at about 30%, 40%. So we expect the run rate to be closer to 
INR1,400 crores to INR1,500 crores by the end of this year. 
 
But at this point of time, without consolidation, our -- last year without consolidation, our 
revenue was INR650 crores, which did not include Wrogn revenue, which would have been 
another INR200-odd crores. So we would probably be about INR850 crores, INR900 crores last 
year revenue and if you were to consolidate Wrogn. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, my first question is with regards to the capex. What kind of capex are you looking for, for 
this year and the next couple of years? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think at this point of time, we have regular capex for most of the businesses and a one-time 
capex. The one-time capex, I would say, is what we are completing this year for Galeries 
Lafayette store, the store which is likely to open towards end of this year. So that's one-time 
capex. If you exclude that, I think the overall capex plan for other businesses put together will 
be in the range of about INR300-odd crores. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And if we add the Galeries Lafayette, it would be INR500 crores for this year and…? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. That's for this year. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is with regards to the losses that we are seeing in the TMRW 
business. Though that number has increased, but I think there -- I think the EBITDA also 
constitutes of the losses of Wrogn in that? Am I correct in my understanding? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. We cannot really share of our losses. We consolidate in losses, although we don't take it in 
revenue. So it is inclusive of that, yes. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. So that is also one of the reasons why the losses seems to be higher on Q-o-Q in that 
context? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, with regards to, again, TMRW, what would be the final game plan here? 
I mean though I understand that it will be in a high aggressive expansion mode and which you 
want to expand further. But when can we see at least post-Ind AS breakeven here in this format? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So TMRW, there's not too much of a difference between post and pre-Ind AS numbers. There is 
some. And as we increase the share of offline, perhaps that may grow over a period of time. As 
we have indicated in our investor presentation also, which we made beginning of this year. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
TMRW, we are looking at FY '29 as the year in which we will try to look at EBITDA breakeven. 
So that's the journey that you should be on. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. Okay. But given the performance in terms of the top line growth etcetera is encouraging, 
do you think that it could be sooner versus what you would have expected earlier than that? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, honestly, I don't see that. I don't -- I mean, we will be happy to get there. But at this point, I 
wouldn't want to indicate that. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. And sir, on Pantaloons, the Pantaloons bit, we are seeing that there is some losses because 
of the Style Up business plans as well. And I mean, ex of this and ex of the marketing spend, I 
believe you indicated that the profitability would have been higher. So once Style Up also starts 
to contribute profitably, what kind of margins then you expect in Pantaloons to deliver on a 
steady-state basis? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So if you were to stay with post-Ind AS and then we'll come to pre-Ind AS, I think Pantaloons 
itself is currently and consistently operated at about 18% plus EBITDA margin. Style Up is 
obviously taking away while it's marginally positive, but it's taking away. Therefore, the 
segmental results are close to 16%, 17%, depending on which quarter you are talking about. This 
quarter, it was 17%. Previous quarter, it was 15%. 
 
So I think that's the range in which the current profitability is operating. We don't think we have 
achieved right level of profitability in Pantaloons itself. And we think another 300 to 500 basis 
point improvement in profitability, whether you look at the pre-Ind AS or post-Ind AS is really 
what we need to deliver in Pantaloons. 
 
Style Up will start from a lower base. In pre-Ind AS terms, it will go through a loss phase, which 
is what it's going through. But the encouraging part is that loss will not grow rapidly with the 
network because the network itself is not losing money. And I think as we bring scale and create 
greater sort of brand visibility through supply by more stores, etcetera, we expect to improve 
that performance. But it will continue to remain loss-making for at least next 3 to 4 years, but 
not at a very high level of losses. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. But then you said that the original Pantaloons would see some 300 to 500 bps from that 
level and then we have to blend… 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: 
So firstly, on Pantaloons. It's been some time now that we've been hearing about the new identity 
that has been rolled out. I heard on the -- through this call that around 51% of stores are now on 
the new identity. So let's say, the top end of these stores, may be just spent around 2 years under 
this new identity.  
Any performance metrics you can share here, same-store sales growth, the revenues per square 
feet kind of metric that they are tracking? Are they on the right track? Are they -- is this strategy 
showing results? Anything that you can highlight on that front? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think I would say the answer to your question is very simple. If you look at Pantaloons as a 
business, it was FY '23, when we started the journey, it was operating at a margin of 14% to 
15%. As we speak today, you can look at last 6, last 8 quarters, we are operating at 18%. So is 
this strategy working? Yes. 
 
I don't want to get into specific store level slices. I don't have it at this point of time, but I can 
also reconfirm to you that the new stores, the better stores are performing better than the old 
stores, and that should be natural. But eventually, the outcome of it is showing up in that absolute 
store -- absolute numbers that we are talking about. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. But internally, do you slice it...? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We look at it, but we look at it every store level also because what happens, Sameer, sometimes 
the location, its potential, all that also matters in coming up with numbers. So sometimes 
averages miss out the bigger picture and 400 store is not too many stores. And we are looking at 
40, 50 stores that we're converting into new identity either through new store addition or through 
renovation. So it's a number which we very closely track. 
Sameer Gupta: 
So Ashish, see, the point I'm trying to make here is that margin improvement is great, but 
Pantaloons, if you look at it over a longer-term history, we have been able to improve margins 
and ROCE profile. The only problem area that I find is that there is no real history of same-store 
sales growth on a consistent basis. And with this new identity rollout, if that problem is still 
persisting, then it's a problematic area, right? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
See, I think for us, the more important thing is to figure out profitability. If we figure out 
profitability, right, I won't worry about other pieces. So the intermediate metrics don't define the 
end outcome. Does every retailer need same-store growth? Absolutely right, Sameer. Is 
Pantaloons delivering it? I think for quite some time, it's not managed to do that. However, it's 
a journey. And therefore, as you're seeing it, we'll hopefully start to get that sometimes where 
some are lead factors and some are lag factors. 
 
And we are beginning to see some of this starting to show up in our network. And the total 
number of same-store growth will take longer to show up as the share of these stores increase 
over a period of time as many of these stores are also -- remember, new retail identity are new 
stores. They will also increase their share as the number of such stores go up from current, let's 
say, 45% of network to 60% to 65% of network.  
But indeed, that's the Holy Grail. We're trying to chase, which is getting to the same-store growth 
and completely agree with you. That's something that Pantaloons has not delivered consistently 
for some time. 
Sameer Gupta: 
That's great to hear. Second is on Tasva. Now I understand you mentioned 40 store additions 
this year is what the target is. But if I look at more recent history, we've been very slow in terms 
of store expansion. We were at around 57, if I remember, by end of March last year. And right 
now, we are at 70. So is this a conscious strategy that we just look at the first 50, 55 stores as a 
pilot and be conservative in terms of store additions and then scale up, still trying to figure out 
store economics? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, I think we have gone past the stage of questioning the viability of figuring out the concept. 
If you see any of the Tasva stores now, you get a sense of fairly established concept. We 
obviously want to be careful. It's a category which has very high seasonality. The growth -- we 
are not opening 2,000 square feet stores.  
If you look at plus -- but for a few malls, most of the Tasva stores are fairly large stores in fairly 
well-established markets, which means large rentals in absolute terms, both by rentals and size. 
And therefore, we want to remain cautious. This is a market which is available for us over a long 
period of time. As we had mentioned, our goal was to get 200-odd stores over the next 3 years. 
 
Currently, 40 is perhaps not the right level. So we are currently likely to go closer to about 90 
stores by the end of this year. Hopefully, we'll be able to expand that a little bit faster, but don't 
want to do it in a hurry. It's not a value format, which you can scale up very easily. And by and 
large, you'll get enough customers at that price point in any locality. 
 
It's a bit of a destination shopping. It's important to get the right store, right location, right facade, 
and that's taking somewhat more time than what we would ideally like. But from the concept 
per se, the retail viability, there is no question around it. I think it's a format which is working 
very well. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. This is very, very helpful. Last question, if I may squeeze in, and it's related. So now 
Tasva, you mentioned it is a more measured strategy in terms of store expansion. Pantaloons, in 
any case, 15 stores around you're targeting. So there also, you are measured. Designer brands 
are anyway self-sufficient. TCNS is on the path to profitability.  
TMRW, you expect losses to come down from second half. And you are still sitting on a decent 
amount of net cash. So what was this need to raise capital in TMRW at this point? I understand 
there is a trajectory of losses that you foresee in the coming years. But at this juncture, why like 
did you get to this capital raise? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Sameer, I think if you look at absolute cash in the books and the businesses need cash, your 
question is absolutely valid. But I would also remind you that we have been fairly consistent 
about our philosophy of capital allocation and in various businesses. When we launched TMRW 
in 2021, we talked about that initially ABFRL will fund it, give it some level of investment, 
allow the business to come to a certain size, and we will get investors, external investors.  
And over the next 8, 10 years, build a company which can find a very digital native path to this 
industry, which is fashion industry and have its own public market journey as we go forward 
from private to public. And in line with that, we had stayed with stating -- even in the last 
fundraise, we had called out that the capital will not be used for TMRW because TMRW has its 
own access to capital and potential attractiveness for investors because of its high growth 
trajectory. And that's exactly what we've got played out. So this is pretty much what we said 4 
years back, 2 years back and 6 months back. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Agreed, Ashish. This is very, very consistent to what you have been saying. But isn't the message 
going then that you're not very confident of the scale up future of TMRW versus the other brands 
because there are other brands in the portfolio which are loss making as well. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No. But for TMRW, we created Sameer, as a separate company 5 years back, and we have 
consistently stayed with exactly what we said then now. And as I said, this is our strategy. When 
we play out our strategy, we will stay with what we have said.  
There's no reason to change it dramatically. So I don't understand where your question is coming 
from. When it was clearly stated in our capital allocation principles, which we laid out 6 months 
back, which we laid out 4 years back also. And this has been our strategy. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jignanshu from Bernstein. 
Jignanshu: 
Ashish, I know we discussed a lot about Pantaloons. I just wanted to get clarity on one thing. 
This new rebranding exercise that you want to do. And probably, in general, our "turnaround 
approach" for improving the same-store sales growth at Pantaloons to recover our rentals, 
etcetera.  
What are we changing with this new identity? Like what are we solving for? Is it more premium 
experience and hence, better margins? Is it a larger variety? Is it just a look and feel to 
differentiate it or modernize it? I think that would be helpful to understand. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Okay. Jignanshu, first, I would say that while we are calling -- you're calling it new retail identity. 
This is -- there's no rebranding. It's the same Pantaloons brand being prepared as times change, 
the retail experience gains, the landscape is changing. International brands are creating more 
aspirational retail environment. 
 
New retailers are coming. So this is in keeping with the times. This is something that retailers 
around the world do when the markets are evolving. In Western mature markets where the 
maturity has already been reached, this happens once in 7, 8, 10 years. But in a country like 
India, which is still evolving, consumers experiencing differential levels of retail experience, 
you have to constantly evolve. So this is not something that we're doing a onetime exercise. 
 
We have been actually improving retail experience in line with what we felt was the current state 
at that point of time over the last 5 or 7 years, the shift is more significant here. But coming to a 
more substantive part of your question, the whole idea is this.  
If you look at the bottom of the pyramid in value retail, there is a fairly large number of 
competitors who are actually crowding that space, more are coming, selling clothes between 
INR300 to INR1,000, whether it's large number of online players or multiple offline players. 
Pantaloons over a period of time has delivered for Indian middle class, a good quality, reliable 
and reasonable fashion for its customers over a period of time. 
 
As the definition of good quality changes because a lot of product becomes available at lower 
price points, Pantaloons need to upgrade and justify and attract that customer to upgrade from 
cheaper products, lesser quality products to better, more reliable products because the brands are 
still further up and they are far more expensive. So this is what we are trying to do.  
In the journey, therefore, what happens? Your customer profile, which is wanting to get out of 
cheap products and looking for better quality, either in fashion or durability or any other 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
functional property starts to look at better options and Pantaloons is well placed for that. It's a 
familiar brand and it offers that. 
 
In financial and economic terms, it obviously increased average bill size. It increases the gross 
margin because you're able to offer better product at slightly better price. And so -- and also the 
other benefits in terms of cleaner display, customer convenience and lower stock density and 
therefore, better inventory turns, lower markdowns, all of which actually both financially and 
for customers, create value. So that's a journey for us, and that's been the consistent path on 
which have been following. 
Jignanshu: 
Okay. One quick follow-up. What is the interplay between the ethnic wear of Pantaloons and 
our TCNS products? So do we think of that as complementary as competitors to each other? And 
do we sell TCNS products inside Pantaloons or do we plan to? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
The TCNS has been selling inside Pantaloons for 20-plus years. It's India's -- W, for example, is 
India's most successful, the largest ethnic wear brand for a long period of time, and Pantaloons 
has had share of external brands all the time. TCNS continues to be a part of it.  
If you look at Pantaloon's own business, close to 18%, 20% comes from ethnic wear. Of this, a 
significant part comes from Pantaloons private labels, but there is a part which comes from 
external brands and W is the number 1 external brand in Pantaloons. 
 
But not -- it's not linked to our acquisition. It was so even before we invested in TCNS. I think 
there is nice complementarity about it. It enhances our understanding of the premium ethnic 
wear. Over a period of time, I think this will create interesting further possibilities for the 
company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management, we thank all 
participants for joining us. In case of any further queries, you may please get in touch with Mr. 
Amit Dwivedi. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Thank you. 
