 
August 8, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
Listing/Compliance Department 
BSE LTD. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
BSE CODE : 524208  
To, 
Listing/Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol : AARTIIND 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript 
of 
Q1 
FY26 
Earnings 
Conference Call 
Ref.:  Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(LODR) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Q1 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
held on August 1, 2025 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
RAJ SARRAF 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
ICSI M. NO. A15526 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF
Digitally signed by 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF 
Date: 2025.08.08 
09:53:34 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Aarti Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 01, 2025 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aarti Industries Q1 FY ‘26 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on Aarti 
Industries Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we are joined by senior members of the management team including Mr. 
Suyog Kotecha – Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Chetan 
Gandhi – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will commence the call with Opening Remarks from Mr. Kotecha followed by a 
Question-and-Answer Session where the management will address participants' 
queries. 
Just to share a standard disclaimer: Certain statements that may be made in 
today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this 
effect has been included in the results presentation that has been shared earlier 
and also uploaded on stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Kotecha to Share his Perspectives. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
We appreciate your continued interest in Aarti Industries as we discuss the 
performance for the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2026. As you may all know, this 
quarter commenced with several external headwinds – both geopolitical and 
market-driven; however, our strategy and operational discipline have helped us 
remain agile and forward-focused. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Let me start with a brief overview of the broader macro environment that shaped 
the quarter. 
Q1 was one of the more complex quarters we have navigated in recent times. A 
steep correction in key input prices – particularly benzene and aniline, which 
declined by about 15-20% – led to pricing volatility and inventory adjustments 
across the value chain.  
Global trade dynamics also lacked stability. The initial tariff announcements by the 
United States created uncertainty among customers. The tariff landscape 
continues to remain unpredictable, compounding the already challenging global 
trade dynamics and leading to sustained pressure on product pricing and 
profitability. The new US announcement of a 25% tariff on Indian imports, along 
with an unspecified "penalty" has created even more market uncertainty. We are 
currently assessing the potential impact of these measures on our products in the 
US market. The Israel–Iran conflict in May/ June 2025 sent ripple effects through 
global logistics, temporarily impacting the regional supply chains and shipping 
schedules, especially affecting export flows. Consequently, some of our shipments 
experienced delays and rerouting, spilling over into Q2. 
Domestically, the India–Pakistan tensions in April-May 2025 briefly impacted our 
operations at our Kutch facility. Blackout periods led to intermittent productions, 
curtailing our capacity utilisation. In parallel, the Kandla Port, one of our critical 
export routes, faced temporary shutdowns and subsequent congestion due to this 
conflict, which further strained outbound volumes. 
Despite these challenges, the underlying demand conditions remained stable. Our 
business continues to demonstrate strength rooted in product diversification, multi-
process expertise, and long-term thinking. Our resilient operations enable us to 
navigate through regional and segment-specific disruptions. Diversified exposure 
across energy applications, agrochemicals, dyes and pigments, and polymer 
additives provides support to the business. 
As you may be aware, we had undertaken major capacity enhancements in the last 
financial year we scaled up our capacities for Nitrotoluene, from 30 to 45 KTPA and 
Ethylation, from 10 to 30 KTPA. These facilities are now in the ramp-up phase and 
positioned to meet the rising demand in the end applications. Further, during last 
quarter, we have scaled up our MMA capacity from 200 KTPA to about 260 KTPA 
and have more room to expand further with limited capex. We have also taken 
various initiatives linked to inventory and cost optimisation in line with the plan 
shared earlier.  
Now, let me walk you through our financial performance for the quarter: 
● 
Revenue stood at Rs. 1,867 crore, a decline of 16% QoQ. While volumes 
largely remained intact, we faced pricing pressures due to raw material 
corrections, inventory adjustments and deferred export realisations 
● 
EBITDA came in at Rs. 215 crore, reflecting a decline of 19% QoQ, impacted 
by inventory valuation losses to the tune of Rs. 30 crore, temporary production 
issues due to India-Pak conflict, export deferment due to global geopolitics and 
margin pressures on few value chains arising on account of lower demand 
● 
As a result, Profit After Tax was Rs. 43 crore, while interest and depreciation 
costs remained largely in line with the expectations 
● 
Capex for the quarter was at about Rs. 280 crore and is expected to be below 
Rs. 1,000 crore for the year FY26, as guided earlier. Our Zone IV projects are 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
progressing well and expected to commercialise in a phased manner from H2 
FY26. These projects will add a host of newer products with better margin 
profile and support the margin improvement over the long term 
While the reported numbers reflect a soft quarter, the underlying health of the 
business remains robust. We are confident of a strong recovery in the ensuing 
quarters, driven by ongoing demand revival. 
Coming to key application highlights: 
Energy Applications: In Q1, volumes in the energy segment remained flattish 
quarter-on-quarter, due to plant disruptions on account of Indo-Pak conflict and 
also shutdowns taken for the expansion purposes. Continued efforts to increase 
the customer base and geographic reach will support the faster ramp up of these 
expanded capacities. While demand for MMA remained strong, pricing was under 
pressure due to competition and decreasing RM prices. However, AIL’s ability to 
manage large volumes and first mover advantage will support AIL in continuing to 
maintain higher market share. Further improving crack spreads are expected to 
support the business in the coming quarters. So summarising, our focus remains 
on driving volumes for optimal capacity utilisation and maintaining market 
leadership.  
                                     Non-Energy Applications: The agrochemical intermediates segment continues to 
experience 
pricing 
pressure, 
while 
dyes, 
pigments, 
printing 
inks 
and 
pharmaceutical applications remain stable. The Polymers and additives segment 
shows a mixed performance across different product value chains. DCB had shown 
certain pressure on the demand versus the other part of the polymer additive 
segment actually showed very good demand recovery. 
With the recent development on the US tariffs front, we see potential impact on our 
US businesses which accounts for about 15-20% of our revenues. We are closely 
monitoring the situation as it evolves to ascertain the impact on our business and 
potential mitigation measures to minimise the same.  
Moving to Strategic Updates:  
Augene Chemical Pvt Ltd (JV with UPL): Project execution is progressing well, with 
commissioning expected in H1 CY26, and market development activities have 
been initiated to establish our presence 
Re Aarti Pvt Ltd (Investment through Aarti Circularity Ltd.): The project has 
achieved a key milestone with the completion of technology selection. Pre-
processing design and capex finalization are currently in progress. We expect 
commercial operations to start in early FY27. 
To conclude, Q1 was shaped by external headwinds and temporary disruptions. 
These issues had a bearing on financial performance, but we view them as short-
term in nature. Demand conditions remain intact, capacities are scaling up, and our 
core portfolio continues to expand its reach and relevance.  
Our future performance will be steered by key strategic pillars: 
● 
Successful foray in high-value and advanced chemistries, with commissioning 
targeted in a phased manner from H2 FY26 at Zone IV. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
● 
Focus on Advancement and long term partnership, leveraging our robust 
manufacturing infrastructure and R&D expertise  
● 
Driving growth through new initiatives, particularly in circularity and other 
emerging sunrise sectors 
That concludes my initial remarks. I now invite the moderator to open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will 
take our first question from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the presentation. The first question was you had 
given us to understand that the strength in the gasoline margin, naphtha margins 
would be a good indicator for your own MMA margins and obviously, for this 
quarter, the spreads were quite strong compared to the last quarter. So, would it be 
fair to say that if it was not for these various disruptions that you faced, the 
performance from the MMA business would have been a lot more better? I just 
wanted to get a bit more clarification on that.  
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think the answer is yes. And I think to answer it simply, Vivek, maybe we should 
look at our July export numbers of MMA, which are now, I guess, available in public 
domain. Roughly, I think we have clocked somewhere in the range of 20,000-
22,000 tons of MMA exports in the month of July, which was a combination of 
deferred shipments from June due to geopolitics issues and then further additional 
orders during the month of July. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure, sir. And just the other question is with respect to the expansion that you have 
mentioned, I think before this, there was another expansion as well, which you had 
completed in the previous quarter if I am not mistaken, and now there is one more 
meaningful expansion. I just wanted to get your thoughts with respect to what is the 
kind of potential that you are seeing for this product, as well as the competitive 
landscape, if you are feeling confident to continue this expansionary process on 
this product?  
Suyog Kotecha: 
Look, I think we have maintained this stance over the last few quarters. I think it is 
an important product. We fundamentally feel very confident about the product’s 
performance potential, which is now validated by several global customers. We 
have a market leadership position globally in this product, and we would like to 
continue to maintain that. And we have the least cost position as far as our internal 
benchmarking exercise goes with respect to competition.  
Now, if you look at a broader strategy point of view, we obviously started increasing 
our customer base, diversifying our geographic reach, I remember talking about it 
almost one year back in my first investor call, and I think we have progressed quite 
significantly on that dimension. One of the aspects of that was where we built US 
as a strategic market for this product, and we really scaled it up very significantly 
over the course of the last six, nine months. The latest tariff announcement do put 
some pressure on that strategy. So, we have to now obviously figure out a 
mitigation measure, at the same time, develop additional new markets, which we 
will continue to do. So, given the fundamental performance of the product is still 
very robust in the downstream end application, we are very confident of finding 
new markets.  

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
So, from a volume point of view, we remain confident, and that is what leads to our 
conviction on expanding capacity, which is at now roughly 260 KTPA level. We can 
further go up with a minor CAPEX that provisioning has already been done as we 
expanded the latest debottlenecking effort that we did in the last quarter.  
Coming to margins, I think, yes, we are dependent on aniline, which is one of the 
key raw materials on imports, and which means that we have to, at any given point 
in time, keep one and a half months to two months of inventory given there are so 
many supply chain disturbances globally that keep happening. Also from a 
production security point of view, we do need to keep these one and a half months 
to two months of aniline as an inventory stock, which means we carry pricing risk 
on that particular stock. But that is a strategic call that we have taken.  
And the last aspect is competition. There is emergence of some domestic 
competition. I think Chinese competition has been around for quite a while. And in 
that context, we have taken certain strategic calls from a pricing point of view to 
ensure that we maintain our global leadership positions in all of the global major 
accounts. That is sort of broadly the sum and substance of the strategy around that 
product. Overall, I remain pretty confident about the market potential. Yes, I think 
the tariffs and the geopolitics sometimes do create some of the speed bumps. But 
we have to be agile enough to sort of revise our strategy to go back to achieve the 
true potential for this product. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much for the explanation. I will rejoin the queue. All the 
very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equity. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Hi. Good morning, team and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on 
DCB. So, DCB volumes have declined both year-on-year and sequentially. Is this 
purely cyclical or is there a structural shift in the downstream demand? And when 
do you expect normalization to happen? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you, Nitesh, for that question. Yes, DCB, I think it was potentially one of the 
weakest quarters and it was driven by significantly lower demand from our US 
customers, where they convert this into advanced polymer, which ultimately gets 
utilized in automotive applications. This combination of our customers going 
through inventory liquidation, at the same time, uncertainty around automotive 
demand profiles within the US market itself. The combination of the two, our DCB 
exports to US were significantly lower, even if you take YoY or QoQ comparison. 
But given we have sort of annual contracts secured with some of the major 
customers, we are confident of recovering these volumes in the second half. So, as 
soon as the demand stabilizes and the inventory correction phase gets over for two 
of our strategic customers in the US, in the second half, we should see significantly 
better volumes compared to the first quarter. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Right, sir. So, next question is on the Zone-IV and the MPP timeline. So, basically, 
you have guided for phased commissioning from the second half. So, can you just 
share some more granular details in terms of customer tie-ups and expected 
EBITDA contributions that are coming for FY27? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, as you rightly mentioned, we are going by phase-wise commissioning. In the 
first phase, the multipurpose plant and a calcium chloride unit, we are expected to 
commission by the end of this year. So, around December of this calendar year is 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
when the first phase-I will go live from a commissioning point of view. Both of these 
units, along with associated utility, infrastructure, ETP, are at advanced stages of 
mechanical completion and handover. So, that is what will go live within this 
calendar year. The remaining blocks, there are five additional blocks, they will go 
through phase-wise commissioning from Jan to May next year, kind of a timeframe. 
And then, of course, post-commissioning, there is a sort of ramp-up and 
stabilization, and then ultimately a scale-up kind of a phase.  
From a profitability point of view, I think we have given the overall number that we 
expect from all of this Zone-IV investment in our three-year guidance. We continue 
to stick to that. That is pretty realistic and achievable. The full potential of it, I think, 
will come in one and a half years down the line. But the multipurpose plant and 
calcium chloride unit at least should start contributing from the next calendar year 
itself. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
All right. Just one last question before I join the queue. So, given the sharp drop in 
EBITDA this quarter and the volatility quarter-after-quarter, especially, sorry to say, 
but almost every macro event does impact us negatively. Can we also have an 
annual EBITDA guidance along with our three-year guidance of Rs.1,800 crore? I 
mean, if you could just share some outlook for FY26?  
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, as a management, we have taken a call to a three-year guidance, and we stick 
to that. And I think we remain committed, at the same time confident on that three-
year guidance outlook. I think yearly guidance is a practice from which we are 
moving away. And we actually feel it is prudent given there are so many 
uncertainties going around in the market right now, both from trade barriers as well 
as from a geopolitics standpoint, we would like to continue to maintain the same 
practice. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
All right, sir. Thank you so much. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Hi. Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for the opportunity. First question on these 
logistical challenges that we faced. Could you quantify what would be the extent of, 
let us say, our sales for an EBITDA deferment that we saw during the quarter, 
which we are expecting to recoup in July and onwards? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, Archit, I think a broad estimate would be roughly anywhere in the range of 
Rs.15 to 20 crore of EBITDA and I guess you will see that in the sort of export 
volumes for the month of July. 
Archit Joshi: 
Got it, sir. Sir, the second question is a little more nuanced and is on the MPP and 
Zone-IV plants. You did mention that you are planning to start up the Phase-I from 
December '25, but any layout that you could share with regards to what kind of 
products, platforms, chemistries that you are planning to incorporate in both Zone-
IV and the one that you are starting in December, the MPP, any broad 
understanding on that if you can? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, the overall, if you look at the product portfolio, the original design of the Zone-
IV was done for chlorotoluenes and dichlorotoluenes downstream in phases. We 
added the entire dichlorotoluene and the downstream product portfolio also to the 
same design to make it a bit fungible. So, that is the significant chunk of the 
product portfolio. But at the same time, there are almost 15 to 20 new products, 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
which are downstreams of some of our existing product portfolio, which can also be 
made in the same set of blocks, combination of Zone-IV and the multipurpose 
plants. So, at any given point in time, there are roughly 35 to 40 products that we 
can manufacture as a combination of Zone-IV and multipurpose plant. And the 
logic is to pick and choose the products where we feel we can maximize the 
contribution, and they are in line with our long-term strategy from a value chain 
integration standpoint.  
Specifically, talking about phase-1 for MPP, at any given point in time sort of we 
have a kind of list of 10-odd products from which we prioritize four to five products 
that we want to take in the first phase of MPP commissioning. And that decision is 
typically driven by the demand pull and the profitability potential of this product. 
And they will keep evolving every three to six months. So, it is difficult to answer 
your question in terms of specific products, because by nature, it is multipurpose, 
and we want to use it as a multipurpose plant to maximize contribution. 
Archit Joshi: 
Understood, sir. I was actually trying to understand how margin-accretive would it 
be, which is why I asked you. Also, alluding to a comment that you had made in the 
annual report, would this be true for the multipurpose plant or the Zone-IV 
expansion we are doing, to enter newer spaces like defense, electronics and 
advanced polymers? I think it is a comment that I catch from an annual report. So, 
if you can elaborate a bit on the sunrise sectors that you have spoken of and how 
margin accretive these products could be, that would be my last question? Thank 
you. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. So, they would definitely be margin-accretive. We are talking about historical 
five years back if you look at what was the AIL’s margin profile, we are targeting to 
go back to those kind of margin levels with these new products coming in. So, 20% 
plus EBITDA kind of margin profile for most of these products. In terms of end 
segments, there is wide variety, including advanced polymers, agrochemicals, 
pharmaceuticals. I think these three remain right now the largest target end market 
applications for Zone-IV and MPP. Some of the defense and electronics might 
require very specific investments because the quality specifications and the nature 
of the assets that you require to serve these end markets look slightly different and 
will require sort of specific tailor-made assets. For that, we have a separate effort 
ongoing. But from an existing MPP point of view, if you start plotting end market 
profile based on the current products which are shortlisted, I think it is more 
towards 
advanced 
polymers, 
advanced 
materials, 
pharmaceuticals 
and 
agrochemicals. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Helpful. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Surya Patra from 
PhillipCapital India. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Thanks for this opportunity. Sir, first, the clarification I wanted. You just mentioned 
about the impact of around Rs.50-odd crore. That is at the EBITDA level or it is the 
kind of revenue impact that you have witnessed in this quarter? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
EBITDA level. It was Rs.50 – it was Rs.15 to 20 crore from a delayed shipments 
point of view and Rs.30-odd crore from inventory point of view. 
Surya Patra: 
My second point was that about the capacity expansion that we are on. See, in the 
recent times, what we observed was that capacity additions without any customer 
backing was not really helpful. So, since we have been there in the CAPEX mode 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
for some time and we have also recently added capacities like MEA and all that, 
has not been really helpful given the demand situation. So, the upcoming CAPEX, 
let us say the multipurpose plant or the Zone-IV, other capacities, are any of those 
are backed by any contract? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, of course, Surya, we continue to do this evaluation in terms of which product 
we want to manufacture and in that context, the capital allocation decision is made 
wherever there is a demand pull. I think maybe a bit longer answer to your 
question. I think overall from a capital allocation point of view, we have become 
quite stringent in the last one year timeframe. Many of the capex that you see 
which are completed or which are getting completed right now, I think construction 
of these assets started practically two, two and a half years back. So, these are 
committed capex. And to some extent, they were kind of half done in the last one 
year where we changed our capital allocation strategy in terms of stringent criteria 
to decide on the investment profiles. And that is why we are on a taper-down mode 
when it comes to overall capex. I think last year, somewhere around Rs.1,300-
1,400 of capex, this year, Rs.1,000 crore and next year, the number will drop 
dramatically.  
So, we are mindful of the global demand/supply balances and where should we 
allocate incremental capital going forward. At the same time, the projects which we 
have taken on, I think we are going through them while optimizing the design and 
the portfolio of those capex to ensure that we get best returns out of it. That is the 
sort of sum and summary of the overall capex strategy. The latest capex 
expansions that we are announcing, for example, MMA 200 to 260, these are done 
very thoughtfully with very limited capex to ensure that return on that investment is 
significantly better. And wherever there is a significantly higher capex involved, I 
think they will go through a very regressive valuation from both demand/supply 
dynamic point of view as well as from a return calculation standpoint. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. Second point was about the quarter-specific impact what we have seen. See, 
most of those are external factors I believe, let us say, a war issue or it is the kind 
of a raw material price crash impacting the inventory or trade deferrals because of 
the tariff-related aspect. But if you can add your thought process about the pricing 
angle to it, how should we see a pricing aspect for the raw materials going ahead 
and hence impact to the overall profitability, and also the pricing scenario for the 
product basket? And ultimately, what changes that we are anticipating in the 
product mix going ahead in the second half? So, hence, these three things are 
likely to have some implication on profitability. So, if you can address that, sir? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, yes, it is a bit of a longish question, but three aspects. One, in raw material, we 
have been in falling price environment, not only in last quarter, but I would say, in 
fact, the last five or six quarters. So, if you plot raw material trends for the last five, 
six quarters, aniline has practically come down from $1600 per ton to $1,000 per 
ton. Benzene, which used to be as high as Rs.85-86, it has come down to Rs.58-
59 kind of level. So, we have been in falling price environment for a very long time. 
But at least current judgment of the management is we have practically bottomed 
out in terms of key raw material pricing. We are not seeing further room for raw 
material to go down. So, it has stabilized at that level at least for last one and a half 
to two months. There is some minor uptick as well in some of the raw materials. 
And in that context, the only thing we can do is to ensure that we are most 
optimized on inventory and we are able to pass on the pricing volatilities as soon 
as possible to the market. It is not always possible because there is always some 
lag, but that is the best thing we are doing at this point in time.  

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
I think when it comes to product mix, there are two types of assets that we have. 
We have like certain dedicated chemistry plants and then we have certain assets 
where we can do multiple products of similar chemistries in the same asset, likes of 
chloroanilines, for example, or different hydrogenation-based products, different 
nitration-based products. So, we are optimizing our products. For the second 
category, I think we continue to optimize our product portfolio depending on the 
demand pull and the margin profile available. And that exercise is continuous. So, if 
you look at our ammonolysis product footprint what it was one quarter back versus 
what it will be in the next two quarters or if you look at chloroanilines what it was 
two, three quarters back versus what it will be for the next two, three quarters, they 
will look different in terms of exact products produced and sold both in domestic 
and export market, again, linked to demand and margin profile. However, there is a 
decent chunk of our asset which is dedicated chemistry. So, if you look at our 
assets portfolio, if you look at our NCB portfolio, DCB portfolio, PDA portfolio, 
where the focus remains to ensure that we have the leadership position, we have 
the lowest possible cost, and we retain the global market share, or in some cases 
even gain market share. So, I think different strategies for different assets, but that 
is how we are playing it right now. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. So, just one simple question now, sir. What is the export number for this 
quarter? This is for Chetan sir and also, if you can give some clarity, how has been 
the domestic performance in the difficult time of this quarter? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Just give me a moment. The exports for the quarter was roughly around Rs.950 
crore. 
Surya Patra: 
And the domestic performance, if you can just comment, how is it doing? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, I think, frankly, Surya, the overall trend is not that different when it comes to 
domestic and export. I think the falling raw material price environment does impact 
both domestic as well as export markets. Of course, the supply chain disruptions 
that were caused in the month of June, those mostly impacted sort of the export 
portfolio quite significantly. While there, I think the domestic market continued to do 
well during the month. We also had certain operational challenges in the month of 
June, especially in our NCB assets, for example, or in some of the chloroaniline-
related assets. So, that had some impact on the domestic market. But broadly, at 
an overall level, I think from a falling raw material price environment point of view, 
both got impacted to somewhat similar levels. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Sure, sir. Yes. Thanks for the answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, Good morning and thank you so much. Suyog, if you could please just help us 
understand a little bit more about the possible impacts of these new tariffs from the 
US on your business? I know you mentioned 15%-20% of the business comes 
from there. So, which specific products are we using primarily, MMA and PDA or 
any others also? And also, how do you see the puts and takes playing out here? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, look, I think it is early, but I will give anyway the perspective because we have 
been evaluating this now for the last quite a few months. So, different products 
have different nature of impact. Let me start with the positives first, right? I think on 
the phenylenediamine chain, if we continue to see differential tariffs between India 
and China, then that helps us. That is visible in sort of significant volume recovery 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
in Q1. We do not know where the tariffs are going to settle with India versus China. 
But if there is a differential tariff, then it will support that particular value chain from 
a demand recovery point of view.  
Second, there are a decent number of products where we have good exports to 
US, which are part of “Annexure to Exemption List.” So, there are key 
agrochemical intermediates that we export to US or even some of the decent 
volume products like DMS, ONA. All of these are part of exemption list and in that 
context, there is no as such visible impact, either positive or negative from a US 
tariff perspective. Two more value chains. DCB is where we typically end up 
competing with European competition. And in that context, it looks like right now 
there would be a preferential tariff towards Europe compared to India based on the 
current announcements. In that context, we will face increased competition on the 
DCB portfolio that is exported to US. But still, given our cost competitiveness, we 
are targeting to retain the market share, maybe at the slight expense of margins. 
But that is where we expect some headwind given the differential tariffs between 
Europe and India.  
And the last one is MMA of course, is sort of a very large market that we developed 
in the US in the last six to nine months and frankly, there, it is less about 
competition. It is more about affordability to the end customer and the 25% tariff on 
that will impact the affordability for the end customer. We are in process to 
understand what actions we can take to mitigate the same. We will have better 
clarity on it in the coming two to three weeks. But in addition to that, we also 
continue to focus on expanding the global markets for that product, including 
European region, where we are putting significant efforts as we speak. But that is 
broadly our current understanding of potential impact of US tariffs on our product 
portfolio. I do want to caveat it. It is very early. We are still studying the new 
regulations which just got published yesterday, late at night, in terms of the 
exemption list, in terms of relatively geographic comparison of different tariff lines 
and different exemptions. And also, we frankly also do not know where it will settle, 
right? We are expecting this is just the start, but there could be further rounds in 
terms of where it actually settles. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. I appreciate the colour. And just one other thing on the financials. So, 
one is there is a significant foreign exchange gain this quarter of about Rs.16 crore. 
So, why exactly did that come about? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Okay. So, this is more of a regrouping. It was earlier part of export revenue, but this 
is the recent clarification and other advisory stuff which is coming. We just 
regrouped it separately. So, in all the historic numbers, it was part of revenue only. 
It is more of the currency fluctuation on the export revenue which is there. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. So, this is the reason why there is some deviation in the expense line items 
compared to what were reported in previous quarters, right? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
It was part of revenue. So, yes, this is a new requirement on the disclosures, so we 
started showing it separately. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, and just one last thing from me. The working capital seems to have 
increased a little bit if I look at the ratios at the back, and the debt has also 
increased, but the finance cost is down sequentially. So, if you could please just 
help us understand that? 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Chetan Gandhi: 
So, the working capital has gone for two reasons. One is, as you know, there are a 
couple of shipments which had to go in June, those got postponed to July. So, the 
inventory got locked up at the port and at the plant. So, that was one component. 
Also, some customer receivable got delayed by a week or 10 days, which is where 
you have seen a temporary uptick in the working capital and so on the debt level. 
The finance cost reduction is; structurally we have been witnessing a bit of a softer 
rate regime and we expect the softer rates to continue. So, it is a result of that. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Great. On the tax rate, do you still maintain your expectation for mid-single digit this 
year or could it be lower? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
It could be a bit lower than mid-single digit. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Aditya Khetan from 
SMIFS Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Yes, thank you, sir, for the opportunity. My first question is, when we add back the 
one-off items like the inventory loss of Rs.30 crore and Rs.20 crore of the 
deferment volume, still sir, the number looks muted, when compared on a quarter-
on-quarter basis; it has been relatively flat. So, it looks like, there is good pressure 
on the demand side. And also you alluded to the fact that the volumes have been 
lower in DCB and in NCB. How do you see the coming quarters, will they optically 
look higher compared to this, and are we on track to achieve a 20%-25% EBITDA 
growth, to achieve that guidance of Rs.1,800 crore, 20-25%, so CAGR growth 
should be insight, how does that look, sir? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, look, the growth levers are very clear and those growth levers are getting 
implemented, which is the ultimate aim of achieving that Rs.1,800-odd crore. And 
as we deploy that, what we feel confident of is executing on all of these actions. 
There are of course certain detours that you have to take depending on how the 
market evolves, right? I think, for example, we did scale up US business of MMA 
quite significantly and it was expected to contribute quite significantly over the 
course of the full year or for the course of the next nine months. Now we are 
altering that plan, right? And we are figuring out alternate way of scaling up that 
volume in case there is some impact from a US tariffs point of view. So, overall, if 
you look at the strategy, fundamentally the product portfolio, the strategy around 
cost optimization, ensuring operating leverage from the existing asset to maximize 
the volumes, I think that is not changing. I think the entire Zone-IV 
commercialization along with MPP and some of the JVs, that is not changing. So, 
from an activity we are doing on the ground, there is practically no change. But yes, 
the strategy around product placement and market mix needs to evolve. The fact is 
the frequency with which geopolitical events have been happening and the supply 
chain disruptions that have been coming, has definitely been higher in the last five, 
six months’ timeframe, which puts additional onus on the management team to 
remain agile so that we reflect and respond to those disruptions and that is what 
we are doing right now. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, on the lower volumes in DCB and NCB, you mentioned that it is because 
of the lower export into the US market, and also with the tariff uncertainty ahead. 
Do you expect that these numbers will materially not improve from the current 
levels? 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, different answer for these two chains. DCB is export dependent. NCB is mostly 
99% domestic market. So, DCB, yes, I think there are large customers in US. And 
as I said, we end up competing with European competition for that share. Ideally, at 
least till 24, 48 hours back, I think the clients were pretty confident of recovering 
and increasing volumes in the second half and we will have conversations with 
them to ensure how to mitigate the tariff impact. But, in general, the expectation 
was for the second half to be better than the first half.  
On NCB, which is purely for the domestic market, I think it was a combination of 
some of our strategic customers going through certain challenges. We also had 
operational challenges in the nitrochlorobenzene unit in June, certain maintenance 
and breakdowns, because of which the volumes were down. Those volumes ideally 
should come back going forward. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, you stated the fact that competitive intensity has increased. Sir, in our 
product basket on a base of 100, I remember in one of the calls you have stated 
that out of 100, so 70% to 75% products still have competition with China. Has that 
gone up materially from that level? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, I do not think it has gone up.  It remains somewhat at a similar level and as we 
continue to optimize our product portfolio with sort of unique chemistries in value 
chain, potentially we are now creating a product portfolio which should be less 
dependent on that pricing pressure. But at the same time, look, even the Chinese 
players continue to evolve. So, it is not a status quo kind of situation. It is a 
dynamic strategy which keeps evolving. I do not think it has materially gone up. As 
I had mentioned in the previous call, we fundamentally feel that everyone has 
reached the kind of pricing levels where it is difficult to go down from here, at least 
on the core product portfolio. And now it is a matter of being efficient to survive at 
this level and then use those market share gains when the cycle turns around. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir just one last question on the agrochemicals, dyes and pigments’ side. 
Sir, we were stating this fact that volumes have picked up, but pricing pressure 
remains. So, sir, when we look at the cycle for the last one year, global inventories 
have come down, inflation also in select economies has come down and rainfall 
has also been  good. So, what is the reason why the pricing is not getting improved 
in this select end user segment? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, I think it will take some time. In some of the value chains we are seeing 
improvement also in realizations. But at a broader generic level, we can still 
quantify it as pricing pressure continues. And that is also because of the reason 
that there are two steps in the value chain. There is an intermediate and then there 
is a finished product. As the downstream demand improves at the farmer level, I 
think the first segment to see an uptick is the people who are closer to downstream 
consumers, the guys who are doing the technicals in the formulations. The 
intermediate guys will see impact of that a bit later in the timeframe. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Any particular quarter you believe; or that by second half it can improve or by FY27 
only we see improvement? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I would not hazard a guess, but my personal belief is it is not about one or two 
quarters, I think it is about a bit of a longer timeframe because it is a combination of 
demand uptick and capacity absorption, right? So, it is not only one of the two. 
Both have to happen for realizations to improve materially and we feel it will take a 
bit of a longer time. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from Nippon Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Hi Suyog. Just on the profitability part, even if you had a close to Rs.50 odd crore 
of profitability because of the inventory write-down and the delay, so we are close 
to Rs.250-odd crore kind of run rate and this was materially lower YoY. If you take 
about the last second half it was a similar run rate on the profitability. But if you 
take about, in volumes, like three to four percentage kind of energy volume, if I 
include the deferment of 20,000, 22,000 in July, we are close to double-digit kind of 
volume growth in energy while on the non-energy YoY we are already close to 10% 
kind of volume growth. So, despite our 10% plus volume growth YoY and maybe 
around 5-6% QoQ if I adjust, our profitability has materially come down. So, is it fair 
to assume that profitability pressure is so severe and more particularly in the MMA 
vertical and we have to live with the situation in near term? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, I think there is a bit more nuanced understanding of that market. I think as I 
said, there are certain strategic calls that have also been taken to maintain the 
market leadership position in some of the segments which sometimes get reflected 
in the pricing and the profitability. In the long-term, as I said, from an overall margin 
point of view, we have kind of bottomed out. I think it should improve going forward. 
It is not going to happen immediately in a quarter's timeframe, but on a steady state 
basis, as we move along, the margin profile should actually improve from here on. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
But in the near term, the profitability materially lagged the volume growth, safe to 
assume, because of the market share initiative we are taking in the current market 
environment? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, but I think I would slightly characterize it that the profitability growth on an 
absolute basis should track the volume growth going forward. Not lag. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. And is there any material improvement in the cost structure on the 
QoQ basis, because we are taking a series of cost structure measures also, so has 
anything contributed in 1Q, which was not there earlier? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
There are. I think that remains sort of an ongoing exercise. We are well on track, I 
think we are slightly ahead of track when it comes to implementation of some of the 
cost-saving initiatives. So, multiple initiatives there, including for example, the new 
back-pressure turbine that got installed in the Vapi unit or some of the initiatives 
around yield improvement, steam consumption improvement, all of those have also 
got implemented and they will start reflecting as they become relatively steady in 
the operations. So, that is one aspect of the business where the focus remains very 
strong and all of it is currently on track as per the plan. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
So, had we not taken a cost-saving initiative, probably profitability could have 
deteriorated much sharper? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, it could have definitely been lower than where we are today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Arun Prasath: 
Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the 
DCB utilization. We are talking about 60%, 65% whereas most of the downstreams 
to the DCBs are at a higher utilization even during this quarter. So, does it mean 
that overall globally also auto we have not seen this kind of a degrowth. So, how 
should we look at this DCB utilization and what factors or what sectors apart from 
auto we should track to see whether there will be an improvement in the volume 
ramp-up? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, look, I think DCB, especially PDCB, that mostly goes into PPS manufacturing, 
which is one of the very large end applications and for PPS, auto is one of the 
major end markets. I think there we have sort of two or three large customers in US 
who have gone through their own sort of, I would say, balance sheet corrections, at 
the same time, inventory corrections for this particular product as well as the 
downstream PPS product. And that is what I think is leading to impact on the DCB 
volume in the first half. I think the kind of contracts that we have with some of these 
customers ensure that as soon as their demand comes back from a production 
point of view, our consumption will go up. And that is what sort of we are hoping for 
in the second half. Tariff does create certain amount of uncertainty because 25% is 
not a small number. But however, we are in conversation to figure that out. 
Arun Prasath: 
So, can we switch between the other auto customers outside US for the PPS 
demand, is it not an option for us? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
We can. I think there are multiple initiatives that we have on the plate, including this 
other application of that particular product, which goes into different form of a 
product, which we have scaled up actually quite significantly, both in domestic as 
well as exports market. Globally, we do have a leading market share in that 
product. So, frankly, we are actually quite deeply penetrated. And we, of course, try 
and loom market share into each of these clients. Typically, these guys do yearly 
contracts, and hence, the share of the volume gets locked in upfront at the start of 
the year. So, depending on those contracts and how your customers are 
performing. During the year, switching of volumes is difficult. But, when you go 
through the next contracting cycle, you have another opportunity. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. On the question related to competitive intensity, you spoke that things 
are kind of finally looking to be turning for good. And we are also hearing that in 
China, in a lot of sectors where there are overcapacities, there is a government 
initiative to actually reduce it. So, in our product or a value chain, do you see that 
happening or some signs already appearing? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think I would not say it has established as a firm trend. We see, of course, stray 
incidences where, realizations have been taken up in the last few months. But I 
would still hesitate to characterize it as a generic trend. We are a bit further away 
from sort of saying with confidence that the margin profiles or the realization levels 
from Chinese competitive intensity are turning around. But yes, we have started to 
see a few incidences where the margin profile and realizations have started to 
change. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Just for our understanding, in our products, say DCB, NCB, what is the 
extent of overcapacity in China, can you quantify please? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, I would not go in that direction. The fact is, there is a significant overcapacity. 
But I think, depending on what is the real operating capacity and also what is the 
real capacity available to compete in the global market, the answer will look 
significantly different. But it is fair to say we are talking about significant 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
overcapacity and the demand/supply balancing will not happen with one year of 
demand growth. I think if that helps you get a perspective. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Understood. Finally, the question is on cost optimization. We have three 
buckets for our EBITDA to reach our three-year guidance. One is cost optimization. 
We are talking about Rs.150 to 200 crore where we have already done this co-
generation initiative. So, can you quantify what percentage of this Rs.150 to 200 
crore is already in the P&L and what is it yet to be realized over the coming 
months? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, from an implementation point of view, it is relatively at advanced stages. I think 
it is just many of these initiatives will accrue at a different point in time. For 
example, the two initiatives that we announced on renewable power purchase, 
which are supposed to add significantly to this cost saving. One solar component of 
that is expected to get commissioned from November, December this year, versus 
the hybrid component of that is expected to get commissioned around April, May, 
and next year. So, the actual accruals to the bottom line will start from those 
timeframes, versus all the actions, implementation, contracts, that has already 
been done and completed. So, it is at very advanced stages of completion of this 
cost-saving initiative. It is just that the timing of the accrual will get triggered 
whenever the sort of overall implementation of the activity takes place. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right. And I understand it is implemented. I am just trying to understand what is 
already reflected in the P&L, what percentage of this Rs.150, 200 crore is already 
reflecting in P&L as of today? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think we will come back to you on that one later, but I think from implementation 
point of view, we should be done; up to 60%-70% of it should get implemented 
within this year. I think remaining balance 30-odd percentage can get spilled over 
to the next year. From an accrual point of view, it will take time, but from an 
implementation point of view, I think 65%-70% of it should get done this year. 
Arun Prasath: 
Got it, got it. All the best. 
Moderator: 
We will take a next question from the line of Hussain Bharuchwala from Carnelian 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hussain Bharuchwala: Yes. I think you have already said about the US exposure that you have an 
exposure of around 15-20%-odd. But wanted to understand exposure that you 
have said is combined of both the direct exposure as well as the indirect exposure 
that you say? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, 15%-20% is direct exposure. I think indirect exposure could be even higher. 
What the numbers that we mentioned is our direct exports to the US. 
Hussain Bharuchwala: Got it. So, how do you see the impact of the indirect exposure and what could be 
your ballpark sense of the indirect exposure? Because I think you sell a lot of 
products in your domestic market which eventually gets exported to the US. So, 
what is the end result and how do you see that getting impacted? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, as I said, the story is yet to play out. I think apart from direct exposure, from an 
indirect exposure point of view, the largest segment where we have indirect 
exposure is actually agrochemicals, where we sell intermediates to our local 
partners who ultimately convert that into either a technical or a formulation for final 
exports to the US. And how will that story pan out? Frankly, we are yet to ascertain 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
the full impact. I think we remain in conversation, but everyone is in a kind of 
evaluation mode right now to give a sort of conclusive perspective on the same. 
Hussain Bharuchwala: Okay, I think that is it from my side for the time being. Thank you. I will join back in 
the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Pratik Oza from 
Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Oza: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Just one question from my side. If you can 
please provide the cash flows from operations for 1Q? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
We do not have the number right now. We will just separately share it with you. 
Pratik Oza: 
So, I guess in the previous call you had stated that net debt had peaked at around 
Rs.3,500 crore and we will be reducing it by Rs.200 to 300 crore in FY26. So, you 
are sticking to that guidance? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes, we will be sticking to that guidance. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think we will remain roughly at around that level, right? I think of course from a 
working capital optimization point of view you will see Rs.100-200 crore upside-
downside. But we do not expect material increase to that number. But broadly we 
should remain around that level. 
Pratik Oza: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar R from Omega Portfolio 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Tushar R: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know, earlier in 
the call you mentioned that 70%-75% of our product basket is competing with 
China. So, I am coming from calendar year 2027. So, after your Zone-IV started 
contributing, like in quantitative terms, do you see that reducing to an extent with 
some numbers given? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Look, I think there are different ways to look at it. The fact of the matter is in today's 
chemical industry coming up with a product which China is not manufacturing 
would be a kind of an exception. I think it is also about intensity of capacity and 
intensity of players in that particular domain and at the same time, domestic 
demand pull versus export demand pull, right? So, that is what will lead to 
potentially less competition intensity as we broaden the product portfolio with 
commissioning of Zone-IV. It would be unfair to say that there would not be any 
Chinese competition because fact of the matter is they are practically present in 
sort of broad sector of chemical industry as on date. 
Tushar R: 
Thank you so much, sir. And sir, in the MMA business of yours, so considering the 
13 years spread, it is coming out to be $13 per barrel. Just wanted to know that in 
order to get a higher double-digit kind of margin, what sort of spread Aarti would 
need? Because energy has been a major contributor to our revenue considering 
the past and will be going forward to the EBITDA and weighted average 
consumption. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, I think current spread levels sort of are leading to a good demand growth. I 
think we see demand coming from different regions from different customers, which 
is relatively healthy at this stage at the current spread. So, they are good enough to 
have the pull for our products. As I said, geography-by-geography, sometimes the 
spreads are different and hence the demand pull do look different depending on 
the specific market. I think US, which was very attractive, with the tariff, it is a kind 
of a speed bump there, but we will figure that out. But the current spread levels are 
good enough to generate pull for demand of this product. 
Tushar R: 
One last question. In the fluorination chemistry, do you see any contract coming in 
going forward post Zone-IV commercialization? And any JVs are you expecting for 
technical, you being the intermediate provider going forward? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Not, nothing at this stage, which we can provide you on that one. 
Tushar R: 
Fair enough, sir. Fluorination, as a percentage of your sales, as you have shown in 
the value chain in the annual report, so the fluoro component would be what 
percentage of your total sales in that benzene chain? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Fluoro would be in single digit. 
Tushar R: 
Fair enough, sir. That was really helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your continuous support. 
We hope we have been able to address all your questions. Please reach out to us 
if you have any further queries and we will be glad to address the same. Thank you 
once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Aarti Industries, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
