 
 
 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Ltd. 
Registered Office: Mezzanine Floor, A-83, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-II, New Delhi 110020 India 
Corporate Office: M3M Urbana Business Park, Tower B, 9th Floor, Sector 67, Gurugram 122001, Haryana, India 
Tel +91-888 7790 22, email: contactus@unicommerce.com I Web: www.unicommerce.com  
CIN: L74140DL2012PLC230932 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: UNIECOM 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544227 
 
Subject: Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call-Transcript 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Greetings from Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing the transcript of the Q1FY26 Results Conference Call held on 
Wednesday, 13th August, 2025 at 09.00 A.M. (IST) for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2025. 
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at https://unicommerce.com/  
 
You are requested to kindly take the abovementioned on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
For UNICOMMERCE ESOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
_________________ 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8023  
 
Encl: As above 
Anil 
Kumar
Digitally signed by Anil Kumar 
DN: c=IN, st=Punjab, 
2.5.4.20=58f15bef8525d051b8f07aa1e4f0162c416e2f
60e02a9cae2696afb400324035, postalCode=160062, 
street=SASNagar Mohali Sector 66, 
pseudonym=08512c798a1d4bbdbbf36bbab934a0be, 
title=4886, 
serialNumber=5d6e52d6459cd6685d5083065c28340c
3ba8b393d64e2829a6cad709a51ac2f9, o=Personal, 
cn=Anil Kumar 
Date: 2025.08.20 16:48:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th August 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPIL MAKHIJA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – UNICOMMERCE 
ESOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANURAG MITTAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
UNICOMMERCE ESOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Unicommerce eSolutions Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company which are based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil Makhija, Managing Director and CEO of 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Makhija. 
Kapil Makhija: 
Thank you. Hello, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I 
am pleased to share an important milestone. Today marks the first anniversary of Unicommerce 
as a publicly listed company. This past year has been a learning journey for our team with 
disciplined execution driving consistent growth in revenues and profit as we embrace the 
opportunities and the responsibilities of being a listed entity. 
We are pleased to welcome everyone to the quarter 1 FY '26 earnings call of Unicommerce 
eSolutions Limited. Joining me today is Anurag Mittal, our CFO, along with Strategic Growth 
Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
Q1 FY '26 marks a strong start to the financial year, reflecting strong execution across revenue 
growth, profitability, and key strategic initiatives. The quarter demonstrated our ability to scale 
sustainably while continuing to enhance our product offerings across all our platforms. For the 
benefit of new participants on the call, let me briefly outline our comprehensive product 
offerings across 3 platforms that make us a one-stop-shop for all e-commerce enablement needs. 
First, Convertway. It is an AI-enabled marketing automation platform designed to improve 
conversion rates and sales performance on client websites. Second, Uniware. It is our flagship 
post-purchase supply chain management platform widely trusted by e-commerce businesses to 
manage inventory, orders, warehouse and omni-channel operations.  
And third Shipway, it is our logistics technology platform offering 2 core solutions, courier 
aggregations of clients seeking to manage delivery through multiple logistics providers via a 
unified interface along with shipping automation for clients using their own courier relationships 
but requiring advanced tools to optimize daily logistics execution. Together, these platforms 
create a comprehensive solution covering the full e-commerce lifecycle from driving demand, 
to managing operations, to handling delivery and returns. 
Talking about our financial performance. Our consolidated revenue reached INR449.3 million 
in quarter 1 FY '26, a 63.6% year-over-year increase. Adjusted EBITDA, which reflects our 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
operating profitability, grew 112% year-over-year to INR94.7 million, driven by consistent cost 
discipline and strong operating leverage. Adjusted EBITDA margins improved from 16.3% in 
Q1 FY '25 to 21.1% in Q1 FY '26. These results reflect the resilience of our business model, 
supported by disciplined cost management and improved operational efficiency. 
Let me now highlight some of the strategic milestones we achieved during the quarter. First, our 
international business spanning 6 countries outside of India turned operationally profitable in 
quarter 1 FY '26, marking a key milestone in our global expansion journey. This was driven by 
a cost-effective delivery model, leveraging our established onboarding and support teams in 
India, which has enabled us to maintain a lean cost structure along with a consistent addition of 
overseas clients contributing to steady revenue growth. 
Over the past year, we have worked closely with a large retail conglomerate in the Middle East 
to support several of their retail businesses. And in quarter 1 FY '26, we secured a sizeable 
contract in Southeast Asia, further strengthening our presence in the region. Second, we also 
commercially launched our payment reconciliation module, UniReco, which enables sellers to 
streamline their receivables from e-commerce platforms and identify potential financial 
leakages. 
Third, Uniware, our flagship platform achieved an annual transaction run rate of over 1 billion 
order items during the quarter, at par with the festive season quarter of FY '25, indicating 
consistent growth in volumes managed through our platform. Fourth, Shipway became PAT 
positive during the quarter. 
Now coming to industry performance. While sector-wide growth remains subdued in quarter 1 
FY '26. We remain focused on executing multiple initiatives within our controls to drive 
consistent growth in revenue and profitability, independent of broader market conditions.  
First, we introduced several product enhancements on Uniware, including Blink Mode for faster 
processing of high-volume workflows, multilingual support for invoices and labels and feature 
upgrades for B2B and quick commerce order management. In quarter 1 FY '26, we reached an 
annualized run rate of 48 million items for quick commerce channels compared to 20 million 
items in FY '25. 
Second, as highlighted earlier, we commercially launched our payment reconciliation modules, 
UniReco, whose initial feedback by early adopting clients has been positive. And third, we 
continue to focus on adding new clients with 88 new clients acquired in Q1 FY '26 as we 
continue to see strong sales momentum. Select additions this quarter include traditional as well 
as digital first brands such as Ajanta Shoes, Himalaya Wellness, Rupa, Lacoste, Richlook, 
SuperYou, Beyond Snack and Eat Better Company. 
Turning to Shipway, it continued to see a strong adoption from new and existing customers. In 
line with our profitability focus, we also reviewed and restructured select low-margin accounts 
which resulted in a marginal decline in revenue but contributed to Shipway becoming PAT-
positive during the quarter. However, the constant growth in the business has ensured that as of 
July, Shipway has already reached the highest-ever annualized run rate of INR80 crores to 
INR85 crores compared to approximately INR70 crores revenue in quarter 1 FY '26. 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Product enhancements during the quarter included launch of an AI-powered chatbot, Loca, to 
help brands get instant resolutions for post-purchase issues like shipment tracking, delivery 
delays without human intervention, along with improving user experience and expanding system 
integration. 
Convertway progressed steadily with feature additions aimed at enhancing WhatsApp message 
deliverability and enabling multi-agent functionality in the customer support module. In 
addition, we continue to embed AI across key operational functions, including code 
development, ticket resolution and client support, helping drive productivity and improve 
service outcomes. 
In summary, disciplined execution in quarter 1 FY '26 has enabled us to maintain operational 
performance while continuing to invest in long-term platform strength. Looking ahead, we see 
multiple structural tailwinds supporting our growth trajectory. First, India's underpenetrated e-
commerce market, which presents significant headroom for long-term expansion.  
Second, a large and growing total addressable market of over US$1.15 billion with notable 
opportunities in areas like courier aggregation through Shipway. Third, consistent new client 
acquisitions across all platforms, complemented by effective cross-selling to existing clients, 
introduction of new use cases and platform enhancements that unlock additional revenue 
streams. And fourth, continued growth in our international business, which is further 
diversifying our revenue base and expanding our overseas footprint. 
As we progress through FY '26, our priorities remain firmly centered on disciplined execution, 
deepening our client engagement and continuously enhancing our platform capabilities, backed 
by a strong foundation comprising our integrated offerings across Convertway, Uniware and 
Shipway and a large and growing client base of over 7,000 businesses, we are well placed to 
strengthen our leadership in the e-commerce enablement ecosystem and unlock the next phase 
of sustainable growth. 
Now I'd like to invite Anurag Mittal, our CFO, to share our financial performance. Over to you, 
Anurag. 
Anurag Mittal: 
Thank you, Kapil. Good morning, everyone. Quarter 1 FY '26 marked a strong start to the fiscal 
year, reflecting both top line momentum and continued improvement in operating profitability. 
Our consolidated revenue stood at INR449.3 million, representing a 63.6% year-over-year 
increase. Revenue growth during the quarter was supported not only by the continued scale of 
Uniware, but also addition of Shipway's business. 
Adjusted EBITDA grew by 112% year-over-year to INR94.7 million, with margins expanding 
from 16.3% in quarter 1 FY '25 to 21.1% in quarter 1 FY '26, an increase of 482 basis points. 
The improvement in profitability reflects our continued focus on cost discipline, operating 
leverage from Uniware and operating profitability of Shipway. 
Profit after tax rose to INR38.9 million, reflecting a growth of 10.8% Y-o-Y. The variance 
between PAT and adjusted EBITDA growth is attributable to a non-cash amortization expense 
of INR33.2 million related to intangible assets recognized from the acquisition of Shipway 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Technology Private Limited. Excluding this non-cash expense, PAT for the quarter would have 
been INR63.7 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 81.5%. 
EPS increased by 10.4% Y-o-Y to INR0.34 in quarter 1 FY '26 compared to INR0.31 in quarter 
1 FY '25. ROE increased by 140 basis points Y-o-Y to 20.7% in quarter 1 FY '26 compared to 
19.3% in quarter 1 FY '25. ROCE increased by 550 basis points Y-o-Y to 23.9% in quarter 1 FY 
'26 compared to 18.4% in quarter 1 FY '25. 
Shipway Technology delivered consistent revenue performance during the quarter. As Kapil 
mentioned earlier, a planned review of low-margin accounts was undertaken to enhance 
profitability, resulting in a marginal and a temporary impact of revenue.  
Encouragingly, Shipway's ARR as of July has already exceeded around INR80-85 crores in July, 
up from approximately INR70 crores in quarter 1 FY '26, demonstrating a rebound and strong 
underlying momentum. The synergies and cross-sell opportunities across our platform have 
materialized well in a short time, and we remain optimistic about continued progress. 
To summarize, our performance this quarter underscores the strength of our operating model 
and our ability to grow efficiently. As we continue to strengthen relationships with existing 
clients, acquire new accounts and invest in platform enhancement to unlock incremental revenue 
opportunities, our focus remains on financial discipline and delivering sustainable profitable 
growth.  
Further, we are pleased to announce the successful implementation of Oracle as our financial 
ERP platform during the quarter. This strategic move significantly strengthens our internal 
systems, processes and controls, laying a robust foundation for enhanced financial management. 
Starting Q2 of FY '26, all financial reporting will be transitioned to ERP platform, allowing for 
greater efficiency, consistency and compliance across our reporting framework. We believe this 
advancement marks a key milestone in our commitment to operational excellence and financial 
transparency. 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mridul Goenka from CLSA. 
Mridul Goenka: 
So actually, three, four questions I had. So firstly, I think on the pricing in the stand-alone 
Uniware, I think that continues to remain subdued. Now it is below INR1.10 and down 50% Y-
o-Y. So can you just briefly comment as to the competitive environment…? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Mridul, may we request you use the headset to ask the question. 
Mridul Goenka: 
Actually, first question is on pricing. Can you comment like what are the reasons for pricing to 
be soft in this quarter? 
Kapil Makhija: 
So, as we mentioned in the last quarter earnings call as well that in FY '25, we had made a 
deliberate investment to accelerate adoption by offering lower minimum guarantees to select 
clients. And if you recall that in the initial period, the effective rate from these new clients usually 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
tend to be higher as we were charging a higher MG, but now to accelerate adoption with these 
new-age brands, we had taken a strategic call to lower these MGs to make it more affordable for 
these new age brands. 
The second is that in this earnings call, we have also mentioned that we have seen a rapid rise 
of quick commerce volumes getting managed. So both the share of B2B and quick commerce 
volumes in our transaction mix has also increased. And these transactions, given their bulk 
nature, generally realized lower transaction rates. But this is too early for us to say as the relative 
mix of the B2B and quick commerce transactions will stabilize in due course of time.  
So we will be able to comment on a steady-state rate in subsequent quarters. But as of now, I 
would say that it's been in the similar ballpark of 1.1 as we had mentioned, 1.1 to 1.2 due to 
some of these initiatives that we had taken in FY '25 and the slight increase -- a larger increase 
in quick commerce and B2B volumes are immediate focus areas, has resulted in a slight decline 
as you have observed. 
Mridul Goenka: 
Got it. That's helpful. So prodding further on that line, can you briefly comment, out of your 
overall business, how much is the contribution from quick commerce? And what is the 
differential between pricing for quick commerce clients versus your regular clients? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Like I said, it's very early days for us. So we are seeing good adoption of quick commerce and 
B2B amongst our client base. I think it's hard -- it's early days for us to comment the steady state 
contribution or the share of quick commerce overall volumes. And the rate for quick commerce 
vis-à-vis B2C is business sensitive. I think it will be difficult for me to share that. 
Mridul Goenka: 
Okay. Not an issue. So maybe I think the next question… 
Kapil Makhija: 
Sorry, we are losing you again. 
Mridul Goenka: 
Yes. So actually, I wanted to know your top 10 client revenue proportion that has been 
completely shrinking, I mean, for the last several quarters. But it was decent to see some growth 
on a Y-o-Y basis. So can you just comment like are you incrementally gaining more wallet share 
within your top 10 clients? Or is it there is a huge churn in the top 10 clients? Just wanted to get 
a sense as to how your top customers are growing along with you? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Sure. Sumit, I'm assuming this is for the stand-alone business. As you would recall, we had 
mentioned that as far as Uniware is concerned, we have 100% wallet share because the brand 
uses a single OMS for their operations. So there is no question of wallet share as far as our stand-
alone Uniware business is concerned.  
The overall relative share of top 10 clients has been consistently declining, which is a result of 
our focused effort in diversifying our client base. We have seen a steady growth in the number 
of clients using our platform.  
And we have seen both traditional brands as well as digital first brands using our platform 
steadily growing as the e-commerce market grows. So the relative share decline of top 10 clients 
is a result of our focused effort in accelerating our client base and diversifying it further. 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Mridul Goenka: 
Got it. But I think on an absolute basis also your top 10 clients' revenues have come down by 
almost 28%, 30% on a Y-o-Y basis. So what is the reason for the absolute revenue shrinkage? 
Kapil Makhija: 
I think it's a function of others also growing. Like I stated, our client base has increased. So the 
relative share has come down because our broader base continues to increase and we continue 
to see a strong acceleration of new clients getting added to our customer base. 
Mridul Goenka: 
All right. I get that point, but my point is your top 10 clients must be growing, right, given that 
e-commerce is still growing in double digits as an industry. So in terms of your transaction 
volumes then they should also see a double-digit growth. I'm not sure about the pricing. So that's 
where I wanted to prod further, like how your top 10 client proportion is growing on an absolute 
basis. 
Kapil Makhija: 
So top 10 clients, given that we manage 100% of their dropship volume, top 10 clients have 
grown in line with the market growth. I can confirm on this call that there have been no logo 
churn among the top 10 customers. 
Mridul Goenka: 
Okay. Got it. And finally, on Shipway, I think you mentioned that there was some planned 
pruning of non-profitable accounts. And on a Y-o-Y basis, I guess your growth was close to 
20%, if I'm not wrong. 
Kapil Makhija: 
Y-o-Y basis, we do not have the Shipway numbers because we have started consolidating this 
from 17 December when the first tranche was completed. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, there 
has been a slight decline because of the reasons that we had mentioned that we have restructured 
some of the select low-margin accounts to ensure that Shipway becomes PAT positive. But we 
have -- the business continues to grow month-on-month and has shown consistent growth 
because of which our July revenue (wrongly said, kindly read it as ARR) is INR80-85 crores, 
which is our highest ever for Shipway compared to INR70 crores revenue in quarter 1 FY '26. 
Mridul Goenka: 
Got it. So what is the organic potential for Shipway business going forward? 
Kapil Makhija: 
See, Shipway operates in a large TAM of nearly INR4,000 crores, Sumit. So I think there's 
significant headroom for growth. I think the journey has just started and Shipway can continue 
to tap into this large customer base of social media sellers, brands selling on their own website. 
So while there is a large pool of Unicommerce customers, there is a large market even outside 
of Uniware's customer base where Shipway can continue to target. 
I think the journey has just started, and we feel that this can continue to grow aggressively. In 
fact, as we have consistently maintained that all our new products are our engines for growth, 
including Shipway, Convertway and UniReco. Amongst that, Shipway is expected to be the 
largest driver of growth for us from these new products. 
Anurag Mittal: 
And Sumit, in addition to what Kapil mentioned, I also mentioned in my speech that our growth 
momentum continued in July as well, which clearly demonstrates what we are seeing. In fact, 
with the Shipway's ARR increasing to highest ever ARR of INR80 crores, INR85 crores 
compared to INR70 crores in quarter 1 FY '26 itself. So there is definitely a significant potential 
for Shipway in the logistics market, and we are quite positive about the future potential of 
Shipway. 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Mridul Goenka: 
Got it. Sir, would it be fair to assume that the growth in Shipway would be higher than your 
stand-alone business given the potential what you mentioned? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So see, Uniware is a stable platform. It's been matured, built over more than a decade. So 
the stand-alone business will continue its journey of market plus plus growth. Shipway, given 
the large TAM it operates in and it's a relatively newer entrant in this space, we feel that the 
growth potential of Shipway is far higher than the stand-alone growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arvind Arora from A Square Capital. 
Arvind Arora: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. So Kapil, my first question on profitability level at Uniware 
product. So despite the revenue is flat, our PAT has grown. So could you please throw some 
light where we worked on to improve the operational efficiency and how it looks like? Will this 
sustain or like there would be a dip or something like that? 
Kapil Makhija: 
As I mentioned earlier as well that Uniware's platform is fairly stable. We've built it over a 
decade now. So we have realigned our investments in the platform to align with the requirements 
of the platform because of which we see strong operating leverage in the business.  
We have realigned our investment essentially related to people costs because now with the help 
of AI, we are able to do things a lot faster than what we could do a year ago because of which 
we've been able to build a lot of people-related efficiencies, and you would see a material decline 
in our people costs on the stand-alone business.  
And the business inherently has an operating leverage, we have demonstrated it over the last few 
quarters already, but we've been able to take it even further by building internal efficiencies, 
thanks to AI for not only product development, but even other areas like client support, customer 
success, etcetera, because of which we are seeing a significant improvement in the cost base 
resulting in improvement of our PAT. 
Arvind Arora: 
So, Kapil, then PAT margin -- sorry, yes. 
Anurag Mittal: 
So in addition to what Kapil also mentioned, I also wanted to call out that our flagship Uniware 
platform is very mature now and stable product, requiring minimum incremental investment 
now. And as a result, we have further improved our profitability through disciplined cost 
management and our use of AI anyway, right? And this has enabled us to realign our manpower 
cost to the level of appropriate investment. And definitely Uniware continues to drive expanding 
profitability for us. 
Arvind Arora: 
Understood. So is it like this PAT margin may improve further from here as well? 
Anurag Mittal: 
Definitely. 
Arvind Arora: 
Okay. And so if I look at Uniware, our volume growth year-on-year is 19%, correct? And if I 
look at customer addition side, so last year our customer was 855 and it increased to 979. So 
there is a net-net 14% growth in the customer addition. So this growth is coming from customer 
addition or how it is? Like how we should look at these operational metrics? 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So our growth is a function of multiple factors. One is the market growth. So our existing 
clients because we charge for transactions. So as our existing clients grow in line with the market 
growth, we stand to gain from that. 
 
The second lever of growth for us is new client additions. The third lever is new products or like 
we just recently commercially launched UniReco. So we are able to upsell and cross-sell our 
existing customer base on these new products. 
 
And fourth is the international expansion. We continue to add new logos in the international 
markets as well. So our growth is driven by a combination of these 4 factors. I hope that answers 
your question. 
Arvind Arora: 
Yes, but then at the customer level, our rate or charges will not increase? Is it like that? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So first of all, I wanted to clarify on the transaction growth. A lot of our transaction growth 
is driven by new customers getting added. And we charge a minimum guarantee from these 
enterprise customers in which we bundle certain number of transactions in this cost. 
 
As the new customers start using the platform, a lot of this transaction growth gets subsumed in 
the minimum guarantee that these new clients pay us because of which the transaction growth 
doesn't translate into the revenue growth always. 
 
And secondly, I think Sumit before you had asked the question on the rate, our rate continues to 
be in a similar ballpark of 1.1. And so hence, our revenue growth is a result of the 4 factors that 
I mentioned, but the transaction growth in absolute cannot translate into revenue growth because 
a bulk of this transaction growth get consumed in the minimum guarantee that the new clients 
are paying us. 
Arvind Arora: 
Okay. And Kapil, what is the overlap as of now or is there any headroom now? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Sorry, what is? 
Arvind Arora: 
What is overlap as of now? Since last quarter we discussed like we can also get the client from 
Shipway acquisition and there was overlap of 13%, if I'm correct. So what is status there? And 
are we -- whatever client that we are seeing as new acquisition, is it coming through Shipway 
acquisition or how it is? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Sure. I think I just want to clarify that in the last quarter's earnings call, we had mentioned that 
the overlap had crossed 10%. Our overlap continues to be in the similar ballpark of 10%, which 
we reported in the last quarter. 
 
In terms of Uniware client acquisition, the levers for client acquisition for Unilever is a mix of 
outbound sales engines where the team is reaching out to various prospects, qualifying the leads 
and giving it to the sales team. 
 
Second is inbound. We have digital marketing channels as well as we participate in events, both 
third-party events as well as conduct our own events. We have conducted various e-commerce 
evangelizing initiatives such as e-Kumbh, which is focused on smaller cities. We have conducted 
it in the cities of Surat, Lucknow, Ludhiana, Jaipur, etcetera. 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
And the third is partnerships. We continue to foster partnerships with ecosystem players, service 
providers, which help us provide business opportunities. So these 3 are our GTM levers. 
 
The cross-sell motion largely works for Shipway where we continue to showcase our new 
solutions, including Shipway, Convertway and UniReco to our existing customer base of nearly 
7,000 clients. 
Arvind Arora: 
Okay. So is there any update, like are we changing or anything we are doing so that our overlap 
can increase from here or this is the mix where we can go, like 10% overlap? 
Kapil Makhija: 
No. So I think the overlap will continue to grow as we continue to showcase these new products 
to our existing customer base. More and more customers will start adopting these solutions. But 
also you have to keep in mind that both businesses are growing in terms of client base. 
 
So the overlap percentage will be a function of the common client base divided by the overall 
client base. Since both numbers are growing, we can't really comment on how much this overlap 
percentage will increase, but the absolute quantum of common set of clients, which are using 
both Uniware and Shipway continues to increase. 
Arvind Arora: 
So this 88 new clients that we have added during the quarter, is it like an organic growth for 
Uniware? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. This is organic growth through the 3 leading channels that I mentioned, this is outbound, 
inbound and partnerships. We have added 88 new clients in quarter 1 FY '26. 
Arvind Arora: 
And last question, Kapil, on any update on acquisition part? And as you are seeing, we are 
focusing on one-stop solution from e-commerce, correct? So where we feel we are -- we also 
need to be there in the particular field? 
Kapil Makhija: 
See, as you rightly mentioned, our vision is to become a one-stop shop for e-commerce 
enablement. And in line with that, we continue to explore opportunities and white spaces that 
can be relevant for the brands we are serving. 
 
And there continue to be many white spaces that are present because e-commerce is a fast-
evolving industry. So new white spaces keep getting created. And in particular in the 
prepurchase segment where we just got an entry through a solution called Convertway, we feel 
that it's fairly wide open. 
 
So there are many white spaces that continue to be there, and we will continue to explore both 
organic and inorganic expansion through either our product launches or a strategic acquisition 
to be able to serve the e-commerce ecosystem being a one-stop shop for e-commerce 
enablement. 
Arvind Arora: 
Any update on the acquisition part or any negotiation that is going at a final stage or something 
like that, Kapil? 
Kapil Makhija: 
No. So I think we continue to explore, like I said, continue to explore various white spaces and 
continue to evaluate whether it makes sense to do it organically or inorganically. I think none of 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
those conversations are mature enough for us to be shared with the wider forum today. But 
whenever we have something concrete, we'll be happy to share it with the wider forum. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajvi from Sohum Asset Managers. 
Rajvi: 
So basically, I wanted to touch upon the organic growth part and the Shipway part. So first 
question on that would be, sir, I want to know whether Shipway has some kind of a seasonality 
on a quarterly basis. So you just -- I want to take into account how do I manage the revenues 
over a quarter-on-quarter basis, considering the annual revenue of roughly around INR85 crores? 
So just wanted some color on it? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Sure. So see, as both Shipway and Uniware operate in the e-commerce ecosystem, e-commerce 
has got some inherent seasonality where the festive quarters generally tend to be better. But I 
just also want to highlight that Shipway is a relatively new entrant in a large market space. 
 
So there is a huge headroom for growth for Shipway to grow. So I think we will continue to see 
a consistent growth in Shipway, and we may not see the impact of seasonality as much in 
Shipway because it's a fast-growing business. 
 
In a mature business like Uniware, you will see impact of seasonality, which is because we are 
serving a large customer base and we have virtually become an index to e-commerce, processing 
more than 1 billion transactions annually on our platform. And hence, you will see a more 
profound impact of seasonality on the more mature business, which is Uniware. 
Rajvi: 
Okay. And sir, considering no seasonality, if I do my numbers and if I exclude the Shipway 
revenue from it, can we say that the organic revenue had degrowth during the quarter? On year-
on-year basis I'm talking about. 
Kapil Makhija: 
As I mentioned that the growth of the stand-alone Uniware business is in line with the market 
growth. It has not degrown quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year basis. It continues to post a 
moderate growth, but that's broadly in line with the market growth. As I mentioned, the 
seasonality will have a lot more profound impact on a mature business like Uniware. 
 
But having said that, honestly, the market growth is something that we cannot control. What's 
in our control is where we are -- our focus is. We continue to add new clients. We have added 
88 new clients across traditional and digital businesses. And we continue to launch new products 
and significantly upgrade the capabilities of our existing products so that we continue to serve 
the ecosystem. 
Rajvi: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the capitalization of employee expenses that was done even in this quarter, 
I just would like to know your views as in how much is this going to continue in quarters to 
come? Like the absolute number of employee cost is down. I understand that one of the 
adjustment in there was transfer of few of the employees to the parent company. And I think the 
second one was this. So just want to understand how the employee cost going forward will pan 
out considering the adjustments done. 
Anurag Mittal: 
So Rajvi, we have done capitalization of near about INR1.5 crores in this quarter 1 FY '26. And 
the purpose of doing this capitalization is to bring that UniShip product to a terminal stage. We 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
don't anticipate to do capitalizations in the subsequent quarters. We in fact, no major 
capitalization is anticipated in quarter 2 onwards. 
 
And our endeavor is to make sure that we should able to roll out these technologies within quarter 
2 itself. So our product and technology teams are working dynamically to make sure that we 
should roll out these technologies as quick as possible in quarter 2 itself. 
Rajvi: 
So the employee expenses will normalize, right, in the next quarters to come? 
Anurag Mittal: 
So in fact, employee expenses are already normalized subject to this INR1.5 crores of 
capitalization we have done. And in fact, to be honest, in fact the employee expenses are quite 
sustainable. Our employee benefit expenses has changed due to 2 factors largely. 
 
The first, we have continued to improve our process efficiency, including substantial use of 
artificial intelligence in daily operations and technology development. This has actually allowed 
us to operate with a leaner and more agility. 
Rajvi: 
Okay. And sir, on the amortization cost, so we are expecting it to remain as it is or it will come 
down? 
Anurag Mittal: 
So amortization expense, in fact, while we spoke about this capitalization part in the Shipway, 
we believe that the group is in a process of integrating these internally developed solutions with 
the technology acquired through the business acquisition of Shipway Technology Private 
Limited. 
 
And the integration is expected to enhance Shipway's existing product capabilities, facilitate 
deeper market penetration, extend the useful life of Shipway brand and strengthen customer 
relations. 
 
So, upon successful completion of the integration which is scheduled and planned in quarter 2 
itself, the company will evaluate the useful life of combined developed and acquired 
technologies and accordingly the amortization will further reduce subsequently in the quarter 2 
and onwards. 
Rajvi: 
Okay. And sir, there were revisions made in the valuations of Shipway as in the rest 57% which 
was acquired. So any reason or any color that you can give on that front? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Could you please repeat your question, Rajvi? It wasn't very clear to us. 
Rajvi: 
Yes. I was talking about the revisions in valuation of Shipway made. So the remaining 57% that 
was acquired, that was acquired at a higher valuation. So just wanted some color on why this 
revision had to happen. 
Anurag Mittal: 
So, Rajvi, while we did the tranche 1 the valuation was around INR160 crores. And the tranche 
2 completion -- in fact tranche 1 was our cash transaction, but tranche 2, we did an addition of 
INR179 crores (wrongly said, kindly read it as: we did at the valuation of INR 179 crores). So 
there is an upside of the valuation, reason being there was the increase in the business size. By 
that time we completed the tranche 2. Hence there was an upside in the valuation of our 
company. 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise. 
Sahil Doshi: 
I think my first question pertains to the stand-alone business. We've done a fabulous job in terms 
of client additions. The transaction growth has been relatively strong compared to the industry. 
But the real point is actually the revenues have actually remained in the same range for the last 
4 quarters, right, just INR1 crores or INR2 crores here and there. 
 
But we aren't really seeing this translating into real profitable revenue growth in that sense, if I 
had to put it. So could you just really quantify because you'll constantly be on a treadmill to add 
new clients. There will be always new set of clients coming in and there will always be churn 
there. So what -- could you possibly tell us when do we really start seeing the revenue growth 
coming in the business? 
Kapil Makhija: 
So as we mentioned that the growth of Uniware stand-alone business is a result of the overall 
market growth. And like I mentioned, that's something we cannot control. So we continue to add 
new clients. 
 
We feel that there is -- there continues to be a large market out there where in the earlier 
discussions in the earnings call, we had mentioned that in the -- even today, we feel that about 
80% to 85% of the market of dropship market because it's fairly nascent, still uses Excel or 
manual operations to manage their e-commerce business. 
 
As a result, as the complexity of the e-commerce ecosystem increases and the overall scale of 
the ecosystem increases, we believe that a lot more businesses will look for software where given 
that we are the largest player in the market, we continue to have a top-of-the-mind recall for 
opting for solution. 
 
So I don't think that we will see any slowdown in terms of new client acquisitions, that will 
continue to grow strong. And as we had demonstrated in our FY '24 and FY '25 results, the new 
client acquisition continue to contribute consistently in the growth. 
 
Our growth in the last couple of years has been a bit subdued largely because of the overall 
market growth, and it's hard for us to predict when this market growth is going to come back. 
Although we do see the initial signs of quarter 2 in terms of the sales season of Raksha Bandhan 
and Prime Day sales, we have seen a higher growth compared to the summer sale that we saw 
in Q1. 
 
But it's hard for us to say whether that's representative for the full quarter. But at least the sales 
season, at least in quarter 2 has been a bit encouraging. But I think once the quarter completes, 
we'll be able to comment further on whether the market growth is coming back, which should 
translate into higher growth for Uniware stand-alone business as well. 
Sahil Doshi: 
So, Kapil, I'll just rephrase this. I understand on the market outlook, see, we've been having 
consistently a 20% plus transaction growth. So when you say market growth, what is the level 
you would want for that to give you the ability to take pricing growth as well for us to see at 
least double-digit kind of revenue growth? 
 
And secondly, if you can possibly just to help us understand this and get more comfort, could 
you quantify how much of this transaction growth is today not or below the minimum guarantee 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
so that we know that there's no revenue contribution and possibly in the future what the team is 
trying to build will actually translate into revenue growth? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So first of all, addressing the point about 19% transaction growth. As I mentioned, a lot of 
this transaction growth is a result of new client acquisition and bulk of this transaction growth 
gets subsumed in the minimum guarantee that the new clients are paying us. 
 
The strong client acquisition that we've got in Q1 and hopefully will continue in subsequent 
quarters should help us in driving the growth in subsequent quarters. In addition, given that the 
market has been relatively subdued in the last 2 years, we have also built new products as well 
as significantly upgraded the capabilities that our existing products had, to ensure that they 
become our future levers of growth in the stand-alone business. 
 
So we -- as I mentioned before as well, that we continue to focus on initiatives which are in our 
control in driving sales acquisition and building new products and enhancing our product 
capability so that we continue to serve the ecosystem and are able to deliver growth. And if the 
market is able to show a higher growth as we've seen some initial signs of that in quarter 2 sales, 
we should be able to see a higher growth in subsequent quarters. 
Sahil Doshi: 
When you say growth, you mean absolute revenue growth, right? I'm just trying to understand 
that. 
Kapil Makhija: 
Absolute revenue growth, I meant. And also like while the stand-alone business, we had 
anticipated that the growth is probably not going to be high given the market conditions. We've 
ensured that we continue to optimize the cost and focus on delivering high levels of profitability 
and high levels of operating leverage, even higher levels of operating leverage this year 
compared to previous few years. 
 
We have leveraged AI to optimize our internal processes, are able to build a lot more than we 
did in the last couple of years to ensure that we are able to do it with a leaner team and continue 
to deliver high levels of profitability. 
 
So the way we are structuring the business is that the new products will continue to channel 
growth for us, while the existing mature business, which is Uniware, will continue to drive or 
contribute large pools of profitability. Having said that, we continue to focus and drive initiatives 
which can drive growth in the stand-alone business as well. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Sure. Just I don't think these questions were answered. Could you possibly quantify how much 
of this INR25 crores transaction processed this quarter was nonremunerative or something of 
that sort, just to get clarity? A ballpark… 
Kapil Makhija: 
I think that will be business sensitive for us. We do publish our NRR at an annual level. So that 
becomes an indicator of the growth from the existing customers, which broadly has been in line 
with the market growth as we have published in FY '24 and FY '25. So I think as the numbers 
mature through the year, I think by the end of the year we should be able to publish NRR number. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Okay. Sure. And just lastly on Shipway, I just wanted to get a sense on the competitive dynamics. 
Are we seeing pricing environment getting better or adverse because of consolidation in the 
market, which we are seeing at least on the courier and the e-commerce delivery guys at least? 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: 
I think as I mentioned that we are a relatively small player in a large market. So we are not seeing 
that play out for us yet. And I think there are enough and more logistics partners for which the 
need for aggregation will continue to be strong. 
 
Because of the diversity of the Indian landscape and the complexity of the e-commerce 
ecosystem, particularly when a brand is trying to sell on their website or on social media. So we 
haven't seen any sort of decline in the demand for it and the market continues to be large enough, 
which shows that there is significant headroom for growth for Shipway. 
Sahil Doshi: 
It's on the pricing environment? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So I think given one of the key synergies that Shipway got after acquisition by 
Unicommerce was because of our strong commercial arrangements with the courier partner at a 
group level because which Shipway has been able to leverage the benefits of that and pass on 
the benefits and one of the key levers of Shipway becoming PAT positive and breakeven was a 
result of the direct cost benefits that Shipway was able to derive due to group level synergies. 
So far we've not seen any impact on our pricing because we've already got enough benefit thanks 
to the group level synergies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Gathani from SG Securities. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
I just wanted to follow up on one of the questions from the past participants. On the -- so if I 
look at the top 10 customers' revenue, right, so like last year's comes to around INR58 crores 
versus now it's INR42 crores (wrongly said, kindly read it as: so like last year's comes to around 
INR58 million versus now it's INR42 million). 
 
So when you say that they're growing in line with the market and there's no loss or anything as 
such, like I'm trying to understand like if the minimum guarantee was offered to them or what 
am I missing here, like it's down by 28% or so. So like how do we look at it? If you can help me 
understand this revenue contribution from the top 10 customers? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. I think it will be difficult for us to comment on the specific business profile of the top 10 
customers. But what I can tell you is that 100% of the top 10 business continues to be managed 
on us, and there has been no logo churn amongst the top 10 customers. So the performance of 
the top 10 customers in absolute is a reflection of their own business growth. And all of the entire 
business still continues to be managed on Unicommerce. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Okay. And second question is on the international business. So you mentioned the Middle East, 
there is a large contract. So is the contract like different in nature from like a domestic business 
or like it's a fixed revenue contract or how does that work? Like the model is the same or different 
there? 
Kapil Makhija: 
I want to clarify the large contract from Southeast Asia, while we do continue to work in Middle 
East with the large retail conglomerate where we are onboarding various of the retail businesses 
onto our platform. This large contract in Southeast Asia is similar to how we do it in the domestic 
market as well, where it is linked to the expansion of the business as we do in the domestic 
market. 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
And the product deployment is also similar. So it's a common stack that we are -- like we have 
always maintained that we built our technology like a platform as the common platform gets 
deployed across various clients and it gets configured depending on the use cases of a particular 
client. In the same way for this large contract in Southeast Asia, we are configuring the platform 
to be able to suit their use case. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. So at this point, what contribution would be coming from the international business? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So the international business is roughly 4% to 5% of the overall revenues. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Okay. And what kind of growth do we expect from the international business in terms of -- like 
just trying to understand like pricing differential versus domestic and revenue growth coming in 
from there, if that's going to be in line with the client growth or like is it priced higher? 
Kapil Makhija: 
See, we continue to see a steady traction in our focused geographies in Middle East and 
Southeast Asia, and we are scaling it in a calibrated and capital efficient manner. In terms of our, 
again, pricing in international markets versus domestic markets, that's business sensitive. 
 
But I think international business is still -- in these markets, and we have carefully chosen these 
markets in Middle East and Southeast Asia because we feel that these markets are in terms of e-
commerce evolution are a few years behind Indian e-commerce and hence the product and the 
platform that we have developed is readily usable in these markets. 
 
So I think the dropship model in terms of the scale and complexity is yet to see the peak that 
Indian e-commerce has seen. And hence, the volumes being managed of these businesses in 
these markets are relatively lower compared to India, both the scale and the complexity. 
 
But we -- again, the pricing continues to be slightly higher in these markets compared to India, 
but it's early days. It's still only 4% to 5% of our overall revenues. And as the e-commerce 
ecosystem in these markets evolve, I think the pricing as well as the use cases in these markets 
will stabilize and mature over in due course of time. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. Sir, last question was on you -- in the last -- I think last quarter or the quarter before that, 
you mentioned that you're starting to have like certain price escalation clauses in the contract. 
So like when do those start kicking in? Like when did we start doing that, if you could give some 
color on that? 
Kapil Makhija: 
Yes. So as you would recall, we had mentioned that the price escalation has been introduced on 
the new contracts since last year. The benefit of that will start accruing in the later part of this 
year as more and more contracts complete the year through FY '26. 
 
We are also carefully observing the impact of the price escalation on the new contracts, and we 
hope to extend this to our existing contracts as well. And if we are able to do this for existing 
contracts in this year, the benefit of that should accrue in the following year. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil Makhija for closing remarks. 
Kapil Makhija: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We hope we have been able to address your 
queries. Should you have any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us 

 
 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
or Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you, and have a good 
day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Unicommerce eSolutions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
