 
 
 
 
August 4, 2025   
 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: VBL 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 540180 
 
Sub:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on July 29, 2025 i.e. post declaration of 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Half Year ended June 30, 2025 
is enclosed.  
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.varunbeverages.com.    
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Varun Beverages Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Batra 
 
Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Ravi Batra
Digitally signed by 
Ravi Batra 
Date: 2025.08.04 
09:35:01 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Varun Beverages Limited 
Q2 & H1 CY2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 29, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Varun Beverages Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Varun 
Beverages’ Q2 CY2025 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria, Chairman of the company, Mr. Varun Jaipuria, 
Executive Vice Chairman and Whole-time Director and Mr. Raj Gandhi, President 
and Whole-time Director of the company. We will initiate the call with opening 
remarks from the management following which we will have the forum open for a 
question-and-answer session.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. I would now request Mr. Ravi 
Jaipuria to make his opening remarks.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our earnings conference 
call. I hope you’ve had a chance to review our results presentation for the second 
quarter and half year ended June 30th, 2025.  
We delivered a resilient performance during a quarter. In-spite of unusually early 
onset of monsoon rains in the peak summer months in India, we could keep our 
realizations per case and EBITDA margins intact. Due to growth in international 
markets supported by strong positive currency movement in Africa territories, 
Company ended the quarter with a positive PAT in-spite of 3% decline in 
consolidated sales volume.  
In international markets, Varun Beverages Morocco has commenced commercial 
production of PepsiCo’s snack product ‘Cheetos.’ This marks another milestone in 
strengthening our presence in the high-potential snack category, complementing our 
beverage portfolio and diversifying our revenue streams.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
We continue to focus on growth opportunities in South Africa market. We have 
enhanced our capacity by setting up a can line in Durban, in one of our existing 
production facilities. We are awaiting approval from Competition Commission of 
South Africa for land parcel purchase adjoining our production facility in Boksburg to 
further enhance capacity and backward integration. These are just a few steps in our 
series of initiatives to revitalize South Africa territory. 
Strong currency and our efforts in implementing backward integration last year have 
resulted in enhanced profitability in all our African territories. We have further 
strengthened Zambia, DRC and South Africa subsidiary balance sheets and through 
in-process equity infusion raising our stake in Zambia from 90% to 95%. 
In line with our dividend policy, the Board of Directors have approved a second 
interim dividend of 25% of face value, i.e., Rs. 0.50 per share, resulting in a total 
cash outflow of approximately Rs. 1,691 million. 
Although unseasonal rains have impacted performance during the quarter, we have 
successfully navigated such challenges in the past and we have emerged stronger. 
We continue to strengthen our on-ground execution by adding more visi-coolers and 
ensuring wider product availability across retail touchpoints. With robust capacities 
now operational, an expanding product portfolio, and a sharply focused distribution 
network, we are well-positioned to capture emerging opportunities and drive 
sustainable, long-term value creation for all stakeholders.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Gandhi to share the key highlights of our operation and 
financial performance. Thank you very much. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone on this 
call today. I will take you through the financial and operational performance for the 
second quarter and half year ended 30th June 2025. 
Revenue from operations net of excise and GST stood at the level of Rs. 70,173 
million in Q2 of 2025, down 2.5% YoY. For the first half of the year, revenue grew by 
9.3% to Rs. 125,843 million. The decline in Q2 was primarily due to a 3% drop in 
consolidated sales volume, which stood at 389.7 million cases. 
In India, volumes were impacted by abnormally high and unseasonal rainfall all 
through the quarter, resulting in a 7.1% decline in India. However, this was partially 
offset by healthy growth in international markets where volumes grew 15.1% led by 
a growth of 16.1% in South Africa.  
Net realization per case at the consolidated level improved marginally by 0.5% 
supported by a favorable mix in the international markets per case realization 
recorded a 6.6% increase. CSD accounted for 75% of the total volumes in Q2 of the 
CY2025 with packaged drinking water contributing 18% and NCB making up the 
remaining 7%.  
Gross margins remain steady at 54.5% reflecting a balanced product mix and cost 
discipline. EBITDA stood at Rs. 19,987.7 million with EBITDA margin improving by 
82 basis points YoY to 28.5% in Q2 of 2025, driven by operational efficiencies and a 
strong currency in international operations. This margin expansion is a pleasant 
development considering the higher fixed overheads from the commissioning of four 
new Greenfield plants at Prayagraj (UP), Damtal (Himachal Pradesh), Buxar (Bihar), 
and Mendipathar (Meghalaya). 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
These plants significantly enhance our production capabilities and supply chain 
agility, laying a strong foundation to capitalize on long-term growth opportunities in 
the Indian beverage market. The four newly commissioned plants have been 
established to reinforce our growth priorities in high potential and under-penetrated 
regions while improving operational and logistics efficiency. 
With multi-line configurations across CSD, JBD and water categories, these large-
scale facilities provide the flexibility and scale needed to meet rising demand and 
capture market share gain over the coming years. As we ramp up volumes, the fixed 
costs associated with these new facilities will be better absorbed, further supporting 
margin stability and operational leverage.  
PAT grew by 5% to the level of Rs. 13,254.9 million, supported by improved 
operational efficiencies and lower finance costs. Depreciation increased by 26.3% 
due to the commissioning of the new plants in India and DRC, along with Brownfield 
expansion in other geographies. Finance costs have been reduced significantly with 
the Indian business now net debt-free following the QIP proceeds and the remaining 
costs largely attributable to South Africa including lease adjustments under the Ind 
AS 116.  
For the first half of the year, EBITDA increased by 9.5% to the level of Rs. 32,627 
million and the PAT rose by 13.6% to the level of Rs. 20,568 million. Low or no added 
sugar products contributed around 55% of the consolidated volumes in H1 2025, 
reflecting our continued efforts to evolve with consumer preferences. 
In H1 2025, we capitalized net assets of approximately 25,000 million, which 
included investments in the four Greenfield plants across India, Brownfield 
expansion in Sricity and strategic projects in DRC, Morocco, and South Africa. 
Additional CAPEX was allocated towards visi-coolers, returnable glass bottles, 
pallets and logistics infrastructure to strengthen our on-ground execution. 
As of June 30th, 2025, capital working progress stood at Rs. 6,000 million, primarily 
for Phase II of the Greenfield expansion in India and the upcoming snacks facility in 
Zimbabwe.  
Working capital days remained broadly stable at approximately 35 days compared 
to last year's 33 days, supported by disciplined inventory and receivables 
management, despite high-capacity additions and an expanded operating footprint 
across both domestic and international markets.  
Looking ahead, we remain focused on driving growth by leveraging our enhanced 
capacities, diversified portfolio, and strengthened distribution network. The 
commissioning of new facilities, expansion into high potential markets, and sustained 
investments in distribution assets like visi-coolers position us well to capture demand 
recovery in the coming years. We are confident that these strategic initiatives 
combined with operational discipline, will enable us to deliver consistent growth and 
create long-term value for our stakeholders.  
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and invite the moderator to open the floor 
for questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Abneesh Roy: 
I have two questions. My first question is on the other cost and general comment on 
the cost. The cost controls this quarter has been very good. The specific question is 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
other cost is down around 11% YoY. I think one-third of this component is basically 
the freight cost, etc. If you could explain how you have controlled this cost and is this 
sustainable going forward?  
Varun Jaipuria: 
What we have done in terms of freight cost optimization, we have consolidated a lot 
of distributors of ours, which has helped us send larger load sizes and has helped 
us in the freight cost per case.  
 
At the same time, we have opened larger plants as well which are closer to markets. 
So, that has again helped us in reducing freight costs because the distances have 
come down. These are two major things what we have done in terms of cost 
reduction and in terms of freight optimization.  
The other thing what we have done is a lot of manpower cost optimization. We have 
re-looked at all our routes, and rationalised manpower more effectively.  
 
When it comes to power and fuel, we have got newer lines what we have put up. The 
newer lines’ efficiencies are much higher, so your cost to produce is much lower. 
And of course, we have added more renewable energy as well in-line with our 
sustainability agenda. I think these 3-4 elements in a larger way have helped us to 
reduce our cost and will help us going forward as well.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
And this is all sustainable and will continue going forward.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Second question is on the demand side. Yes, this quarter, April-May-
June, all summer categories have suffered. We have seen AC companies report 
20%-25% decline. Even in FMCG, cooling summer categories have suffered.  
 
My question is now on the outlook front. You have mentioned one interesting 
comment that because of these challenging scenarios, you always come out 
stronger. I wanted to understand now, September quarter, again, the base is 
favorable at around 5% to 6%, in fact, next two quarters. But September quarter in 
the scenario of high rain, which currently I think every forecaster is expecting that 
and till now we have seen high rain. How have you seen the demand till now for the 
start of the quarter and how do you see in this quarter can you benefit because of 
the soft base also?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The real answer would depend on the rain gods, which is very difficult to predict. The 
rainy season has been quite prevalent in July and it's not been the best of the 
seasons. But overall, we are looking quite positively because last year was not a 
very good quarter. Hopefully with slight breaks in the weather, we will do well. And 
otherwise, you know, we are well poised for growth, things are looking good and our 
products are doing well.  
 
Also, if it rains earlier, things get better in the second half. Our costs are under 
control, plants are up and running, and everything else is on track. A little bit weather 
break will do extremely well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Vivek M. from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Vivek M.: 
Hi, good afternoon, team. A couple of things. First, you mentioned about the cost 
savings in this quarter and India business. And I know every call we are discussing 
competition quite a bit, but do you think in the context of high competition, there is a 
merit in plowing back some of the savings in the form of generating consumer 
demand. I know the quarter was marked by these unseasonal rains, but how do you 
think about it from a more medium-term perspective?  

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Vivek, consumer demand is there and that is not a real challenge for us. We have 
increased our go-to market as we are adding more chilling equipment, which is visi-
coolers, and our routes to go-to-market. The only dampening part in this quarter has 
been the rains, which is totally unpredictable and was much heavier than it has 
normally been in this quarter in the past. We don't see any other challenge at this 
moment. Of course, competition is there, however they will get their share, and we 
will get ours.  
Vivek M.: 
Right. But you know, Mr. Jaipuria, in the context of, let's say, the rising competition 
and whatever media is talking about significant CAPEX investments by the new 
player, your margins are, let's say, 1st Quarter are fairly high at operating level. Do 
you still think that these margins are sustainable, or you see a need to, as you go 
forward, as the competition further picks up. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We always have guided consolidated margins at 21% and never guided beyond that. 
However, we have shown better results. We are quite clear on the margins and the 
challenges we are going to have, that is why we are becoming more and more 
nimble. We are cutting costs where it needs to be. We are making sure our plants 
are more productive. The newer plants are efficient and closer to the distributors, we 
are saving in efficiencies and freight cost. Plus, the company is totally debt-free, there 
is no interest cost. Rather we are actually earning interest on the funds which are 
lying in the bank. In all aspects, we are much more stronger, and we don't see any 
reason why these margins should come down.  
Vivek M.: 
And just a last follow-up to this. I completely understand and respect the part that 
you have always maintained margins at a level which is lower than where you are 
at. Do you think that gets reset or the current margins get reset to those levels given 
the pickup in competition? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Why do you want us to keep saying what we have been repeating, Vivek. You know, 
the reality is what we are showing. We are always trying to attain better than what 
we say, and that is where we want to keep ourselves.  
Vivek M.: 
And the second question is, how has been the response to Sting Gold? And where 
are you in the distribution journey over there?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, these are new products some of them work very well and some don't. Sting 
Gold has got a mixed reaction, it's not been anywhere close to our Sting Red. But 
certain markets have accepted it and certain markets have not accepted it.  
Varun Jaipuria: 
And just to add Vivek, the last Quarter is the main quarter we have. And looking at 
the unseasonal rains, we want to keep pushing Sting Gold again for the next two 
quarters. We think we will have a better and clearer picture in terms of where that 
stand.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, this quarter numbers are obviously weak due to unanticipated rain. In some way, 
it is also shadowing the distribution expansion that we must have done ahead of this 
season. I just wanted to check if you could throw some light on how many retail 
outlets are we catering as of now and what is the target ahead of next year's season?  
Varun Jaipuria: 
Currently, Devanshu, we are reaching out at about 4 million outlets. This year the 
goal was to increase it by another 10%, by about 300,000 to 400,000 outlets. Given 
that when it rains, the rural demand goes down and there are a lot of temporary 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
outlets which do not open. We hope post-Quarter 2 we will be able to achieve that 
number. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, maybe we may end towards like 4.3 - 4.4, right, by this year's time?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Maybe a little less. We might not have been able to achieve exactly what we wanted 
because of the unseasonal rains.  
Varun Jaipuria: 
But it would be more of industry phenomena at the same time, Devanshu. The 
temporary outlets in rural which usually open, those might not be there this season. 
Hence, you will see that gap at the outlet level of the industry as well.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough. Thanks, Varun. Sir, the capacity utilization would be currently lower, sir. 
I wanted to check if you could sort of indicate the CAPEX intensity in the coming 2-
3 years. So, that would be helpful.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are close to 70% capacity utilization, and we believe we have enough room for 
the next 2 years at least. Our CAPEX in Indian markets would be much lower, we 
don't think our CAPEX would be much except in the international markets,  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Any quantitative number or maybe in percentage of sales or? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
In India, we are not looking at more than Rs. 600 - 700 crore for next year. In 
international markets, we do not have the exact numbers, but we are looking to 
expand in South Africa and some other countries.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, the last question I have on balance sheet front, there is some Rs. 1,000 crore of 
additional investments that we have made in overseas operations. I wanted to check 
by when these international operations will be able to sort of sustain their growth with 
their own internal accrual. Just some thoughts around that, maybe geography-wise, 
some geographies will already be doing. But if you could indicate either via 
geographies or on an overall level, till when do we need to sort of help those 
geographies sustain their growth?  
Raj Gandhi: 
In fact, the amount reflected as capital was originally extended as loans to DRC, 
Dubai, Zambia and South Africa operations. These loans have now been converted 
into equity to strengthen their respective balance sheets. So, it is not that we had to 
send fresh funds now to sustain their operations. They are doing well already. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, even if I add back, sorry for continuing on this, but Rs. 3,400 crore was total loan 
and investment. This time around, it is around Rs. 4,500 crore. So, net-net, it is Rs. 
1,000 crore of investment that is spent, right? If I am reading it correctly.  
Raj Gandhi: 
We are currently undertaking three key projects. In DRC backward integration 
project; in South Africa, we are adding one can line and acquiring a new plot; and for 
snacks we have already commissioned a plant in Morocco in the last quarter, 
Zimbabwe snack foods plant is currently under implementation. On the capital 
account, the broad point is that it was only a conversion of loans into equity and  
funding of capex of these three projects.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Could you give us some outlook on 3 or 4 international territories, geographies that 
you operate in Zimbabwe, Morocco, DRC, and South Africa? And also, I believe that 
the snacks plant in Morocco has probably started commissioned a little bit ahead of 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
expectations. So, how should we think about the revenue trajectory from that 
portfolio and the other two plants in the other two geographies on the snacks side? 
And especially because Zimbabwe was quite weak over the last 3-4 quarters since 
introduction of sugar tax. So, is the demand in the beverages portfolio there sort of 
stabilizing now? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Regarding Zimbabwe, the demand has started to stabilize. Our volumes are coming 
back to original volumes, we hope by the end of this quarter it will start growing. On 
the snacks side, the plant in Morocco has already started in June last month and the 
initial response is very good. The plant in Zimbabwe is going to start in October, 
however we have already started distribution for snacks in Zambia and Zimbabwe 
markets.   
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And volume growth for beverages portfolio in the other markets, DRC and Morocco, 
if you could give us some color on how should we think about at a full year level, this 
calendar year?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Morocco, South-Africa, and Zambia are doing quite well. DRC is a new plant, and 
this is the first year, we need to wait and see. But overall, all the international 
territories are doing well.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead.  
Percy Panthaki: 
I was just looking at the India numbers. So, there is a 7% volume decline and a 9% 
value decline, which is that the derived ASP is negative by 2%. Any idea why this is 
happening?  
Varun Jaipuria: 
The reason this has happened in the current quarter is to make sure that the route 
probability for a distributor comes up and he ends up running the route, which usually 
does happen during the off-season period. Also, we have consciously pushed water 
a little bit more. So, that is why our water mix has gone up by 2% as well if you see 
for this quarter and realization is down a little bit. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And within the CSD portfolio, is it that there is a change YoY in terms of the large 
pack versus small pack salience? Like when people are stepping out of form less, I 
would assume that the decline in the small packs would have been larger than the 
decline in the large packs. And the large packs would also be at a lower ASP. So, is 
that also one of the reasons why the overall ASP is negative?  
Varun Jaipuria: 
Not really. We think it is the opposite. The smaller packs are still doing well because 
of the price point at which we are selling. It is the larger pack which have declined, 
because of unseasonal rains, events, weddings and outdoor functions that have 
probably happened less. Our small pack continues to do much better than the large 
pack and that is the industry norm.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And on water, at an end consumer level, would I be right in assuming that the 
demand for water would be more affected because it is almost an entirely out-of-
home consumption product, unlike CSD, which has some in-home portion, and 
therefore, the increased salience of water is mainly just a pipelining issue which will 
reverse next quarter?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, it is not a pipeline issue. It is a question of how much we want to push water. So, 
in water, the overall market is much bigger than what we are selling. It is only how 
much percentage we want to push water.  

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Varun Jaipuria: 
See, water is simply a commodity. The cheaper you go on water, you get into 
competing with a lot of brands locals and regional. It really depends how much you 
want to discount on water. It’s nothing to do with the reason what you had mentioned.  
Percy Panthaki: 
But given that your margins are not impacted, I am assuming that you have not taken 
the discounting route, right?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We have given a little bit of support to the distributors, which does not overall impact 
the margins. We normally don't do it in the season, however this quarter because of 
the weakening of the season, we have supported our distributors.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Percy, in fact in the rainy season the out of home consumption goes up for water, as 
people prefer to consume clean and hygienic water to avoid infections. Also there is 
a small realization difference overall and  we should not read too much between the 
lines.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly, just wanted to understand on the international. So, if I derive the 
international by doing a consol minus standalone, the sales growth is 23% and the 
EBITDA growth is 45%. So, what is driving? Which region is driving the high 23% 
kind of sales growth? And also, where is the margin expansion coming from? 
Because the EBITDA growth is double that of the sales growth.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Percy, one is that backward integration which has started at three locations, Zambia, 
DRC, and Morocco. We have already done a lot on backward integration in India, 
internationally it’s just the beginning, and the benefits are starting to flow in. Further 
as volumes continue to grow, they naturally support margin expansion. Additionally 
the currency stabilization in international markets has also supported us in the 
current quarter.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Also, to add sugar prices were lower in the international market which have helped.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And the 23% sales growth, which geography is driving that mainly?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Except Zimbabwe all the geographies are doing well. Zimbabwe has dipped down 
temporarily because of the sugar tax and increase in prices, however it has already 
started to bounce back.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Also to add, the growth in South Africa was higher than the average for the 
international markets.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Basically you are saying 20% plus kind of growth is a normal even going forward for 
international geography.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are not saying that. But we keep trying.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Soman: 
Sir, two questions from me. Firstly, on this cost reduction, is there any element of 
reduction in marketing spends in India? And in terms of the volume mix in India, is 
there any meaningful change other than the increase in water salience that you 
talked about? Is there any change in the other products?  
Varun Jaipuria: 
See the ATL marketing is done by Pepsi and BTL marketing is what we do. There is 
no change in terms of what marketing spends we do, because this usually happen 
by March before the season comes in. The marketing spends are as per what the 
budget was and there was no reduction. 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
 
On the other hand, we are obviously working very closely with PepsiCo to grow 
categories. The hydration category under Nimbooz has done very well for us, despite 
the unseasonal rains we have been pushing that. Further we have added new flavors 
in our value-added dairy category, which is our own brand. We have been building 
on that brand for the last few years and have added more capacity last year. So, that 
has done very, very well. Also, the Energy category is holding on and we are not 
seeing any dips in energy. Overall, all these categories are outshining and doing well 
for us.  
Aditya Soman: 
Thanks, Varun. Very clear. And  just to clarify, on the margin, so there is no reduction 
in the BTL spend, right?  
Varun Jaipuria: 
No, there isn't.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. Please go ahead.  
Onkar Ghugardare: 
If you look at the newly commissioned four capacities which you are talking about, 
how much would be the total capacity, if you can quantify, excluding the newly 
commissioned four capacity plants we are talking about, excluding the capacity.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
As we just said, we are about 70% utilization of the capacity. So, we have enough 
headroom for the next couple of years. We don't need any major CAPEX in India.  
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Just wanted to get a sense like how much these new capacities have contributed in 
Q1.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, these plants came up by April-May, there is very little it has contributed. These 
lines are actually now available for next season because this season was not very 
strong anyway. We have reasonably enough capacity.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Basically, if overall our volume stays the same and new facilities come up, instead 
of either focusing on everything shifting to new plants or staying with the earlier 
plants, we have rationalized our freight, other expenses and used these facilities to 
bring in other savings which is reflected in our P&L.  
Onkar Ghugardare: 
The second question is on the cash, like what would be the utilization of that? Would 
they be used for adding new markets or acquiring companies? Or like you have 
already said that not that much of CAPEX will be for the Indian market. So, how they 
will be used?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are looking for new acquisitions, and we are very actively looking at it and also 
expansion in the international market.  
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Mostly it will be utilized for the new acquisitions in the overseas markets, right?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Acquisition and expansion in the existing markets internationally.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Sheela Rathi: 
Sir, to the previous participant’s question, you said that we will be looking for more 
international expansions, probably international M&A, and within India, we are not 
seeking any CAPEX at this point of time.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
There will be some CAPEX, depending on the location, but major CAPEX will not be 
there for the next year or two years in India.  

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Sheela Rathi: 
And the question I have is that are there any opportunities which lie ahead of us in 
the India market from an investment standpoint? Just trying to get your thoughts here 
as to what lies ahead within the India business model.  
 
And my second question is that while we have always believed in building our own 
capacities, if there is an opportunity to rely on a third-party bottler in certain markets, 
do we choose that route? So, these are my two questions.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we have not chosen the route of third-party manufacture as of now. And at this 
moment we are not looking at it. We are looking at expansion and acquiring new 
territories or new businesses outside India. In India, there is very little room to expand 
now, because capacity-wise, we have enough capacity, except that it could be in one 
region that suddenly we are short and we don't want to pay extra freight. We will 
continue to expand our renewable energy, where we can further save, but other than 
that, no.  
Sheela Rathi: 
And sir, just one question, because you have talked in detail about how we are 
working on our GTM strategy. Just on the visi-cooler side, is there a number to keep 
in mind in terms of what is the kind of expansion we should see in this particular 
calendar year?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We have expanded our Visi placements. Our Visi placements have gone up by 
approx. 15% from last year. And I think we will continue at this pace going forward.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Sheela, in fact, you should see that today we made an announcement of forming a 
JV with Everest cooler for manufacturing of Visi-coolers in-house. If we have such 
kind of availability, we will definitely try to use that in expansion of our business.  
Sheela Rathi: 
And that will be for India as well.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
As we have already announced that we have already taken 50% equity in the Sri 
Lankan plant of Everest. We are going to start using that facility for our South and 
West territories.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to the Management Team for closing comments.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you once 
again for your interest and support and for taking the time to join us on this call. Look 
forward to interacting with you soon. Thank you very much.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
