 
 
 
Date: 05 August 2025 
 
To 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai – 
400 001 
To 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code : 540902 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
Symbol : AMBER 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on 30 July 2025 for discussing the unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended 30 June 2025 
(‘Q1FY26’) 
 
This is further to our letter dated 25 July 2025 intimating the details of Earnings Call with Investor/Analyst 
(Participants) to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company 
for the quarter ended 30 June 2025, (‘Q1FY26’) held on Wednesday, 30 July 2025 at 9:30 A.M. IST. 
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the Earnings Call Transcript. The same is also available on the 
Company's website at https://www.ir.ambergroupindia.com/news-events/investor-events/ for your 
information and for information of members / participants and public at large. 
 
This information is submitted to you pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.  
 
Kindly take the same into your records and oblige. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully 
For Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
 
(Konica Yaadav) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No. : A30322
 
Konica 
Yaadav
Digitally signed by 
Konica Yaadav 
Date: 2025.08.05 
17:15:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Amber Enterprises India Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 30th July 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JASBIR SINGH – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR 
 
MR. DALJIT SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SUDHIR GOYAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. RAVI KHARBANDA - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MR. ROHIT SINGH - HEAD OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Conference Call of Amber 
Enterprises India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that your conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jasbir Singh, Executive Chairman and CEO and Whole-
Time Director of Amber Enterprises India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Hello, and good morning. On the call today, I'm joined by Mr. Daljit Singh, our Managing 
Director; Mr. Sudhir Goyal, our Group CFO. We have uploaded quarterly presentation on the 
exchanges, and I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the same. I'm pleased to report 
robust performance during the quarter, driven by growth in all the 3 divisions, despite a 
challenging season for the room AC industry.  
The consolidated revenue grew by 44%, reaching to INR3,449 crores for the quarter and 
operating EBITDA grew by 31% to INR263 crores and PAT of INR106 crores, recording a 42% 
growth over previous year. The operating EBITDA margin was impacted due to divisional mix 
and product mix. However, we expect the consolidated margins to be in the range of 8% to 9% 
by FY '26 end. 
 
Let me now take you through the divisional performances. On the Consumer Durables, this 
division continued the growth momentum in line with our earlier guidance of outpacing the 
industry for the year. The growth is driven by the following factors: A diversified product 
offering, adding wallet share in some customers, expanding component business, conversion of 
earlier gas charging customers into full ODM customers and robust growth in our commercial 
AC vertical. We also onboarded one more multinational customer in commercial AC vertical 
during quarter 1, which will contribute a decent growth in quarter 4 and thereafter. 
Further, we have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with GMCC, the largest compressor 
manufacturer of the world, ensuring compressor supplies for 3 years as per our plans. Based on 
our cooperation agreement, GMCC is expanding its capacities in India. This expansion will be 
operational by November of this year. 
We continue to remain optimistic about outperforming the RAC industry growth by a factor of 
10% to 12% for the year, supported by our strong portfolio of finished goods and components 
to a diversified customer base.  
Additionally, on the washing machine front, quality control orders is getting implemented by 
October 2025 on this product. We are now revisiting this strategy, considering the capex required 
due to this quality control order of washing machines. 
 
Coming to Electronics division. The division continued the stellar growth trajectory, almost 
doubling the revenues to INR766 crores, reflecting growth of 97% and resultant operating 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
EBITDA of INR49 crores with growth of 62%. The performance is driven by both printed circuit 
board assemblies and bare printed circuit board vertical spanning across the customer segments 
in consumer durables, hearable and wearable, telecom, automotive, energy meters and defense.  
On the strategic front, we have filed 2 applications under the Electronics Manufacturing 
Component Scheme, one for multilayer PCBs through Ascent Circuits of INR990 crores to be 
spent over the span of the scheme. Second, HDI, high-density interface PCBs through Korea 
Circuit JV for INR3,200 crores to be spent in phased manner over the scheme.  
The JV will cater to HDI and flex PCBs, bringing advanced technology in country, which so far 
has heavily relied on imports. And the buyback arrangement with Korea Circuits offers us early 
visibility on the revenue.  
On the strategic front, I'm pleased to share that IL JIN Electronics has signed 2 definitive 
agreements, one with Power-One Micro Systems, Bangalore; and second, Unitronics Israel, 
strengthening the industrial segment of the electronics portfolio. 
Talking about the Power-One first. It's prominent player in rapidly growing battery energy 
storage systems, solar inverter space, including on-grid, off-grid and hybrid solar inverters, EV 
chargers and industrial UPS, catering to customers in large public sector units and large 
corporates.  
The Industrial segment complements to our well-spread portfolio of electronic division. From 
the financial standpoint, it's a debt-free company and clocked impressive EBITDA margin of 
17% to 18% on the revenue base of approximately INR245 crores in FY '25 and is expected to 
reach INR325 crores in revenue in FY '26. 
 
This partnership enables the following: direct synergy to our Electronics division. It adds a 
portfolio of high-margin power electronics and energy sector modules. Given the multibillion-
dollar TAM of this sector, it is highly scalable business. We shall be leveraging the group's 
purchasing power and also the capabilities of the component ecosystem such as printed circuit 
board assemblies, printed circuit board and sheet metal fabrication, enabling it to backward 
integrate and manufacture at scale. In Tranche 1, we will pay INR262 crores plus a deferred 
consideration basis on FY '26 numbers. We expect the closure of this transaction within the next 
15 to 20 days. 
 
Moving to Unitronics Israel. It's an Israel-based listed company and a prominent lead player 
offering comprehensive solutions in industrial automation and control systems such as 
programmable logical controllers, human machine interface (HMIs), PLCs integrated with 
HMIs, VFDs and software solutions.  
On the financial front, Unitronics command an impressive EBITDA margin profile of about 
30% on the revenue base of approximately $57 million, deriving almost 95% of the business 
from U.S. and European region. Furthermore, it is a dividend-paying company, almost debt-free 
company and generating business ROCE of 60%. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
This partnership enables the following for us: entry into rapidly growing sector of industry 
automation and control systems, access to global markets like U.S. and Europe, expansion of 
Unitronics products in the Indian market, leveraging backward integration of printed circuit 
board assemblies and bare PCB boards and leveraging the purchasing power of the group. The 
total consideration converted into Indian rupee is expected to be around INR403 crores for 
approximately 40.24% controlling stake. We plan to close the transaction in the next 60 to 75 
days. 
 
To sum up, both the companies operate in fast-growing niches of industrial electronics 
applications, complementing with the strategy of strengthening the industrial portfolio and have 
rich margin profile, which will enhance the divisional profitability and returns. And these 
partnerships will augment the domestic manufacturing in the country aligned with Atmanirbhar 
Bharat vision. Both these add-ons balances volume and value play in our Electronics division.  
The Electronics division which began by addressing the shift from fixed speed to inverter air 
conditioners in 2018 and is now evolving into a full stack EMS company. It features printed 
circuit board assemblies vertical serving diverse customer segments and a bare printed circuit 
board vertical offering a range of products, including HDI, Flex PCBs and substrates. 
 
Furthermore, the division has expanded its capabilities to include complete box-build products 
into multibillion-dollar power electronics, energy market and automation market for industrial 
applications. With all the add-ups, we intend to take Electronics division to $1 billion by next 3 
years with target EBITDA of 11.5% to 12% range. 
 
Coming to Railway division. This division delivered a strong performance due to offtake in the 
metro projects. The division recorded revenue of INR123 crores, registering strong growth of 
29% and operating EBITDA of INR22 crores, reflecting growth of 8%. On the expansion front, 
the construction is progressing well for Sidwal's greenfield facility for HVAC, pantry, doors and 
gangways and expected to commence operations by quarter 4 of financial year '26. 
 
With regards to Yujin Machinery joint venture, new facility for pantographs, driving gear 
couplers and brakes is to begin product trials by September of '25. Our data center products 
developed by this division have also started gaining traction.  
Special cooling products for missile launchers and other defense applications are also gaining 
traction and are expected to contribute meaningfully in the coming years. Backed by the strong 
order book and product portfolio expansion, we remain optimistic of doubling the division's 
revenue over next 2 financial years. 
 
Now let me hand over to Sudhir Goyal, our CFO, for financial highlights. Thank you. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Hello, everyone. Good morning. I'm pleased to report a strong performance for quarter 1 
financial year '26. Let me first take you through the quarterly consolidated financial highlights.  
The consolidated revenue for quarter 1 '26 grew by 44% year-on-year to INR3,449 crores 
compared to INR2,401 crores in the same quarter last year and operating EBITDA increased to 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
INR263 crores for the quarter compared to INR200 crores in quarter 1 financial year '25, 
reflecting a significant growth of 31% year-on-year. Please note, operating EBITDA is before 
impact of ESOP expenses and other non-operating income and expenses. We recorded PAT of 
INR106 crores, reflecting a growth of 42% year-on-year. 
 
Now let me take you through the divisional performance overview. Firstly, revenue and 
operating EBITDA details of the divisional performance are not comparable with published 
segmental results. 
The Consumer Durable division reported revenue of INR2,560 crores in quarter 1 financial year 
'26 compared to INR1,918 crores, reflecting a growth of 33% year-on-year despite the 
challenging season for RAC industry.  
Strong performance was achieved on the back of a strong product portfolio, including RAC and 
CAC and continued traction in component vertical. Operating EBITDA for the quarter increased 
by 28% year-on-year and stood at INR192 crores compared to INR150 crores in quarter 1 
financial year '25. 
 
Coming to the Electronics division performance. The revenue for the quarter increased to 
INR766 crores compared to INR388 crores in the same quarter last year, reflecting a robust 
growth of 97% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA for the quarter increased by 62% year-on-year 
and stood at INR49 crores compared to INR30 crores in quarter 1 financial year '25. If we look 
at the performance of Ascent, it recorded a revenue of INR100 crores in quarter 1 '26, 
highlighting a growth of 37% against quarter 1 financial year '25. 
 
Moving to Railway Systems and Defense divisional performance. The revenue for the quarter 
increased to INR123 crores compared to INR95 crores in quarter 1 financial year '25, reflecting 
a growth of 29% year-on-year and the resulting operating EBITDA of INR22 crores, translating 
into a growth of 8% year-on-year. The business delivered strong performance, particularly in 
metro projects. With a robust order book and an expanding product portfolio, we remain 
confident in doubling the division's revenue over the next 2 financial years. 
 
In summary, with all the key divisional performance strongly, consumer durable delivering 
robust growth driven by deepening customer engagement and traction in new categories, 
electronics continuing its strong growth in trajectory and the Railway Subsystem and Defense 
division portfolio expansion, the company is well positioned for a strong growth phase. This 
growth momentum, coupled with strategic actions like bare PCB expansion and inorganic 
growth is expected to drive significant growth and lead to a structural improvement in our margin 
profile over the coming years. 
 
Thank you. And now I request operator to please open the floor for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, first question on your opening remarks, you 
mentioned that you're looking at Electronics business touching $1 billion revenue in the next 3 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
to 4 years. So just wanted to understand how much of it will be driven by acquisitions? How 
much by the bare PCB and PCBAs? And broadly, just want some color on how are you thinking 
about the individual scalability of these various components of the Electronics segment? That's 
my first question. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Dhruv, thanks for the compliment. On Electronics division, see, it's a very big TAM today. If I 
tell you about the manufacturing footprint TAM of room air conditioning industry, that is about 
$5 billion today as a current year, right?  
But when we talk about PCB TAM, which is about $4 billion, PCBA is about $12 billion to $15 
billion today under the $135 billion of electronics getting consumed in the country. Then we 
have added UPS inverter and battery storage space, which is another TAM of $4.75 billion. And 
plus, we have added VFD drives and HMIs and PLCs, which is about $6.5 billion TAM. 
 
So we've jumped into ocean on the addressable market side for the products which we are 
offering now in the electronics space. PCBA, PCB, the industrial parts of HMI and PLCs and 
drives and the UPS and battery energy storage. It's about $22 billion to $25 billion TAM. So I 
think looking into that whole number of today, going to next 3 to 4 years, this will be almost 
double.  
So out of that $1 billion achieving I think it's very much visible, the kind of customer profile 
which we have built. On a $1 billion kind of a thing, we should be about INR2,200 crores or 
INR2,500 crores in the PCB front by that time and largely driven by PCB applications and the 
industrial portfolio, which is HMI, PLCs and inverters plus the other one should be contributing 
around INR1,300 crores to INR1,400 crores by that time. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is on the consumer durables vertical. So we have seen that 
Amber has significantly outperformed the industry in this quarter. And while you maintain that 
10% to 12% outperformance for the full year, some -- I mean, some brands are talking about 
inventory buildup in the channel at this point of time. So do you see that your business in the 
durables segment sort of slows down in the second and third quarter given the fact that there is 
still some inventory in the system? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Dhruv, on the inventory numbers, generally, the inventories are 1.4 million to 1.5 million. That's 
the standard inventories which the industry carries on. But now the numbers which we have is 
about 2.5 million to 3 million. I mean different research reports are stating different numbers, 
but that is the inventory. So it's almost double the inventory what is normally kept by the brands 
because of the bad season or things.  
So what we are saying is that whatever the industry will be, normally, quarter 2 and quarter 3 
are anyway the lean season for this industry. That's a historic trend in this -- quarter 1 and quarter 
4 are the large quarters, which contributes about 65% of the revenue. I think depending on how 
the offtake will be in the festivities and in the quarter 3, that will define where the industry is 
going to head towards. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
And whatever the industry will head, if it is flattish, we expect that we should be about 15% 
growth level. If it is negative, we will outnumber that number. And if it is positive by 10%, we 
should be there because nobody can predict where the quarter 4 and how good or bad the season 
will be.  
But what I would like to tell all of you is that in last 25 years of my experience, we have seen 7 
bad seasons plus 2 COVID seasons, which were impacted in the March of 2020 and March of 
2021. So we have witnessed the disruption because of bad season plus COVID, 9 years, 9 
seasons out of 25. 25 years back, the industry was 0.5 million mark. Today, industry is 15 million 
mark. So despite of this, I would only request all of you not to see the room air conditioner stocks 
from a quarterly number. You will end up buying at a wrong quarter and selling at a wrong 
quarter. It is to be seen from a long-term perspective. 
 
One bad season is not an impediment for the longer-term outlook of this sector. We are very 
bullish. We are very optimistic. I believe personally and my team also believes. And if you map 
the number of current households, the division of HNIs, middle class, lower middle class and 
BPL families, this complete curve is shifting in the next 5 years in the households.  
You can map the number. The number of 15 million should be about 35 million by 2030. So that 
talks about 2.5x kind of a thing for -- of course, there will be 1 or 2 bad seasons during the time. 
But on the longer outlook, we are very optimistic. 
Dhruv Jain: 
If I may, can I squeeze in one small thing? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. We request you to return to the question queue for follow-up questions as 
there are several participants waiting in for their turn. The next question is from the line of 
Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Many congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, first question related to the consumer 
durable. And in the consumer durable, you had also an indication of a commercial AC. There is 
a good expansion. So is it possible to quantify like any indication how much of the contribution 
that has reached to? Second question is, sir, related to the acquisition of Power-One. If you can 
give INR250-odd crores of revenue bifurcation in terms of the product mix, where it's largely 
coming from? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So on the commercial AC front, we don't want to give a number because it keeps on changing, 
but it's growing pretty well. It has grown more than 40% for us because we've added product 
line. Now we can cater entire range from 3 tonnes to 17.5 tonnes, both in ductable and the 
packaged parts. Plus we also added cassette air conditioners and tower air conditioners, which 
are add-on, and we are now launching 2 more products by quarter 4. So -- but it is growing pretty 
well. I think that's given us a good growth story for -- good add-on what we've done in the sector. 
 
On the Power-One front, on the Power-One, your second question, basically, we will not be able 
to give the whole bifurcation of this. What we have the number is that they are targeting INR325 
crores. Last year, it was INR245 crores. So it's going on a good growth. Looking into the solar 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
installations and the requirement for battery energy storage space, I think this company has a 
very big potential of growing almost more than 40% for next 3, 4 years. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Largely in the solar segment only, whether it's solar inverter or EV charger kind of... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. We request that you return to the question queue for follow-up as there 
are several participants waiting for their turn. Our next question is from the line of Vipraw 
Srivastava from PhillipCapital. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Yes. Just quickly, firstly, on the EMS industry. So obviously, the long-term growth trigger is 
there, and we remain bullish on that. But sir, for this year, FY '26, what kind of growth you are 
seeing? Should we continue with the quarter 1 run rate or you are seeing any ramp-up in the 
coming quarters for the Electronics division? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, see, in the Electronics division, largely right now, if you see the split, we are about 60%, 
58% to 60% is still the consumer durable. And in consumer durable, the quarter 2 and quarter 3 
are generally the lean seasons. So I don't think that we will be able to maintain this run rate of 
100% growth for quarter 2. 
But on the overall year basis, yes, we are heading towards a very, very good growth because the 
automotive segment has started kicking in. Telecom has gained traction. Hearable wearable has 
gained traction. The smart meters is up and running. We believe that by year end, by year-end, 
we should be bringing the banking of consumer durable to as low as 45% and in the next 3 years 
to as low as 25%, while growing the other segments. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Got it, sir. Sir, second question quickly on the financials. So in the segmental breakup, the other 
unallocable expenditure has gone up. Reason for that? And secondly, why is the tax rate so high? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Other unallocable expenses has gone high? 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Decline, sir, sorry, my bad. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Okay. So I think we'll talk on this separately. I need to check on this. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
And sir, why is the tax rate so high 30%? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So since we have some MAT credit available with us, so in the main entity, we are still using 
the old regime of the taxation, which is 35%. And plus we are getting some additional benefit 
on the additional depreciation. So we are largely calculating our taxes based on the actual net 
cash outflow in taxes. So we will shift to the new regime once all that benefit has gone away. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonali from Jefferies. 
Sonali: 
A big congratulations to the team for such a stellar set of results. Sir, my first question is 
regarding the 2 applications that you have filed under ECMS, one worth about INR10 billion, 
one worth about INR32 billion via JV.  

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Could you please help us understand the capex requirements for this over the period of next 5 to 
6 years? And also how much of that do you expect to be subsidized from both the central and 
the state government? So in and I want to understand what's our capex outlook for FY '26, '27? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Thank you, Sonali. Basically, on the 2 applications, first one is Ascent Circuits, we filed INR990 
crores to be spent over a period of scheme, out of which the first phase we've already announced 
last year, INR650 crores, which is getting implemented and executed this year at new facility in 
Hosur. Second is -- the remaining portion of that, we will be investing after 3 years. 
Second application we have filed is the joint venture with the Korea Circuits, which is INR3,200 
crores. In that, the first phase will be INR1,200 crores in the very first year, which will be -- we 
expect that the scheme, the announcements of -- the approval from the applications filed will be 
done by maximum October or November by government and then 15 more months for start of 
production.  
So the real, I think, output -- tangible output from this new JV will start coming in maybe quarter 
4 of FY '27. And this is the first phase is INR1,200 crores. Then after 2 years, another INR1,200 
crores. And then last year, which is about fifth year, will be another remaining portion. 
 
Now coming to the incentive scheme. In HDI, 48% will be given back by the Ministry of 
Electronics and IT. And we have negotiated 42% of the incentives by the state governments, 
which is to be reimbursed over a period of the scheme. 
So nutshell, but there is a catch here. The MeitY scheme is only applicable on the plant and 
machinery. The state government schemes are available only on building, plant and machinery. 
So on a net basis, if you will see, we will be able to get back almost about 70% of the net invested 
capital. But this is not a pari passu scheme. First, we will have to arrange funds and organize 
and implement, execute and then apply for this.  
Out of 48% from MeitY, 25% is the capital subsidy, which will be given after the start of 
commercial production. And remaining 23% is to be spread like it's a hybrid of top line incentive 
and employee-linked incentive. It's a hybrid of TLI and ELI, which will be given in a span of 6 
years. And so are the cases with the state governments. Their incentive also starts from third 
year and spreading into next 5 years. So that's how we will get about 70% back. 
Sonali: 
Sir, that's very clear. Sir, so is it fair to understand that per annum over at least the next 2 years, 
our capex in our consolidated balance sheet could be about INR5 billion to INR7 billion per 
annum and not more than that? 
Jasbir Singh: 
If you see on the net capex side, I think it will be a little more because INR650 crores is being 
spent this year in Ascent, then we are putting up INR150 crores out of the INR350 crores 
announced in the Railway division. And then there is a further expansion of the Sri City plant in 
this. And then Korean JV -- Korea Circuits JV, we'll be buying the land piece in this financial 
year. So this all capex will come here. And the remaining portion of the Korea Circuit JV will 
come to next year. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Sonali: 
Understood. Got it. And just one last question. What is the reason for the decline in the margins 
in railways because last year's base was low, which is why we are checking. 
Jasbir Singh: 
So this is basically because of the product mix because metro, we have sold more in metro little 
-- we have a little less margins in the metro. In railway, we have a little more. But nothing 
changes on the outlook of Sidwal for the financial year. You have seen these margins getting 
dipped because of commodity issues and because of the product mix. And even our bus air 
conditioning division is a little bit at a less margin, but whereas our defense is at a high margin. 
So generally, in quarter 4, defense, our AMC business and our railway business is more. And 
that's what brings the whole margin of Railway division back to 20% plus range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirransh Jain from BNP Paribas. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Congratulations again. Sir, my first question is on the double-digit margin guidance for the 
Electronics division by next year. So is it fair to understand that this would primarily come from 
the uptick in the Ascent's new facility and the consolidation of the 2 acquired entities for whose 
benefit we might start seeing from third quarter this year itself?  
And also wanted to check on the Power-One margin guidance. So till FY '24 on the reported 
financials, the margins used to be in the range of 7% to 8%. So what is leading to the 17% to 
18% guidance on the Power-One Micro Systems? 
Jasbir Singh: 
On the Electronics margin guidance, you see, I'll just take you all through the journey of 
electronics, which is very important for all of you to understand when we acquired IL JIN, this 
was a INR300 crores company manufacturing printed circuit board assemblies for LG and IFB 
with 2.8% EBITDA. So this was what we started and inherited. For first 3 years, we were very 
focused in air conditioners and refrigerators and washing machine space.  
By 2021, the company grew to INR500 crores and the margins went to 4%. We were struggling 
to see that why we have not been able to cross 8%, 9% of the range. And then we realized that 
we need to balance the volume and the value play. So the large part of the printed circuit board 
assembly, if you want to be in the highest range of the margins, you need to be in the defense 
and aerospace. Now that is a high entry barrier business, very sticky business. Net working 
capital days are a little stretched in that business, but margin profile is very good.  
Second comes the industrials which is again in the range of 15% to 20%. Now industrial itself 
is a very big ocean. You can divide it into the power electronics part like Power-One products, 
starting from UPS, battery energy storage space, you can divide it into HMI, PLCs, automation-
related products. Even the smart meters comes into that. Even railway signaling also comes 
under industrial. So these are large portions, which are in the range of 15% to 20%. Again, high 
entry barriers, sticky businesses, little net working capital stretched, but good decent ROCEs. 
 
Third comes is the medical sector, which is again 12% to 14% range. Then comes the automobile 
sector. Automobile can be further divided into 4 categories: EV, non-EV, 2-wheeler, 4-wheeler. 
With 2-wheeler non-EV, which is like a high-volume business, it's about 7%. But if you can go 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
for 4-wheeler EV, you can make about 8%, 9%. Then comes the telecom, then comes hearable 
wearable and lowest is the consumer durable and appliances.  
So when we realized this that we are not doing anything wrong, if we continue to be in consumer 
durable, our margins will be in the range of 4%, 4.5% range. But we have to balance the volume 
and value play. That's where the strategy of bringing new applications started. 2022, we added 
hearable wearable. '23, we added automobile. '24, we added smart meters and defense. And now 
we have added this industrial applications by inorganic growth. 
 
So we are taking gradual steps, careful steps, building portfolio very cautiously. And then we 
backward integrated it into PCB to give more solutions and increasing our TAM while being 
focused in the electronic space, which is into PCB sector, which is a business of 15% to 20% 
range, depending on what kind of PCB you deliver. So this is our journey, and that's why we are 
confident that we will be able to deliver you double-digit number by next year. And on the 
Power-One margins, I think, Sudhir, I'll ask Sudhir to answer that. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Yes. So on the Power-One, if you see their declared results of financial year '24, they used to 
give their sales revenue, including the GST. And GST gets adjusted in the notes to the accounts. 
So if you eliminate that, then it is around 9% to 10% plus there is some more salary they used 
to take, which is not maintainable after this transaction. So they normally draw the larger salary 
during the -- before the transaction. So that will become a maintainable salary, and that will 
bring the EBITDA level to around 17% to 18%. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, on the funding plans. So out of INR4,200 crores capex plus another 
INR700 crores, INR800 crores outlay for the acquisitions. So how are we looking at the current 
funding plans, especially for the time gap before we start receiving the subsidies? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, you must have seen that we filed an enabling resolution for the AGM for INR2,500 crores 
of QIP. And our AGM is on 11th of August, and we believe that after the clearance, that is one 
portion -- one direction we can take.  
Second direction is a lot of private equity funds who are chasing to invest in the electronic 
division. And that could be the second portion to begin with. So we will see we'll take a right 
step at the right time, and we'll keep you updated as any event happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
I wanted to get a sense how is your RAC component mix right now? 
Jasbir Singh: 
It keeps on varying RAC components and the finished goods because we don't define the demand 
side from the customers. We give solutions to whatever is demanded to us. Sometimes, it is 
60:40, sometimes it is reverse, 40:60. So very difficult to predict and even give the number. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Got it. And sir, last question on the Unitronics. What sort of growth you are looking 
for next 2 to 3 years? 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, whenever we've acquired the companies in last 7 acquisitions, which we have done, our 
trend is that for first 6 quarters, which is about 18 months, we generally get into the company, 
we integrate our systems, our cultures, we understand the company and the possibilities and then 
drive the growth from there onwards.  
So I believe currently, situation in Israel, they have just moved out of the war. There are still 
tariff issues happening. So I believe it will be going muted this year while maintaining their 
EBITDA margins -- and but yes, the very big TAM, they don't have presence in India. We've 
already hired a very dedicated team for bringing those products in India. India itself has a $6.5 
billion total addressable market for the products of Unitronics. 
 
And secondly is the backward integration in the printed circuit board assembly and PCB. These 
2 things we will start early, but larger tangible output of the growth, you will see after about 6 
quarters. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Got it. Just a follow-up on this, but the Power-One is a different case. That way will 
continue to grow by whatever upwards of 40% from acquisition only, what I understand. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Power-One is a growing company. They have all the required eligible criteria for 
participating in the government tenders. Their customer profile is very niche like Power Grid 
Corporation of India, BEML, BHEL, NTPCL, all of them and the large solar installations. So I 
believe that they will continue to grow in about 40% range. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Achal Lohade: 
Congratulations for fabulous growth. Sir, just on the margin part for the consumer durables, if 
you could give us some sense; for the quarter, we have seen a substantial revenue growth, but 
actually a margin contraction. So if you could explain for the first quarter and also give us some 
sense about the direction just the way you kind of highlighted for electronics business? 
Jasbir Singh: 
On consumer durable margins, see, we have a profile of business starting from 6% EBITDA to 
about 9% because some of the components are higher range. The assembly part is at a little lower 
range, but on the mid-level. And then we have also non-room air conditioner components, which 
are at 10% EBITDA also. So that's the range. But it's very difficult to predict the mix of the 
components and the finished goods.  
And within the finished goods, there is a big range starting from 1 tonne to 1.5 and 2 tonne plus 
all the star rating. So I think very, very difficult for us to give any number here. But yes, we 
should be in the range of 7% to 8% range in the consumer durable side of the business.  
But on the electronics, we have already explained why we feel that we should be hitting 10% 
plus range next year. And our railway segment is already at about 20%, which we will continue 
to maintain. So overall basis, we are very confident that the consol balance sheet will move 
towards about 8.5 to 9% range. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And just one more question, if I may, with respect to the accounting part of this for these 
new ventures. Will this -- the depreciation will be on the gross spend or will be only on the net 
spend, if you could give us some sense? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So depreciation will be on the fair valuation of all the assets. So there will be a PPA, which will 
be done for both the acquisitions as per the Ind AS. And whatever is the fair value comes based 
on that depreciation will be charged at the consol level. At the stand-alone level, the same 
depreciation will continue. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And just on this HDI and PCB, where the subsidies are available, the depreciation 
will be on the gross value or the net of subsidies? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So it will be first on the gross value and as and when we are getting -- so there are 2 type of 
subsidies. One is capex subsidy, one is opex subsidy. So capex subsidy will be reduced from the 
gross block and then the definitely charge on the -- after the adjustment of the subsidy. And on 
the opex, opex will be routed through the P&L account. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vishal from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Vishal: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. So I have just one macro question. Like Amber today 
supplies 20% of India's RAC inverter. With India's EMS industry growing at a good pace, what 
local BOM share are you getting for an inverter AC assembly by upcoming years? 
Jasbir Singh: 
If you're asking only about the inverter air conditioners, PCB applications, we are serving to 
many customers in inverter PCB applications. And on the industry side, if I see, I think we are 
controlling about 18% to 20% of India's inverter PCB board requirement. 
Vishal: 
No, I was asking like your bill of material you will source in a local way, like as PLI scheme is 
promoting it? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. So on the -- right now, there's applications going on. Factories are yet to be established. 
Once the component ecosystem starts getting available from here, we will be more than happy 
to source it locally. Like in air conditioners case, because of PLI, cross flow fans, inverter PCB 
boards, motors, valves, copper tubes, they have started -- even compressors, they have started 
getting available from India, and we have started sourcing from India. And I believe that is one 
of the most successful PLIs of the government because the main objective was to increase the 
value addition.  
Currently, in 2020, it used to be 25% and now it has touched to almost about 68% local value 
addition in the air conditioner space, and we are buying locally. So similarly, as the PLI scheme 
has been announced for the component in the electronics space, the moment factories are up and 
running, we'll definitely assess them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arafat Saiyed from Reliance Nippon Life. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes. Sir, if you look at, let's say, now we are serving almost 70% of BOM for room AC, the only 
thing missing was compressor. But now with the GMCC coming in also, as you said in the 
opening remarks, so what kind of arrangement we have with the GMCC and how you see, let's 
say, can we supply overall compressor in the next couple of quarters? Or how that would be? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So our relation with the GMCC was very old relations, but when we saw some of the noise on 
the shortage coming, though, we were not convinced with the market's noise. But still, we 
thought that it is better to stitch the deal. So we signed a cooperation agreement with GMCC, 
giving them our core plan of compressor requirement for next 3 years. 
And they've agreed to expand their capacities in India. The expansion is going on right now. 
And I think that new lines, which they are putting up, it is not exclusive to us. They will be 
serving other customers also. But they are putting this expansion based on these strategic 
cooperation agreements. That will be up and running by November. So till 3 years, we don't 
anticipate any shortages now. 
 
Overall, from 70% BOM, yes, we don't have compressor with us. We don't have refrigerant. We 
don't have copper tubes and aluminum and wiring harness. These are the new categories which 
we don't have right now, which contributes another 30% of it. As we move ahead and as the 
markets are moving ahead, we are currently doing some feasibilities of increasing our bill of 
material. And as soon as the decision is arrived and the feasibility report is positive, we will 
definitely let all of you know. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Sir and my second question is on, again, let's say, outsourcing versus in-sourcing. So in the last 
couple of quarters, many brands now focusing on in-housing, in-sourcing. But now to some 
extent, I think that is now back seated. So how do you think that insourcing and outsourcing play 
for the next couple of quarters? 
Jasbir Singh: 
I have seen this strategy being shifted by customers 3 times in last 20 years. And though market 
saw it for the first time. So we were not -- our business model is that we have mitigated 2 broad 
risks in our -- as a B2B company. One is brands changing their strategies of in-sourcing and 
outsourcing. And second is brands exchanging market shares between them. We have seen 
earlier Korean companies were the leader, then one Indian brand became the leader.  
And if in future, we don't know how that will pan up. But we are suppliers to everybody in the 
market. We are the integrated solution providers. Whenever the in-sourcing or outsourcing shift 
happens, we shift our strategy by supplying components to them. So that's our mitigation 
strategy.  
And we have 24 plants in India supplying components and finished goods, out of which 4 are 
finished goods and remaining 20 are component plants, which are located in vicinity to all the 
customer clusters. So that's what Amber has developed in the last 15 years, and that's what is 
paying dividend to us today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Madhav: 
Just wanted to understand the unit economics for the 2 capex, especially the Korea Circuit, we're 
investing INR3,200 crores. Could you give some sense in terms of the revenue potential and the 
margin profile and also the working capital required for the project? And by when do you think 
we can ramp up this fully? I know it's coming up in phases. So maybe for Phase 1, if you could 
give us some color, that itself would be great. 
Jasbir Singh: 
So Madhav, on the Ascent Circuits in the Hosur, INR650 crores is getting invested this year. I 
believe by quarter 4 or maximum by quarter 1 of next financial year, the plant will be up and 
running. That is for multilayer PCBs. For HDI, which is going to be put up in UP, that is -- we 
are waiting for -- we have applied to MeitY. 
I think they will take another 60 to 90 days' time to assess the applications and then approve the 
applications. After that, we have 15 months for our implementation and execution of the plant. 
So FY '28, first quarter is when we expect these plants to be up and running. 
 
And the asset turns in this business is about -- close to about 0.75x to 1x different ranges. But 
we have an offtake arrangement with our -- with Korea Circuits already signed up. the moment 
we sign, we expect that very first year, we should be able to reach to at least 0.75x of the asset. 
So in the first phase, we are going to implement INR1,200 crores investment. So you can say 
that in the very first year, we should be getting a top line of almost about INR750 crores to 
INR800 crores from the time it begin the production. 
Madhav: 
And sir, what about the margin profile and the working capital cycle for this kind of business? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Margins normally in the multilevel PCB board is somewhere about 15% to 20% range. And on 
the HDI side, depending on applications which you serve, it ranges from 15% to 30% also. If 
you are catering to defense application, aerospace application, you can go to 25% plus. But if 
you are serving to the IT laptops or telecom products, it is in the range of about 15% to 20%. 
And the working capital cycle is almost about 60 to 70 days in this case. 
Madhav: 
Okay. And so basically of the INR1,200 crores, just to be... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Request Madhav sir to rejoin the question queue for the follow-up question. 
The next question is from the line of Samyak Jain from Marcellus. 
Samyak Jain: 
Sir, my question is on the 2 acquisitions that we have made. So on the face of it, it appears that 
it's a product company, whereas in our electronics, we are mostly contract manufacturing or 
supply components in our electronics division. So do you see any gaps in the capabilities that 
we currently have to grow the business for both the businesses that we have recently acquired? 
Jasbir Singh: 
I'll give you a little brief of Amber's history. We started as a component manufacturer of air 
conditioners. The first component we produced for air conditioner was the outside sheet metal 
box for window air conditioner. That's where our journey began.  

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
And then that's when we started assembling the boxes, full air conditioners, then gradually, we 
backward integrated to create moats in the industry. And plus, we coupled up from 2012 
onwards, the R&D capabilities also. So while you see the whole ocean of electronics getting 
consumed, it doesn't [inaudible 0:52:41] or it is semi knockdown or just the assemblies part of 
it. 
 
Yes, you're right. We started our journey from printed circuit board assembly. First, we grew 
different applications in that assembly business. And then we backward integrated into PCB. 
And now we have started coming into fully box-built capabilities also. But within the PCB, I 
would like to highlight that we are already doing box built for telecom.  
We are doing 4G and 5G equipment. We are doing box build for smart meters, and we are doing 
full box build for Bluetooth speakers and smart watches. So this is already in line. So nothing 
new. It is just the addition and the type of business which we have added. 
Samyak Jain: 
So what I meant -- got it, sir. So what I meant was currently, it's more of a contract manufacturing 
that we are doing, whereas in the businesses, it would be a customer-facing B2B kind of wherein 
we would be directly dealing with all the customers who are consuming these products. So is 
there any difference or any understanding gap in my understanding? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, you see, like in railways, it is a business -- B2G business we have. And then we have a 
business with OEMs such as Alstom, Bombardier, Siemens, GE, Titagarh, BEML and all. In air 
conditioners, we have business with OEMs such as Daikin, Panasonic and all. Here, the 
Unitronics products, they are largely -- have a business relation with companies like Ingersoll 
Rand, who are manufacturing compressors, companies who are manufacturing machines, they 
are their users. So it's not a consumer-facing box-built businesses. 
 
Similarly, when you come to Power-One Electronics, there, it's a B2G combination of B2G 
business plus projects business. On B2G business, they apply for the tenders. They give solutions 
for airports, they give solutions for Power Grid Corporation for BEML, for BHEL. And on the 
other side, on the solar panel installation, they take tenders for that. So it's a B2G and B2B 
businesses, not directly B2C. So there is no business which we've added is directly consumer-
facing. 
Samyak Jain: 
Got it, sir. And my second question is on the consumer durables. So while there is slowdown in 
the AC business, a lot of OEMs as well as your peers have reported poor set of numbers, while 
we have grown at a healthy pace. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Request you to rejoin the queue for the follow-up questions. The next question 
is from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Deepak: 
Jasbirji, could you please highlight what was our Y-o-Y growth rate in RAC and RAC 
component and non-RAC component within the consumer durable segment for Q1? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So it's about 30 -- sorry, it's about. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So RAC has grown by 40%;  RAC and RAC components  both put together has grown by 40%. 
And non-RAC component within Amber has grown by around 10% and balance is the like 
motors and the injection molding for the various other applications, that has also grown by like 
10% to 15%. 
Deepak: 
Okay. So RAC and component is 40% and the remaining non-RAC component is around 10% 
to 15%. Is that understanding correct? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Yes, yes. 
Deepak: 
Okay. And sir, second question is on capex. I just want to double-click on that because earlier, 
I thought we were spending around INR350 crores on Hosur project in FY '26 and then again, 
half of it in FY '27. But now you're talking about spending INR650 crores of Hosur project in 
FY '26 itself, right? And then subsequently around INR1,200 crores in Phase 1 for that Korean 
Circuit JV in FY '27. So I just want to double check, what is our consolidated capex plan for FY 
'26 and '27? Could you please break it down by segment within consumer durable, EMS and 
railway? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No. So let me give you a clear picture on Hosur project. Out of INR650 crores, the land parcel 
was acquired last year. The remaining portion is getting spread into financial years. The large 
part of the building and some part of the machinery will come this year, which will be around 
INR350 crores or maximum INR400 crores.  
The remaining portion of the capex, which will be the last payments of the machines when the 
machines arrive will be in quarter 1 of the next year. So technically, it got spread in 3 financial 
years. The land came last year, building and some part of machinery this year and the remaining 
part of the machinery next year. 
Deepak: 
Okay. So INR350 crores to INR400 crores this year and the balance would be in next year, 
correct? 
Jasbir Singh: 
That's right. That's right. Yes. 
Deepak: 
Okay. And sir, on this Korean Circuit, how would that be? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Request you to rejoin the queue for the follow-up question. The next 
question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Assets. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Congratulations for a good set in a weak environment. Sir, 2 questions. One is, it looks like very 
hyper growth for Amber in Electronics and railways ahead. My sense was you're also getting 
into larger merger and acquisitions now. The challenge essentially going forward could be 
managing people, having heads of department and then integrating all of this into the Amber's 
culture. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
As of now, I just wanted to understand what are the gaps you have filled to handle such a large 
revenue. The P&Ls are going to be very big going forward. And what are the gaps which are 
still left to be addressed? So that's the first question. 
 
And secondly, on cash flow, I think there are a lot of questions revolving around how much is 
going to be the capex purely because there are going to be timing mismatches. Once you raise 
the funds, whenever in case the Board approves that, just wanted to be double sure that what is 
the peak debt Amber plans over the next, let's say, just by March '26, how does the balance sheet 
shape up for Amber consol? 
If Sudhirji can help us on understanding the overall cash outflow for the business over the next 
9 months? And what could be the peak debt that will actually calm down the nerves a bit purely 
because till then we'll have full clarity on what is the equity funding plan and then we can work 
around the further numbers. So those are my 2 questions, sir. 
Jasbir Singh: 
So on the first question regarding the management bandwidth, what we do at Amber is the 
moment we start the due diligence process of any company - prospective company to be 
acquired, or to be partnered with, we, first of all, onboard who's going to lead that portion and 
who's going to integrate those companies after we acquire. So that is a proactive approach which 
we take. 
Just to give an example, when Ascent Circuits was acquired, parallelly Santosh was onboarded, 
who was MD and CEO of the company, large company catering in India, multinational company. 
And then parallelly, Mr. Agarwal joined us, who is taking care of the Electronics division with 
Sanjay Arora. 
And now since Power-One and Unitronics have been onboarded, already the team leaders who 
will be heading this have been onboarded from large multinational companies. They have 
already joined. In fact, most of the vetting of the products and also the technical due diligence 
has been done by our own team now. So this is a proactive approach which we take.  
And good part of these, both 2 acquisitions is that both the promoters are -- they are traveling 
our journey further with us. So they will be with us for the next 5 years. And we don't think any 
big change coming in. And the large part of the CEOs of the company, they have agreed to 
continue with us. So we don't see any big change and challenge on the management bandwidth. 
 
As far as the Korea Circuit JV's capex is concerned and the numbers on the debt levels, what 
you were asking, I would like to tell all of you that at Amber, I would, in fact, like to guide this 
to all of you that at Amber, we have taken a very strategic decision that we should be net debt-
free company by next financial year end. So that is our plan.  
In case though we have a policy and principle approved at the Board level that we will never 
ever cross 2x of debt EBITDA. But looking into the current situation and the capex plans, we 
will be raising some funds, and we'll keep you all posted. I think we are aiming to be a net debt-
free company by next financial year. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining on the call. For any further information, kindly get in touch 
with our Head of IR, Mr. Ravi Kharbanda or Rohit Singh from our IR team, or Strategic Growth 
Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you very much. Have a good day ahead. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Amber Enterprises India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
