Abans Financial Services Limited 
(Formerly known as Abans Holdings Limited) 
Regd. Office: 36, 37, 38A, Floor-3, Nariman Bhavan, Backbay Reclamation, Nariman Point, Mumbai-400021. 
CIN: L74900MH2009PLC231660   Tel: +91 22 68170100    Fax: 022 61790010     
Email ID: compliance@abansfinserv.com    Website: www.abansfinserv.com    
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
The Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: AFSL 
August 12, 2025 
To,  
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Script Code: 543712
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) - Transcript of the earnings conference 
call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025, conducted on August 08, 2025. 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company: 
https://abansfinserv.com/regulation-30  
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Abans Financial Services Limited 
(Formerly known as Abans Holdings Limited) 
Sheela Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
Sheela 
Ambujkumar Gupta
Digitally signed by Sheela 
Ambujkumar Gupta 
Date: 2025.08.12 10:47:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
Abans Holdings Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
August 8, 2025 
Moderator: 
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 and FY ’26 Earnings Conference of 
Abans Financial Services Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. Thank you. 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur Jainkunia 
from Valorem Advisor. 
On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the earnings 
conference call for the 1st Quarter of the financial year 2026. Before we begin, I would like to 
thank you all for participating in the earnings conference call of Abans Financial Services 
Limited. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on the management's belief as well as assumptions 
made and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements or make any investment 
decision. 
The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
Company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. Let me now introduce 
the management participating with us in today's conference call. We have with us Dhrumil 
Shah, Vice President; Ketur Shah – Vice President; Nirbhay Vassa – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Ketur Shah for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 8 
Ketur Shah: 
Hi, Nupur. Thank you so much for the warm introduction. So, I have with me my CFO, Group 
CFO, Nirbhay Vassa, and I am handing over to him for the opening remarks of the Abans 
Financial Services. 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Thank you, Ketur. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It gives me 
great pleasure and satisfaction to present the financial highlights for the 1st Quarter of FY '26. 
This quarter reflects the steady execution of our strategy anchored on diversifying our revenue 
streams, scaling fee-based businesses and strengthening our compliance-driven growth model. 
On a consolidated basis, we delivered revenues of INR 1,895 crores in quarter 1 of FY '26, led 
by continued traction in our fee-based investment services and strong performance in our 
other segments. EBITDA stood at INR 52.8 crores reflecting disciplined cost management while 
investing in our growth initiatives. Net profit for the quarter was INR 32.69 crores, up 35% 
quarter-on-quarter year-on-year, marking yet another quarter of profitable growth. 
I would like to take you all through some operational and strategic updates for you all to 
understand our strategies better: 
We continue to see robust momentum in our asset management and distribution businesses. 
Our global arbitrage fund has maintained healthy performance, attracting interest from both 
domestic and global investors. Strategic partnerships with distributors such as SMC Global and 
Taurus Wealth are steadily expanding our reach globally. Our NBFC remains focused on lending 
to with prudent risk management practices. We are progressing on setting up our lending 
operations in other jurisdictions through our NBFC, awaiting regulatory clearance. 
Abans Global Limited, our foreign subsidiary in the U.K. has successfully set up a back office 
center in GIFT City, now fully operational, delivering cost efficiencies and operational 
scalability. We are actively working on launching different asset management vehicles, both 
onshore, in GIFT City and outside of India advancing our ability to access to capital globally. Our 
strategy remains centered on scaling high-margin fee-based businesses to ensure earnings 
stability, strengthening global market connectivity while remaining compliant with evolving 
regulations, leveraging technology for operational efficiency and risk control and building a 
diversified revenue base across geographies, products and customer segments. 
In the upcoming quarters, we expect continued growth in AUM. We have been able to reach 
INR 3,500 crores for the first time this quarter, steady expansion in our lending book and 
improved operational leverage as new initiatives start contributing to revenues. We believe 
AFSL is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth with the balance of performance 
prudence and innovation. Thank you for your time and interest in our Company. We can now 
open the floor for questions. Thank you. 

Page 3 of 8 
Moderator: 
Smit Mehta: 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Moderator: 
Akriti Acharya: 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Smit Mehta, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
My name is Smit Mehta. And first of all, I wanted to congratulate for an amazing results of 
Abans Financial Services Limited. Sir, actually I have one question. So, what are the key factors 
which is helping AFSL to keep its clients and win long-term advisory and asset management 
deals? 
Okay. Thank you. So, I think in the asset management space, the first aspect of trying to 
build an asset management business is visibility and trust. So, I believe that the strongest 
differentiators for us as Abans are trust, access to global markets and ability to customize 
financial products. So, we have an ability to give the customer a product based on their risk 
profile. And clients have stayed with us over the years because we offer a 360-degree view 
both in terms of risk assessment, regulatory navigation and also execution support through our 
broking and lending arms. 
Our asset management verticals are also nimble enough to respond to market changes because 
in the last decade, we have seen so many volatile events like COVID, tariffs, elections in India, 
et cetera. But we have been able to deliver consistent results, and this is not a one-off, right? 
There is a method to madness. So, this combination of insight, agility and alignment has helped 
us retain clients and also gain new clients even though we have had limited visibility because 
we are an upcoming brand. I hope that answers your question, Smit. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Akriti Acharya, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead.  
My question was that as the Company's fee-based income is scaling, do you foresee any 
improvement in the operating leverage or margin expansion over the next few quarters? 
Thank you for that question. So, I was actually in the last couple of investor calls, I've tried to 
point out to all the people listening and all our investors that how I view the business is from 
our segment reporting section. So, if you would actually go into our results and check our 
segment reporting section, you would see what is contributing to the growth of the business. 
And interestingly, we did a top line of INR 165 crores in fee-based investment services in the 
year ended March 31, 2025, with a profit before tax of INR 102 crores. With scaling AUMs, 
obviously, because now that all our infrastructure of asset management is ready, the margin in 
such businesses keeps expanding as you keep getting AUM. 
And we have already seen early signs of operating leverage kick in, in the current quarter results 
as well as the last entire year's result. Many of our distribution and advisory costs are front 
loaded. And once that infrastructure set incremental revenue flows will always come in at a 

 
Page 4 of 8 
higher margin. So, as AUM increases, the fixed cost component of our business remains largely 
unchanged, allowing us to expand margins substantially. 
Additionally, we are also investing in digital tools and analytics, obviously, with the use of 
careful AI to reduce cost per transaction, improve adviser productivity, find new jurisdictions 
and new products, which will support further operating efficiency and new inflows. I hope that 
answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kevin, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Kevin: 
So, my question is that AUM has been raised last year, I think till about INR 1,000 crores. So, 
what is the strategy for scaling this further? Like are you looking at deeper regional penetration 
or like new asset classes? 
Ketur Shah: 
So, the INR 1,000 crores AUM mark is itself is important management for us right now. We are 
now building on this by expanding both horizontally and vertically. So, horizontally, we are 
increasing our distribution footprint across more cities, more countries, more partners and 
deeper training for our relationship managers. So, as you know, we work with through multiple 
distribution partnerships and channel partners. So, we are training them and executing them 
about our products and services. So, through which we are expanding. 
Vertically, we are introducing new asset classes, including our global equities, private credit 
funds and structured solutions. So, we are also into multiple asset classes. So, that is also 
expanding us. So, both with horizontally and vertically, we are growing and our AUM is 
therefore increasing exponentially. Now that cater to our evolving investment needs also. The 
aim is to offer a full tax solution across risk profiles, thereby increasing our wallet shares from 
each client. 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Also, I would like to point out, as Ketur said, that the INR 1,000 crore AUM that we're talking 
about, this is only through distributors. So, our overall AUM is INR 3,500 crores, INR 1,000 -- 
now it's INR 1,300 crores through distribution networks. So, in any business like us, there are 2 
ways to distribute product. One is yourself and one through distributors, the sum of both is INR 
3,500 crores and through distributors is more than INR 1,000 crores. So, I just wanted to clarify 
that point. I hope that answers your question, Kevin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raj, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Raj: 
Congratulations on the results, first of all. My question is pretty simple. The Company looks 
solid, right?  The business is good, the results are good. The offerings, there is a diverse mix of 
offerings. But I believe the market seems to miss something, and it is not fully reflecting its 
intrinsic value. Where do you think, what is the thing which the market is missing? And what 

 
Page 5 of 8 
are the steps which the Company is taking do you bring that under appreciated or untapped 
value to the market, to the shareholders, in fact? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Thank you for your question. Normally, we always try to dodge a stock market or a value 
question. But as a young boy with deep interest in English literature, I was told this dialogue 
that we utilize in the eyes of the beholder, right? So, I believe, obviously, and if you look at the 
numbers, clearly, you would believe that there is deep value in AFSL, that's yet to be fully 
reflected. But I would like to talk about what we are doing as a business rather than what the 
market is doing. 
So, because we have an asset-light high ROE business, the regulatory infrastructure is across 
multiple geographies and the strategic optionality embedded in our treasury all continues to 
deliver this intrinsic value. And our net worth is what is available to us. If I want to basically 
calculate the net realizable value of this business, my net worth will be in my hands in the next 
5 days. So, that's the liquidity that this business provides. 
And over the next 12 to 18 months, we are focused on enhancing disclosures and our team has 
worked very hard on delivering a very, very robust and informative annual report, which gives 
you access to how we as management, try to run this business, and we have tried to explain 
that business in great detail in through our disclosures in our annual reports. Hopefully, this 
will improve investor outreach to both current and prospective investors, building investor 
value and confidence, and showcasing each business line's profitability and understanding 
more distinctively than before. 
And as the visibility increases, and 1 talks to 2, and 2 talks to 20, I think we will become a 
household name when it comes to complex financial products. And we are confident that the 
market will eventually start valuing the differentiated platforms that we have built and the 
people who understand it along the way will be part of the journey. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikita, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Nikita: 
Good afternoon, sir. I was like you said, and I, during that you mentioned the annual report, I 
was really impressed by it. I just wanted to know more about the strategic vision of the 
Company for the financial year '26. And also, are there any new products? 
Dhrumil Shah: 
Hi Nikita, this is Dhrumil. Thank you so much for the question. To answer that, I would say that 
financial year 2026 is a year of acceleration for us. Our core values this time, I'm going to have 
3 pillars: advisory depth, product innovation and geographic scale. We're entering the 
merchant banking space to complement our advisory and capital-raising capabilities. 
We are also launching new products in structured credit and global investment. Our regulated 
platforms in the U.K., Mauritius and GIFT City will pay a key role in tapping international capital 

 
Page 6 of 8 
flows. Overall, we see financial '26 as a year where AFSL becomes more visible and vertically 
integrated in the financial sources. Hopefully, that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kaval Shah, an individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Kaval Shah: 
As I was seeing the financials, the fee-based income has risen sharply this year. What are the 
primary factors behind this growth? And how confident are you in sustainability over the 
medium to long term? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
So, firstly, if you noticed that the fee-based investment income has gone up substantially, not 
only in the last year, but since we have gotten listed, because our ability to provide 
infrastructure globally has expanded substantially in the last couple of years. So, the growth in 
the fee-based income is a direct outcome of our strategic pivot towards fee-based and multi-
product distribution strategies that we have employed globally. And over the past year, we 
have seen deeper relationships with larger HNIs, family offices and even funds that like to 
invest in our treasury products. And we have expanded our reach nationally as well as globally. 
I think we are still at the cusp of collecting AUMs at a smaller ticket size. And we would be able 
to display this solid growth for times to come. And there's a lot of market share to eat into in 
our national AUMs with mutual funds, AIFs and others. So, we believe this growth will be 
sustainable and recurring in nature, backed by long-term mandates and scalable without 
proportionate increases in cost. Fee income now forms the most resilient core of our revenue 
model, and we want to be recognized as a global asset manager. I hope that answers your 
question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Viraj Shah: 
Given the increasing interest in the alternative investment and management portfolio 
landscape, how is AFSL positioning itself in the evolving landscape and especially in the mid-
market segment, what is the plan of the Company? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
So, I don't know if everyone in our industry understands the alternative space yet. But the 
growth in the alternative space and the AIF has been substantially higher in the last 5 years. I 
think in our management analysis in our annual report, we have spoken a lot about alternate 
assets, right? And this is I won't say underserved, but a huge opportunity in this mid-market 
space. Because at AIF, you need an investor who's willing to put INR 1 crore of their money as 
a minimum, and not like an SIP, where you can put INR 200, INR 500 or INR 5,000, right? 
So, it is largely specialist investment and it's underpenetrated and underserved according to 
me, still from the perspective of India. We have flagship fund offerings, which gives you access 

 
Page 7 of 8 
to global markets and derivatives not only equity long products that the market has been 
running for years. We also offer differentiated advisory portfolios that combined discipline with 
our agility, particularly useful in volatile market conditions that we have seen for the past few 
years. So, I think your question was that how will we position ourselves? 
We have already positioned ourselves by building the infrastructure in GIFT, onshore AIFs, GIFT 
AIFs as well as funds abroad, which can act as a feeder to the AIFs. So, the infrastructure is 
ready and we have displayed our execution capabilities, both in our results, our numbers and 
our AUM growth. So, I think time will tell that as to how much market share we are able to 
claim from the alternate space. And hopefully, by building credibility like the way we are doing 
currently with consistent numbers and performance. Early traction gives us confidence to scale 
further, and we already started a new AIF fund in GIFT, which should have an AUM of 
approximately $100 million in the coming year. I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahul: 
Sir, so given these strategies you have in place and you say you are well positioned. Any sort of 
outlook you would like to share when it comes to your AUM growth and revenues and margins 
for the financial year? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
So, again, outlook are from the perspective of numbers, if you see our fee income expanding 
the way it did in the last year, as AUMs are rising, our fee income has been rising consistently. 
And I think we can confidently say that our AUMs will double hopefully, every 12 to 18 months 
and our fee income, because all the infrastructure fixed costs are in built now, our fee income 
will further expand in the coming years. So, according to me, you can see in the balance sheet 
that we are, firstly, a very like low gearing Company. Two is we have ability to make 
acquisitions, to acquire more fee income. And three, it is anyway, our crown jewels in terms of 
our global funds are rapidly doubling their AUMs every 12 to 18 months. 
And I think if our credibility and our consistent performance continues, then you will see these 
numbers performing just the way they have played out since we got listed. 
Rahul: 
And other than the fee income, which is your kind of the leader in terms of source of income, 
what other areas you feel push the lever towards an additional revenue growth for the 
Company? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
So, I do not want to say that we want to focus on all the businesses equally. I want to focus on 
building a recurring fee-based model. So, it is always going to be our prerogative to build asset 
management products that will keep pushing up fee income. And we want to use the NBFC and 
treasury as support functions to a fee-based income. So, if it can complement the asset 
management business, that's why we have the licenses in place to build a robust asset 
management business, and complementing business to asset management only. 

 
Page 8 of 8 
We do not  want to separately focus on building a microfinancing NBFC for that matter because 
that business requires a different mindset and a different core competency, which I don't want 
to get into until I perfect what I want to do first. I hope that answers your question. 
Rahul: 
And NBFC, you mentioned you're only lending to SMEs, right? And there's no other focus there? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
No, not yet. We are trying to do structured lending when it comes to loan against shares and 
loan against commodities. But again, the regulatory impact of that is being studied and the 
right kind of navigators for those businesses, both in terms of human expertise and system 
expertise is being worked upon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raj, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Raj: 
Just one more question. In the results declared, you have announced that a merger of a 
subsidiary with the step-down subsidiaries. Just wanted to understand the benefits of this 
merger and how do you -- what are the synergies which you are looking at? 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
So, yes, we have announced that we have multiple companies which have different broking 
licenses nationally. And over a period of time, we have realized and added all the licenses in 
one entity which is Abans Broking Services Private Limited. And we wish to bring all the broking 
businesses under one umbrella, both in terms of improving compliance efficiency, also having 
a high net worth broking Company, which can then facilitate larger institutional broking 
capabilities in the future because that will meet more or less every large fund house 
requirement in terms of having a broking partner like that. 
So, it is a strategic move, both to reduce compliance burden; two, to improve efficiency, both 
in terms of costs and in terms of compliance; and three is to be able to acquire business as an 
institutional broker nationally. I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Thank you, guys, and a lot of insightful questions, and I hope that gives you clarity in terms of 
understanding our business. Stay focused and try to understand the business before making 
any kind of investment decisions, and that's what I would like to say. Wish you all the best. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Valorem Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
