 
 
 
CSD/BSE&NSE/2025-26 
August 19, 2025 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: COHANCE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings 
conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors 
held on August 13, 2025.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cohance Lifesciences Limited 
(Formerly, Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited) 
 
 
 
Kundan Kumar Jha 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head-Legal 
 
Encl: as above  
 
 
 
 
 
KUNDAN 
KUMAR JHA
Digitally signed by 
KUNDAN KUMAR 
JHA 
Date: 2025.08.19 
16:49:30 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Cohance Lifesciences Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 13, 2025  
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Cohance Lifesciences Limited Q1 
FY '26 earnings conference call.  
I hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho from Cohance Lifesciences 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you Yusuf. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us today on 
Cohance Lifesciences Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call. This marks our first, full quarter 
operating as a unified platform under the Cohance identity. 
Following the formal integration of our acquired entities and rebanding earlier this 
year, we appreciate your continued interest and support as we begin this next 
chapter of growth and execution. 
Joining me on the call today are Mr. Vivek Sharma – Executive Chairman, Dr. 
Prasada Raju – Managing Director, Mr. Himanshu Agarwal – Chief Financial Officer. 
Let me now invite Vivek to share strategic overview for the quarter.   
Vivek Sharma: 
Thank you Cyndrella, and good evening to all. Q1 FY '26 has been an important start 
to the year, not only from an execution standpoint, but also in strengthening the 
foundation we have put in place over the past 12 months. 
This was our first full quarter as Cohance Lifesciences, and I am pleased to share 
that the transition has been on track, both internally and externally, with increasing 
alignment across teams, customers, and platforms. 
We remain focused on our core identity as a technology-led global CDMO anchored 
in scientific partnership, speed, and reliability. Our 3-pillar structure, Pharma CDMO, 
Specialty Chemicals, and API Plus continues to provide a resilient foundation for 
growth. 
In line with evolving global sourcing strategies, we are seeing continued inflows of 
RFQs, reflecting both China Plus One and EU Plus One diversification trends. During 
the quarter, we responded to a healthy set of RFPs under this team, particularly in 
HPAPIs, small molecules.These requests are coming from established customers, 
expanding the scope of engagement further, and reinforces our positioning as a 
dependable CDMO partner for innovators looking to build supply security. 
Among our many ongoing customer engagements, our recent visit to Japan stands 
out as a key highlight. We strengthen our long-standing partnership with a leading 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
innovator in ADC payloads, with discussions progressing towards broader strategic 
collaboration. We are also growing traction with other Japanese innovators across 
niche modalities, including oligonucleotides, small molecules, and our agrochemical 
and specialty chemical segments. 
During the quarter, we saw encouraging momentum across our CDMO business, 
particularly in lateral engagements and differentiated modalities, such as ADCs and 
oligonucleotides. Our capabilities in payload linker synthesis and bioconjugation 
continue to resonate strongly with global innovators. At NJ Bio, our U.S.-based 
subsidiary, we received a significant new order from an existing customer for full 
ADC supply in early-phase payload linker synthesis to bioconjugation work. 
To support this and to meet future demand, we have commenced expansion of a 
dedicated CGMP suite in bioconjugation at the Princeton facility by committing an 
investment of $10 million. This will significantly enhance our capacity enabling supply 
of full ADCs to clinical studies. We are pleased to share that our first adjacent 
payload program is under discussion, further strengthening our position in the ADC 
payload market, where our 2 leading payload categories together account for nearly 
80% of current R&D pipeline programs. 
Our CGMP oligonucleotide building block facility at Nacharam, backed by a INR 230 
million investment is progressing on schedule, and is expected to be fully operational 
by the end of CY '25. Early-stage engagements with innovator partners are 
advancing well, with plant audits anticipated over the coming quarters. 
To summarize, excluding the temporary impact of inventory de-stocking, our Pharma 
CDMO segment delivered over 30% year-over-year growth, supported by robust 
demand across key customer programs in high-value modalities. 
Our niche technology revenue share has risen from the high teens in FY '25 to above 
20% in Q1 FY '26 and is on track to approach the mid-20s by the end of FY '26. This 
segment delivered growth well ahead of the broader pharma CDMO business, 
excluding inventory de-stocking, underscoring our differentiated capabilities and 
strong execution in complex modalities. We secured another USFDA approval from 
our partner program, leveraging priority review and breakthrough therapy 
designation to fast-track its market entry. 
Two additional products from our small molecule portfolio are expected to transition 
to commercial stage over the next 12 to 18 months. We are also awaiting responses 
from existing customers on pending lateral RFPs, which could translate into 
additional opportunities in commercial products.  
During the quarter, we secured a life cycle management supply mandate from a 
leading global innovator for a branded product API, underscoring our position as an 
integrated CDMO partner of choice. 
I would like to also take a moment to reflect on the broader organizational evolution 
underway at Cohance. As part of our strategic journey to build a best-in-class 
innovation-led global CDMO, we are pleased to announce the formation of the 
Cohance External Advisory Board. We have inducted 5 highly respected industry 
stalwarts into the External Advisory Board, each bringing decades of leadership 
experience across R&D, CMC, commercial and supply chain roles at leading global 
innovator companies. Their diverse perspectives and deep domain expertise will 
meaningfully shape our strategic direction and customer partnerships as we scale. 
The External Advisory Board, EAB as we call it, will function as an independent panel 
of experts providing a strategic counsel to Cohance leadership on innovation, 
customer-centric growth, and operational excellence. This initiative reinforces our 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
commitment to long-term value creation and deep collaboration with global 
innovators, aligned with our vision to reach $1 billion revenue by 2030. 
Dr. Sudhir Singh, who was running the CDMO business, has decided to step back 
from active executive responsibilities. And on behalf of the Board and entire Cohance 
team, I would like to extend our sincere appreciation to Dr. Sudhir Singh for his 
foundational contributions to building a CDMO platform and positioning it for 
sustained growth and global relevance. We wish him continued success in his future 
endeavors. Sudhir will closely work with us ensuring a seamless transition. 
With our ambition to build a global technology-led CDMO from India, we have 
appointed Mr. Yann D’Herve as CEO of our CDMO business, a strategic leadership 
move aligned with our global growth agenda. Yann brings over 3 decades of 
experience, including nearly 15 years in senior CDMO roles, and has built trusted 
relationships with leading innovators across the U.S., EU, and Asia. His presence in 
the U.S., together with our expanding global leadership team, enhances our ability 
to operate as a unified platform. In parallel, we continue to strengthen our CDMO 
leadership, deepen our techno-commercial expertise, and expand modality-specific 
capabilities to stay ahead of evolving customer needs while scaling with agility, 
quality, and speed. 
With that, I would now like to invite Dr. Prasada to take you through the segment 
performance and key operational updates. Dr. Prasada.  
Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening to everyone.  
Q1 FY'26 has progressed across our businesses in-line with our expectations. We 
continue to strengthen our key customer engagements and advance our platform 
readiness in high growth modalities, positioning ourselves well for the future. 
Across these technological platforms, we are now working with more than 19 global 
innovators, including our NJ Bio and Sapala customer network. 
Regarding Pharma CDMO, late-phase activity and differentiated programs continue 
to drive. Scale-up traction is there. We signed several new CDAs and Master Service 
Agreements by adding top 4 large innovator customers across the platform, apart 
from a few mid- and small biotech companies, which indicates growing confidence 
from global innovators in our integrated model. 
I am happy to share with you some of the prominent wins and key developments 
across the business lines. As shared by our Chairman, Vivek, we have secured a 
lifecycle management opportunity from a leading innovator for a branded product 
API. Despite its long-term, sustainable, and margin-accretive nature, this 
collaboration has immense potential to scale up in the years to come. 
We have been chosen as a high-potent project which needs OEB4 infrastructure by 
a global innovator, validating our infrastructure and regulatory maturity. Commercial 
contracts for intermediates are under discussion with a large innovator customer 
under EU Plus One sourcing strategy. The continued ramp-up of payload linker 
program across both in-house at partnered platforms. 
Our ADC platform continues to gain momentum across both payload and 
bioconjugation modalities. At our Nacharam facility, we also have finalized designs 
for addition of a new containment which is capable of demonstrating industry hygiene 
studies up to OEB6 levels to support a customized payload program for a large U.S.-

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
based innovator. This expands alliance with our increasing flexibility for growing 
demands of development, commercial supply quantities under this engagement. 
It reinforces our high-potency competencies from a global regulatory approved site 
in India. We are also deepening our engagements with 3 additional large innovator 
companies beyond 2 ongoing commercial programs, reflecting a unique value 
proposition, sustained trust in our payload linker capabilities as an integrated global 
player. Cohance's first program in the adjacent payload family is under discussion, 
expanding our payload portfolio and strengthening our position across payload linker 
and bioconjugation workflows. 
In parallel, we continue to engage with both existing and new customers, seeing 
growing interest in RFQs received for payload linker synthesis. These partners are 
also actively evaluating our Indian-based linker manufacturing capability along with 
our Princeton-based bioconjugation suite, predominantly as a part of their long-term 
supply chain strategy. 
We are expanding our offerings into next-generation modalities, such as pegylated 
antibody conjugates, sRNA conjugates and antibody-oligonucleotide conjugates, 
which are evolving space in the antibody drug conjugates. 
Our ongoing development of versatile payload linker program for ADC supports 
these capabilities. We continue to invest in scientific talent, compliance systems and 
capacities, enabling us to deliver strong repeat business and deepen strategic 
collaboration with leading ADC innovators.  
We have announced INR 230 million for GMP oligonucleotide block at Nacharam 
facility. As we explained in our last concall, it is expected to be fully commercial by 
end of CY, FY '25-'26. This leverages our expertise in modified nucleosides, log 
nucleic acids to scale up these chemistries from R&D to commercial manufacturing 
with up to a multiple kg slot in a fit-to-purpose GMP facility. 
Overall, project implementation is progressing as planned and the qualification is 
near completion. It's important to notify the early customer interest remains robust 
and the platform will be a vital to our future modality mix. 
Coming back to speciality chemical segment: 
As we have alluded during our last call, customer engagement remained very 
positive. The AgChem business continues to have improving sequential recovery 
and the visibility is in line with our communicated expectations. 
Performance Chemicals shipments are expected to ramp up in the latter part of the 
year. Overall, we remain confident of delivering full-year growth targets. We are also 
now focused on adding 2 more customers in this segment, while we deepen our 
existing relationship with the large innovator company. 
Regarding API Plus and FDA business, it has delivered a strong performance 
backed up by deeper business fundamentals, scaling up of existing product portfolio, 
and a healthy pipeline that by securing orders in hand. We have validated 2 new 
products in API and are also on track for 7 to 8 new product validations and 
subsequent regulatory filings. Commercialization efforts of formulation projects are 
delivering expected results. 
With this, let me now hand over to our CFO, Himanshu for the financial overview. 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Thank you and over to you, Himanshu. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada and good evening to all. 
Our Quarter one FY'26 performance is in-line with our expectations, and the 
trajectory we had outlined earlier. As always, we encourage you to evaluate our 
performance on a full-year basis as quarterly trends may not be reflect the underlying 
momentum of the business. 
Let me walk you through our Q1 Financial Year performance: 
We reported revenue growth of 13% year-on-year in Q1FY'26, led by performance 
in specialty business and API segment. 
Excluding the inventory destocking in Pharma CDMO, the revenue growth for the 
quarter exceeded 25%. While revenue recognition was back ended this quarter to 
the shipment timing and inventory destocking, operating indicators remained healthy 
and aligned with our expectations.  
The Pharma CDMO segment posted a year-on-year 1% revenue growth in Q1FY'26. 
However, adjusting for the inventory destocking in the commercial products, which 
we had outlined earlier, the segment delivered ahead of 30% plus growth, driven by 
robust demand across key programs and high-value modalities.  
We also want to highlight that our niche technology revenue share has advanced 
from a mid-teens revenue share in FY'25 to above 20% in Q1FY'26 and is well on 
track to approach mid-20s shares by FY'26. 
Growth in this segment was well ahead of the Pharma CDMO business, reflecting 
scale-up in ADC and oligonucleotides. We expect this segment to be a meaningful 
driver of our growth trajectory as the bioconjugation capacity expansion in Princeton, 
the cGMP oligonucleotide building block facility at Nacharam, and the customized 
payload linker synthesis ramp up in the U.S. and India, together in the coming fiscal 
years will deliver significantly higher margins.  
The adjusted EBITDA margins reflects ongoing investment ahead of scale, and the 
integration of recently acquired high-tech growth assets. 
During the quarter, we invested INR559 million in CAPEX, primarily towards capacity 
expansion on NJ Bio, final stage validation and Nacharam Oligo suites as well as 
debottling across core manufacturing platforms. 
We generated INR 2.3 billion in free cash flow. We ended the quarter with a healthy 
cash balance of INR 4.4 billion on our books, underscoring our disciplined approach 
to capital allocation and operational execution. 
We continue to maintain a healthy balance sheet and our capital allocation remains 
sharply focused on scaling differentiated platforms, enhancing modality readiness, 
and capturing operating leverage over the medium term. 
We reiterate our FY'26 guidance, and we continue to maintain our long-term 
guidance of reaching USD1 billion, INR 85 billion in 2030. As we scale-up further, 
our medium-term plans to achieve mid-30s EBITDA margins remain intact. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
In closing, Q1 has indeed laid the ground work for the rest of FY'26 and beyond. We 
remain focused on delivery, execution excellence, scaling differentiated platforms 
like ADC, oligos, and strengthening our position as a trusted global CDMO partner. 
With that, I hand it over to Cyndrella. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, Himanshu. With that growth focus mindset, we are happy to open the 
floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the line of Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. Please go ahead. 
Avnish Burman: 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. My question is specifically on the 
Pharma CDMO side. The APIs that you would be making for innovator Big Pharma 
companies, I wanted to know whether you are exporting these APIs into facilities in 
the U.S.? Or are they majorly being exported into some European countries like 
Ireland and the formulation is happening there? So which is the major export country 
for your APIs under the Pharma CDMO? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Thanks for your question. A major portion of this is going to Europe. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay. This is regarding the tariffs. My understanding is that APIs do not come under 
the definition of pharmaceutical as defined by Section 232 investigations. Is this 
understanding correct that APIs that are being imported into the U.S. are getting tariff 
as of now? 
Vivek Sharma: 
We don't make APIs, we do intermediates, and they are right now not part of the 
tariffs that are being talked about. As far as we are aware, Pharma is exempt. And 
right now, we are exempt from any tariff discussions. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay. So right now, whatever intermediates you are producing, you are exempt. But 
are you exporting any of these intermediates into U.S.? Or is everything going into 
Europe? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Predominantly Europe. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay. Just one more question. This is a hypothetical one. Let's see tomorrow, 
something comes out of the Section 232 investigation and there is a tariff number 
that is being suggested. Is there an agreement or an understanding on how will it get 
passed on in the supply chain, whether your customer will bear it or whether you will 
have to bear a part of it? Is there some color on that? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Most of our current agreements with the customers are on FOB basis. We do not 
have the liability to pay the tariffs, when the goods reach the shore of U.S. So 
hopefully, that addresses the query that you have on the hypothetical question, if 
Pharma were to get tariff. 
Avnish Burman: 
It does Himanshu, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhawal Khut from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhawal Khut: 
We have been investing into building teams and building talent. So wanted to know 
what is our current BD team strength, especially overseas? And where are these 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
teams located? And what is the future plan? Do we still see a lot of aggressive hiring 
within these teams? That's the first question.  
Vivek Sharma: 
Dhawal, thanks for your question. Yes, you are right, we have been investing in our 
front-end capabilities in all 3 major markets, U.S., Europe and Japan, Southeast 
Asia. So today, in North America, we have 4 PDs. These are all experienced 
CDMOs, several of them are PhDs that we have hired in the last 9 months or so. 
They are based in the East Coast and West Coast. 
We also have added a resource, a very experienced ex-pharma executive in Europe 
as well as 1 very seasoned executive to the Japanese market. 
Now in addition to that, NJ Bio also comes with it many capabilities. So we have ADC 
specialists and they have 2 PD resources essentially that are focused on ADCs. 
We also have our Sapala resources. So they have a few resources in Japan as well as one resource based 
in India that travels. So a combination of all of them is about 10 resources, 11 
resources, that are really helping us build brand and then growing customer 
relationships and integrating with customers. I just wanted to clarify this is pure 
CDMO business, right? Yes, in addition to that API Plus has its own separate, 
Specialty Chem has its own separate team. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Do you think we have the right team sizes? Or you think there is some room to 
augment it further on the CDMO side? 
Vivek Sharma: 
It's not about quantity. I think it's the quality of people that we are focused on. So I 
think U.S., we will announce some more people, I think as time progresses to really 
add to people with some unique experiences as well as unique capabilities. But I am 
actually very excited about this Customer Advisory Board that we have really 
engaged with. These are very experienced people. So with the combination of 
Customer Advisory Board, our PG team, and with Yann coming in, and several of us 
really putting a lot of time on front end. I am very excited, I think, with the teams that 
we have. And this is a process of evolution. You may add 1 or 2 resources here and 
there, but we are not looking for major expansion in the quantity of team. We may 
add 1 or 2 people if required, but there's no major expansion plans there. There's a 
lot to be done with the team that we have, and we are excited I think with the 
potential. CPHI is coming. We are already blocking our calendar, sort of meetings 
are lined up. Other events are coming. This comes back in the U.S. in a few weeks. 
So the team is really excited. There is lot of effort going on with the existing teams. 
We feel the need. We will be happy to even bring some specialist people, in order to 
help us accelerate the growth. 
Dhawal Khut: 
It was helpful. Secondly, there are many payloads, where our payloads are going to 
other global CDMOs. So in those cases, does the end innovator know where is the 
payload coming from? Or is it completely at the discretion of the global CDMO, where 
the payload and linker is coming? Or the innovator is just informed about it. But again, 
the final decision is with the CDMO or is it the other way, where the innovator 
mandates the CDMO to use payloads from certain manufacturer. How does that 
supply chain and decision-making work? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Dhawal, that's a very good question. Final decision is fully with the innovator, and 
innovator is fully aware and is part of the decision-making process on selection of 
the products that we supply. And our product is a key part of the end-to-end supply 
chain that is required for the end molecule that the customer has presented. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
As recent as a few months ago, I personally met the end customer, the final 
customer. So yes, they are fully integrated, and they are fully aware, and they are 
fully involved with us in the decision-making process, and the future plans for that 
product and the other products they might want to launch that's required that material 
or a similar material. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Got it. One last bit. As a firm, do you think mAB manufacturing or antibody 
manufacturing looks an area that we would like to explore if any inorganic opportunity 
comes up or whatever, even trying to build it organically? Or you want to focus within 
the peptide/small molecule space? And other key commissioning, which are 
highlighted within the PPT? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Yes, Dhaval, we are a customer-centric organization. Our focus is to grow with 
customer and invest with customers. Even the investments we have announced are 
very customer focused in terms of where the customer needs it and where customer 
is growing. 
 
Our discussions with customers have reflected that they want to control the enough 
supplies, they have enough resources, they want to do it themselves. From our 
perspective, the lens that we go with, we haven't seen much need and desire actually 
for customer to really partner with us on that space, you know, the customers that 
we work with. 
 
And in the capabilities that we have invested in, whether it is the small molecule 
CDMO, whether it is oligo or the ADC, we see a lot of potential to really grow, a lot 
of pipeline discussions, a lot of early stage discussions that can move to advanced 
stages. So, we want to remain focused immediately in those spaces and then 
penetrate deep and expand and extend our relationship with customers. Right now, 
we are not looking any math capabilities to acquire. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the de-stocking 
which you alluded to. Is this specific to a particular product or one or two products? 
Or are you referring to a de-stocking situation which is more general across the 
portfolio? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
The de-stocking that you referred to is specific to few products. I think we had 
mentioned it earlier as well. Just mentioned, it is related to two large commercial 
molecules that we are experiencing the de-stocking right now. 
Harith Ahamed: 
And the second one is on this new expansion that you announced at Nacharam 
facility for oligonucleotides. So, just trying to understand how exactly this expansion 
enhances our offering on the oligo side. What exactly are we capable of supplying 
now versus what will be our enhanced capability going forward post the expansion? 
Prasada Raju: 
Our starting point of oligo is predominantly research-driven. And the important 
requirement for us is to abilities to have cGMP capabilities. That is where we have 
started looking at it.  
 
We also have mapped what could be the potential sub-segment of these modalities 
where needs immediate scale up based on the customer interest. And we have 
figured out nucleosides is one modality sub-segment they are looking for. Locked 
Nucleic Acid, not many companies in the world can actually make it to the extent of 
purity what we make.  

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
These are all the few decision drivers which have actually triggered for creating a 
GMP capability. And we are pretty sure with the customer interest what we have 
received, we should definitely be able to expand our R&D capability to a cGMP level 
of manufacturing. 
 
After then, there is also a logical extension. And we have clearly laid down our 
internal thinking process as well. This is the first step of our business progression. 
And once we lock in some of the customers, we also have a further capacity 
expansion to make the final oligonucleotide at scale. So, this is the broad plan that 
we have, which cannot happen unless you have a multi-kilo level cGMP 
manufacturing capability. 
 
Last but not least, it is also important to understand these capabilities have to exist 
in a regulatory approved plant. This particular block is coming in in a USFDA 
approved site, so, which gives the comfort for the innovator companies to come and 
qualify us. I hope this answers your question, Harith. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Yes, sir. That is helpful. And then the last one is on the expansion at NJ Bio. Your 
release talks about post this expansion, supplying Phase 1 to clinical quantities. But 
when I look at our payload capabilities, we already supply at commercial scale. So, 
how should we think about further enhancing our bioconjugation capabilities to 
commercial scale? 
Vivek Sharma: 
So, Harith, you know, at NJ Bio, as we move, we are adding capacity on conjugation 
suites. As part of acquisition of NJ Bio, we also have facility available very close to 
Princeton and NJ Bio, which can be converted at a very fast pace to build commercial 
capability.  
 
And as customer progresses, as I said, we are investing behind customers. As 
customer makes progress on the molecules, let there go, we can convert the facility. 
It is actually a semi-built facility that is already ready in a pharma park with lot of 
basic infrastructure. The time to make this existing site to a commercial is very fast.  
 
However, we are investing where the customer needed and with this customer that 
we are working and the others that we are talking to. As the molecule progresses 
from the stage that we are working, if we see the need, we have plans ready that we 
can very quickly expand into commercial capability and then work accordingly.  
 
Right now our focus is to really finish this site quickly and then take the molecules 
forward and deliver on what we had and then see the readouts and then accordingly 
invest capital behind our customer growth. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Understood, sir. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just one question was on the 1Q performance and relative to what the Fiscal '26 
outlook is. Sir, margins have come in lower, and even if you adjust for the one-off 
expenses, 23%-24%, you've guarded for a low 30% kind of margin. So, what gives 
us confidence?  
 
You also mentioned about these de-stocking. I presume it is in CDMO. Just want to 
understand how should the rest of the quarters pan out and what gives us the 
confidence of the guidance for Fiscal '26 remains intact? 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
As mentioned during the call, we have reiterated our guidance both for FY '26 and 
more importantly for the FY '30 or 2030, $1 billion. So, we remain committed to 
delivering the $1 billion, INR 85 billion in 2030. 
 
If you notice, we have kind of carved out the impact of the destocking molecules. 
And as we know that CDMO business has these peaks and troughs. And we had 
called out that there are two commercial molecules where we are experiencing de-
stocking. 
 
If you isolate that, and if you peel the onion, you realize that pharma CDMO has 
grown at around 30% and all three engines are actually firing. Because you look at 
spec chem, it is growing at 28%, API has grown at 90%. So, while we have always 
maintained that this is a business which we should not look at quarter-to-quarter, and 
that is what I will stay firm with you as well. We should not interpret anything from a 
quarter-to-quarter business. 
 
I think the most important thing that we have also called out during the quarter is the 
contribution coming from the niche technologies. And we have mentioned that the 
niche technology share of the total revenue has steadily grown from mid-teens in last 
year to early 20s. And we are expecting it to be mid-20s as we end FY '26. 
 
I think that should also give us confidence of how the niche technologies, which is 
where we are building a platform, and we are calling that out very categorically for 
2030, is growing. 
 
So, I believe that we remain firm on our 2030 guidance of $1 billion, as well as mid-
EBITDA, which we have called out. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Himanshu, thank you for that, but I was more looking at '26 only. So, if you could just 
rehash and tell us what the current year guidance only is because maybe there are 
some confusion on the previous call. So, what are we calling for organic growth for 
Fiscal '26, full-year? And what is the margin levels that we are expecting for full-year 
Fiscal '26? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Shyam, thank you for this question because it helps me clarify our position very 
clearly. So, see, for us, the organic and inorganic are two sides of the same coin. It 
is about capital allocation. And I think as an organization, we do believe, we have 
created this platform in the last 5 years, based on a mix of organic and inorganic. 
 
So, that is the way we have been. And we do believe that we have the secret sauce 
of integrating first finding out, leveraging those assets, buying them, and then 
integrating to create a niche technology platform. That is what we have been doing.  
 
So, for us, inorganic growth is a core part of our thesis. And you will see that we 
continue to add value-accretive, high-quality businesses. I think we should consider 
this as an appropriate use of our capital to acquire capabilities, geographical 
presences, as well as customer versus other organic model of doing CAPEX and 
building the same over a longer period of time. For us, inorganic is a way to scale up 
business, and ultimately, the investment in CAPEX will yield the right results for us.  
 
So, I would urge you guys to kind of think about it in the way we look at and not 
separating it as an organic or inorganic. It is just a capital allocation philosophy. And 
maybe our philosophy may be slightly different in the way we run our business. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Himanshu. I have not got the answer, but I will take it offline. 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abdulkader P: 
So, my first question is with regards to the opening remarks on your interaction with 
the Japanese customer. So, where are we in this discussion now? And do we have 
any visibility of certain onboarding of certain plans or certain new projects coming in, 
in the near term? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Thank you so much for your question. Our relationship is very strong. We are heavily 
committed to that part of the world. We have a full-time, very experienced, dedicated 
resource just for the CDMO business in addition to the Oligo resources and actually 
all different parts of the businesses that we have, all three engines. Actually, that is 
a very unique thing. CDMO, API, specialty chem, ADC, and Oligo. All five of them 
are seeing interaction from Japan area. 
 
This recent trip that I did, we met with a lot of existing customers, a lot of new 
customers along with actually Dr. Naresh and also we met with some very large 
innovators and had very exciting meetings. I am happy to share Dr. Naresh is actually 
going back again because customers want to see him and discuss some of the 
important things.  
 
So, in addition to existing relationship, we have actually onboarded a new customer, 
which I talked about in my opening remark. It is also from Japan on a CDMO. That 
is a commercial molecule. That tech transfer is going on. That is scaling. And we are 
expected to reach its full potential at least based on our projection the next year, 
year-and-a-half timeframe, right? So, that is happening. 
 
On the spec chem, actually, we have onboarded a Japanese customer last quarter, 
and we are doing a very early phase work with them, and that is looking very, very 
promising. 
 
So, we have multiple relationships with Japan. We continue to invest time, and I am 
personally committed to see a lot of growth coming from that area. The relationship 
with customers is very strong. And we are excited, I think, with the potential with 
existing products with same customers, with new products with the same customers 
and the new customer pipeline that we are developing in that area. 
Abdulkader P: 
And just one more on your API business. How does this fit into the entire scheme of 
things when we are approaching innovators and at the same time we have this 
generic business? So, what is the perception that the innovators would have when 
we are into a generic kind of a business or a business model? 
Prasada Raju: 
Thank you for this question to clarify ourselves. The very fact that we have defined 
our thesis for API+ is not to compete with the innovator companies on Paragraph IV 
filings. It is more of a matured product with a deeper cost leadership position by 
securing global capacity where we can gain a market leadership position. Those are 
all the products that we always play. 
 
On the contrary, you must have followed our commentary in the early part of our con 
call where we mentioned one of the branded products was qualified by the innovator 
company which API belongs to them?  
 
So, what it implies is we become a lifecycle management solution providers for the 
innovator companies for their matured molecules. In fact, it actually complements 
our strategy of CDMO by complementing our overall skill set about API.  

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
As you understand, the skill set and the regulatory environment that is required for 
making intermediate to API is completely different. So, we have that unique 
competency and that complements and propels the growth of both the engines of 
CDMO as well as API+.  
 
Vivek, you want to add something? 
Vivek Sharma: 
No, I think you complemented. So, we are seeing good traction, Abdul, just in 
addition to the one that Dr. Prasada talked. I actually had a discussion with a different 
customer recently and they were looking at different businesses and when they 
looked at our products, they were very excited and they immediately started inquiring 
about two APIs that we do because they are securing it from a very high cost area 
and the immediate inquiry was, can we work with you guys.. 
 
I personally see it is very complementary. It is helping our customers and the 
innovators actually optimize their costs, accelerate their speed, and then even have 
alternate sources in certain places. 
Abdulkader P: 
And so, final one is for me. So, your capacity expansion at NJ and Sapala, so when 
does that come on board? And when you talk about the niche specialties scaling up 
to, say, 25%, is that going to be driven by the new capacities for your building block? 
Vivek Sharma: 
So, the expansion of Oligo site at our Nacharam site is actually in late stages of 
construction. We expect some validation and other things to happen next quarter. 
And I think by the end of this calendar year, we should have it live. We are actually 
already having some active discussions with customers to really bring some products 
there. 
 
ADC sites, the work has already started. And the timeline for that could be early 
calendar next year, somewhere at that time frame. A lot depends on, I think, some 
of the other factors there. But we are aggressively pursuing and trying to force the 
contractors to finish it before the end of fiscal year. 
 
So, we should see some traction this year. Our hope is that on both of them, we are 
having active discussions. We should see, sign up some contracts. But next year, 
we will see a full-fledged impact of those sites. 
Abdulkader P: 
Thank you for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine Investments 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
The first question I have is this one-time expenses that we have, when can we expect 
them to not appear in P&L because the way I look at it, the more we do M&A, the 
more this one-time will keep on coming. So, if you can throw some light on this one-
time expenses that you classify, is this the last year assuming there are no further 
M&A or is there a last quarter? That is one because that is a significant part of our 
EBITDA bridge. That is why I am asking. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
For us, what we do is we classify the non-operating related expenditure into the one-
time expenses. The nature of business is such that we have an employee ESOPs 
and that we categorize as one-time expenses or these appear as whatever you wish 
to call them, these are the adjustments that appear there, right? 
 
For us in the current quarter, we have also incurred certain professional and legal 
services, which is associated with talent acquisition and contractual compliances. 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Now, these are actually part of our ongoing commitment to secure top talent and 
protecting company’s intellectual property as well as competitive positions. 
 
In auditor's view, this was considered as a one-time expenses and it was classified 
as such. So, that is what they are pertaining to this quarter. I think it is very difficult 
for me to answer a question about when they can disappear. I mean, I would be as 
interested as you that they disappear. But that is the correct nature of the business. 
Chirag Shah: 
Because in '24 we had the reasonable amount. In '25, we had a reasonable amount 
of one-time. And your EBITDA bridge really changes simply because of this number. 
I understand Forex is a different thing altogether and I appreciate that. So, that is 
one.  
 
Second question is just again coming back to F'26 outlook. The way to look at this is 
there has to be a significant ramp up in H2 CDMO for us to have a 30% kind of 
margin given the way that Q1 has played out. Is this the right understanding or 
assumption for us to be closer to 30% margin, H2 has to be a significant ramp up in 
pharma CDMO?  
 
And a related question is, this 30% adjusted growth in pharma CDMO you called out, 
any indication from customer by when this inventory de-stocking will get over or at 
what stage they are? Because that... 
Vivek Sharma: 
Chirag, I think two points. One, we have reiterated our guidance for FY '26. Number 
two, we have commented that we are a long-term business. We are investing in the 
business to deliver a $1 billion by 2030 and mid-30s EBITDA. I think that is the 
guidance we would want you to look into and consider.   
 
As far as destocking is concerned, allow me to finish my second part of the question. 
As far as destocking of the commercial molecules is concerned, we had mentioned 
that it is a year phenomenon. At Quarter 1, it is very difficult for the customer to share 
any appreciation more than what they have shared at this stage.  
Chirag Shah: 
This is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vivek Agarwal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
The question is related to API supply contract that you got for a branded product. 
You have mentioned in the opening remarks. So, just want to understand what kind 
of the product it is, and what is the overall market size of that product at an innovator 
level, and from your end, when you can commercialize that product?  
Prasada Raju: 
It is a commercial product for us in that we are not making for customers. Based on 
our experience of making this product with long-term stability and our proven track 
record, customers actually qualified us, which enables us to increase our market 
share from what it is now to a substantial level. At this stage, we can share up to this 
extent. 
 
We will definitely be the dominant market player for this particular product with this 
new addition of the innovator as a lifecycle management solution. We can be one of 
the largest in the globe for this molecule. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
So, this product is already commercialized by the innovator in the market actually, if 
I understand. 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Prasada Raju: 
So, already commercial for the innovators, and they have been sourcing from one of 
the European counterpart. Because of their strategic change, they are looking for a 
long-term sustainable partner outside of Europe. That is how, it is a long process. It 
took almost six quarters’ time to reach to the stage what we are talking about. 
Otherwise, it is a fully, fully commercial product for the innovator under their own 
brand. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
And what would be the overall market size of the product at an innovator level? 
Prasada Raju: 
It is difficult to put that number attached to it right now. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
No problem at all. Just one more question around this destocking. It is quite common 
in the CDMO business, right? So, is it possible for you to highlight what is the reason 
for the destocking by the innovator? And is it possible you can see some kind of a 
ramp up in the coming quarters from these couple of molecules? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
I think it is a customer specific point which is there. I am assuming that it would be a 
function of many subjects including inventory management and the commercial 
demand from their side. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
So, for these two products, whatever supplies that you made in this particular quarter, 
so these are likely to remain more or less similar for the rest of the year. Is it the right 
way to look at? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Sorry, Vivek, your voice is not clear for us. Could you please repeat the question? 
Vivek Agarwal: 
No problem, I will take it from Cyndrella later. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhawal Khut from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Dhawal Khut: 
On the 2030 guidance, which is a $1 billion, how much you think the current platform 
can get you up to? Very, very, very ballpark because, let's say, in Fiscal '25, we were 
at almost $335 million and we need to reach $1 billion. So, that is almost a gap of 
$660 million. So, how much of this delta can the current platform bridge?  
 
I won't hold on to those numbers because I know it is early days. But you think like 
80%-90% of it is achievable by the current capability, you just need to invest into the 
capacities and maybe inch up on the capability curve, or you think there are big 
missing gaps, and the current platform can get maybe 50%-60% of it, and there are 
other capabilities that you need to really get into the market, and post that, you will 
probably be able to get into the rest of the delta of this 2030 guidance? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Dhawal, honestly, you know, we could go for an hour on this particular subject. I 
mean, obviously for us as an organization, there is very deep work that has been 
done before we have articulated this. I am genuinely struggling as to where to start 
and where to end the answer to this question.  
 
Let me give you a pointer. One of the reasons we have called out the niche tech and 
the share of revenue is for the very reason for the investors to appreciate and 
understand how we have been investing behind niche tech and how that share of 
revenue is growing.  
 
If I mention what we have articulated, we were at mid-teens in FY '25. We have 
increased the share of revenue to early 20s, and we are guiding to mid-20s in niche 
tech. And if you look at some of the earlier materials we have shared, niche tech is 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
slated to grow upwards of 22% to 25% in the market. And we believe that we can 
get a dominant share there.  
 
So, I would like to end it here because I think this is a subject where we could spend 
a lot of time working together on this and helping you relate to the entire strategic 
direction of the company. 
Dhawal Khut: 
And secondly, from a tariff standpoint, how does the math work on the spec chem., 
ag chem? Is it exposed to the U.S.? Or do you think the exposure to the U.S. is 
extremely low  and that is not really an area to be looked into? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Our supplies in ag chem. are to LATAM. So, we are not exposed to you guys. In the 
spec chem, on the Olig piece, our customer is specifically willing to pick up the tariff 
if and when the tariff was to get implemented. So, we are not having an exposure on 
either of the two segments on the tariff side. 
Dhawal Khut: 
This is helpful. Just a few bits on the bookkeeping side. So, what was the reason for 
other income? And how do you see that going forward?  
 
And secondly, on ESOP charges, what year do you expect them to hit our P&L? And 
what could be the ballpark quantum? Will it be sort of a starting number next two, 
three years? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
ESOP charges is not a static number. I think it has been variable in FY '25 versus 
'26. In all fairness, we have been waiting for completion of the merger. There will be 
further ESOPs which have to be granted, and hence the charge will increase on the 
ESOP. 
Dhawal Khut: 
So, what kind of charge are we expecting for '26? Any expectation for '27 as well? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
No, it is too early. I have to work with our HR colleagues. I don't have visibility to 
share with you at this stage. Please allow me some time. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Yes, sure, no issue. And on the other income, how do we see that shaping up into 
next few quarters and for the year? Because from a Q-o-Q standpoint, there is a 
significant fall. Was a payment for some of the acquisition done in 4Q or is there 
something else? Is it PLI income? Something, something else? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
No, no, I think we need to, okay, a majority part of the other income was the Treasury-
related income, which was invested when we acquired the assets of NJ Bio and 
Sapala. So, that is what has led to the decline in the other income apart from other 
minor elements of it. 
Dhawal Khut: 
So, this is the sort of number that we can look forward to in the next few quarters. Is 
that right understanding? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Dhawal, you will have to really excuse me for these kind of questions.  
Dhawal Khut: 
No problem.  
Himanshu Agarwal: 
See, the cash balance will determine the other income, right? And we are reporting 
healthy cash in the balance sheet. 
Dhawal Khut: 
Thank you. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, everyone. We look forward to our next call. Thanks for your time and 
joining us.  
Vivek Sharma: 
Thank you.  
Prasada Raju: 
Thank you all of you.  
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Cohance Lifesciences Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of the content, wherever 
appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
 
