Sundram Fasteners Limited
REGISTERED & CORPORATE .OFFICE
98-A. VII FLOOR
DR. RADHAKRISHNAN SALAI
MYLAPORE. CHENNAI . 600 004. INDIA
TELEPHONE : +91 . 44 . 28478500
PAN 
: AAACS8779D
CIN 
: L35999TN1962PLC004943
WEBSITE 
: www.sundram.com
Email: investorshelpdesk(a>sfl.co.in
August 6, 2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Symbol - SUNDRMFAST
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
By NEAPS
BSE Limited
Scrip Code - 500403
Phi Roze Jeejeebhoy Towers
DalaI Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
By Listinq Centre
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015-Transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet held on
August 1, 2025
Further to our letter dated July 28, 2025, on the subject, please find attached the transcript of the Analysts
/ Investors meet held on August 1, 2025 (Friday) for your information and records.
mle transcript is also available on the Company's website at https://www.sundram.com/recentupdate.php
Please take the above information on record.
Tbanking you,
Yours truly,
For SUNDRAM FASTENERS LIMITED
G Anand Babu
Senior Manager – Finance & Company Secretary
GOPALAKRIS
HNAN 
ANAND BABU
Digitally signed by GOPALAKRISHNAN 
ANAND BABU 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=600088, st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=D811BCBC1CBB3CBA3D
D81D6257A1CF8A5124DFBDA9C64139
27ACD1A52C08D79B, 
cn=GOPALAKRISHNAN ANAND BABU 
Date: 2025.08.06 15:09:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
“Sundram Fasteners Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. DILIP KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SUNDRAM FASTENERS LIMITED 
 
MR. S. BHARATHAN – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
MARKETING – SUNDRAM FASTENERS LIMITED 
 
MR. R. GANESH – VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND 
PROJECTS – SUNDRAM FASTENERS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MUKESH SARAF – AVENDUS SPARK 
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sundram Fasteners Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Avendus Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark Institutional. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Thank you, Pari. Good morning, everyone. Mukesh here from Avendus Spark. Appreciate 
everybody logging into this first quarter FY '26 Earnings Call of Sundram Fasteners. From the 
management team, I'm pleased to host Mr. R. Dilip Kumar, Chief Financial Officer;  
Mr. S. Bharathan, Executive Vice President, Marketing; and Mr. R. Ganesh, Vice President, 
Finance and Projects. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Dilip Kumar for his opening remarks, post which we'll begin 
the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Dilip Kumar: 
Thanks, Mukesh, and good morning, and welcome to the Sundram Fasteners Q1 Earnings Call. 
So we started off well in the domestic segment, and we had growth slightly higher than the 
industry across all segments, commercial vehicles, engine, passenger vehicles, tractors, all 
segments we have performed well. 
 
As expected, because of the uncertainty in the overseas markets, exports, we have to see how it 
evolves in the coming quarters. We have finished the quarter at INR1,367 crores compared to 
corresponding revenues of INR1,021 crores. 
 
One of the things which has helped is the performance of the European customers and the -- our 
invoicing in Europe and as well as GBP, which have appreciated sharply against the U.S. dollar, 
we have benefited from foreign exchange movement. Also the favorable raw material prices, 
which have remained benign. 
 
And thanks to the procurement mix, we've been able to bring the margins -- we have been able 
to reduce the material cost and up the gross margins. And again, due to favorable product mix, 
we've had a lower charge on account of stores and tools as well as subcontract expenditure. 
 
And internationally, the freight outward costs have also come down compared to Q1 of last year. 
And one surprise element is the -- for us is the -- our power procurement, again, has been 
favorable. The renewable energy mix has increased, which is also cost competitive for us. And 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
our -- after accounting for fixed expenditure increased on account of salary revision. We have 
reported EBITDA of INR238 crores at 17.5% compared to 17% for Q1 of last year and 15.6% 
of Q4. 
 
The borrowings are also showing a declining trend. And not only the borrowing, the working 
capital components as well the receivables are well under control, so our inventory. And we 
expect the capital expenditure to be around INR300 crores this year. And we have recorded 
reported PBT of INR186 crores, which is the highest for us, and also profit after tax of INR138 
crores, which is again the highest for the quarter. 
 
And like I said, the -- all the balance sheet parameters are looking up, including the asset turns, 
both gross asset turns and net asset turns have moved up. And the outlook, we are reasonably 
positive for Q2. And on the questions on the -- which may come relating to the tariff, I think 
most of the customers have been supportive, and we've been able to negotiate and reasonable 
reimbursements from all our customers. So we don't -- we are not seeing any challenge on that 
front. 
 
And with these opening remarks, we are open to now questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My first question is, how big is aftermarket an opportunity for us? And what proportion of our 
business comes from aftermarket? 
Management: 
The aftermarket business for Sundram overall is around 12% to 13%. And that business, we 
have been steadily growing, serving the auto segment as well as the industrial segment. We see 
a good headroom for growth in that segment, which we have been pursuing for the last 3 to 5 
years. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, in the automotive or the industrial segment, which is a bigger opportunity for us in the 
aftermarket? Is it 12% to 13% you said... 
Management: 
Industrial segment, we see across various segments. When I mean industrial segment, we serve, 
say, for example, the steel industry, the cement industry. So it covers a host of industries, 
machine tool manufacturers. So there, we see a large headroom for further growth. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So any steps are we taking to make this 12%, 13% aftermarket business a bigger segment -- a 
bigger portion of revenue for us in the -- going ahead for the next 4 to 5 years? 
Management: 
It's a constant endeavor, but these percentages or proportioned, may remain somewhere between 
10% to 15%. As you know, the automotive carbon business is relationship based, and we have 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
our commitments to the OE segment in the domestic market and our export customers. So we 
will be able to participate in the market, but my sense is that our proportion of the retail in the 
overall scheme of things may remain within these levels. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. My next question is on the export market. How is that working out for us, sir? Can you 
give some view? 
Management: 
See, I think currently, the export market is a bit hazy. I think things are not clear. If you take 
North America, there's a lot of confusion regarding the emission norms that are to kick in, EPA 
27 norms that are to kick in '27. And also this tariff-related issues have created a demand slump 
in North America with some of our major customers, while some are holding on. And on the 
Europe side, I think we are doing slightly better. It's not as confusing as it. And Europe has also 
improved over the past couple of years compared to what it was 2 years back. I think the 
situation in Europe is panning out much better. 
 
So overall, I would say we are slightly down or on par with what we were last year and hoping 
to improve by the Q4 of this year, that is post October, the third quarter of this year, we see 
improvement. And the various sub-segments in North America are also indicating that the 
improvements might come towards the end of the year. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Sir my last question is, what are the key risks do you see in a business like Sundram 
Fasteners? 
Management: 
The risks at this point in time, we have made investments in our -- creating additional capacity, 
and we want full utilization in the asset terms to improve. And -- so we expect the export market 
schedules to improve for some of our parts, especially hybrid vehicles from our overseas 
customers in Q2 -- our Q2 and for our parts -- electric vehicles to improve from Q4. And -- so 
the markets, even overseas markets, the demand pattern is not clear. It's evolving. So that export 
market, I would think as our primary from risk perspective as the issue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Rohit Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Good to see the beat on the domestic side of the business. First question, sir, if you can explain 
what's been working for us that we've delivered this outperformance on the domestic market? 
Management: 
See, on the domestic market, first, our coverage is much higher, whether it is the heavy 
commercial, medium commercial, light commercial, engines, passenger cars or tractors, I think 
our coverage is quite big. We are participating with almost the entire industry. And almost with 
all our customers, we are the major stakeholders in terms of share of business. 
 
We are a major stakeholder. And when it comes to specific segments, say, for example, in the 
medium and high commercial, the shift to the higher tonnage vehicles and multi-axle vehicles 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
has helped us in the sense that our participation has become much higher and the pack value of 
our parts have improved. 
 
Similarly, in the tractor segment also, the shift towards the higher HP, higher horsepower 
tractors has helped us in the sense that we have been the first to develop parts for this industry 
in this segment, and it has also helped us by way of share increase and more penetration in those 
segments. 
 
Same is the case with the SUV improvement, which is now 66% of the passenger car segment. 
There also, our participation with the SUVs has helped us. So overall, we are progressing with 
the industry, and we are slightly outperforming the industry because of our increased 
participation and share. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And this is -- this you say it only for fasteners or across components? 
Management: 
Across the company for all our product groups. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Okay. Secondly, sir, any kind of update or clarity on how do we see the production schedules 
wrapping -- picking up for the EV order that we've got from the American customer? 
Management: 
See, on the EV orders, I think there has been a further shift in terms of Stellantis, one of our 
major customers, we see the EV and the EV vehicles getting shifted to over by one more quarter. 
And earlier, it was supposed to be from July, but then it's going to the end of the year. 
 
And while on the GM front, I think since they introduced the vehicles much earlier, a couple of 
years back, it's steady, though it's not as per the indicative schedules, the GM EV program is 
going on, and we are on track with that. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
So for the GM side, are we aiming for some INR150 crores, INR200 crores of revenue this year? 
Or could it be lower? 
Management: 
It will be upwards of INR250 crores for General Motors as an individual customer. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
So specifically for the EV orders, the new orders that we got, I'm asking about that, not the 
whole business that we do with GM? 
Management: 
No, I think the EV order with the GM depends on the pull with respect to the specific customer. 
There, we are meeting the required volumes in full. So that is how I would put it because the 
contract or order creation of capacity is for X level, but they have settled down. And based on 
the EDA pull, we are servicing the customers' requirements. 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
So fair to assume that it will take 2 to 3 years to reach the optimum annual run rate for the EV 
order? 
Management: 
Maybe 1 to 1.5 years, that is how I would put it. Because last year, they had some technical 
glitches, supply chain issues. I think GM has addressed all of them. So I think it is on its course. 
And by next year, same time, they should be at the full hog. 
Management: 
Again, our capacities are well established. And depending on what the customer wants, and 
depending on the market, the consumer preferences in the U.S. If the demand is for ICE vehicles, 
we are happy to supply. And if the demand is for plug-in hybrid, we are there. If it's an EV, we 
are there. So we have no choice in terms of controlling that. But depending on the consumer 
preference, we are well positioned. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it. And just two more questions. One, we alluded in the opening remarks that the product 
mix was better. Can you throw some more light on that? I mean which components or how do 
you define that improved product mix? 
Management: 
This is again, as I said in my response to an earlier question, higher tonnage... 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
High tonnage, okay. 
Management: 
The higher tonnage and the SUVs and the high HP tractors, these give us a... 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
These are the reasons, okay. 
Management: 
Advantage compared to the normal mix. Wind energy fasteners compared to the last year same 
quarter, I think with the added capacity, which has come on stream, that has also helped in 
generating additional revenue from this segment. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it. And lastly, sir, what will be the proportion of the power that we are generating from 
renewables right now versus, say, a year back? 
Management: 
Renewable energy, it's about 51%, 52%, and we are aiming for the year at 55% plus. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
55% plus. 
Management: 
Yes, yes. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And what were those number last year, sir? 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
Management: 
Last year, we closed at around 51%. Today, we are hovering at 52%. I think with the additional 
inflow of renewable energy, which generally kicks in from July, so we should see better 
numbers. 
Management: 
That some of our plants, four of them are located outside Tamil Nadu, where the renewable 
energy policy is not well established. So therefore, the 98% of the procurement in the non-Tamil 
Nadu, outside Tamil Nadu is from the board, where the power cost is very high. So maybe 
roughly around 75% of our revenues or production is from Tamil Nadu. Therefore, you have to 
see this 55% or 60% in the context of 75%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Ikigai Asset Manager. 
Pankaj: 
My question is on the growth. Can you just help us understand from where we are in the next 
couple of years, how is growth coming back? What are the drivers both on non-auto as well as 
auto? The order is taking time to ramp up. We have capacity... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Pankaj, can you please bring your device closer to you and speak loudly. 
Pankaj: 
Can you hear me now? 
Management: 
Better. 
Pankaj: 
Yes. No. So from a growth side, sir, can you help us understand from both the U.S. ramp-up on 
the auto side and on the non-industrial side, how should we look at growth coming back? And 
if you can help us quantify on the non-auto side, how is the growth panning out from both 
defense, aerospace, railways and the other industrial side. So that will be helpful because growth 
has been a little subdued as we speak over the last few years? 
Management: 
Yes. We'll start with the domestic front. If we look at the auto, I think we are currently 
outperforming the auto segment and also that has been our own -- even earlier, we've been doing 
this, and we are participating in all the new platforms, and we are there. As far as the non-auto 
side in the domestic is concerned, I think wind energy, we started quite some years back. And 
last year and this year, we have made -- we've seen good cushion in wind energy segment and 
the growth it has helped -- aided our growth. And we are participating in all the new platforms 
as far as the EV segment is concerned, though it is a bit early today in India. We are there. In 
some of the -- many of our product lines, we are there. 
 
Similarly, on the railways also, we have made forays. It's still early days, but still on railways 
and -- as well as the defense we are looking at good opportunities coming our way. And we have 
a road map for that, which will definitely help achieve our better mix in terms of the auto, non-
auto mix that we are targeting. And coming to the retail segment, as explained by Mr. Ganesh 
also earlier, the industrial segment, we have a huge headroom... 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
Management: 
I think I had explained the domestic OE actions that are in place for the growth. I'll now continue 
with the actions on the retail side, wherein we are constantly looking at range improvement and 
also diversification plus a continuous dealer onboarding by all our teams on the ground. 
 
And as I said, in the industrial segment, we have a good headroom, and we are looking at all 
opportunities to leverage on that. And on the export side, while the scene looks a bit muted now, 
we are ready with all the new platforms with all our OEMs -- with the current OEMs that we 
are participating with. 
 
And so going forward, we should be seeing good opportunities. Other than that, we are also 
looking at increasing our customer base in the regions of not only North America, but 
diversifying it with other geographies and in Europe and other places. So I think overall, we are 
trying to diversify in terms of geography, in terms of products and in terms of ranges. This is 
what we are looking at from a growth perspective. 
Management: 
See, on the wind energy portion, while you had asked for growth drivers, while the initial phase 
of expansion was over, which has helped us to move from INR200-and-odd crores per annum 
to now INR350 crores plus, I think we are in for the third phase of expansion where already we 
have committed INR75 crores plus with respect to the expansion. 
 
So I think that will help the wind energy segment to grow. And with respect to railways and 
defense, while we have been supplying, I think it's still more in the start-up phase and probably 
in the next 2 to 3 years, it should help in adding sizable amount of revenue. 
 
In terms of the aerospace, while we were doing, say, $2 million to $3 million, I think with the 
drive and presence in aerospace segment and where we have also got accreditation from 
NADCAP, that has helped us in terms of moving it to say, $6 million to $7 million. So we are 
working in that direction, and we should see that growing to INR100 crores plus in the next 2 
to 3 years. These are the growth drivers we are working on. 
Pankaj: 
Great quite helpful. And just quickly, this quarter was just 2.5% top line growth. For the whole 
year, what's your sense? Should we move into double digits? Or what's the outlook for the 
remainder of the year? 
Management: 
We have reported 4% growth in Q1 and -- largely arising out of domestic market, but should 
the exports also revise and conditions improve, and then definitely, 8% to 9% is the direction. 
Pankaj: 
For the whole year? 
Management: 
For the whole year, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
I'll just ask a couple of questions until we have people in the queue. First up, sir, you had 
mentioned about tariffs and the fact that most of the customers have been accommodative. But 
could you give some more sense like are there any customers where we have to bear some 
portion of the tariff? Could you just give more color on that, sir? 
Management: 
No. At this point in time, there are no cases where we've been asked to bear and customers have 
been supportive. And while understandably, they are not giving a clear commitment in terms of 
saying that they will sell 100%. The composition also keeps changing depending on the situation 
emerging there month-on-month. But in Q1 so far, we have been good with all our customers. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Understood. And also, you had mentioned about Europe. I think historically, Europe is not a 
large portion of our overall exports. Any sense what is it now? I mean, how much of our overall 
exports is now non-U.S.? 
Management: 
So with respect to Europe, Mukesh, it would be about 15% of our overall exports. And U.K. 
would be another 5%. So between the larger Europe combining with U.K., we will be looking 
at 20%. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. And are we like kind of in terms of looking at further new business here, specifically 
from Europe, U.K., these kind of geographies as a longer-term goal, are we seeing any traction 
there? There is also the U.K. FTA. So any clarity or any visibility there that this business could 
grow significantly for us? 
Management: 
Yes. See, as far as the U.K. FTA is concerned, I think it's too early to talk on that. But definitely, 
we see opportunities there. I don't discount that. But on the Europe side, yes, we are looking at 
new customers and expansion in our Europe geography. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. But it's not like -- I mean, this year, is it like a near-term benefit we can see? Or is it more 
longer term? 
Management: 
I would say it is medium term because given the nature of our products, the time to start up 
production from the development from the word go is a bit high, as you know. So I think it 
would be -- I would call it a medium term and a sustainable. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Understood. And on the domestic business, I think in one of the answers you had mentioned 
about product mix being better and the fact that we are also now with more SUVs vis-a-vis 
historically being with more hatchbacks. So is this a trend we can expect to continue? And the 
reason I'm asking is in the last couple of years, we have underperformed the domestic market. 
 
This quarter, we have started outperforming it. So should we say that some of your efforts are 
already yielding results? And from here on, we can continue to outperform the domestic market 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
with more SUVs and maybe more business with some of the customers which are seeing 
growing market share? 
Management: 
Yes, Mukesh, that is our sense, too. Yes. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. So that -- so we can expect this to continue. 
Management: 
We can expect this to continue where the industry shift is towards the higher end in all the 
segments, sub-segments. So we hope to get the benefits of that. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Understood. And in continuation with domestic business itself, we are also seeing a lot of 
domestic OEMs launching EVs, Mahindra, Tata, Hyundai, all of them. So because we already 
have some of these products on the shafts and on the differentials, etcetera, are we seeing any 
traction in terms of supplying these driveline products for domestic passenger vehicle EVs as 
well? 
Management: 
Yes. I think in quite a few of our product ranges, we are looking at opportunities in EV, where 
the product nature is also not very much different from that needed for the ICE engines. And in 
some product ranges where it has to be distinctly different, also we are working, but that is a bit 
of a slower process. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Rohit Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
My question was largely on the margin front. So while I appreciate the reasons that you've 
highlighted in the opening remarks for better margins also this year. But I wanted to understand 
what will be those factors that will help us reach that 17%, 18% mark that we used to have, say, 
a couple of years back? Are we still -- do we still believe that we can reach that mark in, say, a 
year or 2? And what will be the factors contributing to that? 
Management: 
Once the traction improves in the export segment and where the realization are historically 
higher, the margin will definitely improve. The second factor for margin expansion is the 
stability or further reduction in raw material price. 
 
And as we have said several times, the raw material prices, especially steel rods and bars, which 
were around INR45,000 to INR50,000 2 years back, had moved up to INR85,000 to INR90,000, 
and now they have stabilized around INR70,000. So until they roll back, this further expansion 
is unlikely. 
 
The third driver is, of course, the operational efficiency is our constant endeavor and with yield 
improvements and changing the procurement mix, depending on the segment mix also as we 
sell more in the aftermarket, the cost of raw material tends to be lower. 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
 
And also, again, depending on the product mix, the indirect material and the subcontracting 
operations, they also undergo a change, depends on the product actually. So there are many 
considerations. So operationally, we have room for margin expansion and the revival of the 
exports. 
 
The one significant piece is, of course, the raw material costs, which I explained. So these are 
the three drivers. And getting back to 19%, 19.5% may be a challenge, but definitely, there is 
room for another 1%-odd. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
That's good. Secondly, sir, on the other income, we have a big number this quarter. So if you 
can help me understand, is it -- what is the composition over there? And is it something which 
is a little one-off or I mean, one-off in the sense not recurring? 
Management: 
Yes. Partly, yes, there have been settlement towards insurance claims and also the higher 
realization from our euro receivables and GBP receivables may not be there in subsequent 
quarters. But then having said that, the euro-INR, GBP INR fairly weak, and our revenues are 
accruing at the current level, so there will be a bit of reduction, but not as high as what we report. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it, sir. And I believe the program that you had on capex is something that will maybe end 
this year or partly next year. So FY '28, do we see any major capex? Or would it be largely 
maintenance? 
Management: 
No, we will have growth. It's a combination of both. Typically, we have seen from experience 
about 25% of our capital expenditure replacement. So that will continue. And selectively for 
specific customer requirements, we expand capacity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihaar Shah from Ikigai Asset Managers. 
Nihaar Shah: 
Just continuing on the previous question on the margins front, we've kind of gone back to closer 
to the 60% gross margin that we used to do a couple of years back. But there seems to be a drag 
in terms of our operating structure, right? I know while you mentioned that we are kind of 
focusing on operational efficiency and yield improvement. Could you just call out the factors 
which is leading to this deterioration of cost structure between gross margin and EBITDA? 
Management: 
So between gross margin and EBITDA, we have 3 or 4 major elements. The stores and tools, 
our indirect materials which is a major component. Subcontract, which is another major 
component, and we have repairs and maintenance, we have power cost and freight cost. 
 
If -- like I explained, the repairs and maintenance have been a bit lower this quarter because 
sometimes these are need-based and apart from routine maintenance, some of the overhaul or 
inspections may not happen every quarter unless there is a need, which was there in Q4 and -- 
which is not there now. 

 
 
Sundram Fasteners Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
 
 
And like I explained, the international freight costs compared to June '24 have dropped by more 
than $1,000 if you are exporting from Chennai to Michigan. And also the favorable supply of 
renewable energy in the power exchange this year. Hydropower supplies increased, therefore, 
the costs have fallen in the exchange. 
 
So all of this have helped. And apart from this, the product mix has played a role in lower 
consumption of indirect materials and our subcontracting operations. So all this have helped to 
expand the margin at the contribution level. And our fixed costs have remained fairly stable. 
And whatever expansion in the contribution level, which we have seen have completely passed 
through to the EBITDA. 
Nihaar Shah: 
Okay. Because if I just compare it to your performance last year or even the same time last year, 
the same quarter, while we've seen improvement in gross margins this quarter, that doesn't seem 
to be flowing through to the EBITDA. So just -- and we've had the benefit of better freight rate... 
Management: 
Can you speak a bit louder or come near the speaker, we're not able to hear you. 
Nihaar Shah: 
So while we've seen benefits on freight and like you mentioned on power as well, the benefits 
of improvement in gross margins aren't seeming to flow through to EBITDA. So just was 
wondering if there is anything that is a drag in case in the cost structure here? 
Management: 
So nothing specific. Like I explained, the contribution for which you are not able to see probably 
in the financial results have improved by 2%. And that is the improvement we are seeing in 
EBITDA compared to Q4. I'm comparing with Q4, not corresponding... 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand over the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Management: 
Yes. No further comments, nothing specific. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Avendus Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and now you may disconnect your lines. 
