  
Date: 15"" August’2025 
  
To, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 
— 400 051 
Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: INTERARCH 
BSE Scrip Code 544232 
 
 
 
  
Subject: Transcript of the earnings call on the unaudited Financial Results for the Quarter ended 30" 
June, 2025 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulations 
30 
and 
46(2)(Oa) 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the transcript of Earning Call held on 
8th August’2025, to discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 30" June, 
2025 is attached herewith. 
The 
above 
information 
is 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www. interarchbuildings.com 
Discussions 
were 
based 
on 
publicly 
available 
information. 
No 
unpublished 
price 
sensitive 
Information (UPSI) was discussed during the interactions. We request you to take the above on 
record and the same be treated as compliance under the applicable Regulations of SEB] LODR. 
This is for your information and record. 
For INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Interarch Building Products Limited) 
ARVIND NANDA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00149426 
  
INTERARCH BUILDING SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Interarch Building Products Limited) 
 
Head Office 
: B-30, Sector 57, Noida - 201301, India. 
Tel.: +91 120 4170200, CIN: L45201DL1983PLC017029 
BUILD/NG 
NNSVYATOR 
Registered Office: Farm No-8, Khasra No. 56/23/2, Dera Mandi Road, Mandi Village, Tehsil Mehrauli, New Delhi 
- 110047, India. 
info@interarchbuildings.com 
= www.interarchbuildings.com 
 
ARVIND 
NANDA
Digitally signed by 
ARVIND NANDA 
Date: 2025.08.15 
23:03:32 +05'30'

  
“Interarch Building Solutions Limited 1QFY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange 
on 08th August 2025 will prevail. 
—_o— 
: 
SSAMBIT 
Qs 
—oeo-— 
Acumen at work 
  
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARVIND NANDA — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. MANISH KUMAR GARG — CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. PUSHPENDRA KUMAR BANSAL — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. VIRAJ NANDA — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Mr. ANIL KUMAR CHANDANI, PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
FINANCE & STRATEGY 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAIVEER SHEKHAWAT — AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED

  
Moderator: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Interarch Building Solutions Limited 1QF Y26 
Earnings Call, hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be 1n the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital Private Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Good evening, everyone. 
I welcome you all to 1QFY26 Eamings Conference Call of Interarch 
Building Solutions. 
From the Management side, we have with us Mr. Arvind Nanda - the Managing Director, Mr. Manish 
Garg — the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Pushpendra Bansal — Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Viray 
Nanda — Executive Director, and Mr. Anil Kumar Chandani — President (Corporate Finance & 
Strategy). 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Arvind Nanda for his Opening Remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Thank you very much. Thank you for arranging this call for us, and thank you to everybody for 
coming and participating in the call. 
We have all the members from our senior team as mentioned just now. 
So, what I will do is I will take the opportunity again. My talk on pre-engineered building is getting 
shorter and shorter, because I think everybody is more in tune and understanding what pre-engineered 
building is really what kind of a category it is and what kind of work it 1s. And now we have some 
new players also coming into the listed space. So, maybe it will become easier for all of you to 
understand pre-engineered building. Most of you have already participated in some of my calls or 
meetings or one-to-one we have done earlier. 
So, just to give a very brief about the pre-engineered building. So, while we say we have buildings 
and we are primarily steel buildings, but we are not really classifiable in any of the present categories 
as steel fabricator or buildings or contractor or civil construction, etc., primarily because as a pre-

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
engineered building company, our work is number one, everything 1s customized. So, we do not do 
anything ready-made or use ready-made materials for our building for the customer. We understand 
the customer's requirement totally... ust his requirement. He does not tell us how to do the building. 
So, we understand his requirements completely. We have an excellent sales team and a marketing 
team which works across the country with various locations and 
all the customers. 
So, they 
understand the requirement, get a feel of what it 1s, do some value add on their own, because they are 
very high-quality engineers, all the sales people. At some stage when the buildings are more or less 
requirements are finalized; they would then get the engineering team. 
So, our second wing of a pre-engineered building company 1s the engineering and design division. 
So, we do all the requirements, are converted into a building by our engineering and design people. 
They will go through the building because we do not use any ready-made materials, they have the 
freedom to design any kind of column, any kind of beam, any kind of secondaries, because everything 
is manufactured by us in-house. That 1s one big difference between pre-engineered building and any 
other building. Most other contractors or building companies have to use ready-made materials 
available in the market. But pre-engineered building companies manufacture all the items themselves 
after designing and engineering it themselves. So, nobody designs an engineer then gives us a design 
and says, “Okay, make this for me.” So, that 1s the second big difference. 
And then of course, because we use raw material, so our design engineering companies department 
will totally calculate how much raw material we are using. Our basic raw material being a plate, 
which is an HR plate or coil, then a galvanized plate or coil and secondaries and the coil coated 
roofing and wall cladding, which are very, again, very high quality coatings, and some hardware, 
etc., So, this being the raw material. So, our design engineering department will calculate the first 
design and engineer the whole building, then calculate the how much material of each type 
1s 
required, then actually do a costing of that building. So, that department, even before we can bid, has 
to make a very, very good value add and a very good building design, because otherwise we will not 
be able to compete. Because in our case, the customer does not give us a per ton rate or a per square 
foot rate. He gives us a lump sum for the building. So, how good our design engineering department 
1s, or of any pre-engineered building, a lot depends on that, on how good you will be in securing an 
order. So, our design engineering will calculate everything, raw material, production cost, rating it to 
the site, actually erecting the whole building at site, depending on the location and the complexity of 
the site and the building, and then we give a lump sum price to the customer. Now, all this is done 
even before we can make even a quotation. 
So, the customer’s second big advantage is, besides engineering and design done by us, is that he 
gets a lump sum price. Unlike most other builders, contractors, which are working on a quantity- 
based tenders, we work on the lump sum of a building. So, for the customer, the building price will 
not change if he does not change the building. So, whatever may happen to the raw material prices, 
3

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
whatever may happen to other costs going up or down, we take everything into consideration when 
we are bidding, that to what will happen in the coming months while we have to deliver this building. 
So, we calculate everything, we take all that risk element into our costing, and we bid to the client. 
The client in most cases will look at our capability and ability to do the job rather than being an L1 
kind of a situation. Pre-engineered building is not really an L1 business. 
It is like a capital goods 
industry. That is why we repeatedly keep saying we are like a capital goods partner to the customer 
that we deal with. Most of the time we come in even before he has finalized his capital goods, his 
plant and machinery, so that he knows that yes, this project can be done in a certain time. And because 
the buildings today are very complex, a lot of machinery 1s mounted on the building, like conveyors, 
on the mezzanines, you will have 
a lot of process plants, cranes, 
a lot of the work is actually 
happening attached to the building. So, he must be sure that he has a vendor, partner who will be able 
to design, engineer, manufacture and execute that building in that time that he wants. So, he chooses 
the building partner very carefully, just like he does for his plant and machinery. If it is a paint plant 
or it is an automobile plant or it is a data center, the way they choose their capital goods supplier, it 
could be anywhere in the world. 
It has happened in the beginning when we all started in pre- 
engineered buildings 25 years, 27 years ago, a lot of the pre-engineered buildings were imported, 
because the customers were not sure that local players could supply. So, it 1s like any other building. 
Today, 99.9% of the buildings are built in India, because of the kind of companies that exist like us 
and some of our competitors who are able to design, engineer and give the customer the building. 
So, he is going on the ability and capability of the company to decide who is going to be his partner. 
He is very careful about schedule. Of course, everybody has to compete on price, but he will make 
you compete on an equal level. So, that makes it very important that the way that we build up our 
company, the way we do the project, the way we build our relationships with them, by continuously 
performing on time, performing very high-quality jobs, because every job leads to another job later. 
Some of our clients have worked with us for 40 years, even before pre-engineered building, when we 
were doing other building products, they have been working with us because every time they have 
been very satisfied that Interarch is the company which will deliver what they promise and give us 
the quality and satisfaction much higher than what we expected. So, we have had companies like 
Reliance and the Birla Group and the Tata Group and the automobile companies working with us for 
decades. And relationships are very performance-based. So, we are also very careful who we work 
with. We do not work with everybody. We are very careful that we work with long-term partners 
who appreciate what we do, appreciate the value that we add to their project and are not only looking 
at a low-price kind of situation. So, we are very careful when we choose our partners. 
We do a lot of business development, which means that we try to find the right partners for us before 
they even come to know about us. 
So, 
it could be the new age industry like data centers and 
semiconductor plants and lithium battery and renewables and anything. And earlier, it was the A-

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Grade warehousing, which we still do a lot. It was all the foreign companies in India, all the large 
companies in India. Earlier, 1t was the automobile sector, the whole automobile sector we have done. 
There is hardly any automobile company that has not worked with us in a major project, maybe in 
their auto plants also. Paint companies, whether it 1s Grasim, whether it is Asian Paints, whether it is 
Berger, FMCG, HUL, P&G, warehousing, indoor space, Welspun, Amazon, Flipkart, 
all the 
developers, we work with them. 
So, a lot of people in India feel that if they want a pre-engineered building without any compromise 
to their quality and their schedule, Interarch is the right player. We are careful who we deal with 
because ultimately it 1s an 1tem of steel, it is customized, we have to be careful that we will get our 
money out and that the customer will see value rather than just trying to press us on price, etc., 
So, today out of the three semiconductor plants coming up in India, two of them we are working on. 
Tata Electronics, we are doing a plant for them, which they will use for making phones, etc., There 
are three lithium battery plants done in India. All three we have been involved in. Exide, Amara Raja, 
as well as now Agratas, which is a Tata project. We have done a data center. 
Gradually, we also want to enter into high-rise buildings and other non-industrial buildings. We have 
done all types. We have done the Delhi airport, T3 terminal many years ago. We have done hospitals, 
schools, colleges, houses, hill housing, villas, resorts, hotels, you name it, and we have done that. But 
we want to push those more. 
Also, we are getting more and more into exports, especially the US and Canada, in spite of the fact 
that there are these tariffs issues coming up. But most of the buyers that we are in touch with, are 
very bullish that it can be done and pricing or tariffs will not be an issue, because there 1s a huge 
shortage of supply of these kinds of buildings in the US, and they feel that Interarch can be a very 
good supplier from India. 
So, overall, Interarch has developed the capability of doing all kinds of buildings. So, let us say we 
are completely building-agnostic today. We are completely industry-agnostic. It does not matter to 
us what is your industry, what kind of factories are you putting up. So, it puts us in a great position, 
because tomorrow, something completely new comes up. Like in the last five years, the lithium 
batteries, semiconductors, renewables has come up. But in spite of that, we have been able to 
participate in every one of them and very successfully. So, we are completely industry -agnostic. We 
are building-agnostic. And the way we have worked all over India, we are even geography-agnostic. 
We are doing a Tata Electronics plant in Assam. We have done HUL and Berger, as well as all these 
companies in the Northeast. We have worked even in Jammu and Kashmir. We are working in the 
South. Odisha, we have done some very large projects. Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat. There is no area in 
India that we are not able to do large projects also. 
5

  
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
So, therefore, we are very much geography-agnostic also. We have built up a great team over the 
years. And future of this industry lies in how your past was. How have you done in the past 1s 
ultimately the criticality in establishing this industry and your reputation. 
I think the two major 
players in this industry, us and Kirby, which 1s a Kuwaiti company, a foreign company, have both 
been in this business in India for the last 25 years plus. And both of us have established a very good 
name in this industry. So, it is not important that a new player comes in, spends Rs. 1,000 crores or 
Rs.500 crores, or just money is going to get you the business in this industry. 
And you have to be also very careful that your working capital cycle, your advances, your payments 
come on time, how you stock, because we have to buy materials from these steel companies, which 
are not very reliable suppliers, and still supply a complete building, which could use 10-15 different 
types of raw materials and thicknesses and types to be able to supply the building complete and in 
sequence. We cannot supply the building as we want. We have to supply 
it in sequence so that it 
keeps getting erected. And every part of that building, including a clip or a nut can delay your 
scheduling if you miss that out. So, all these things are very critical. 
So, we find that it is a very niche business. It is a business, which has to be done very carefully. With 
a broader emphasis, your teams are very critical in this business, your relationships based on your 
past history. If I have done an airport, it will be easier for me to get an airport job. If I have done a 
paint plant, Grasim came to us because we had done Asian paints. And we did five of their plants 
substantially. Tata projects came to us because we have worked with Tata Group for over 40 years. 
We are working with maybe over 30 Tata companies. So, we are always their natural choice when 
they want to do something large. And they always give us the first choice. Reliance, Tata, Birla, 
everybody we work with. The solar industry, we have worked with everyone. Renewables. So, that 
is how you build up this business. It is not a business which is L1. It is not a business that you have 
money, you can do it. You can work with a certain speed in this business, but you cannot run too fast, 
too quickly. Like we always say that we are a four-legged animal — Sales and Marketing, Engineering 
and Design, Production in the Factories and Project Management at site. All the four legs must be 
not only equally strong, but run in a proper rhythm. You cannot have one more than the other because 
then the race will be lost. So, that 1s how pre-engineered building industry we see it. And I am sure 
that you heard me talk about this a lot before, because I think it will be a separate category. It should 
be treated as a separate category. The growth can be much quicker as we see the economy opening 
up and the way companies are changing to pre-engineered building. The traditional form of fabricated 
buildings, steel buildings at site is changing very dramatically to pre-engineered building. So, it is 
not only concrete buildings like high-rise, etc., which are changing to steel, but also traditional steel 
fabrication buildings to us. 
We have taken up a new vertical called the “Heavy Structure,” which we are going to start a plant in 
Andhra very soon. A lot of the heavy structure 1s the steel section, each one of them being over 5 to 
6

  
Manish Garg: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
15 tons. A lot of them we will use for our own buildings. Today, we have that tie-up with JSPL to do 
that heavy structure. But we feel that we need to put up our own capacity also to be able to do it more 
efficiently. But also we feel in the longer run, which means in the next one or two years, we will test 
out the heavy structure market. There is a very, very large market where sometimes the design 
engineering of let us say a steel plant or a power station or an airport or a fertilizer plant is done by a 
consultant, but they require huge quantities to be pre-engineered and manufactured by you in the 
plant and delivered to them with or without erection. That is a huge market today in lakhs of tons, 
manifold more than the pre-engineered building. So, that also we are entering in the coming this 
thing. We cannot give very good projections for it, but I think within 12-months or 14-months, we 
will have a much better idea that how big a vertical it can be. If you look at the size of the market, it 
could be a bigger vertical than the pre-engineered building. Buyers are very similar. Your reputation 
in the market makes a lot of difference. But we have to build up the capacity for that. 
I think I will end over here and let Manish Garg, my CEO, take you through the figures and our future 
plans going forward, and then we will open up for Questions. Thank you very much for your patience. 
Yes. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, Manish Garg here. And thank you for attending the call 
today. 
Our company operates five state-of-the-art integrated PEB facilities located down south and up north 
with the new ones which have been commissioned in AP Athivaram. Together, these facilities offer 
acombined capacity of 161,000 MTPA with a utilizable range of about 80% to 85%, which translates 
to approximately 135,000 MTPA. 
We are on track to commence production at Andhra Pradesh phase-II now very shortly, and also at 
the new Kichha line, probably within this month itself, which will enhance our total production to 
approximately 200,000 MTPA with addition of these two new lines. 
Our recently acquired 20 acres of adjoining land at our Andhra Pradesh facility to set up Heavy 
Fabrication Unit, as Mr. Nanda explained, to service the sectors which are like data centers and the 
commercial buildings and the other renewable structures, including semiconductors. And the facility 
1s expected to commission next year Quarter 2. 
Our order book as of 31st of July stands at Rs.1,695 crores, reflecting a strong pipeline going forward. 
We secured orders worth Rs.452 crores between Ist May till 31st July, three months. 
Key customer wins during this period include the scooter maker, Ather Energy, the EV battery 
makers Amara Raya Infra, Mahindra & Mahindra, Tata Motors JLR, and Craftsman Automation. We

  
Moderator: 
Vandit Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Vandit Shah: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
take pride in the fact that 80% to 85% of these customers are our repeat customers, demonstrating 
their continued trust and confidence in our capability. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on diversifying our footprint by securing more orders with new 
age industry, as explained earlier, and also with heavy structures. 
We entered into strategic partnership with JSPL to explore opportunities in the multi-story buildings. 
And as Mr. Nanda explained that we are now also setting up our own facilities for such things to add 
additional capacity. 
Additionally, we 
are actively pursuing new growth avenues, including the expansion of our 
manufacturing operations in Gujarat. And we have already partnered with Moldtek Technologies US 
for our US footprint and export markets. These initiatives are expected to drive sustainable growth, 
foster innovation, and reinforce our market leadership. 
Now coming to the financial highlights for the Quarter, 
1 QF Y26: 
The revenue for the quarter came in 
at Rs.381 
crores, 25.5% growth quarter-on-quarter when 
compared to the last year YoY. EBITDA stood at Rs.32 crores and when compared with the similar 
quarter last year, there is a growth of 16.9%. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 8.3% for the 
third quarter. And profit after tax stood at Rs.28 crores as compared to Rs.20 crores, a 40% rise as 
compared to 1QFY25. The total order book as explained stands at Rs.1,695 crores. 
Now with this, I would like to conclude my presentation and open the floor for questions and answers. 
Thank you very much. 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first question from the line of Vandit 
Shah from Abakkus Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is one data-keeping question. What would be the volume for this quarter? And if you can 
give us a figure year-on-year, how much was itt like for FY25? 
Volume has grown by about 28.7% compared to June *24 quarter; 25,500 to 32,800. 
And sir, second question, I wanted to understand more about the export opportunity. So, as you spoke 
on your opening remark that despite the tariffs, you are seeing a good traction in export. So, just if I 
want to understand the market, if you have a ballpark number, what would be the realization in the 
exports margins over there and now what is the working capital cycle in exports?

  
Arvind Nanda: 
Vandit Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Vandit Shah: 
Moderator: 
Shubham Chopra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
You see, right now, we do not really have large numbers of exports. We have done maybe what, 10, 
15 buildings in the last few months, 
a year or so. You see, 
in exports, you have to build up 
partnerships there, because there are very few direct buyers who come to you to buy from countries 
We are concentrating on are in the continent of Africa and the American continent. So, we have tied 
up with many people there. We have exported buildings to them. They found them very useful, 
effective and excellent quality and deliveries. So, now when we participated in the conference also 
and our top team went to US and has met 15-20 potential contractors. There the businesses through 
mainly general contractors, not direct users. So, they have met them. A lot of them have sent us 
enquiries. Some of them are coming to visit us also. So, we feel that we will have a better handle on 
the export potential in terms of volume, maybe another six to eight months once these partnerships 
become a little more effective and they know the potential, they say is very high. A lot of them are 
billion dollar companies there. So, potential is very high. They do not seem to be too worried in 
American continent about the tariffs. Canada seems to be more bullish on India because they feel 
that they need to come from outside and import. So, I think the potential 1s there. Exact figures, we 
do not know, but the margins are definitely much better in export. The market in India is a little too 
over-competitive in that sense. Working capital cycle 1s much faster because you only work against 
LCs. So, you get immediate payment. There is no milestone payments because we do not do any 
erection work. We just supply the building and these people then erect it themselves. So, working 
capital cycle 1s also better. 
Got it, sir. Sir, ust on the final piece, is it fair to assume that the realization almost doubled than what 
we have in India? 
Yes, realization will be better. 
Thank you so much, sir. 
I will get back in the queue. 
We have a next question from line of Shubham Chopra from Titiksha Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Sir, my first question is that given the order book is Rs.1,695 crores, what 1s the total order book 
pipeline as of now and can you elaborate more on that? 
This order book that we talk about is a definite, confirmed order with advances. So, that is what we 
talk about as an order book. Then we have two kinds of pipelines which are always with us when we 
are working on business development and sales, etc., One is what we call the Pipeline-I, which 1s 
where we have got the requirements from the customers, worked on them, made the estimate, 
designed engineering and given a quotation. So, that is what 
I would call Pipeline-I. So, 
I think 
Pipeline-I currently could be in the range of about maybe Rs.2,500 crores and then we have another 
pipeline which sort of is more orders which are like six months to 18 months finalization. Pipeline-I 
9

  
Shubham Chopra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Shubham Chopra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Shubham Chopra: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Shubham Chopra: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
is normally within stx to eight months they will finalize the order, not longer than that. So, that 1s 
Rs.2,500 crores. Pipeline-II could be I think currently as much as Rs.4,000 crores, which are orders 
in where we have given estimates, not done the design engineering, a lot of discussion and meetings 
are still to happen. So, one would say Rs.2,500 crores to be finalized between one to six months and 
another Rs.4,000 crores to be finalized between now and 18 months. 
Alright. Can you also state the amount of CAPEX in FY26 and 27? What is the expected number? 
So, FY26, we have already done a CAPEX of about Rs.40 crores. Because we are now starting two 
new plants. One 1s going to be in Andhra, and one is going to be in Gujarat. So, they will finish within 
the next 12 months. So, the CAPEX of both of them together is about Rs.140 to Rs.150 crores. But I 
think we should be able to spend about maybe 75%, 80% of that by March. So, let us say about 
Rs.120 crores of new CAPEX and Rs.40 crores we have already done. So, let us say a ballpark figure 
of Rs. 150 crores CAPEX by March next year. 
Next question is on the business front. How much time 1s taken for a building from manufacturing to 
assemble? 
The total building cycle starts from when we get the order. We have three categories of orders. One 
1s What we call “Small, Medium,” let us say under Rs.12-13 crores, about 1,000 tons building. That 
would start in the third month or fourth month of order date. Before that there will be design 
approvals, etc., getting the material and then finishing within five to six months at site. Then we have 
what we call “Medium Order,” which could be Rs.12-13 crores going up to Rs.30 crores. They would 
again start in the third or fourth month of the order date and finish within seven to eight months. Then 
we have the “Larger Order,” I would say over Rs.30 crores. They could be anything between starting 
again three to four months from the order date but ending anytime between eight to 12 months. That 
1s when the supply would get over in that time. So, for most of the order, supply period is a maximum 
of 12 months, but they vary because of the size. 
My last question is, as you mentioned that you were doing a project for Tata Electronics in Assam. 
So, what amount of freight cost is included in it and does that bite off some margins on that front? 
Freight is a cost that we add to the job and they pay us. So, freight is a part of the cost. It is not very 
high now because our plants from Uttaranchal supply it and the roads are much better. When we had 
done plants in Assam 10 years or 15 years ago, freight used to be a very big part, now it is not such 
a major part, but freight 1s a pass on. We add freight to the cost of the project and the customer pays 
us. It is not something that we have to bear. 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
10

  
Moderator: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
We have our next question from the line of Jatveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sure. Thanks a lot, and congratulations, team. So, my first question 1s, given the current execution 
momentum that we have seen in the Ist Quarter, which is otherwise a seasonally weaker quarter, I 
think it seems like you are likely to surpass your earlier growth guidance. So, do you expect this year 
will be possibly a 20% sort of a growth for you? 
I think we will have a better idea after the second quarter, because 
Ist Quarter, second quarter 
normally can be varying. Where we are doing work, if there are less problems caused by monsoon 
and other thing, then the sales go up in the Ist Quarter. Now we do not know how much havoc there 
will be in the second quarter in the monsoons. But yes, I think if everything goes well, we have the 
orders, but we have to execute. 
I think we will have sufficient capacity also now with Andhra and 
the third line at Kichha coming up within this month. So, we can probably go higher, but right now 
we are sticking to our earlier growth given of 17.5%. But I think the chances are that we will beat 
that. 
Sure. Good to hear that, sir. Second is, if I see your other expenses, there has been roughly about a 
50% increase versus the last year. If you could just explain what 1s driving that and then do you 
expect this to stabilize here or will this continue to grow in a similar way? 
What happens in other expenses 1s that, we have things like job work and installation expenses going 
into other expenses. So, since we have done more sales, the job work is basically what we are not 
doing directly in our factories. And installation expenses are more at site. So, they do move up along 
with the sales going up. But, yes, it 1s a little disproportionate because we had to get a lot of our parts, 
job work like Jindals and two, three other players that we work with. So, that goes under job work. 
So, job work expenses and installation expenses have increased the other expenses. They can vary, 
but effectively they should go under the expense of manufacturing, etc., total, but how the accounting 
is done, so then they come under that. So, freight forwarding also goes into other expenses, even 
though it is a recoverable cost from the customer, but it goes into other expenses. So, it could be 
orders are a little bit more long-term, installation expenses, job work expenses. It can vary quarter- 
to-quarter. There is no definitiveness 1n this, because it is actually a part of the total cost. But we have 
to show it separately because of the accounting methods. 
Totally understand. So, in light of that, do you feel comfortable with the earlier margin guidance that 
you had given of achieving a 10% plus sort of margin guidance, do you think that is still possible 
because of the volatility that we are seeing on the margin side? 
Yes, yes. Margins generally, they start improving by the third quarter. We have got an EBITDA of 
8.3% and a profit before tax of 9.9%, actually our profit before tax is higher than EBITDA. So, 
I 
11

  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
think we will achieve our EBITDA that we had achieved last year, 1f not more. We are anticipating 
that we should cross last year's EBITDA. 
And lastly, in terms of the overall market scenario, given that we are now seeing a lot of players also 
talk about receiving a lot of orders in the market and overall, there is a good growth momentum 
buoyancy. So, are you seeing that the realizations for you guys are improving overall on average 
across orders? Is profitability across the industry improving? 
It is still a little tougher competition, because again, of course, a lot of supply comes in. Customer 
does give us a preference in a lot of projects, but they all want to be a little price competitive, but we 
see 1t moving up. We are trying that 50 to 100 basis points the margins should improve in getting 
the... since we are also full, we have a very good order book, we can be a 
little bit more selective in 
taking orders because we do not really need to take any order that comes our way. But the most 
important thing for us is that let us get the order at a better price. So, that is mght now our focus. 
I 
think we should be able to maintain it. And of course, our margins are a lot dependent on our own 
internal systems on which also we are working. Once we get larger volume, we can also negotiate 
better for our purchasing, for our freight, for steel, you can have better productivity, with our own 
plants coming in, I think that will also help. So, both ways we are working. That our internal costing 
should also improve, economy should improve, and we should make a better margin internally as the 
sales are going up, as well as get better margins from the customer. 
I think we will have a better 
picture by the next quarter, we will see, but we are trying for both. And I think we are going to be 
successful in both. 
Sure. Sir, lastly, if I may, 
I heard you talk about your order book pipeline, which is another 2,500 
plus crores, another 4,000 crores, in Pipeline-I and I. Usually, what 1s the strike rate of winning those 
kind of orders wherein you might have already bided, done your designs and estimations already? 
Yes, our normal hit rate has been about 25% in Pipeline-I. Pipeline-II 1s a little too general to see 
where a lot of the project could drop out, a lot of projects may go into fabricated steel. So, there are 
a lot of things which can happen in P-II, which 1s more than Rs.4,000 crores. But in the Pipeline-I, 
about 25% is a reasonably good rate. But then we are very selective in who we put in Pipeline-I. It 1s 
25% currently, but our idea is that in Pipeline-I, where our chances can go up to 40%-50%. But nght 
now, the current hit rate 1s 25%. But Pipeline-I depends on us which orders do we want to take 
seriously. We do not put every order into that, because do not forget that we have to do design, 
engineering, costing, everything, and many meetings and negotiations with the client to even get a 
stage of getting the order. So, we cannot take every enquiry that comes our way. So, we are very 
selective in that. But currently it has been about 25%. But we want to increase that also, yes. 
Sure, sure. Thank you so much, sir and wish you all the best. 
12

  
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Thank you. 
We have a next question from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sir, Just want to check on the incremental ordering. So, are the margins retained on the incremental 
inflows? And second, just like you have plants coming up in AP and Gujarat, there are other players 
who had white spots or white patches in some of the locations in India and they are coming up with 
their plants. So, what is happening on the incremental competition? Do you see a situation where 
incremental orders are taken at a differential margin by any chance? 
What happens in this market is that especially last four or five years, our positioning in the customers 
mind and the kind of customers we deal with is that we are one of the top two companies. Kirby is 
there, which is from Kuwait, unlisted, but a very large group in Kuwait and us. So, most of the large 
enquiries and orders are coming to either of us or many times both of us. The projects are very large, 
and both the players get a part of the order, or maximum it goes to maybe a company like Zamil or 
something, or sometimes the simpler building depending on location to MB Engineering, which has 
come in now or Pennar or even Everest sometimes. So, we feel that at that level, we have to maintain 
our competitive strength by giving the customer a great value add, great design, delivery, quality, 
that is what he is looking at. If you look at the (PEB), Pre-Engineered Building, it is not even 10% 
of the CAPEX of a company. If I am spending Rs.100 in my CAPEX, PEB will never be more than 
Rs.8 to 10. So, 
I am not going to be very fussy. Of course, 
I want competition and I want the best 
price and I want to save, but I am not going to save money at the cost of my project. 
Yes, my question was also from that angle, that let us say, for example, it 1s a player two or player 
three, he did not have plants in Gujarat, he 1s coming in Gujarat, you are a player one or two, who 
did not have a plant in AP, let us say you are putting up a plant in AP, so what we are seeing is a lot 
of the PEB guys are going and putting up plants where they were not there earlier. And obviously, it 
is a business where you need multiple plants throughout the country, because you cannot transport 
beyond a point and capital is also being raised by the multiple players. So, in that situation, my 
question was in incremental orders, or 1n incremental enquiries, are there any changes in margins? 
In the pre-engineered building case, factory is not the important part, because production is only one 
of the legs, like 
I mentioned earlier, it is your capability to do design engineering, work with the 
client, your sales team, how do they build relationship, how has been your past. 
I mean, for Grasim, 
we did five plants all over India. One of the largest projects we have got the single largest PEB order 
ever given to acompany for us 1s in Gujarat. We do not have a plant there. So, it is because the freight 
1s a very small element of the whole thing. So, factories do not make any difference. Factories you 
put in different locations as soon as you get optimally utilized in one area. You do not go because the 
customer 1s there. So, factories is a pretty unimportant part in our case. It helps you because if you 
13

  
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pritesh: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
are there, of course, naturally, you will save some money on freight. But it is not an important part 
for us or for the customer. Important part 1s can you deliver to him the whole project as he wants. So, 
engineering design, sales, as well as project management are equally important compared to a factory. 
That is what I mentioned earlier. There is not a money game that I can just put up five factories and 
I will get my sales. So, that 1s why incremental does not depend on where I put my factory. But how 
do I equip myself well for design? See, I have to do design engineering. If I am having a 
let us say, 
even a hit rate of 25%, I am designing and engineering and trying to sell 4x the number of buildings. 
I have got order, let us say Rs.1,700 crores today, that means I must have designed Rs.7,000 crores 
worth of buildings very well, at various meetings, convince them and then got this order. So, other 
three parts are equally important. So, incremental profitability, incremental sales does not depend on 
the factory. That is for sure. But you need the capacity. My factory can all be in one place. Say Kirby 
has got three large plants, we are now going into our fifth location in Gujarat. So, everybody has their 
own philosophy behind it. But it does not make any difference to incremental business. We have to 
make it grow, we have to go and find the customers, we have to convince them that we are the right 
guys and what we are giving you 1s great value. That is more important. 
Okay. You are 2 lakh tons, right in capacity? 
Yes, we are 2 lakh tons. And for the first time in our history, we are going to start two plants together. 
We are seeing that we are able to get a lot of business today 1f we want. We have reached that position 
in the industry. But we are not able to take because we do not want to take any order which we cannot 
deliver. And for us delivery means everything from design engineering to project management. 
Will that add a one-time fixed cost, will you go through a phase where the fixed cost of those plants 
come first and the utilization comes later? 
No, there is a capital cost. So, depreciation might come in. We are not borrowing any money for it. 
So, that was mostly our own money. We might borrow some money for the heavy structure, but that 
1s more to get a better return for shareholders. But we have not taken a decision. 
Operational costs. So, at what utilization did the plants break even? 
No, operationally, you see, you build it up as you get business. So, anyway, you cannot get people, 
let us say I need 400 people in a plant, I am not going to get them overnight. So, you operationalize, 
we have done that to all our plants, operationalize as fast as possible if the business is growing. 
Otherwise, you operationalize as you get business. No operational cost is left hanging. 
And just last on the health or the momentum or the status of the market. So, if I had to ask you, let 
us say 12 months into the past, so let us say when you were in August 2024, and now you are in 
14

  
Arvind Nanda: 
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pritesh: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Dhiral Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
August 2025, in terms of the momentum, health status, or in terms of the visibility of orders, do you 
see improvement, do you see static or do you see any downward changes? 
So, what we have seen personally as our Interarch 1s that there has been a momentum has increased 
dramatically, not only incrementally, but dramatically. More and more people want projects to be set 
up faster and more and more people want to get pre-engineered, they do not want to get any work 
done at site. So, we have seen a pretty dramatic increase in the requirements. And 
I think also, 
fortunately, for Interarch, our positioning in the industry 1s improving, whereby, let us say, two years 
ago, Rs.300 crores order would have got divided to at least two companies, if not three, we have 
managed to 
get that singly. 
So, 
our position 
is 
also improving, market position 
is definitely 
improving, because these buildings in the sector, like semiconductors, and electronics, phones, etc., 
and then your renewables and your lithium battery, these sectors need massive plants. So, once they 
have accepted pre-engineered building as the right way to build, so these are coming up with massive 
capacities. And therefore, we are seeing quite a major change in the market, at least in the last two 
years and of course, last year as well. We have seen a big change. 
Okay. Lastly, have you gained market share and has anyone lost market share in the process? 
No, 
I think everybody has their own market. 
I think in the larger segment, 
I think we are gaining 
market share in these critical large buildings. 
I think last year, at the same time, our order book was 
about Rs.1,300 crores. Today, it is nearly Rs.1,700 crores. And we are restricted by our capacity, 
because we cannot take orders which we cannot deliver. I do not track everybody too carefully about 
the market share. But I think in our category between us and Kirby, 
I think we are both getting a 
market share. The whole market is also improving. Because like I said earlier, that there is a lot of 
fabricated steel segments of building which 
is coming into pre-engineered. But 
I think in the 
organized sector, we are certainly gaining. 
Thank you very much and all the best to you, sir. 
Thank you. 
We have our next question from the line of Dhiral Shah from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Hello! Sir, this quarter we have seen a higher other income compared to last year. Any particular 
reason for this increase? 
Yes, two reasons. One 1s that of course, because we had done an IPO and we had got some funds in 
that, so that fund generated some income before we could spend it. So, that has been there. 
I think 
interest income has increased by about maybe Rs.3 crores. And then also there is a service tax 
15

  
Dhiral Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Dhiral Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Dhiral Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Dhiral Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Dhiral Shah: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
payment that we had made to the government about 10 years ago, with the case we finally won last 
year. So, we have written that back because we have won the case and the government has not gone 
in appeal. So, that is about Rs.2.5 crores. So, what Rs.5 crores is from these other income; Rs.2.5 
crores from interest on FD, etc., and Rs.2.5 crores from service tax and interest written back. 
Okay. 
So, FD interest might remain 1n the future also till we can spend it, but we are also generating cash. 
Service tax will be, of course, one-time for this quarter. 
Okay. And sir, these two new plants that we are about to just commission, so what kind of utilization 
we expect in this year and maybe for the next year? 
We have planned a total utilization of about Rs.200 crores for the next 18-20 months, which means 
two PEB plants, one in Gujarat, second one, we will take a call whether it 1s in Andhra or Gujarat, 
we have land in both the places and one heavy structure plant, which will be in Andhra. Because land 
we have already got, so three of them combined together should be let us say a ballpark figure of 
Rs.200 crores is what we have planned for the next 18 months on an accelerated matter. So, we want 
to build up more capacity because we feel that if we have the capacities, we might be able to generate 
more business which 1s available in the market. So, that is our expected CAPEX in the next 18-20 
months. 
So, my question 
is regarding the two new plants that we have just commissioned or about to 
commission, Andhra phase-2 and the Kichha plant. So, what kind of utilization we expect this year 
and next year, sir? 
I think we would expect full utilization for the last six months. It 1s already August. So, 
I think by 
that time, we come up to some kind of capacity because these are both our existing plants, so it is not 
taking too much time to ramp up to full capacity in this. So, I think last six months, we should get 
full capacity from these plants... from both the lines. 
And sir, this Rs.200 crores CAPEX that we have just mentioned, so how much this will increase 
capacity? 
This will increase our pre-engineered building capacity by about Rs.1,000 crores worth of buildings, 
80,000 tons, 40,000 each plant, and the heavy structure will give us about 20,000 to 25,000 tons 
which in rupee value maybe about Rs.300 crores. 
Okay. Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
16

  
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the 
line 
of Nikhil Purohit from Fident Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. All my other questions have been answered. Any 
reason for the delay in commissioning of the plant? Was it not supposed to be commissioned by end 
of June? 
One Andhra was supposed to be commissioned by end of June. We had a little supply issue of one 
of the crane items... machine item. So, it went into trial production in June, but we could not do that 
full. So, we are a month, month and a half behind in both. No particular reason, but I think just a little 
delay in supplies, etc., So, both of them are in trial production. And I think another week, 10 days, 
they should be in full production. Yes, we are a little delayed in that. No particular reason as such. 
Okay. And Kichha as well? 
Yes, Kichha 1s also in trial production. It should be full production by end of this month. 
Got it. And for just understanding, so considering the use pipeline, one that you mentioned, Rs.2,100 
crores, what do you estimate to be our closing order book target for the year for FY26, considering 
the 20%-25% win rate, is there any number that you can give to it or something for us to go about? 
The way we are looking at the numbers is that what is the kind of capacity we will have by the end 
of this year. For example, if we can get all these ramped up and let us say we have a capacity of 
Rs.2,000 crores by the end of this year, then we try to match our order book to our capacity for 10 to 
11 months. Because orders today are available in the market. So, I cannot ramp up my order book 
unless I have ramped up my capacity. See, Rs.1,700 crores, if I have to execute even in the next 11 
months, 1s still about maybe Rs. 1,550 crores in the next 10-11 months, I will have to execute it. So, 
I have to ramp up my capacity. Be sure that yes, I have got the capacity to commit to the customer 
and then take orders. Orders today are available in the market. So, we are trying to ramp up as fast 
as possible. So, 
I think that if by the end of this year, we have the capacity of let us say Rs.2,000 
crores in place, our order book should go up to Rs.1,800-1,900 crores by the Ist Quarter of the next 
calendar year. And we are aiming for that, like you see Rs.450 crores we have taken in the last three 
months. We are very careful in taking orders nght now, because we feel that we need to ramp up this 
capacity and then take more. So, I think as we ramp up capacity, we can increase our order intake. 
Because our PEB order books cannot be very long. I cannot take an order for two years later delivery. 
It has to be maximum 10 to 11 months completion. 
17

  
Nikhil Purohit: 
Moderator: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Manish Garg: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Manish Garg: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Manish Garg: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Manish Garg: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Manish Garg: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Manish Garg: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Got it, got it. Thanks. Those are my questions. 
We have a next question from line of Rayit Aggarwal from Nilgiri Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Good afternoon, sir. Just a few quick questions. You had spoken about Pipeline-I and Pipeline-II 
when you had shared the numbers for Q1. Would you have similar numbers for 4QF Y25? 
Okay. So, we talked about two pipelines, Pipeline-I and Pipeline-II. The difference between the last 
quarter and this quarter 1s an increase of about 9% 
In total? 
Not in total, In each of the categories. P-I gone up by about 9% to 10% and similarly, P-II has gone 
up by 9% to 10%. 
Got it, sir. And any of the orders in these pipelines originated through your partnership with Moldtek? 
Not predominantly in export, sir. This 1s what I am talking about is mainly domestic. 
Okay. Okay. And so, one quick question. And in fact, I had written also to compliance on this. I think 
I am missing something on the EPS calculation. So, if I were to divide your net profit by the total 
number of shares, considering the warrants, options and everything, the number does not seem to 
match. 
Mr. Bansal can answer. So, PAT is 28 crores. 
So, if I take the number as 2,837,89,000 and divide it by the total number of shares on diluted basis, 
which is 1,74,29936, I do not seem to get the same number. 
Our share is 164, sir, not 174. 
That is before dilution? 
No, that is after dilution as well. So, Mr. Bansal, I think, sir, the total number of outstanding shares 
are 
| crore 64, something like that, sir. 
You might have taken the whole of ESOP as provided. There are no shares issued yet. 
18

  
Manish Garg: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Pushpendra Bansal: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Pushpendra Bansal: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Pushpendra Bansal: 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Vivek Gautam: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
They are not issued yet, sir. And none of them 1s listed. So, the total outstanding share 1s 1,66,40,000. 
Yes, sir. 
Then the number does not seem to match, sir. 
Yes. Your good name, sir? 
Sir, I am Rajit Aggarwal. 
Rajit, can you send the query on our e-mail, compliance@interarchbuilding.com, so we can answer 
with fully working. 
Yes, sir, I will do that. In fact, I had done that previously also. I will re-forward that e-mail. 
Yes, please, please. 
So, compliance@interarchbuilding.com, we will definitely. You can give 
a 
reference of this investor account, okay? 
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vivek Gautam from GES Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes, congratulations, sir and consistently coming out with good numbers and the IPO goodwill has 
been created for a shareholder. Sir, I just wanted to know about the opportunity size of the company 
and the expected growth rate we can have. And is the pie big enough for more entrants in this PEB 
sector? And also some differentiator factor for our company versus competition if you can highlight? 
Thank you. 
So, the size of the pie, a lot depends on us only. So, as companies like Interarch and even Kirby, we 
do a lot of business development, converting like say high-rises into steel, data centers, malls, housing 
projects, airports, railway stations. So, traditionally, you will see that nowhere in the world as any 
country done fast development without steel. Steel is the primary material to be used in buildings if 
you want to develop fast. China's per capita consumption of steel 1s 10x of India. World average 1s 
nearly 5x of India. So, the future 1s towards steel. So, that 1s going to be in any case how the size of 
the pie will increase. That is how we see it, that if we increase the size of the pie, then we can really 
pick and choose the business we want. So, as Interarch, we have always concentrated on a lot of 
business development, having seminars, in-house conferences, presentation, going to customers who 
we feel can use our materials. So, the size of the pie to grow 1s very critical in this business. We are 
not fighting over the same pie. And also, 
I think the availability of whatever we can call the 
19

  
Vivek Gautam: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
addressable market is very large. But India is very, very low in terms of per capita utilization of steel. 
And as the problems of environment, labor, site issues 1s growing, more and more people want the 
building to be done off-site. And pre-engineered steel is the only way you can do buildings off-site. 
Everything comes ready-made and you do only nut and bolt assembly whereas you cannot do it in 
fabricated steel, you cannot do it, of course, in the traditional cement and concrete. So, we feel that 
we have to not only concentrate on the pie remaining the same and trying to grab the rest of the pie. 
And especially for us, because we are in the very high level of value-add. We have to work with the 
companies like Agratas, Reliance Solar and the ReNew Power and the First Solar and Suzuki. So, 
those companies are the ones we want to work with and do very complex building. The kind of 
building we are doing, you will be surprised when you see it, thats how complex those are. So, we 
are trying to grow that pie. So, 
I think going forward, as the Interarch is concerned, we have really 
for the next 10 years I would say an unlimited opportunity. A lot depends on how fast we can ramp 
up our own capacity. But then again, by capacity, I do not mean only the factory. We have to equally 
ramp up sales, design engineering and project management. Because our complete product can only 
be delivered 
if 
all four legs 
are together. Many companies have made this mistake of only 
concentrating on a factory or only concentrating on a sale and not being able to deliver the full project. 
So, we are trying to ramp up capacity as fast as possible and I think we will be an outlier. If you were 
to ask me which other company would be an outlier in India, I would say Kirby. They have done a 
great job in the last 25 years. And 
I think the pre-engineered building industry's reputation today 
stands primarily because of them and then to a large extent because of us also. And I do not think in 
this area today, we can see any competition. Now, tomorrow, new players come in, world companies 
come in and they do. But we consider that we should remain ahead of the game. How do we keep 
improving? Not trying to stay only, Okay, this guy 1s competing, let me compete with him. We have 
come from nowhere. All these other companies that are in pre-engineered building today, whether it 
is Zamil, Kirby, Everest, Pennar, MB Engineering, they are all older than us and they were all in 
building business before we did pre-engineered building. We started from scratch and built ourselves 
a reputation where we are today in the top level. So, we are competing against ourselves in many 
ways. And we want to remain ahead of the game. 
I saw your interview, sir, on CNBC in Making it Big, almost 20 years back. Since passing out from 
IIT, you went through a very bad patch also, in the sense that the personal assets had to be given to 
the bank as collateral to meet your commitment. That shows your ethical corporate governance also. 
So, the current time, is it the best time you have ever seen in your industrialist period, sir, and the 
opportunity size is really looking good? And any impact of the tariff and all the stuff between US 
and India coming up for our sector also, sir? 
Of course, as a company, we were much smaller. So, we were much more badly hit in the 1991 
economic crisis. That was a very bad hit. Then, of course, in 2008-10, it was a very bad hit. But a 
20

  
Vivek Gautam: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Vivek Gautam: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
very good growth period was us for 2004-2009. In terms of percentage, we grew 10x at that time. 
But yes, from Rs.15 crores to Rs.500 crores. So, that was a very good growth period. But the kind of 
thing that we are seeing today, we have not seen before. That I can tell you. The size of the projects, 
the Greenfield projects plus, I think Interarch positioning in the market because it has changed, so, 
we are seeing a lot more of those enquiries and orders coming our way. So, I do not think I have seen 
anything like that. And I think whatever the government has done in the last 10 years as far as the 
industrial environment is concerned, whether it is GST, whether it is every state competing to give 
land and give facilities rather than give financial incentives, giving facilities to the companies to 
grow. And I think the new sectors which have opened up, whether it is renewables, I do not think I 
have ever seen anything like that. We put up the Andhra plant 15 years after our last plant was put 
up in Chennai. And now, we are putting up another Andhra and we are putting up Gujarat all within 
a space of two, three years. So, we are doubling our capacity in the three years. 
I have not seen 
anything like this before. 
Sir, any word on this increasing competition intensity, a company called M&B Engineering got listed 
recently. And so, what is the moat we have with them and others also, sir? Thank you. 
See, our moat and our USP has always been the way we have worked with every company for the 
last 25 years in pre-engineered building and 15 years before that, when we were doing other building 
products related to buildings. 
So, that is our moat. The relationship, every job that we do, we 
concentrate fully on it, finish it to customers delight. I think that has been our moat. And that 1s very 
difficult to copy. M&B is newly listed. It is not anew company. We compete with Phoenix in many, 
many cases all over the country. But they have built up their own niche. Everest, I do not think has 
done very well. Pennar has done reasonably well, again, in its own niche. But I think we have built 
up our own moat in terms of what can we do with the customer. In many ways, we call ourselves the 
Mercedes of the PEB industry. We want to give good value and we want to give a great product to 
our clients and we feel that they should come to us when they want a great product done for their 
company. So, 
I think that 1s our moat. And our moat is always to stay ahead of that game. How to 
give better facilities, how to give better service, better quality, project management, sales. You can 
only remain ahead on that. I do not have any magic formula or any magic technology in which I can 
say that I am ahead of these companies. I am not. But I think in many ways, that is the most difficult 
to match and compete with. 
Thank you, sir. Keep up the good work, sir. 
Thank you. 
We have our next question from the line of Deep Shah from NV Capital. Please go ahead. 
21

  
Deep Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Firstly, sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question is on EBITDA margins. What 
according to you would be the biggest risk to our margins let us say if tomorrow margins were to fall 
to 5-6%, what according to you would be the main reason for that? And on the opposite side, what is 
the upside potential that we have on margins? So, we have seen some competitors have an EBITDA 
margin ranging between 11% to 13%. So, currently, FY25, we did close to 9.5%. So, what do you 
think will help us achieve or increase our margins? Let us say exports is not a big focus area right 
now. So, without including exports, what would help us reach that level of EBITDA margins? So, 
that 1s my first question. 
You see, EBITDA margins in pre-engineered building, because of a lot of the costing, we have to 
build up first. The factory is one part, but very good salespeople, engineering design team of the top 
level, project management. So, it also depends on how much is the company investing into its people. 
That makes a big difference 1f you were to look at EBITDA margins. And I think 1f we want to build 
up good EBITDA margins, we have to have that. But turnover will actually increase our EBITDA 
margins because we have pretty high operational leverage in our business. So, I think our EBITDA 
margins will definitely improve. But also maybe, 
I mean, 
I do not know how anybody is making 
more than us because nobody gets an order higher than us. If anybody does, it 1s only Kirby. But we 
have never got an order at a lower price than anybody else. People have to beat us in price by a great 
margin to get the order that they get. So, 
I do not know, maybe M&B Engineering has done some 
wonders to get 13%. But we are also investing at the same time. And I think EBITDA margins for 
us will grow with getting better clients and larger projects as well as a larger turnover. Because a lot 
of the people cost is fixed. The sales cost do not increase dramatically with turnover. Same with 
design engineering. Similar with project management. So, we are concentrating on this that when we 
touch our projected figure of Rs.2,500 crores by '27-28, we should have substantially higher EBITDA 
margin. But I do not know how other people are getting 13%, 14%. That is you have to ask them. 
We think that we are giving a great product. We are building up the company for the next future also. 
Because you cannot get good teams immediately only when you are increasing turnover. You have 
to build them up earlier. But mainly it depends on your own economies inside, how well do you turn 
around the project, how well is good is your purchasing, how good are you controlling your wastages 
and your productivity and how good is your team, how do you keep your team? Keeping the team 1s 
very critical. Sometimes you are maybe paying more than the market to keep the good team because 
if they perform, then your margins are much better in the future. So, I think we are concentrating on 
that. Give a great quality, margins will follow. 
I know all of you are very concerned about the 
margins. But I think the margins are an outcome of what we do rather than something that we can 
aim for. And we think we will get it. 
I think we should be the best in the industry, no doubt. But we 
have to also keep investing for the future. 
22

  
Deep Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Deep Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Deep Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Got it. So, the first part of the question was on the risk to your margin. Let us say they fall to 6-7%. 
What according to you would be the main reason for that? 
If suddenly the sales drop, there is no other risk. If you look at our margins in 2021 and 2022, when 
the two COVID hit years, we had the orders, we had the capacity to deliver the orders we had, but 
because we had to shut down for three, three months, the margins dropped. After that, there has been 
no black swan event. 
Got it. So, raw materials would not be a problem because earlier you used to give a split between 
fixed and variable contracts. Can you highlight or give an update on that also like how other 
contracts? 
That 1s now more or less fixed because the steel price variation is very little. See, what happens in 
fixed and variable is basically who is taking the risk. In the fixed price, 
I am taking the risk. In 
variable, the customer 1s taking the risk. We have learned how to manage the risk because now there 
1s not too much variation. Steel prices go up and down very nominally every month. And there is a 
certain way they do it. The cycle is very simple. In June, July, August, even up to September, the 
prices will move downward to whatever they are. October, November, December, they normally 
remain stable. January, February, March, April, sometimes even till May, they will move up. But at 
the end of the year, they will be back to where they started from. And also, we are in touch constantly 
with our steel companies, because we buy from all the majors and we are always in touch with them. 
We have four to five months of materials in stock or on order. So, we have built up a very good 
model how to control, because when we are bidding, then we know. If I am bidding today, I know 
that if I have to buy the material in December, I know the prices will be higher than today. I have to 
build it up in my cost. So, it is more a matter of managing your business, because they do not change 
overnight. And they do not change dramatically except that post-COVID when the Ukraine war 
happened, they doubled overnight. But otherwise, that black swan kind of a thing has not happened 
in the 25 years. So, we have learned how to manage, and I think it is a part of the game. 
Second question 1s on exports. So, exports, I think it 1s better 1f we have local presence abroad, night, 
like some of your competitors have 
a subsidiary 
or local manufacturing presence there. You 
mentioned we currently tie up with the foreign suppliers and they do the erection part. So, let us say 
one year down the line, would you be interested in investing there in the US, like to build a local 
presence or a brand there? 
See, we have built a strategy that we will look at various partners. We have found quite a few in our 
last visit and in the last 12 months of suppliers that we have done. A lot of them are very keen to tie 
up with us. So, we will work with various suppliers. Normally, they are called general contractors 
there. So, general contractors there takes a turnkey. They are like the L&T. Simple example could be 
23

  
Deep Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Deep Shah: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Deep Shah: 
Moderator: 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
they will take the whole order and then they buy different items on different people. So, we are trying 
to tie up with a lot of general contractors in Canada and US so that we can supply to them. And if we 
have good working with them, it might not be a year, 1t might be a little longer. We are keen to invest 
with them over there and be a partner with them in their growth because we can do the kind of 
building which nobody really can do in America. The kind of building we have done in India are 
either not there in America because they are not that many big industrial buildings or they are 
importing. Then also, we are trying to concentrate on Africa, which has a lot of projects. We are 
trying to tie up with some companies there also. So, I think within a year, we will have a fairly good 
idea as to what the export market is like. But currently, I feel that export market is a little overhyped 
because the business in India 1s tremendous. 
I mean, for the next 10-years, the kind of business that 
we can get in India is tremendous. But yes, export is very critical, because I think it improves your 
quality, your scheduling, your reputation, and of course, get you better margin even if it is 10% of 
your total turnover and you can make a 20% higher margin, I think it is worth it. So, we are certainly 
concentrating on that and we do want to invest going forward into a good partnership there. 
Got it, sir. Just last question, sir. Have we disclosed the capacity at the Andhra Pradesh heavy steel 
structure plant, the installed capacity that we are adding? 
Yes, I think we have disclosed it. Maybe we put it up today. That will be about 24,000 tons for heavy 
structure. 
And anything on Gujarat? Is there anything like planned? 
Yes, Gujarat would be a pre-engineered building plant because that is a total building plant. So, that 
capacity we count 
as 40,000 tons, because 
in the building, we also take 
all the other items, 
secondaries, roofing, cladding, all that. So, basically structure capacity 
is very similar, but total 
building capacity in Gujarat will be 40,000 tons just like all our other plants and the heavy structure 
will be 24,000 tons because it will only make the structure. 
Noted, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. Thank you. 
We have a next question from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, ust wanted to understand your inventory management, because 
if I see your inventory days it is roughly around 60-odd days and if I compare it with other peers, 
they are at roughly around 160-170 days. So, does it not indicate that you are taking a call on the 
commodity prices which may be like say worrisome when the commodity prices move up or steel 
prices move up? So, I just wanted to know your view on that because across the board like say all 
24

  
Arvind Nanda: 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
the companies have like say upwards of three months of inventory, while in your case it 1s one and a 
half to two months? 
Your question assumes that the steel prices will keep goimg up. In steel inventory management, you 
have to also see what happens when prices come down. See, if you see last three years in steel like I 
mentioned just now, it goes in a cycle. So, either I should know that okay, in the low-price cycle, let 
me buy and keep. But then also do not forget that our buildings are all sold customized. So, if I buy, 
I have to pay up immediately because I cannot hedge or I cannot forward book. So, am I ready to 
keep? I think it is bad stock management. I feel that what we have 1s already very high. We are talking 
to the steel companies how to deliver better, how to deliver on time, in full, so that we can get lower 
our inventory. One is your interest cost which you are carrying. Secondly, you will increase your 
wastage, because if you are going to build all the building order that you get today from inventory, 
there is bound to be wastage. We try to order at least in the large and medium orders on building-to- 
building so that we can get pretty cut to length exact material so that we do not have wastage. And 
why carry inventory? Inventory is a dead cost and supposing prices move down and you have to sell 
it at a lesser price because the competition is there, I think it is more of managing. See, the question 
on steel comes in every call, investor call, my personal meeting with people all over the world, I have 
met people. It does come because steel is the primary material we use and people feel that steel 1s 
somehow very volatile. But actually, it is not true. 
I think as a company, if after 25 years, we have 
not learned how to manage our costing and learn to deal with the suppliers and learn to buy material 
or keep material, I personally feel debtors and stock is total dead cost. It is very easy to reduce these 
and reduce the risk. But the lesser the stock I carry, I think my risk is less that I do not get left with 
dead stock. So, we have learned to manage it the other way. 
I think even four months of stock that 
we carry 1s too high. And I think it is not wise to carry a very high level of stock, because in the 
market, you have to compete with the market prices. When I give a bid today, customer will look at 
the steel price today. He will not say, “Okay, sorry, you bought it five months ago when the prices 
are much higher, I will give you higher.” Because he 1s buying a building, he 1s not giving me a steel 
price. 
I think we have got it pretty well managed. 
I think everybody has the right to have their own 
method of managing a business. 
And that is why you are 1n business. 
That is why we are in the business and we have learned that this is a better way. And business which 
we have always been very short of money, so we have always learned to manage how do we do 
business with the least amount of money. That is always the first focus in our mind. Choose the 
customer well, never have a bad debt, never carry dead stock, never carry too much, because steel 
you have to pay upfront, I get no credit literally except against an LC. So, coming from that kind of 
a background, I think we are very careful how we use our money. 
25

  
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
Okay. But if say, hypothetically, if the steel prices move up like 10-12% because it 1s a commodity, 
like the way the safeguard duty was imposed. Thankfully, like Chinese steel prices had not moved 
up, but there has been an increase like roughly around 10-12%. So, in that environment, it can have 
some bearing on the margins. 
No, but they started coming down again as per the cycle from May-June onwards, the prices have 
come down. And you are carrying a stock which you bought before you are going to be in trouble. 
And lastly, like sir, after like say Pantnagar or Uttarakhand capacity, we have expanded entirely into 
the south and now coming in Gujarat. So, what 1s the mix between the regions in terms of our project 
execution, like say, where the revenue is coming from? 
See, the main thing we must remember in our business 1s that we cannot be near a client. We cannot 
be near a client, ever. We can never be near a client. So, we have never tried to manage our plants as 
to being near the client. Let us say if I have done Tata Motors four plants, they are all four different 
parts of India. 
I am doing a plant in Assam, or I am doing... So, we have decided that north we did 
because it was natural for us because we were in the north. Our first base was Noida. We sit there, 
we live in Delhi. So, it became the natural base. And Rudrapur we expanded because that was a good 
industrial area. Prices of land were low when they started, and we went there. South India, then we 
went because there was a lot of business developing. So, once we reach an optimum level somewhere, 
then we look at another location. Optimum level for us also means that one management team can 
manage the plants. So, we have one management team in the north and one in the south. So, that 
management team is also very critical. If for every plant you need a new management team because 
you set up sub-optimal plants, the cost goes up too much. And like a gentleman earlier asked that, 
will you be having operational cost without any business? 
So, here we have done that. One 
management team here, one there. Now, we feel that since we have ample capacity in both these 
areas, we should go west because that is the next stop. West, there is a lot of business. We do a lot of 
work out of Gujarat. We do a lot of work in the west. So, why not go to another geography? But it 1s 
not that because we are trying to save freight or we are trying to get nearer to our customers. 
No, general sense what comes in our mind 1s that it is more of an interplay between the freight. But 
based on your commentary, it suggests that 1t 1s more of how you serve the customer with your 
designing part and the execution. It 1s not just the mere freight. 
No, if I would put it in a way, freight 1s really sort of a no-go in this matter. Nobody considers freight 
and says that. Because number one, we are bidding for a building. So, I am not charging freight to 
the customer for extra. So, I am bidding for a building. 
I have to be competitive. The building could 
be next door to me. And if another guy is competitive, he can come and take the order. Steel could 
be Rs.60 rupees a Kg, our finished item could be Rs.120 a Kg. Freight remains the same. So, freight 
26

  
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Moderator: 
Interarch Building Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2025 
1s a very low element in our costing. But of course, there are so many other elements. But once you 
are putting up a new plant, you try to go to a new location so that you can, if possible, save freight 
also. But there are many other issues. Land, where do you get it? Labor. If you have too much 1n one 
area, you need a lot of labor, which you might not get. You could have labor problems getting that. 
Some state governments also can be pretty unreliable sometimes. You have something. 
So, you 
diversify your risk more than anything else. But diversification is not in terms of freight. It is in terms 
of many other factors. 
Great, sir. Great and thanks a lot. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. On behalf of Ambit 
Capital Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
27
