 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2025-26/33                                                                        Date – July 22, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, conducted 
after the meeting of the Board of Directors on July 17, 2025 which can also be accessed on the website of 
the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial-information/shareholder-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitally signed by Sonali Nitin 
Chandak 
Date: 2025.07.22 14:08:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2025 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. From the 
management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. Naozad Sirwalla 
and Mr. Simal Kanuga. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. 
 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Simal 
Kanuga, who will give us a brief following which, we will proceed with the 
Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thank you so much. Good evening, everyone, and we hope that you had a 
chance to go through our presentation. Brief update on the industry. So, the 
AUM stood at INR74.4 trillion as of June 2025, reflecting a 22% Y-o-Y 
increase. Equity-oriented AUM crossed INR 43 trillion, up 21% over the same 
period. 
 
During the quarter, equity-oriented funds witnessed net inflows of INR911 
billion. A quick recap here, first quarter of last financial year had net new flows 
of INR1,281 billion. And for the full financial year, number was INR5,544 
billion. Almost all equity categories recorded net inflows during the quarter. 
 
In fact, this was the 52nd consecutive month of positive net flows for actively 
managed equity-oriented funds. Based on the overall improved liquidity in the 
system, debt and liquid funds recorded net inflows of INR1.34 trillion and 
INR609 billion, respectively. Inflows in arbitrage funds added up to INR431 
billion and ETFs attracted INR264 billion. 
 
SIP flows remained strong with monthly contributions reaching INR273 
billion in June of 2025. The number of contributing accounts grew to INR86.5 
million, compared to INR67 million a year ago. SIP AUM crossed INR15 
trillion, and now accounts for 37% of the actively managed equity-oriented 
AUM. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
NFO during the quarter mobilized INR65 billion across categories. The 
number of individual folios increased to 240 million, 26% year-on-year 
growth.  
Now we move to us. Our closing AUM crossed INR8.5 trillion with an overall 
market share of 11.5% and a Y-o-Y growth of 21%. Excluding ETF, our 
market share was 12.8%. 
 
Actively managed equity-oriented assets grew by 19% year-on-year and 
crossed INR5 trillion with a market share of 12.8%. On the fixed income side, 
debt and liquid AUM grew by 22% and 17% Y-o-Y, respectively, with market 
share of 13.3% and 12.6%. 
 
Our quarterly average AUM mix remained steady with equity-oriented assets 
accounting for 64.2%. We added 0.5 million unique customers during the 
quarter, 500,000, while the industry added 1 million. As a result, our unique 
investor penetration now accounts for 25% of mutual fund investors in the 
country. Our systematic book crossed INR40 billion in month of June. The 
comparable number for June 2024 was INR32 billion. AUM under SIPs 
crossed INR2 trillion during the quarter.  
Our share of individual equity monthly average AUM for June 2025, stood at 
13.1%, reinforcing our position as one of the most preferred choice amongst 
individual investors.  
Now to financials. Our revenue from operations grew by 25% year-on-year to 
be at INR9,678 million. Other income grew by 34% year-on-year, aided by 
mark-to-market on both equity and debt. 
 
Total cost for this quarter was INR2,144 million as against INR1,959 million 
in Q1 of last year. Operating profit for the year grew by 30% year-on-year with 
a stable operating profit margin of 36 basis points of AUM. Our profit after tax 
grew to INR7,480 million, a growth of 24% year-on-year. 
 
Thank you so much. Navneet, Naozad and I are here to take questions from 
here on. Neerav, we can start building the question queue, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Shreya Shivani from CLSA 
India. Please go ahead.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have three questions for you. My first question is on the yields for the quarter. 
Can you share the indicative yields across equity, debt, liquid ETF segments? 
And also, a commentary on why there has been a yield expansion in this quarter 
versus the previous quarter on Q-o-Q basis, why has there been an expansion? 
My second question is on the ESOP and the PSU plan that you announced in 
June and there was one announced today also, but that was a much smaller one. 
Can you help us understand what will be the cost implication of that entire 
plan, how will it be split over the next 3, 4 years? And how should we build 
our expenses going ahead?  
And my third question is on the new asset class. Where are we in terms of 
setting up the team, launching of the product, etcetera? Any update on that will 
be useful. Thank you so much. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I'll start with the yields. So, the equity yields for the quarter broadly in line 
with the previous quarter, about 58, 59 basis points for equity, debt is between 
27 and 28 basis points and liquid between 12 and 13. I think on an overall 
blended basis, we are at 46 basis points for the quarter, which is almost in line 
with what we have been having for the last couple of quarters. So, it's pretty 
much in line, actually not really any material expansion, I would say. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Somehow, it seems like, okay -- I'll get back, I'll check this offline. But it seems 
like there's a big expansion, more than 1 bp expansion in the quarter is what I 
feel, as per my numbers. 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, I think we can take it offline Shivani. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, yes. Sure, sure. Yes, let's move to the next question. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
On the questions on ESOPs and PSUs, maybe a bit of background. So, in 2020, 
we had obtained shareholder approval for around 32 lakh shares, of which we 
had issued 23 lakh shares at various points in time. That scheme provided for 
equal vesting over 3 years. So, we have done away with that scheme and the 
balance, 8.7 lakh shares, which were not issued than have been cancelled. 
So, looking at the dynamics and the long-term orientation of the organization, 
we came out with a new scheme for ESOP and performance stock units, which 
have a vesting of 4 years. The new scheme has a back-end vesting of 10%, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
20%, 30% and 40% for stock options over the first, second, third and fourth 
year. Similarly, for vesting of PSUs, it is vesting 30% in the third year and 70% 
in the fourth period. 
The NRC, in their meeting on June 20, 2025 had issued 10-odd lakhs ESOP 
and 2.28 lakhs performing stock units. PSUs are not issued to Navneet and his 
direct reports who have been designated as HOD. And furthermore, PSUs are 
linked with performance parameters. So, our estimates as per Black Scholes 
suggests that the noncash ESOP/PSU related expense would be between 
INR205 crores to INR210 crores over the vesting period. 
This, of course, is an estimate based on assumptions around attrition rates, 
volatility and other relevant inputs. So, the scheme would broadly result in a 
noncash charge of about INR56 crores in FY '26, around INR63 crores in FY 
'27, INR51-odd crores in FY '28, INR32 crores in FY '29 and about INR6-odd 
crores in FY '30. These are again broad estimates as we speak today. There is 
also a stub of the residual cost of the previous ESOPs scheme. That's around 
INR14 crores, INR11 crores of which is for FY '26 and INR3 crores in FY '27. 
Again, I would like to end it by stating that over the last 5 years, we have 
recognized around INR180 crores as ESOP related expenses in our P&L. And 
as you know, we continue to manage our overall costs and have also not shied 
away from investing in our business, hiring people, expanding branch network, 
establish new verticals, as well as improving our digital infrastructure, etcetera. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Navneet, would you want to add on the ESOP, overall thought process? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure, sure. While Naozad has explained it in detail. I will just add that the 
HDFC Group has consistently championed employee ownership across its 
companies. At HDFC AMC, we have no doubt that our people are central to 
delivering consistent, sustainable long-term value to our clients and 
shareholders. 
 
So, aligning employee interest with those of shareholders, clients and other 
stakeholders is fundamental to group's way of thinking. This reinforces our 
ethos while also responding to the evolving expectations of talent and the 
changing dynamics of industry. So, I view this not as a cost, but as a long-term 
investment in building and retaining high-quality talent. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Also, I would like to add 1 thing that under the new plan, ESOPs and PSU put 
together have been granted to over 800 people. That is 50% of our workforce 
across levels. So, we are broadening ownership and deepening alignment. 
While the accounting charge is noncash in nature that Naozad has explained. 
So, for FY '26 if I assume an average AUM of let's say INR8.5 trillion. The 
estimated impact is well below 1 basis point of AUM or to be exact about 0.8 
basis points. 
Navneet Munot: 
The third question was on SIF. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Shreya, does this close your question on ESOP? 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, it does. Just the last question on SIF. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, on SIF, we have secured the necessary approval from SEBI to set up 
a Specialized Investment Fund and that opens up an avenue for us to launch 
this product. Our ability to launch and scale new offerings rest on the strong 
foundation we have built, a large and diversified investor base and distribution 
network that enables quick and efficient market reach. Team is currently 
focused on designing a thoughtful set of offerings within that, that aligns with 
our investment strength and risk management capabilities, reflect distributor 
and investors' feedback and offers a balanced risk reward proposition to 
everyone. 
So, I think I might have mentioned this earlier that our broader vision is very 
clear to serve as a comprehensive investment platform offering solutions across 
mutual funds, which includes both active and passive, portfolio management 
services and differentiated alternative strategies, which can meet the needs of 
a wide range of investors and a wide range of our partners. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. And sir, just to follow-up on that. Is the hiring done for this team? 
Navneet Munot: 
We keep evaluating our investment capability, risk management capability and 
the product capability. And I'm sure you will give us the credit given our long 
track record on that. I will also add one line that we don't mind not being the 
first, but our focus is on being the best and doing what's right for our customers 
and all stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ranveer Singh from HB Securities. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Ranveer Singh: 
So, I had a question like we have around INR8,200 crores approx in our 
balance sheet. And when I see the notes to accounts, INR7,500-odd crores is 
invested in mutual funds. So what kind of mutual funds are these? I'm aware 
that you guys have to invest a certain amount in your mutual funds. Why I'm 
asking this question is to understand the other income better. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, these are largely in debt mutual funds, our own schemes, we give the 
breakup of the investments in the schedule to our investor deck. Yes, Page 29 
of the shareholders presentation we load on the website has the details. So, out 
of investments in Mutual funds, around 10% is equity, 7.5% is arbitrage and 
the balance is in liquid and debt funds. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Centrum Broking. 
Mohit Mangal: 
My first question is towards the HDFC Bank. I mean HDFC Bank's 
contribution has kind of declined both in overall and equity. I know I mean in 
absolute terms, it must have increased. But why percentage terms that it can't 
increase from the current levels? 
Simal Kanuga: 
The pie chart that you're looking at, right, it is basically, if other channels grow 
faster as compared to a bank, you will automatically see that pie chart shape 
up in the fashion it has. So, it is not necessary that we are losing a share or 
anything in HDFC Bank scheme of things.  
But in terms of overall system, because of the way the fintechs are contributing 
in terms of SIP flows and others, direct as a proportion of that overall pie has 
been growing at a faster pace. So, it is more of a realignment rather, it's difficult 
to kind of decide on increase or decrease based on what you look at in that data 
point. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. But HDFC Bank sells all the products, right? There is no kind of 
restriction on that. 
Simal Kanuga: 
It is an open architecture, yes. 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. And secondly, I just wanted to know your outlook on debt and liquid. 
Debt already had a good growth rate this quarter and even the liquid schemes 
also had a great kind of a growth rate. So just wanted to understand, are we 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
introducing first of all, new products? And second basically outlook for the 
entire in terms of the growth rate? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think the RBI taking series of measures to improve the liquidity in the system. 
I think the reduction in interest rates, CRR, all of that had a cumulative impact 
on debt market also becoming attractive for investors who are looking at yields 
which have kind of like can be on a downward trajectory. And I think overall 
favorable backdrop for the debt markets and by extension for debt mutual 
funds, I think all of these measures have been good for us.  
We remain constructive on the outlook for debt funds. You might have noticed 
that even at AMFI, we have relaunched our campaign to promote debt fund. 
And I think whenever liquidity in the system improves, that also helps when 
people have positive view on the interest rate trajectory. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. And any pipeline basically, I mean, for the launch of new products in 
this category? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think we have best-in-class product range there. I think almost all the 
categories which are allowed by SEBI as per the classification are already 
available. In fact, in this quarter, if I remember correctly, the flows in the debt 
and liquid category put together for the mutual fund industry would be the 
highest ever for the industry. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Just taking the point forward on revenue, right? So, my question was related to 
the yields. So, the yields, of course, have been sort of flattish. But in spite of a 
strong growth in equity sequentially and also overall yield driven by equity. So 
what has led to this? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, Gaurav, the yields have been flattish year-on-year with a similar kind of 
asset mix and increase the equity AUM, part of that can be attributed to the 
rationalization exercise we undertook last year. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Yes. So, I get that -- sequentially also are some of the funds would have sort 
of breached that AUM level, right? So, I just want to understand why is there 
still a flattish sort of reported yield? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, it's basically a mix, right, what happens in terms of new asset sales or 
anything? Honestly, we would request you not to read too much into expansion 
or anything because that is not what we've been seeing. What tends to happen 
is certain other products get sold, some outgoing money would have been from 
a higher yielding or something. So, mix of all of these things would have 
attributed, but there is no other specified reason for margins to kind of expand 
or anything. I think it has been exactly in the same line as you pointed out with 
increased AUM. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Understood, sir. Lastly, on the other opex, right, so there's been a sequential 
increase. So, can you help us understand the factors that would have led to this 
and equally quantify the magnitudes please? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, your question is between March quarter and June quarter? 
Gaurav Jani: 
Yes, correct. That's correct. I think INR75 crores -- INR72 crores to INR75 
crores is going to go about -- it has increased by about INR9 crores or INR10 
crores. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes. So, some of it is the timing of the CSR expenditure actually, depending 
on how and when we spend our CSR, that moves the number. That's largely 
the material change. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just I wanted some comments 
around your net flow market share. See, SIP market share seems to have gone 
up sequentially, and you've done well there. But if I look at closing equity 
AUM, that's about 12.8%. Are we seeing slightly higher lump sum 
redemptions? So, any comments around that? And probably on an overall 
basis, how are you seeing net inflow sort of market share shape up for you? So 
that will be helpful. 
Navneet Munot: 
Our market share across all channels has been pretty healthy. That includes the 
national distributors, mutual fund distributors, fintech channel, investors who 
invest directly with us, RIAs so on and so forth. And we continue to get good 
share both in lump sum as well as in the SIPs. The way you are computing and 
we have always mentioned that the change in share that you are noticing would 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
be on account of flows on one side and the mark-to-market impact on other 
side.  
And different funds would move differently, like you would see a difference 
between the way large caps would have moved compared to middle and small 
caps, hybrid funds may have a different amount of equity within there. So, it's 
a combination of many things. But if the question is on trend in the flows, yes, 
I mean, we really see an encouraging trend here. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And on a quarter-on-quarter basis, are we maintaining our net inflow market 
share? 
Simal Kanuga: 
I think, Madhukar, we have always stated, right, we don't really necessarily 
comment on our net inflow share. But I think as Navneet touched upon, I think 
our overall net flow market share is higher than our book market share. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a question on yields again, could you give us a breakdown on the yields? 
Is it similar to what we have seen in the previous quarter? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Equity remains at 58, 59 basis points. Debt is 27, 28 basis points and liquids is 
12, 13 basis points.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Also, on the debt front, is there any flow towards the longer duration? Or are 
we anticipating that? How should we think about this with interest rate cuts 
happening? Do we see some traction already? Because I think the data suggests 
that at least one year has started seeing some traction but the longer duration 
ones would see further traction going ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
Credit to our fixed income team, they were highlighting more than a year back 
that those were the good interest rates for long term investors, and we saw 
decent traction from individual investors and some of the other corporate 
investors in the long-term funds. But the recent flow that I talked about in the 
last quarter, they are largely at the short end. 
But as an industry, all of us collectively have been making efforts to ensure 
that industry has got good product range and a good offering even on the fixed 
income side and mutual fund should not only be looked at as like equity 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
investments by individual retail investors. We've been working very hard to 
promote fixed income also. And of course, some of the investors play fixed 
income through the hybrid fund. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And on the SIF, do you need to have a separate investment team 
altogether or your existing team can be utilized to do those as well? 
Navneet Munot: 
No. I think a mix of both. I think from an overall investment team perspective, 
we have always mentioned that we have a deep pool of investment talent at our 
end. And then, of course, there is a lot of risk management and product 
capability that you need, which also we have. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have just two questions. Firstly, like 
in the previous quarter, you mentioned that we have seen some higher 
disclosures on the STP side of it. We just wanted to check how is the current 
trend over there? Like, have we seen some stoppage in the closures rate over 
there or not? Just some comments over there. 
And secondly, like on the alternative side, we have seen some good jump-up 
in the overall AUM from around INR5,100 crores to around INR6,000 crores. 
So, what has led to that sharp increase? And what kind of yields do we make 
in that segment, currently? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, first question was on SIP accounts and closures, right? 
Lalit Deo: 
STP, sir. 
Navneet Munot: 
STP, Systematic Transfer Plan, yes. So that relatively is more volatile than the 
SIP flows. SIP flows are like very steady. People commit for much longer and 
a large part of the SIP book is these days, we are seeing longer and longer 
tenure getting committed at the beginning of the SIP, when investors sign.  
On the STP, you may sometimes have investors who are kind of like investing 
in one debt fund or in liquid fund and transferring money from that over a 
period of time to equity or hybrid funds. Was that your question? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes, apart from that, there were like, just on a sequential basis actually, 
probably due to the weakness of the markets also, there were some more 
closures like in the last particular quarter. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean -- so when it comes to SIP, I would like to suggest to focus on two 
important data points that AMFI discloses. One is SIP contribution and two is 
the number of contributing accounts. AMFI has begun disclosing the number 
of contributing SIP accounts which provides a more meaningful view of actual 
investor engagement.  
So, to give you numbers, the contributing accounts increased to INR8.6 crores 
in June ‘25 compared to INR6.7 crores in June ‘24. The contribution amount 
touches the new peak that you would have seen, INR27,269 crores in June ‘25, 
which is up from INR21,262 crores a year earlier. So, that's a growth of 
INR6,000 crores. 
So, while some fluctuations due to account closure or pauses are to be expected 
month to month, the broader trend remains intact and we continue to see 
growing interest from investors in overall systemic investing. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, second question was on the alternative side actually. 
Simal Kanuga: 
On the alternative side, we have two things, right? One is basically, we did a 
venture capital private equity fund of fund, which we closed last year with 
INR1,200-odd crores of AUM. We are currently in the raise mode when it 
comes to credit fund. The increase in AUM has also happened based on some 
of the inflows that we have seen under our non-discretionary portfolio 
management services accounts. In terms of yields, not very different as 
compared to our overall business. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Divij Punjabi from Banyan Tree 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. One was regarding the 
growth in the passive segment. So, we are seeing good growth over there. So, 
if you could talk about the factors that have led to this, and two was around our 
strategy on launching new funds in the year. If you can touch upon that as well. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Passives, you're talking about the overall industry growth or at our end? 
Divij Punjabi:  
At your end. 
Navneet Munot: 
Okay. No, I mean we have got the full product range. And I think we have been 
one of the oldest players on the passive side. Our first index one got launched 
in 2002 and continues to remain one of the largest index funds in the country. 
Over the last couple of years, we have significantly expanded our product 
offering both on index fund as well as on the ETF side, that includes market 
cap-based indices, smart beta, some of the sectoral/thematic funds. 
So, we've got the full product bouquet, we've got the best-in-class content and 
a seamless journey for investors to participate in that. We engage with partners 
who have been offering passive as part of their product bouquet. So, trying to 
make every possible effort to ensure that we get our fair share in that space. 
On the overall new product pipeline. So, our current product suite is very well 
diversified. And as per the classification, we are present in almost all the 
categories that regulator allows. Within the sector and thematic category, 
wherever our investment team has a strong belief in terms of the product that 
we should offer, where we have the investment capability and we think that at 
least a set of investors and distributors would have a place for that kind of 
product, we continue to come out with that. Recently we did this NFO of 
innovation fund. 
So, I think overall, our product bouquet has been pretty decent. And our 
endeavour is to keep gaining scale in each and every category and each and 
every product within that. So, we are the market leader in a couple of 
categories, let's say, Balanced Advantage Fund or a Mid Cap Fund, Flexi Cap 
Funds, Small Cap, but our ambition is to build leadership across the board, 
each and every product where we are present, given the long-term track record, 
given the investment capability and given the reach that we have, I want to 
ensure that we have leadership in every product where we are present. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, sir. Actually, going back to one of the participants previous question where 
you mentioned that your flow market share across most of the channel partners 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
have been healthy. I think a similar question was the equity-oriented market 
share has broadly been stable over some time now. 
And if I look at -- and one of the reasons you pointed out is obviously the 
differential mark-to-market and composition of schemes within the equity-
oriented bucket which is fair. But if I look at across schemes, it will probably 
be some scheme, let's say, some of the schemes where market share has kind 
of been down a little bit over the last 6, 9 months and maybe some of the 
categories, the market share is probably a little bit up on an AUM basis. 
So the question really is if you were to look at flows that you have seen over 
this past quarter, over the past 9 months, or maybe 12 months, have there been 
any sort of skew towards the categories, let's say, where your concentration 
within the portfolio is high, let's say, some of the categories where you are 
relatively more dominant or the mix of those categories within your portfolio 
is relatively high. Has there been any sort of skew and ex of that, how are you 
seeing the flow trend across different scheme categories, or quantifying in 
terms of the trajectory? 
Navneet Munot: 
The flow trend has been pretty healthy, Dipanjan, I mentioned there. But on 
the mark-to-market side, if you look at like last 1-year, different indices would 
have performed differently. And again, as I said, that within the hybrid funds 
depending on what the equity share you are running and the impact on the 
mark-to-market on the fixed income side also can have some impact on the 
way you look at this year. But otherwise, on the flows, I can tell you that it's 
been encouraging. 
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
Got it. But, Navneet, already like fair to assume that, let's say, across most of 
the large categories within the equity-oriented side, the flow market share has 
been holding up? If I were to kind of look at each individual category 
separately, just on a flow basis, sir? 
Navneet Munot: 
By and large, yes, it's an asset class. I mean, within that, different funds, in 
some of the funds we will have exceptionally high share. In some of the funds, 
we would have slightly lower share. But if you look at equities as an asset class, 
would be higher, yes. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Simal Kanuga: 
And Dipanjan, if you are referring to holding up, definitely, yes, I think we 
have not seen a loss of share in any large category. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from Abhijeet from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, everyone. So, I have a qualitative question. So, when 
we look at the portfolio, we have a really large balanced fund, which has like 
a defensive characteristic and then slightly outsized exposure towards the small 
and mid-cap fund. 
So as a franchise, is it possible or do you kind of intend to move money around 
of the customers across cycles, whenever you kind of want to slow down flows 
in some of the smaller and mid-cap categories? 
Generally, the distributors take that call. But as an AMC, how do you really 
capture the existing relationship and be able to move that money across some 
of the other funds within the fund house itself? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, we don't do the asset allocation on behalf of our partners or on behalf 
of our investors unless it's an asset allocation product. So, in Dynamic Asset 
Allocation, which is the Balanced Advantage Fund for us, the fund manager 
would do some bit of allocation within the template that we would have or in 
a multi-asset fund.  
But otherwise, I mean, we express our views. Our fund managers express their 
views on different asset classes within that different category. So, at different 
points in time, the fund manager of mid- and small-cap, which is Chirag, would 
be expressing certain views while other fund managers may have a different 
view on what they think about the large-cap category or a particular sector or 
a particular theme, then it's completely up to the partner or the end investor, 
where they want to invest money. 
We don't give, like, very aggressive calls on investors should shift money from 
this place to this place. We have always believed, and if you look at several of 
our funds which have got track record going back 20 years or 25 years or even 
30 years, I think our belief has been investors keeping their money for the long 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
run, having that strategic asset allocation has kind of, has delivered the best 
possible results. 
Too much of that technical asset allocation and trying to react to every, I would 
say, market move doesn't really result in the best possible wealth creation for 
the investor. That is what our experience of last 25 years suggests, and this is 
what we keep guiding our partners and investors. 
Abhijeet: 
Got it. And then just to follow up, like, do we have any number or do we kind 
of track the number of products per customer or is there a correlation between 
once you have a customer holding more than one or two funds, the relationship 
tends to be a more stickier one? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. I mean, I mentioned earlier, in a different context that we would like to 
optimize or maximize our share within each and every category. And that 
includes both, getting new customers, and of course, kind of like offering other 
products to the existing investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, to summarize, our closing AUM crossed INR8.5 trillion. Systematic 
transactions, which includes both SIP, as well as STP, that stood at rupees 
INR40.1 billion in June, 2025. And we added 0.5 million unique investors 
during the quarter. I would reiterate also our mission and vision. Our mission 
is to be the wealth creator for every Indian. And our vision is to be the most 
respected asset manager in the world. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
