 
THE S,UKHJIT 
STARCH AND CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
E\IOL\IING WITH NA1lJRE 
Ref: SSC/SVP /SE/2025-26/ C i° 1 7
BYE-FILING 
To, 
To, 
Dt: 9/08/2025 
The General Manager-Listing Departn1ent 
BSE Lin1i ted 
The ,General Manager-Listing Departn1e11t 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Ref: Security Co,d,e: 524•542 
Th National tock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Pl ,za, 5 th F]oor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Blocl<, Bandra I(urla Con1plex, 
Sandra (E), Mun1bai - 400 051 
Ref: Symbol: SUKHJITS 
Reg: Transcript of Earnings Call hosted 011 August 13. 2025 
Purs 1ant to lɥegu]ation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requiren1ents) 
Regulations, 2015, tl1e transcript of the Conference ,C ll / post Earnings Can hosted by the 
Comp .. ny on August 13, 202S to discuss Q  FY26 rest1lts, is attached herewith. 
You are requested to kindly tal<e note of the same. 
Thanking You, 
Yours 
I aithfully, 
For THE Ul{HJIT STARCH & Cl-IEMICALS LTD 
Sr. VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
&COMPANY SECRETARY 
SARAI ROAD, PHAGWARA 
DIS I I I . KAPUiRTHALA 
PUNJAB 144 401, INDl1A 
T +911824 468800, 260314 
F +911824 261669, 262077 
E SUKHJIT@SUKHJlTGROUP.COM 
CIN : l15321P82 944PLC001925 
ISO 9001:200 Certlfled 
& FSSC:22000 Company 
WWW.SUKHJJTGROUP,COM 
Aman 
Deep Setia
Digitally signed by 
Aman Deep Setia 
Date: 2025.08.19 
13:35:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
“The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited Q1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHIRAJ SARDANA - SENIOR VP & CEO, THE
SUKHJIT STARCH & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. BHAVDEEP SARDANA - SENIOR VP & CEO, THE
SUKHJIT STARCH & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH CHAWLA - SENIOR VP AND CFO, THE
SUKHJIT STARCH & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. AMAN SETIA - SENIOR VP FINANCE & COMPANY
SECRETARY, THE SUKHJIT STARCH & CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited Q1 
FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aman Setia. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aman Setia: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I, Aman Setia, Senior VP Finance & 
Company Secretary of The Sukhjit Starch, extend a very warm welcome to all of you joining us 
for today's call to discuss our Q1 FY'26 Results. 
Dear investors, we truly value your ongoing support and commitment. I trust you have reviewed 
our Q1 FY'26 financial results which are available on the Stock Exchange as well as on our 
website. 
Today, joining us from the Management Team are Mr. Dhiraj Sardana – Senior VP and CEO, 
Mr. Bhavdeep Sardana – Senior VP and CEO, and Mr. Rakesh Chawla – Senior VP and CFO. 
For an overview of our financial performance, I will now hand over to Mr. Rakesh Chawla. 
Rakesh Chawla: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you, Amanji. I am delighted to welcome all of our stakeholders 
to today's call. 
I would like to provide a summary of our financial results for the quarter year-ended June '25: 
In this quarter, the revenue from operations reached Rs. 367.20 crores. Our EBITDA recorded 
at Rs. 19.89 crores with an increase of 14.11%, Q-o-Q, and a EBITDA margin stood at 5.42%. 
In terms of bottom line performance, our net profit for the quarter was Rs. 4.75 crores, up 94.67% 
from the previous quarter. For a more in-depth analysis of our operational performance, I will 
now turn the call over to Mr. Dhiraj Sardana. 
Dhiraj Sardana: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to share some thoughts on the broader industry 
environment as we begin FY'26. The year has commenced on a promising note, and we are 
encouraged by early signs of recovery across key sectors. The starch industry, in particular, is 
showing initial signs of stabilization in raw material pricing. This is being supported by the 
government's proactive initiatives to boost maize cultivation aimed at meeting rising demand 
from industrial and poultry segments. These efforts are expected to ease supply-side pressures 
and contribute to a more balanced and predictable input cost environment in the coming quarters. 
We have also seen stable finished good pricing and a notable uptick in offtake, which signals 
strengthening demand across end-user industries such as food processing, textiles, paper, and 
pharmaceuticals. With improving maize availability and supportive pricing dynamics, we 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 3 of 10 
remain cautiously optimistic about the outlook for the second half of FY'26. The macro 
environment continues to evolve, and while challenges remain, we believe our industry is well-
positioned to benefit from structural tailwinds and policy support. 
Now I would like to hand over to Mr. Bhavdeep Sardana to share some more details with you. 
Thank you. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you. We are pleased to present our operational and financial performance for the first 
quarter of FY'26. 
We recorded a mute start to the year, however, with encouraging momentum across our core 
business segment. During the quarter, we saw stable pricing and increasing offtake. These trends, 
combined with rising consumption in the country and better raw material availability, reinforce 
our confidence for the second half of the fiscal year. Looking ahead, our focus remains on 
deepening customer engagement, driving innovation, and embedding sustainability across our 
operations. These pillars are centered to reflect our commitment to delivering an enduring value 
to all stakeholders. In conclusion, we are confident in the geopolitical and the tariff trends for 
our business, and we are confident that the opportunities that lie ahead will add value. Our 
strategic initiatives, coupled with disciplined execution, position us well to navigate the evolving 
landscape and deliver consistent performance. 
Thank you and I now welcome any questions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Hi, thanks for the question. My first question is on the industry front. I just want to understand 
at what stage is the industry growing? And it would be helpful if you could quote the volume 
figures for the industry. What volume growth did we register for the quarter? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
It is difficult to give exact volume numbers, but yes, we are growing. The industry typically 
grows minimum at the rate of GDP. So, that answers both your questions. So, I have answered 
your question. A) That our industry grows minimum at the rate of GDP. It can grow faster also 
depending on which sector is growing, etc. I cannot share with you the volume figures of our 
company that is secretive and confidential. However, we have grown in volume. Thirdly, I would 
like to give you a perspective that the Indian starch industry, Indian starch per capita 
consumption is lower than that of China and China is the   state. So, we have relatively a very 
big opportunity to increase our consumption over time. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Understood, sir. And sir, the next question is, did the early monsoon had any impact on our 
business? And sequentially, we have done better. So, is it attributable to raw material correction 
or is it from the realization front? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 4 of 10 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
A healthy monsoon will affect the incoming Kharif crop. We are hopeful that the Kharif crop 
will be very good. As far as price correction, are you referring to the maize price for Rabi crop 
or you are referring to the prospective Kharif crop? 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Rabi crops. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, Rabi crop has already harvested. The price which we saw was a result of good availability 
and timely intervention of the government of India for supplying rice to the ethanol players. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
So, that means we did not book any kind of inventory loss. Is my understanding correct? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We have not booked any inventory loss. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Okay, sir. And so, my next question is, does the ratio-- 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
You said two questions. You are on question number four. There are others, can you come back 
into the queue? 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Yes, sure sir. No worries. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please go ahead. 
Naitik: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question is, in the last call you had mentioned 
there is some pricing pressure in terms of international starch prices. So, just wanted to know, 
now you mentioned that the prices have settled, but if you could share Q-o-Q have the price 
increased or they are there where they were? And how is the China exports affecting the same? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you. I recall having the conversation. Yes, there has been a price stabilization and a minor 
price increase. What has helped the industry is the rationalization in raw material pricing during 
this period. And we are hopeful that the bottom has been tested. The next couple of months will 
give us an idea of the resilience in pricing as well as the government of India's negotiations with 
US will lead to some inputs on maize pricing as well. Whether government of India agrees to 
ethanol import or it agrees to GM maize import for ethanol production, all that will have a 
bearing on raw material pricing and that will have an impact on our finished goods pricing. As 
far as export is concerned, I believe some manufacturers, but exports out of India have not started 
in a very big way. But there has been a positive change over the last two months. So, I'm hopeful 
that with price stability and Indian maize pricing being competitive in the local area, where the 
export opportunity will be there for certain units. 
Naitik: 
Got it, sir. Second question is, if you could get some sense on what sort of utilization we were 
working on and given that there was some sort of overcapacity across industry, are we still going 
ahead with the 400 TPD and if yes, I mean, any progress on that? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 5 of 10 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, we handled our expansion in a very different way. We chose to look at the different products 
which we were targeting, the value-added products. We have commissioned both. One product 
is left that we will commission by the end of this financial year. It will probably spill over. What 
I was saying was that we have chosen not to finish all expansions. We have chosen to prioritize 
finished good products expansions, which are of value-addition in nature and which will add to 
our bottom-line. So, we have fast-tracked those. Only one product is left, which I think in the 
next financial first quarter, we should have that complete. But we have also added in the 
meantime, 200 tons. And we are hopeful that as and when the supply and demand improves, we 
will be able to test that capacity. And then it will take us another maybe two quarters after we 
decide to finish the balance 200 tons capacity grinding expansion. 
Naitik: 
We are let us say and what would be the utilization? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We are targeting 85% by the end of this year. We have been running at 85% and we are hoping 
that we will continue with this 85% by the end of the year. We fluctuate between 78% to 85% 
depending upon seasonality, certain product mix, etc. But we are hoping to target about 80%-
85% between 80% and 85% for this fiscal. 
Naitik: 
Got it, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jain from RJ Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Jain: 
Thank you for taking my question. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, could you provide more 
details on how maize procurement costs have trended this quarter compared to previous periods? 
And what impact this has had on your gross margins? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Sir, you were totally blanked out in between. Can you repeat that, please? I missed the second 
part of your question. 
Darshil Jain: 
So how has the maize procurement costs have impacted your margins? That was the second part. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Okay. So if you can see our margins have improved and there's been a positive effect. And with 
the fall in finished good prices and raw material, in the previous quarter did not correct as much. 
It corrected in the last quarter whose results we are discussing with you. So that factor and 
stabilization in prices and renewed demand have started to help our industry and our company. 
And we are hopeful that this journey will continue in the next couple of quarters. 
Darshil Jain: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, with the ethanol producers competing for maize, how do you assess 
the risk of future price volatility and what procurement strategies are in place to mitigate this? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, since we are a well hedged company in terms of locations, supply of maize is not an issue. 
The question is pricing. Now with the government of India coming in and releasing surplus rice 
to ethanol players gives us an opportunity to take maize at softer prices and not have another 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 6 of 10 
stakeholder of industrial maize in the market. So we tend to benefit from that strategy. And we 
are also working with government agencies, including the planning of various state governments 
where we are on maize development. And with the government of India's plans of increasing 
maize production to 70 million tons, in the short term, there could be certain gaps, but I think in 
the medium term, this will play out. And with government's capping, it's, for now, it's ethanol 
mixing. We will get some kind of a better mix of supply and demand for industrial maize. 
Darshil Jain: 
Understood. And lastly, could you share more details on the scale of the expansion or expected 
commissioning timelines and additional capacity being added? And furthermore, what would be 
the total CAPEX plan for this expansion and how are you going to fund that? Is it through 
internal accruals or are we going to take on debt or is it a mix of it? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We will take internal debt for this expansion, we have completed 200 tons of expansion, 200 
tons of expansion we are going slow because we are prioritizing on finishing the end product 
rather than the grinding capacity. So our focus has been on that. We have completed, most of 
the products. Only one product is pending at one location. So we will complete that first, and 
then, take on the balance 200. 
Darshil Jain: 
All right. So thank you for answering my question. That's all from my side. All the best. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand one thing. So if I look at the 
last couple of quarters, we have been seeing that the finished goods pricing is on the lower trend. 
So I just wanted to understand what is leading to lower finished goods prices? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
As was discussed, alluded to one of the a lot of starch industry was also exporting due to certain 
geopolitical changes, starch industry exports had halted in the previous couple of quarters 
causing a disruption and oversupply in the local markets. So prices of 1 or 2 products corrected 
in India, and that led to a kind of softening in prices across the country. However, that has started 
to change, so that this trend, this stability in pricing is going to see margins going up from here 
on. 
Aditya: 
Understood. Just wanted to understand now is the higher maize price, the major reason for the 
drop in margins or the lower finished goods prices means which of these two are the major factor 
behind the drop in margins for both? 
Dhiraj Sardana: 
Both. It was a combination. Higher maize price made Indian, Indian starch manufacturers 
uncompetitive in the export market and that caused a lot of problems. 
Aditya: 
And sir, just a recent news that I heard was that China has also started allowing exports of their 
maize products. So how would that affect the Indian exports? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 7 of 10 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
I mentioned this to you that, when I said due to geopolitical changes, so China entered the 
ASEAN after having stayed away for 10-15 years. But saying that Indian starch manufacturers 
have restarted to export. As a company, we are not doing it, but our colleagues in industry are, 
and they have restarted exporting because Indian maize is competitive. 
Aditya: 
Understood. I just wanted to understand now out of the total Indian starch production, how much 
of would it be catering to export markets and how much is it for domestic consumption? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
I can't say, I can't, I don't have that figure. I will not be able to give you because a lot of 
manufacturers are not listed and that I don't have data access to unlisted players data. I will not 
be able to tell you that. 
Aditya: 
Understood. Thanks for answering my question. Thank you. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Thanks for having my question again. So I have two things. First is like, I've seen stocks-to-use 
ratio, a global ratio that people track. So it is at around 22% for '25 whereas four years back it 
was around 26%. So, this ratio is lower, which shows that there is a shortage of corn. So if I say 
the stock of corn is around 275 metric tons, whereas the consumption is over 1,200 metric tons. 
This is one thing, and I would just relate it with another. A company with the name of Regaal is 
coming with an IPO. So, just want to understand about your view. Like, is this an indication that 
the good times are ahead for this industry as a whole? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, I, I don't know what your question is. I'm trying to make sense of. You have mentioned that, 
some ratio, your voice broke in between, 22% and 26%. You were alluding to shortage versus 
demand. Can you just expand on that? 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
So basically there's a ratio. So if I see maize ratio, so stocks to use ratio for maize globally is at 
22%, whereas four years back, it was around 26%. This is first term. So right now what is 
happening, if I look at the stock globally, so it is around 275 metric tons, whereas the 
consumption that is the demand is over 1,200 metric tons. So this is… 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So what you are referring to is not 275 metric ton. It's million metric tons, number one. And that 
is only for one season at one point in time. India has seasonal maize. You can Google and check, 
you know, there's Rabi and Kharif crops and Indian manufacturing, Indian industrial maize 
requirement alongside poultry feed requirement drives majority of the growth. And there has 
been adequate maize available. Price of maize has been an issue, in about two quarters ago, price 
of maize has corrected in India. It is still higher in India as compared to global pricing, but it is 
on at a softer level now and there is no shortage of maize. Your second question, you were not 
audible at all. Can you please ask your second question again? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 8 of 10 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Sure. So second question is a company Regaal is coming with an IPO. So, just want to hear your 
view, like how does the company differs because they are also into starch making and maize 
processing. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
If you want to buy their shares, please buy. I have no idea about them. It has nothing to do with 
us. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
No worries. That's it, sir. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vruddhi Vora from SAS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vruddhi Vora: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have a question that could you share your plans regarding 
the product portfolio diversification and are you exploring any opportunities to introduce new 
starch based products or derivatives? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, thank you for a very valid question. Very pertinent. The product mix. I will not give you 
the exact breakup, but I'll give you a good sense of it, where we are heading. We are seeing 
complexity of manufacturing in the FMCG space. We are seeing complexity and a higher quality 
assured supply as FMCG transcends into personal care, as lifestyle and changes in food habits 
for a more healthier lifestyle happen. So we are catering and changing our production capacities 
to align with our customers, making that shift. Now, whether it is highly assured pharmaceutical 
grade products or qualifying existing products and increasing the quality assurance around the 
existing infrastructure, also working with customers in reducing and making say a low moisture 
product or making a product with a certain attribute, but it being the same product, but changing 
the specification to suit our customer's overall product mix. Our customer's overall recipe. So 
we have started partnering our customers in a much more  at a micro level to work with their 
recipes, to create specifications especially for them. So when there is a downturn, there is a 
certain USP for us to always be associated with a customer and have certain assured business. 
So that's where we are planning. That's what we have been doing. And, it'll take us another I 
think 2 to 3 quarters more to add, 1 or 2 attributes to our product portfolio such as this. 
Vruddhi Vora: 
Okay. And additionally, how are you approaching the development of new customer segments 
or entry into untapped domestic or international markets to broaden your revenue base? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes. So our plan for the global market is the same. So if we are working with the MNC in India 
and partnering with them on R&D that affords us, an automatic qualification to supply to them 
at a global level. So that mitigates the cost of any logistics that automatic supply. So then you 
are put in the same, on the same platform as a global manufacturer, in Europe or US, and you 
could be supplying to MNCs based in Africa or in Middle East or somewhere in ASEAN. So we 
have started working with these companies, our existing customers in working with them on 
R&D projects. And we are hopeful that it will enable us, an opportunity to work with them 
globally. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 9 of 10 
Vruddhi Vora: 
Okay. And further, how do you assess the demand environment for maize, starch and its 
derivatives across key end users, industries for the remainder of FY'26? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, I feel that going forward, the demand for the starch industry is, going to remain robust. The 
paper industry packaging sector is growing. You see the results of the paper company, the listed 
ones, the ones who are making quality paper writing and printing grade, and who are waiting for 
the NEP to play out, I think, paper as a sector, food as a sector, FMCG, personal care, all these 
sectors with our uh, India as a consumption story is going to do well. Our MNC companies 
barring this confusion over tariffs, our  FMCG companies are looking to manufacture in India, 
a brand in India for a global market. So it says capacity out of, from their plants will go abroad. 
So that, I'm sure government of India will do what it takes to protect the interests of the Indian 
manufacturing. And I think in the next few weeks, we will have clarity on tariffs. And once that 
is done I think India will be exporting again in a very big way, starch and starch products, while 
our internal demand remains robust. 
Vruddhi Vora: 
Okay. And additionally, what is your outlook on finished goods pricing? Do you expect stability 
or any upward movement? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
For now we are stable, but prices have to go up, as we ends towards closing season and shortage 
of maize in between the new arrival crop coming in, I think prices will go up and government 
has announced a new MSP, which should kick in at the time of Kharif crop. So that will also 
have a place. So if raw material price goes up, finished goods prices should also rise. So we are 
hopeful that, the supply demand matrix would be favorable for a price rise going forward as we 
go into later in the year. 
Vruddhi Vora: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Esha Murthy from M&A Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Esha Murthy: 
Hello, sir. So my question is like, could you share who are your top five customers and like how 
significant are they to your overall business? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
I'm sorry. I can't share that. That's confidential in nature. I will not be able to share that, but we 
are well diversified in terms of customer mix, product mix. We work with various sectors. Like 
I said, um, textile is there, paper is there, FMCG both in the personal care space, food sector, 
pharma sectors, and we are trying to grow in all our sectors on the value added side. 
Esha Murthy: 
Okay. Also like, how does your company manage the raw material pricing pressure while 
dealing with the customers? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
August 13, 2025 
Page 10 of 10 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, we get into, we have to buy maize at what price it is available. We know when to buy and 
we try to keep our costs low. When we talking to customers on finished good pricing, whatever 
we sell as spot, is sold on spot pricing, but larger organized players get into quarterly contracts, 
annual contracts sometimes, but mostly quarterly contracts with us. So, you win some, you lose 
some, but then eventually the prices tend to stable up. 
Esha Murthy: 
Also could you share the type of contracts you have in place right now? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Don't want to talk about that. It's confidential in nature, but we have a fair mix of all types of 
contracts. 
Esha Murthy:
Okay. Thank you.
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
You're welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Aman Setia: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of The Sukhjit I would like to express my gratitude to all of you 
for joining us today and sparing your precious time for us. We look forward to your continuous 
support in future and hope to see you back in the next conference call. If you have any further 
query, you may kindly reach out to our investor relations partner, Orient Capital. Thank you so 
much, ladies and gentlemen. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
