Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email: investors@apollotyres.com 
ATL/ SEC/21 
       August 12, 2025 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
Dear Sirs,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and 
investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q1 FY26 was held 
on August 8, 2025. 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on 
the website of the Company https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Tyres Ltd. 
(Seema Thapar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
.A APOLLO 
~
TYRESLTD 
\IU:DESI E1N 
TYlla■ 
APOLLO TYRES LTD 
7 Institutional Area 
Sector 32 
Guruaram 122001, India 
T:•91124 2383002 
F: •91124 2383021 
apollotyres.com 
GST No.: 06AAACA6990Q1Z2 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA THAPAR 
Date: 2025.08.12 
14:25:57 +05'30'

Apollo Tyres Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
August 8, 2025 
 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Apollo Tyres 
Conference Call. I am Rishi Vora, analyst with the auto sector at Kotak 
Institutional Equities. 
 
At the outset, I would like to thank the Apollo Tyres management for 
giving us an opportunity to host this call. From the management team, 
we have with us Mr. Neeraj Kanwar, Managing Director and Vice 
Chairman of Apollo Tyres; Mr. Gaurav Kumar, Chief Financial Officer 
and the Investor Relations team. 
 
We will start the call with brief opening remarks from the management 
team and then we'll begin the Q&A session. 
 
Over to you, Neeraj sir. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I 
welcome you all to the Apollo Tyres Q1 FY’26 results conference call. 
As always, I would start with a broad overview of the results followed 
by Gaurav. And then we would be happy to take some questions. 
 
We closed quarter one FY’26 with a consolidated topline growth of 
nearly 3.6% Y-o-Y and an EBITDA margin of 13.2%. On the domestic 
India front, we saw growth in the OEM segment coupled with a modest 
growth in the replacement segment. The OEM growth however was led 
by pre-buying on account of the mandatory AC cabin regulation in the 
heavy commercial segment. 
 
Coming to Europe, the demand environment was challenging which led 
to a decline in the industry volumes in key categories. While we 
maintained our topline on Y-o-Y basis, despite the weak demand 
scenario, sequential decline in revenue was registered in Europe on 
account of seasonality. We are keeping a close watch on the market 
and will continue to focus on profitable growth through new product 
launches, premiumization of our product mix and cost optimization. 
 
As highlighted in my previous earnings call, we remain committed to 
free cash flow generation and improvement in return ratios. I am 
pleased to share that we reduced our consolidated net debt by over 
15% in Q1 compared to quarter four of last year, which has further 
strengthened our balance sheet. 
 
Looking ahead, we anticipate a stronger topline growth in both India 
and Europe. In India, this growth is likely to be led by the replacement 

segment. Let me now talk about key pillars of our vision and as always 
highlight some of the work done by teams in the quarter. 
 
Beginning with R&D, I am pleased to announce that we have recently 
received approvals for supplies to a prominent German passenger 
vehicle manufacturer in both India and Europe. This reinforces our 
product strengths, deepens our ties with premium automotive players, 
enhances our OE portfolio and further positions our brands in the 
premium segment. 
 
We are excited on the launch of our ultra-high performance tyre Apollo 
Aspire 5 built for the premium car and SUV category. Our dual brand 
strategy is paying off with our premium brand Vredestein continuing to 
make rapid strides and once again recording highest ever volumes in 
Q1. 
 
Sustainability has always been a key pillar for us. I am delighted to 
share that we have achieved a 35% reduction in Scope 1 and 39% 
reduction in Scope 2 emissions intensity surpassing our FY’26 emission 
reduction targets. 
 
Apollo Tyres obtained its first ISCC certification for its facility in Hungary 
in May 2025. The achievement is a significant milestone for us as it will 
facilitate the monitoring of sustainability throughout the process and 
supply chain from the sourcing of raw materials to the final products. 
We earned a Gold Rating from EcoVadis placing Apollo Tyres in the top 
5% globally in business sustainability ratings. 
 
With this, I'll conclude my opening remarks, but let me once again 
emphasize that as always we are closely monitoring market trends and 
our core structures with a continued focus on driving sustainable and 
profitable growth. We are proactively preparing to navigate both the 
challenges and opportunities ahead, and I firmly believe we are well-
positioned to capitalize on long-term opportunities across our core 
markets. 
 
Thank you once again for your time and I'll hand over to Gaurav now. 
Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Neeraj, and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. 
Continuing from where Neeraj left, let me share some further details of 
our operations for the last quarter. 
 
The consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR 65.6 billion, a 
growth of 3.6% over the same quarter last year. The consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 8.7 billion, a margin as Neeraj 

mentioned of 13.2%, a slight improvement compared to the 13.0% in 
last quarter, but still lower than the 14.4% in the same quarter last year. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet, we have been able to further improve our 
leverage ratio given the focus on cash flows and profitability. Compared 
to the previous quarter end, we reduced our consolidated net debt by 
INR 3.9 billion in the Q1, bringing it to a level of INR 21 billion. The net 
debt to EBITDA for the consolidated operations stood at 0.7x at the end 
of June’25. 
 
In India, the revenue for the quarter was INR 47.3 billion, a growth of 
3% over the same quarter last year. The EBITDA for the quarter stood 
at INR 6.4 billion, a margin of 13.6%, a substantial improvement 
compared to the 11.2% in the last quarter. Our volume growth in this 
quarter on a Y-o-Y basis was flattish, led by a low single-digit growth in 
replacement, a mid-single-digit growth in the OE volumes, which was 
negated by a significant decline in exports. 
 
On the OE side, while there was good growth in the truck OEM volumes, 
we had a decline in the passenger car OEM volumes. The margin 
improvement was a result of a decline in the raw material cost, also 
resulting in improvement in gross margins. 
 
Regarding the demand outlook, we expect the demand momentum to 
improve in the second half of the fiscal and the rebound in infrastructure 
and mining segments post-monsoon. 
 
Moving on to raw material outlook, we expect the raw material cost to 
be slightly lower in Q2 vis-a-vis the current levels, however, with a bit of 
uncertainty given on the exchange rates that is currently prevailing. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet. The large part of the debt reduction was 
in the standalone net debt, INR 3.8 billion, as on June’25 compared to 
previous quarter end. And for India operations, the net debt to EBITDA 
stood at 1x compared to 1.2x as of previous quarter. 
 
For Europe operations, revenue for the quarter was EUR 146 million, 
flattish over the same period last year. The revenues, however, were 
significantly lower than the previous quarter due to a weak market, 
which saw negative growth in all product categories and the seasonality 
factor. We performed better than the market in the critical segment of 
passenger car replacement tyres, but were still in the negative territory. 
 
The EBITDA for the quarter stood at EUR 16 million, with an EBITDA 
margin performance of 10.8% compared to 13.7% for the same quarter 
last year. The margins were impacted due to the impact on revenue, a 
negative market growth across product segments, and this had an 

adverse operating leverage impact. Looking ahead, we expect an 
improvement in the demand momentum, but we will continue our focus 
on cost optimization. 
 
Further to our announcement about the intended decision to close 
production and production-related activities at our Enschede plant in the 
summer of 2026, the matter continues under the Works Council 
consultation process. 
 
In the results, you would have seen that there is an exceptional item 
below EBITDA level, which is related to the estimated cost of this 
restructuring to the tune of INR 3.7 billion, which is based on the signed 
social plan for payout to the employees. This payout would be in FY’27, 
which is the next fiscal year, but the need to take this provision right 
now was dictated by the accounting standards. 
 
We continue to closely watch our capex outflow. There is no change in 
our capex guidance for FY’26. Profitability, free cash flow generation, 
and improvement in return ratios continue to be our focus areas for our 
strategy as we go ahead. 
 
With this, I would conclude my opening comments. Thank you. We 
would be happy to take your questions now. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Thank you, Gaurav. We'll now open the floor for Q&A session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question can please use the Raise Hand option. 
Once you are done asking your question, please lower your hand. We'll 
wait for a couple of seconds for question queue to assemble. 
 
First question is from Siddhartha. Siddhartha, you can unmute your line 
and go ahead. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thanks for that. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
 Hi, Siddhartha. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, my first question is on the India business. So, if you can first share 
for the replacement side, what is the segment-wise breakup between 
PCR, TBR? And going ahead, how should you think about the full year 
growth? I mean, last quarter, we had expected probably a better growth 
in this current quarter. But given the way things are on the demand side, 
how do you think we should expect the overall growth to be for the year? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Siddhartha, yes, we had expected better growth when we began the 
year and in our commentary of May. We believe that on the replacement 
side, we have performed in line with the market. OEM, as I mentioned, 
we've lost some bit on the passenger car side based on the accounts 

that we walked away. And exports, the peers may have outperformed 
us. I would say the topline growth, while we would still be pushing for a 
double-digit, but maybe a high single-digit would be a more realistic 
estimate. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
This is on the volume side, right? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Right now, there is hardly likely to be pricing action, given that the raw 
material cycle is reversed. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. And second question is on the commodity. So again, I mean, on 
a sequential basis, actually commodities haven't actually fallen as much 
compared to the 4% nearly drop Q-o-Q, which we have seen per ton 
basis. So, any other reason why this has been so sudden and whether 
is this sustainable going ahead? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I'm not sure I get your question as to where you're talking about the 4%. 
The raw material did come down on a sequential basis. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah. I was talking about per tons, RM per ton is down around 4% Q-
o-Q. So, we had expected a flattish to a marginal decline probably when 
we started. So, is this fully reflective of the current prices or should we 
expect more improvement going ahead? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
As I mentioned, we expect Q2 raw material unless we get significantly 
surprised on the USD rupee exchange rate, we expect Q2 raw material 
to come a little further down. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood, sir. Sir, lastly, on the Europe side, I mean, the margins 
really have come down despite on a Y-o-Y basis, revenues actually are 
flat. So, any other reason, I mean, operating leverage should not be the 
case if revenues are flat on a Y-o-Y basis, but we still have seen a 
correction in the margins. So, any further thing why it has happened? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
See there have been inflationary pressures and as we've mentioned in 
the last few calls that in the last couple of years, the inflationary 
pressure in Europe has been higher than normal, whether it's the 
energy prices, salary prices, etc. And that's one of the causes which 
has led to our decision on the Netherlands side. So, the cost part has 
kept pushing up, and particularly from a sequential basis, there was a 
big revenue decline. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. So, we have not done any pricing changes in our products. So, 
is that the right assumption? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, there has been no pricing changes. 
 

Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There were certain price cuts taken towards last quarter, which is Q4 in 
line with raw materials coming down. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Understood. Thanks a lot, sir. I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Siddhartha. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thank you, Siddhartha. Amyn, you can unmute your line and go ahead. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Hi. Am I audible? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Amyn. Yes, Amyn. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. So, one question was, you know, on the similar lines that 
Siddhartha asked on the Europe margins. So, would it be fair to say that 
the inflationary pressure that you're seeing in Netherlands is higher than 
Hungary, or is it the same? I'm just trying to understand that, you know, 
as we move on to Hungary as being our sole supply base, in addition 
to the, you know, reduction that we will see in, you know, production 
costs, is there a difference in the inflationary pressure also in these two 
geographies or is it the same? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
It is, it is mostly similar, Amyn. The big pressure, Y-o-Y to again touch 
on the point Siddhartha asked and you've said, on a Y-o-Y basis, the 
raw materials were up 3% in Europe. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So that's sort of eating at the margins with the topline being flattish and 
then the staff cost increments, etc. further hit, if your revenue hasn't 
grown. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Okay. And sorry if I'm repeating this, the revenue flat is flat 
volumes and prices or has like, what is the breakup there, if you can 
just help us. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just let me see if I have the volumes. PCLT volumes are slightly up. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We have a big decline in the spacemaster tyres, which is that special 
category tyres, which is not market linked. It is largely linked to the fact 
that it's manufactured in a high cost plant and hence as contracts are 
ending, the customers are not renewing those contracts. So that's a big 
decline of almost 40%. And agri market continues to be sort of weak. 

And then similarly, the TBR also has had a negative market growth. So 
that's why the overall, since the PCR part, which was still positive, and 
we outperformed the market, the other segments pulled it down. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
And I'm guessing that PCR has a better realization, that's why your 
revenue has ended up still being flat Y-o-Y? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct. And there is further improvement in the mix, which we 
continue to drive, which is the UHP proportion is now in the high 40s. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly, just on the commodity comment that you 
made, now we saw natural rubber ease off a bit, and then I think it has 
stabilized and maybe slightly moved up. But the benefit from crude 
falling, which has happened in the last three months, the crude-related 
derivatives, are you still to see the benefit or this comment for 2Q 
incorporates some benefits that you're seeing in the crude derivatives 
also? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Amyn, some of the benefits is incorporated because the contracts 
are signed ahead of time. So, we expect that benefit to come through 
and hence the only element of risk there is the exchange rate because 
that will hit us on a spot basis. Your comment on natural rubber is 
absolutely right because even on a sequential basis, natural rubber 
actually was up 3%. We saw a reduction in synthetic rubber and nylon 
fabric. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Thank you. And just lastly, slightly more, you know, a question 
on the medium-term. So, you know, when you had put out that FY’26 
plans, obviously you had some ROCE targets as well as margin targets. 
You had actually achieved the ROCE targets, you know, before time, 
in, you know, sometime in FY23-24 itself, but obviously the market has 
changed. So, how should we think about that 15% number in the 
context of where you are right now? And realistically, you know, based 
on whatever assumptions you can make, you know, in the best of your 
knowledge, when can we see that return to 15%? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, if the current market conditions, Amyn, were to continue, which is 
let's say raw material tailing off a little bit more, we should be returning 
to that. Right now, in fact, in the current quarter, it is the Europe 
operations with market challenges, which have pulled down the overall 
returns. So, I would say while we are not there in near-term, but 
medium-term, definitely return to that 15% is possible. And as we get 
back on the table to look at our targets and vision for the next 5-year 
period, starting from next fiscal year, we will see whether the target 
should remain at 15% or higher as we go forward with a very different 
manufacturing mix. 
 

Neeraj Kanwar: 
Plus, I think in Q2, Amyn, you will see a much better performance on 
Europe side. Things are looking better than before, unless there’s a 
geopolitical issue with the US. But things are looking better. And I can 
see Q2 results on revenue side being much better. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Great. That's good to know. I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Amyn. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Next question is from Raghunandhan. Raghunandhan, you can unmute 
your line and go ahead. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L: Thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Raghu. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L: Hi sir. Sir, on Europe side, you know, you have highlighted focus on 
sales mix improvement, cost optimization, and Q2 is also expected to 
be better. How do you see the broad range for EBIT margin for FY’26? 
Can it be flattish on a full-year basis compared to last year? And also, 
your thoughts on the restructuring efforts, how do you see -- what would 
be the timeline when they will reflect in the margins? And if you can give 
some quantification of the benefits we can expect, say in FY’27 or ’28? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Raghu, yeah, as we stated repeatedly, we do not give out margin 
guidance. So, on the first question, I'll have to say that we will not 
comment on that. 
 
On the second one, we expect to finalize the consultation process with 
the Works Council within the current quarter. This is also a period when 
there's 3-weeks of annual maintenance leave when people also go on 
holiday. So, the consultation process will resume towards the end of 
August, and we would hope to complete the same within this quarter. 
 
The intended decision of closure, which will get finalized as part of this 
consultation process, is towards the summer of next year. So, it is still 
a significant period away. The expected benefits, etc. still too early to 
quantify, but yes, they will start flowing in from FY’27. Nothing in FY’26. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L: Got it, Gaurav. Thank you. My second question was on India 
replacement. How has been the TBR-PCR performance, and how do 
you see the outlook ahead? Replacement, you indicated that you've 
broadly performed in-line with the market. How is it between the 
categories? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So, on TBR replacement, Raghu, we grew mid-single digits. 
Passenger car replacement was low-single digits. We might have been 

slightly behind market on the passenger car replacement, but TBR 
slightly ahead. And that's why I said over the two main categories, we 
were in-line with the market growth. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L: Got it. And the share of Vredestein, however, given that you highlighted 
that it is the highest ever volume, so how should we look at it? Within 
PCR, how would be the share of Vredestein? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
It is still quite low. I don't have the exact figures here, but the percentage 
proportion would be, I think, still in single-digits. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L:  Got it. Just the last one. Can you share the commodity prices for the 
quarter? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure, Raghu, just a minute. Natural rubber was around 210, synthetic 
rubber 180, carbon black 120, and steel cord 160. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L: And the blended RM basket? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Blended RM basket would have been around somewhere 166. 
 
Raghunandhan N.L: Got it. Thanks so much, Gaurav. Wishing all the best. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Raghu. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Next question is from Mumuksh. Mumuksh, you can unmute your line 
and go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh : 
Yeah, thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to 
understand, firstly, on the Europe restructuring costs, we have done 
around INR 500 crore of cost over the last two quarters. So, I just want 
to understand, is this now the cost complete or there could be more 
further cost in the coming quarters, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Mumuksh, what we took in March was based on a desktop study of 
asset impairment, which is a non-cash charge. And again, while from a 
business perspective, we would have said that it should be taken all in 
one go once we have clarity, our auditors and accounting standards 
dictated that we make an assessment immediately. The second one, 
which has come in the current quarter of about INR 370 crores, is the 
actual cash payout that will happen if all the employees that are 
currently there are paid as per the signed social plan. 
 
Now, if an employee leaves in between, then that cost will not be 
incurred. We will still have to do a more thorough assessment on the 
asset side of things. We will send in our team to go through the entire 

asset list in detail, including a physical examination. So, there might be 
something more on the asset impairment side. 
 
Mumuksh: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, anything on the land sale, sir? Will there involve 
any land sale which can give a cash in, and can receive some cash 
for the land, sir, other plant? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Too early to say, Mumuksh, because we want to first concentrate on 
the entire consultation process with the Works Council. It is a tough 
emotional decision to take care of the employees and then come to 
the other aspects of this decision. So, too early to say on that. 
 
Mumuksh: 
Got it, sir. So, secondly, I just want to understand, how do you see the 
new competition which is planning to come build in India for TBR and 
PCR segment? And just want to understand, how do you see if any 
impact on the talent for your team or the retention of the network, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We will have more competition. The competition will take time to make 
not just an entry, but establish themselves. Both TBR and PCR are 
technology products, and apart from technology, establishing a vast 
distribution network. But yes, it will add to the competitive intensity 
and it will add to the fight for talent. 
 
Mumuksh: 
Right, right. And also, any challenge on network side, sir, to hold on 
to dealers or there could be -- is there a challenge around network 
also, sir? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, let me answer that. So, I don't think -- I mean, it depends on 
the product and the brand. Today, Apollo has a very good brand 
equity in India, both in TBR and PCR. As you know, we are leaders in 
PCR and TBR. So, we'll continue to come out with new product 
launches, which serve the dealer network. Yes, there is attrition, but 
there is also add-on. Every month we are adding dealers. We are also 
going into the rural market. And so, expansion of distribution is the 
core strategy for Apollo going forward. And especially in the rural 
markets, that's where the growth is going to come. And on your 
keeping the talent, you would have seen in our balance sheet that 
we've also come out with the ESOP scheme recently. So, to the top 
tier of the management, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 1, we've given ESOPs 
across the board. So those are the talent retention tools that we are 
introducing into the company. 
 
Mumuksh: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the answer. And sir, lastly, sir, I just 
want to understand, in terms of the volume growth, sir, when do you 
see our volume growth catching up with the overall industry growth, 
sir? There's been last one year of underperformance. Just want to 

understand, based on your customer order wins, how do you see that 
growth coming back to the normal level, sir? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
So, you know, in India, we have been growing at the market rate. 
Competition has obviously grown in 2-3 wheeler, where Apollo is not 
a significant player. And therefore, when you see the revenue 
numbers, there are double-digit numbers coming off competition, 
which is primarily driven by 2-3 wheeler. But as far as truck and PCR 
is concerned, we are putting in all efforts to try and see that we 
achieve a double-digit growth. And you'll see that in Q2. 
 
Mumuksh: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Next question is from Arvind. Arvind, you can unmute your line and 
go ahead. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Hi. Good evening, sir. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Hi, Arvind. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Hi. Hi. Good evening, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, first 
question would be more on the accounting part. There was a big 
exception around INR 3.7 billion, but versus that when we look at your 
taxation that seems a little different. So, two parts of it, first of all what 
should be the tax rate going forward? And secondly, if one was to see 
the post-tax implication of this exception what would that be? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the tax rate for our Europe operations usually if I remember 
correctly, Arvind, is around high-teens which is a mix of Netherlands 
tax rate and Hungary tax rate and then smaller component in other 
geographies. So that will continue as a normalized thing. We will get 
the tax benefit of this significant exceptional items, including if there 
are carry forward losses. So, to that extent we get the tax shield on 
the cash out. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Got it, sir. Yeah, I was talking from that perspective only. If we look at 
the PBT around INR 4 billion and then INR 3.7 billion of exceptional. 
So, on that taxable profit, the actual tax of INR 255 million seems a 
little on the higher side. So just how should one look at the blended 
consolidated tax rate going ahead? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, if you take out the exceptional item that's what I said about the 
high-teens is the tax rate for the European operations. Difficult to give 

you a simple picture because Hungary is high-single digits. There are 
other geographies because we have subsidiaries in other European 
entities and each of them have their different tax rates based on the 
profits made, whether it's Germany, France etc. The largest one 
which is Netherlands, our tax rate is about 20%. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks so much for this. Just one more of a 
clarification. The blended replacement demand you said was volumes 
were up low-single digit and OEM was up mid-single digit, was that 
because the presentation had low-to-mid for both of them. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. Replacement was low-single digit OEM was mid-single digits.  
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Got it. Thank you so much sir for taking my question. That's all from 
my side. Thanks. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Arvind. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Next question is from Joseph. Joseph you can unmute your line and 
go ahead. 
 
Joseph George: 
Thank you. I had three questions. I'll take one by one. The first one is 
on the European operations. So, when I look at the last 3 years typical 
seasonality that I see is that the average revenues in say 2Q, 3Q, 4Q 
in Euro terms is typically about 20% higher compared to 1Q, a typical 
seasonality that we have seen everywhere. So, when you said that 
this year also the subsequent quarters would be better, are you 
referring to better Y-o-Y trends or are you talking about sequential 
improvement which happens every year? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Q2, Joseph, we are talking about more the seasonality factor. The 
market as of now is still negative. So, the improvement in the topline 
that I'm talking about is more a seasonal factor, but at least it provides 
a better operating leverage coverage, which should then impact the 
margins that Neeraj talked about. The expectations of growth coming 
back to a positive territory is still a little away, we would hope that in 
Q3. 
 
Joseph George: 
Understood. Thanks. The second question that I had was on the 
Indian operations opex line. So last year, you were averaging about 
INR 800 crores per quarter in terms of opex and I recall very clearly 
that you had mentioned we will try and cut that down with lower travel 
costs etc., etc. This quarter we have seen a good result. There is a 
good sequential drop in opex. So, are these efforts to bring down opex 
bearing fruit and hence this kind of run rate sustainable or is there a 
risk of it jumping back to the old INR 800 crores odd? 
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
Currently, we would say Joseph, these levels are sustainable. We did, 
apart from the cut on travel and various other costs, the only one 
which was cut also very sharply was the advertisement and promotion 
spend. At some stage that will have to be released back for the sales 
growth. Other than that, the other costs are very much which should 
continue at the current levels. 
 
Joseph George: 
Understood. And Gaurav, the last question that I had was Vredestein 
– sorry, Reifencom, if you can share the revenue and margins for the 
quarter. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Joseph, just a minute. Reifencom did EUR 53 million in 
revenues, about 5% up year-on-year and an EBITDA margin of about 
4%. 
 
Joseph George: 
Great. Thank you. That's all I had. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Joseph. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Next question is from Basudeb. Basudeb, you can unmute your line 
and go ahead. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Hi, thanks. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Basudeb. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yeah. I have a few questions. What was overall India volume growth 
Y-o-Y or standalone? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Overall, India volume growth was flattish, Basudeb. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Okay. And as you earlier said to Raghu’s question that raw-mat 
basket overall was INR 166 rupees a kg, how much it was down 
sequentially? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sequentially it was down about 2%. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
2%. And third question is in current raw-mat basket overall, how much 
is the import content percentage? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I won't have the exact number Basudeb, but in general about half of 
it is imported. We can get back to you with a more precise number. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And as we discussed last time, now any plans of increasing natural 
rubber import content with domestic prices still remaining high and 
global prices being lower? 
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
That's a constant call being taken by the procurement team based on 
the equation. I will have to check with them and we can get back to 
you, but, is there some very dramatic shift? - unlikely, because there's 
a certain fine balance, a little bit movement in terms of the mix 
between domestic and imports can be done, but it will not be as if a 
50-50 will be changed to 80-20 either way. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Understood. And last question, in today's call you mentioned Hungary 
sustainable tax rate is high-single digit? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct, because the tax rate in Hungary is 9%. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So once operations shift fully to Hungary from Netherlands, so other 
than operational benefits, will it be right to assume European tax rate 
will also come down from high-teens to high single digit or maybe 
10%, 12%? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There may be only a slight impact because our headquarters of 
European operations remain at Netherlands. So, the headquarters, 
which is the Apollo Tyres Europe entities buys products from all the 
plants, be it Hungary, be it the Dutch plant or India plant, for example, 
and then they sell to the customers. So, the central entity will continue 
to be Netherlands. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
 Understood. Yeah. Thanks all the best. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
 Thank you, Basudeb. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Thank you. I request the participants to raise hand if they have any 
questions for the management. We have a follow-up question from 
Arvind. Arvind, you can unmute your line and go ahead. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Hi, thanks so much sir, for taking my question again. Good to hear 
your optimism on the India demand going forward. If you could just 
elucidate what are the key drivers for demand going ahead over the 
remaining part of the year? That would be the first question. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, one, post-monsoon, which is typically a little low vis-a-vis season. 
We see demand pick up in Q3 and then Q4. Also, there is expected 
better demand from the mining segment, etc. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
What about PCR? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Expectation is there, car sales improve post this season, but there's 
nothing like to say that we have some concrete orders to say our 
numbers will go up by a certain quantum. It's based on a judgment 
call on what our teams are feeling from the market. 

 
Arvind Sharma: 
Right. And it's difficult to find out the exact market share, but this 
assumes market share to be stable, right? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
As of now, this assumes market share to be stable. Our estimates, 
our market share in PCR is about 20% and in TBR replacement is 
30%. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Got it. Thanks. And just one more accounting question. The staff cost 
in the standalone business saw a sharp uptick on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. Is this seasonality because last year also first quarter was high 
or is it something which will sustain going forward? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The seasonality factor is only the increment part. So, there is always 
a jump in the Q1 based on the increments given. Where you see a 
slightly larger increase this year is also the reason that last year the 
variable pay, which gets concluded in the last quarter, the payout was 
lower given the financial results. So that sort of depressed that figure 
from the normal levels and you see a bigger jump. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Plus Gaurav, there have been new talent that we've taken at senior 
management level, both in supply chain and manufacturing. And that 
would have also come in staff cost. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
All right, sir. Very clear. Thank you again for taking my questions. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you, Arvind. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Next question is from Amar. Amar, you can unmute your line and go 
ahead. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Yeah, good afternoon, sirs. And thanks for taking my question. I had 
two questions. One was on the restructuring happening in Europe. 
Has that plant ceased operations? So, we will not be getting any 
revenues from that plant or till what period will that be operational and 
what kind of revenues can we expect from there? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Amar, the plant continues to be operational. Right now, in fact, 
the exact shape and how we will go about the restructuring is not even 
finalized because the consultation process is on. And even in the 
intended decision, the intention was to close production there at that 
plant in the summer of 2026. So, at a bare minimum, we are talking 
about continuing the plant operations till June of 2026. 
 

Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for that. My next question is on the 
export side. We have seen our share of exports from India decline 
quite rapidly since the time that we had shifted some of the capacities 
that we have rationalized in Europe to India, and our exports had gone 
up to maybe 17%, 18%, and now it is down to 11%, 12% as a share 
of overall revenues, whereas we see share of exports for our peers 
continues to go up. So, is there something that probably you guys are 
looking at maybe strategically or anything to kind of address that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
 Yeah, it is being looked at. Some of them was a result of let's say the 
whole supply chain disruptions which have been fairly frequent. 
Supplies particularly to far off places like South America were 
impacted. Also, a significant portion of our exports to Europe and US 
were impacted by the market scenario itself from last year resulting in 
the drop of share that you've talked about from about 17% to the 12% 
odd and it is being looked at. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Okay. Any kind of outlook you can provide on that? Any targets 
internally that you have where do you want to see that number? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Even now, while there are steps being taken in short-term given as 
Amyn mentioned earlier in the call, we are getting back onto the table 
for our next 5-year plan and targets would be set as part of that. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
 All right. Thanks, and all the best. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Amar. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Thank you. We have next question from Ajox. Ajox, you can unmute 
your line and go ahead. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Hi, sir. Hi. One data keeping question. The India volume Q-o-Q, how 
much that has grown? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sequentially, the volumes were up 4%. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, second is on the outlook. In your comments, you 
mentioned that CV, there was some pre-buying due to AC cabin. So, 
do you expect a softness in the near-term because of this pre-buying 
demand getting absorbed in the system? 
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
So, we did see some softness coming in June. I'll have to check as to 
how the current quarter is panning out. We've had a good July, but 
we'll have to check that and get back to you. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay, sir. Those were my questions. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Rishi Vora: 
Thank you. That was the last question for the session. I'll hand it over 
to the management for their closing remarks. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Well, we'd like to thank everyone for attending our call and hope we 
are able to do better results next quarter. Till then, see you. Thank 
you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
