 
 
Date: August 21, 2025  
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 544258; Scrip Symbol: WCIL 
ISIN: INE0CJF01024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call held with Investors with reference to 
discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated August 12, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, August 18, 2025 at        
10:30 AM (IST), with regard to the discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The said transcript is also hosted on the Company's website at www.western-carriers.com 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Western Carriers (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Name: Sapna Kochar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Mem. No.: A56298 
Place: Kolkata, West Bengal 
 
 
SAPNA 
KOCHAR
Digitally signed by 
SAPNA KOCHAR 
Date: 2025.08.21 
16:02:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Western Carriers (India) Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KANISHKA SETHIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – WESTERN CARRIERS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NIDHI VIJAYWARGIA -- MUFG INTIME INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Western Carriers (India) Limited Q1 FY26 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nidhi Vijaywargia from MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Nidhi. 
Nidhi Vijaywargia: 
Thank you, Renju. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all to the earnings 
conference call of Western Carriers (India) Limited to discuss the Q1 FY26 business 
performance. Today on the call, we have from the management Mr. Kanishka Sethia, CEO, 
CFO, 
and 
Whole-Time 
Director. 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the 
company's 
website. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, and then we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Kanishka, Sir. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Good morning, everyone. I hope I am completely audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. Please go ahead. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you. So good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Q1 FY26 earnings 
call of Western Carriers (India) Limited. Today I'm joined by my colleagues Ashish, Sapna, and 
Surya. We appreciate your participation as we take you through the key developments during 
the last quarter, the broader economic and industry context, as well as our financial 
performances. 
The first quarter of FY26 began in a global environment that is fast evolving and continues to 
be shaped by geopolitical developments. There are evolving trade dynamics, structural shifts in 
the supply chain. The IMF's April 2025 outlook projects global GDP growth at about 2.8% for 
2025, with world trade volumes expected to expand by 2.7% as well. Global inflation is 
projected to decline to 4.3% in 2025 and further to 3.6% in 2026, creating a more stable 
environment 
for 
investment 
growth 
and 
consumer 
demand. 
 
The quarter-one of the current financial year saw mixed trends with headwinds like the muted 
industrial outputs, SME, and medium and small enterprise caution, and rising competition in 
B2B express and surface transport. However, signs of recovery are fast emerging. I’m extremely 
buoyed by the good monsoons that we are facing currently. The port volumes are also up, the e-
way bill generation is up. Fleet utilization for our company has also improved. 
 
Now looking more from an India lens, we want to talk a little about the tariffs and how they’re 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
affecting us. As I say, the tariffs are piling up on India. There’s a base rate, a penalty, and perhaps 
an additional rate which might come for pharma and semiconductors. Experts agree that tariffs 
will reduce exports, curtail growth, impact jobs, and hurt investor sentiment. But is the situation 
all doom and gloom? Not necessarily. India has some advantages and a few opportunities that 
can be harnessed. An important consequence of tariffs is that it has forced a rethink for India’s 
export 
strategy. 
Another good factor that we need to look at is inflation. The cooling food inflation has taken 
inflation rates below RBI range to an eight-year low. This is a wonderful piece of good news for 
us. Retail inflation is at its lowest pace in the last eight years in July as food prices cooled, 
staying 
below 
the 
central 
bank 
target 
for 
the 
fifth 
month 
in 
a 
row. 
 
While the decline helps the central bank maintain a growth-supportive monetary policy, it also 
points to the potential for lower farm incomes given the steady fall in food prices. The CPI rose 
just 1.5% annually in July, slipping below the lower end of the Reserve Bank of India's 2.4% 
target. Going ahead, economists expect food inflation to stay subdued. Strong monsoon progress, 
ample reservoir levels, and robust tariff slowing points to steady agricultural and price stability, 
though they cautioned that close tracking of the monsoon’s spread and timing remains key. 
 
However, concerns over potential US secondary sanctions on Russian crude could disrupt supply 
chains for major importers like us. Although OPEC has spare capacity, global oil dynamics could 
shift and will need close monitoring. Going ahead, a favorable base effect, particularly on food, 
has kept our inflation in check. According to economists polled by Mint, this decline could be 
bottoming 
out 
now. 
 
Some of the challenges which persist include the prolonged conflict in Europe and the Middle 
East, which affects logistics companies like us, which have a large share of EXIM business. 
There is adjustment in tariff regimes and a move towards near-shoring and diversification of 
manufacturing bases, which are shaping longstanding trade routes. Climate-related disruptions, 
include extreme weather events affecting port operations, are adding to supply chain 
complexities, prompting governments and businesses to focus on building resilient, technology-
based 
logistics 
networks. 
 
From a sectoral point of view, the global logistics industry is undergoing a period of accelerated 
transformation. Supply chains are increasingly being redesigned to be more agile, regionalized, 
and digitally integrated. The global container shipping volumes, which saw volatility in previous 
years, are now expected to grow modestly in 2025, supported by a rebound in manufacturing 
output and easing congestion at key ports. There are a lot of investments happening in 
automation, AI demand forecasting, IoT, etc. So this is what we see from a sectoral standpoint. 
 
Coming to more about -- talking about the momentum, we feel the momentum is the logistics 
sector, especially in our country, has been further strengthened by the operational performance 
of the DFCs, the Dedicated Freight Corridors. During quarter one of FY26, the Western DFC 
recorded 15.9 billion gross ton kilometers(GTKM), registering a growth of approximately 25% 
over Q1 of FY25. The Eastern DFC achieved 34.5 GTKM in the same period, which is almost 
19% higher than the previous year. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Together, the two corridors are now moving close to 400 trains a day, with the eastern section 
alone handling over 200 of these and the western section at around 182. This increase in 
throughput is contributing to faster, more reliable freight movement and improved asset 
utilization for shippers. For companies like us who are large in the multimodal space, this is an 
absolute 
game 
changer. 
 
I would be remiss if I didn’t quickly mention the Sagar Mala project which continues to progress, 
enhancing maritime connectivity and facilitating greater coastal shipping and inland waterways 
cargo flow. Meanwhile, the development of multimodal logistics parks, which is integrating 
warehousing, handling, and transport facilities as strategic hubs, is further helping reduce the 
overall 
logistics 
costs 
and 
turnaround 
times. 
 
Against this background, the first quarter of FY26 saw important developments for our company 
as well. On the July 17, we inaugurated our 31-acre ICD MMCT at Devaliya in the Ahmedabad 
region in the presence of the Honorable Industries Minister of Gujarat. The state-of-the-art 
MMCT is strategically located with direct connectivity to major West Coast ports including 
Mundra and Pipavav. It is equipped to handle all types of cargo and containers, serving both 
domestic 
cargo 
and 
EXIM 
trade 
with 
high 
efficiencies. 
 
Following the launch, we commenced fixed scheduled rail services from our MMCT Devaliya 
to key destinations across the country. To the north, we are using facility at CMLK, which is 
Kathuwas. To the south, we started services to Bangalore. And in the east, we are at Kolkata and 
Guwahati. These scheduled services strengthen our multimodal capabilities, our reach, and 
improve transit times, predictability, and enhanced reliability for customers across various 
industrial and consumption hubs. In addition to the MMCT, which is now running quite 
smoothly, we have also deployed specially engineered heavy-duty containers for the 
transportation 
of 
steel 
coils. 
 
This initiative is part of a three-year work order valued at over INR1,100 crores that we recently 
acquired. The containers have been designed to meet the specific requirements of safety and 
efficiency in handling heavy steel coils as mandated by our principals. This development 
expands our specialized cargo handling capabilities manyfold, and it is expected to be a major 
significant growth contributor going forward in this quarter and the quarters to come. 
 
Another new business development that I want to talk about is that we have commenced EXIM 
rail services from Hindustan Zinc, Chanderia to Mundra, which is a new service. It's going on 
smoothly. We have seen a good increase in DPD, which is direct port deliveries as well as import 
TEUs at various ports across the country. This has seen a lot of demand, hence the major Capex 
we had done last year, and with the intention of further Capex of approximately INR100 crores 
in total in this financial, of which approximately INR9 crores has already been completed in 
quarter 
one, 
and 
more 
of 
it 
is 
planned 
for 
quarter 
two. 
 
The MMCT gives us a lot of focus on growing our businesses from Western India this financial, 
which fits very well with our long-term vision of getting more business from West India. As you 
know, we are getting long-term commitments with large customers pan-India, with two large 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
contracts signed earlier last financial year, one was with Vedanta and the other with Jindal—and 
these are both long-term contracts spread over three years each, giving us great visibility and 
planning opportunity. Both projects are now in full steam and gathering further pace going 
forward. 
So this is talking about the new businesses and the new developments over the last time that we 
talked. Turning now to the TEU performance, both domestic and EXIM, we’ll get into the details 
shortly. First, let me talk about our financial performance for Q1 FY26. The consolidated 
revenue stood at INR416 crores approximately. EBITDA was INR21 crores with a margin of 
just over 5%, supported by operational efficiencies, higher asset utilization, and cost discipline. 
Profit after tax stood at around INR11 crores. These results enable us to continue progressing 
our investments in infrastructure, technology, and capacity expansion in line with our long-term 
priorities. 
 
Looking at the performance of the domestic and EXIM, there has been some pressure on the 
realization. The major reason continues to be the geopolitical turbulence in the world, which 
affects the recovery of EXIM business. Actually, your company has done very well given the 
circumstances that we are actually net positive in our EXIM TEU movement. In Q1 FY26 
compared to Q1 FY25, the numbers that we delivered in Q1 FY26 is 33,286 compared to 
approximately 32,888, which is a percentage and a quarter thereabouts of growth despite the 
continued 
geopolitical 
activities. 
 
This point is quite valid for us that despite the situation in which the last 20 days of quarter one 
was actually quite badly hit by the Iran-Israel crisis, we still managed to keep our EXIM numbers 
positive. And this gives us a lot of hope that we will be able to grow our EXIM business, 
especially amidst several signs of stability in the geopolitical scenario. And we are very positive 
that we’ll be able to grow our EXIM numbers and see further recovery in quarter two and going 
forward. 
Other reasons which affected the net margins include a slight decrease in the lead by around 4% 
and less demand that we saw in North India in quarter one. Of course, now we see strong growth 
in both these areas in quarter two amid signs of stabilizing geopolitical scenario. 
 
Despite such turbulence, your company saw steady EXIM business. Like I said, we saw imports. 
There was a good momentum in aluminum scrap of almost 8%, stainless steel at around 17% of 
growth. Like I said previously, we have commenced the EXIM rail services for Hindustan Zinc 
from Chanderia to Mundra Port, which is a new service we have started. There has been a good 
increase in direct port deliveries, and we’re seeing almost 18% growth here. Domestically, as 
you know, we had a very stellar year last year. We had a 32% growth, and this year is off to a 
reasonable 
start. 
I would say we have consciously avoided low-margin domestic traffic. And we have not picked 
it up consciously because basically our philosophy is to give performance, good performance 
and good service to our customers, and we want to protect our margins. So we are not chasing 
low-margin 
domestic 
business. 
 
At the same time, your company is working quite diligently on increasing return traffic which 
will reduce empty runs which is expected to start happening in the second half of this year. So 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
with the good management of demand, we are quite hopeful that in the next few quarters we’ll 
be able to show a stellar performance in domestic as well, just like last year. 
 
Like I said, we did a 32% growth year on year last year in domestic, and we are trying to see 
how we can improve further. In domestic, after a steady Q1, now there’s very robust growth we 
are observing in Q2 with excellent demand pan-India, particularly from Eastern India. Also, a 
new multimodal cargo terminal at Devaliya in Gujarat will also give a major boost in business 
volumes for us in the coming quarters, we feel. And as we grow our service offerings to various 
industries, we’ll be able to grow, piggybacking on this. This MMCT will serve both EXIM as 
well as domestic cargo, and for domestic cargo, we have already successfully launched east, 
north, 
and 
south, 
like 
I 
discussed. 
 
Various customer verticals include tiles, soda ash, industrial aggregates, food products, MSME, 
and this number keeps on increasing day by day, week by week as we consolidate our operations. 
To start with, obviously, the MMCT is only domestic business currently, and as EXIM customs 
notification takes some time, we are working on that. But eventually it will have both domestic 
and EXIM cargos. We have received very positive initial response from all industries, for which 
we are very obliged. We remain confident that the combination of favorable policy environment, 
sectoral tailwinds, and disciplined execution will allow us to continue delivering consistent 
performance 
in 
the 
quarters 
ahead. 
 
That concludes my remarks on the company’s performance for the quarter. I would like to once 
again thank all our stakeholders for their continued trust and support, with the promise of better 
days ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Shall we open the line for questions? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Please go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Gunit Singh with Countercyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
Hi sir, what is the main reason for the fall in EBITDA margins year-on-year by about 340 basis 
points despite revenues almost remaining flat? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Hi. Like I said, the performance for -- the major reason for the pressure on the realization remains 
the continued geopolitical turbulence in the world, which affects the EXIM business. The 
container freight, for example, I'll give you some examples. Container freight to Gulf ports like 
Jebel Ali kept on climbing sharply through the crisis, from $150 per 40 feet to around the $550 
range. Exporters are seeing compressed margins and disrupted supply chains because of this. 
Ships are increasingly having to reroute through the Cape of Good Hope instead of Suez Canal 
and Red Sea, adding almost 10 to 20 days in transit. So that puts pressure on the margins of our 
customers. It also adversely affects us.  Similarly, there was a decrease in the lead by 4%, and 
less demand in North India in quarter one. These were the reasons that there was pressure on 
realization for this quarter. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. But if you look at the total volumes, I mean, they are probably down by just less than 
2% overall. And even revenues have not significantly fallen. So I mean, what kind of a fall in 
overall consolidated realizations are we looking at? Because I mean, the fall -- that probably 
significant impact is not there on revenues… 
Kanishka Sethia: 
It’s a very fair question. The reason is that we’ve been able to protect our revenue without having 
to take low-margin businesses gives us hope that we’ll be able to improve our margins going 
forward as the situation now starts stabilizing. We internally were looking at our numbers. We 
saw we had excellent numbers coming in in the months of April and May, but June 10th or 11th, 
when the Iran-Israel crisis came into the front foot, again, there was some pressure from the 
shipping-related 
EXIM 
businesses 
that 
we 
had 
to 
rework 
out. 
 
So what happens is, whenever you have a major impact on the shipping lines, your container 
throughput has a bit of a flux. Sometimes they come in, sometimes they don’t. And once you 
have a variation which comes into your containers, the consolidation or the dispatch of the 
EXIM, which is the import containers or the domestic or the export containers, takes a bit of a 
wag 
Say for example, instead of 400 containers coming in on a month in Chennai, if you have 2,000 
containers which come all of a sudden having been stuck for several months, that means you’ve 
lost revenue in the previous months. And all of a sudden, if you get 3,000 containers where your 
throughput is, say, 100 containers, for example, a day, that means you’re looking at a significant 
amount of money in terms of detention, demurrage  etc., which is basically due to the global 
supply 
chain 
disruptions. 
 
Once the disruptions are gone, your numbers start tracking a bit of a rhythm, then you will see 
that the margins will automatically start improving, because a lot of the margin realization 
pressure is coming from things which we actually don’t control. 
Gunit Singh: 
So till when did the hit from these conflicts end? I mean, until when did they go on? Did they 
continue in Q2? And as of now, I mean, looking at the current scenario, do we expect that things 
have 
normalized? 
 
And given that Q1 numbers have been maybe flat or lower than last year, do we still expect 
double-digit growth in FY26? Also, I mean, you spoke about the new line for Hindustan Zinc. 
So what could be the additional revenue from that in FY26 and also from the new orders that we 
have? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Okay, so I’ll try to answer these step by step. If I miss any, please do point it out to me. Like I 
said, we have commenced the EXIM rail services for Hindustan Zinc from their plant in 
Rajasthan, where the plant is at Chanderia to Mundra Port. And this is a new service we have 
started. We just completed the first batch over here to Mundra Port, and we have good clarity 
that this is a business that they’re looking at expanding as we go ahead in the quarters. And 
maybe we’ll have a better idea in the next call because the service has just started a few weeks 
back. 
We are also seeing a good increase in direct port delivery movements also, almost 17%, 18% is 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
what we expect it to be. And there’s very good growth in imports at various ports also that we 
are observing, though I don’t have the exact numbers, but the supply chains are showing that the 
good numbers are coming in. This is the pressure because of the geopolitical turbulence 
 
Currently, as we speak today, signs of a stabilizing geopolitical scenario seem to be there. There 
seems to be a lot of optimism, but given the kind of news cycles that we’ve become used to, it 
would be foolhardy for me to predict when and how quickly the economic geopolitical situation 
will stabilize. 
But given where we are right now, I’m fairly optimistic that we’re near at the end of the tunnel. 
And with the supply chains incoming and outgoing through the shipping stabilizing in India, I 
think our margins should be incrementally improving going forward at this, ceteris paribus. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. And do we expect any volume growth this year? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So we are, like I said, Sir, that what we could control, we control. And we saw very good growth 
internally in the months of April and May. Unfortunately, the Iran and Israel crisis, which took 
part in the last three weeks of the quarter, affected some of the growth numbers. But if things 
remain constant and the signs of stabilization in the geopolitical, we are very optimistic that 
we’ll be able to have very good growth both in EXIM as well as domestic. 
 
We’ve actually had positive growth in EXIM in the last quarter, and we are very hopeful that 
we’ll be able to grow this. And the domestic performance was also not bad. It was off to a 
reasonable start. We had a 32% growth last year. So we are trying to grow the domestic business 
as 
well. 
And one of the big modes for our domestic business growth, Sir, is obviously going to come 
from our multimodal cargo terminal at Devaliya, which is a 32-acre facility. And we are very 
hopeful 
that 
it 
is 
going 
to 
turbocharge 
our 
domestic 
growth. 
 
And we are also, like I pointed out in my introductory note, consciously trying to avoid low-
margin domestic traffic. We want to do business which, a.) adds value to our customers and, b.) 
protects our margins as well. So, we are very conscious in trying to stick to decent-margin 
domestic business. And given our moat in East and West, I think that is something that we are 
reasonably well at building, Sir. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. Got it. So we are currently halfway through quarter two. I would just like to 
understand, did the adverse impact of the Israel-Iran war flow into Q2? And looking at the 
current existing scenario, half the quarter has gone by. So are conditions better currently for 
these, or do we expect them to get better going forward?  
Kanishka Sethia: 
So definitely, Sir, better than at the end of quarter one when we were in the middle of the crisis. 
The numbers have picked up. We are seeing good strong demand both in EXIM as well as in 
domestic. Our domestic service offerings have also improved to several other locations in North 
and 
South. 
EXIM also, we are seeing very good growth for aluminum scrap, stainless steel scrap. We are 
seeing import growth. We are seeing dispatches increasing as well. So there are signs of growth 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
in both domestic and EXIM business currently. And like I said, ceteris paribus, we hope that this 
will help us improve our performance both in terms of top line and bottom line going forward 
for the rest of the year. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes to the line of Preeti Agarwal with SK Associates. Please go ahead. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
So as we see that metals continue to form the bulk of volumes, so beyond steel and scrap, which 
other industries, for example, tiles, food, chemicals, e-commerce, etc., do you see scaling 
meaningfully in your portfolio over the next two or three years? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Preeti, that’s a wonderful question that you asked. I'd like to tell you that your company draws 
currently around 50%-odd ballpark from metals. Metals is a sector which is very aligned to our 
multimodal services, as you can understand. But we are seeing very good growth in our non-
metal businesses. 
Especially, examples include the tiles business, agro-chemical business, industrial aggregates 
business, soda ash business, and so a lot of movement of these is also happening in containers 
through our western points, including our own MMCT as well as our various other points across 
Gujarat. 
And so there’s a definite focus from us to grow the non-metal business, where we are seeing 
quite good capabilities coming in. Included with the movement of the several cargo that I talked 
about is also our focus on growing our MSME business, trying to consolidate and grow our 
MSME business, which has started contributing volumes to us in food products, agri products, 
garments, etc. . So that is an area of major growth that we hope to get going forward as well. 
 
And we are also seeing good favorable growth coming from our mainline businesses including 
FMCG, where we are seeing good growth signs, and we are also focusing on other businesses 
like PSUs as well as pharma. So those are our strategies in growing our non-metal businesses. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. And when do you expect customs notification for EXIM, and what incremental 
volume or revenue could you see these facilities contributing by FY26, '27? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
A fair question, Preeti. So the EXIM notification is a long-drawn process. We've just started 
Phase 1 of our operations at the MMCT, so the container terminal is finding its fleet, getting the 
volumes, etc. . So the EXIM business in terms of notification is slightly a bit out. We’re doing 
the collation of the documentation, etc. 
As you know, Preeti, ma'am, your company is doing custom house agency work at all major 
ports in India. And our senior leadership, including myself and our Chairman, we are also, 
ourselves, Rule 8 license holders, so we understand the customs process quite well. 
 
So it’s a process that will take its time, but in the long term, we should have customs notification 
as well as start building other facilities at our cargo terminals, including state-of-the-art 
warehouses, etc., which help us increase our service offerings. Our idea being that we want to 
be the single-window logistics service provider for all our customers, so we’ll be able to add 
more value-added services at the cargo terminal going forward. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Dashel Jain with RJ Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dashel Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. Starting with the new EXIM rail services from Hindustan Zinc, 
Chanderia siding to Mundra is a notable addition. So what is the potential scale of this service 
in terms of annual TEUs? And additionally, do you see scope to replicate this model with other 
industry clients as well? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Dashel, that's a fair question. So I don’t have great clarity or visibility on how much of this cargo 
they want to do on this route. Like I said, just started this. These are early days, but we are very 
hopeful that this should grow into a substantial business as we look at their western seaport as 
well as export markets. 
The same idea is to replicate this with not only Zinc but with several other customers. For the 
sake of business interests, I can’t go into detail there, but allow me to say that this is an idea that 
we are working on both fronts, domestic to EXIM and EXIM to domestic, for several customers, 
new and old. 
Dashel Jain: 
Understood, sir. And my second question is that you highlighted that initiatives on return cargo 
will start showing benefits in H2. So can you quantify the cost-saving opportunities if empty 
running is reduced by, let’s say, 5% or 10%? Also, North India was weak in Q1, but Eastern 
India demand has been very strong in Q2. Can you elaborate on which industries or maybe 
customer clusters are driving this regional division?  
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes, Dashel, a two-part question. I’ll give you two parts of the answer. First part is the revenue 
generation. Obviously, the more service consolidation that you do, the more revenue you’re 
going to extract from that zone. 
East obviously is dominant because that’s where most of the metals are, but after a weak quarter 
one in North, we are seeing some resurgence of demand starting from North, obviously anchored 
by Hindustan Zinc, Chanderia, like I said. And we’re also seeing growth from other industries. 
 
Second part of the question with regards to empty running, see any time that you avoid empty 
running, be it rail, be it road, be it shipping, anything, that adds to your margins. The amount of 
empty runs, empty hauls that you do is basically extractive of the margins. So now that we’ve 
started work on these two ultra-mega large projects, we’re trying to see how much we can 
consolidate and try to reduce our empty haulage. The amount that we are able to reduce our 
empty haulage is going to add sequentially into our bottom line. So more than the top line, it’s 
going 
to 
add 
straight 
into 
our 
bottom 
line. 
 
So we are very consciously working on trying to optimize our routes and triangulate our cargo 
and customers in such a way that we can start reducing this empty haulage. A lot of the capex 
which has just gone in right now has just been implemented into building up the supply chains. 
So empty haulage reduction is something that we are now looking at as a next step in the second 
part of this financial year.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Dashel Jain: 
Understood, sir. Understood. Thank you for taking my question and all the best for the future 
quarters.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Isha Murti with M&A Capital. Please go ahead. 
Isha Murti: 
Hello sir. I just got disconnected between the calls, so I don't have any idea if this question has 
been answered or not. But can you please clarify, as just mentioned, TEU growth was steady, 
but realization was under pressure especially on the EXIM side. So can you share the yield trends 
for EXIMm and domestic separately? Also, how do you see it evolving in the quarter two and 
quarter three?  
Kanishka Sethia: 
Okay, Isha, we did go through this, but for your sake, I'm going to give you a brief answer here. 
The major reason for the pressure on realization remains the continued geopolitical turbulence, 
which affects the recovery of EXIM business, which is a substantial part of our business. Despite 
that, your company has made very good efforts in actually improving its EXIM numbers. Our 
EXIM numbers are actually net positive despite the geopolitical turbulence that we are in. 
 
Our Q1 numbers to Q1 compare favorably. This Q1 we did 33,286 TEUs compared to 32,888 
for the last Q1. So had it not been for the major escalation which happened in the last 21 days of 
this quarter, that is the Iran-Israel crisis, you would have seen an even steeper growth in our 
EXIM 
numbers. 
 
The domestic numbers, though we had a 32% growth last year, so this year also we are off to 
quite a reasonable start, I would say. We have consciously avoided, like I said, low-margin 
domestic traffic. And the idea is to pick up businesses in which we can add value to the customers 
and at the same time keep our margins intact. We don't want to do low-margin domestic business 
just for the sake of growing our topline. We are very, very conscious on trying to create a 
profitable 
business 
which 
adds 
value 
to 
our 
customers. 
 
So your company is working diligently also on increasing return traffic, which will reduce our 
empty running, which I just explained, which is expected to start showing results in H2 of this 
year. So with good management of demand, we're quite hopeful that in the next few quarters 
we'll be able to show a stellar performance in both domestic and EXIM, both in terms of top line 
as well as bottom line. 
Isha Murti: 
Okay sir, understood. Also, I wanted to know, has the competitive intensity in B2B express and 
surface transport had a measurable impact on pricing discipline? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
It's a fair question, Isha. On the express and surface transport, see, we don't do much of B2B 
express, but there is definitely very high rising competition there. That’s a sector which has been 
totally disrupted over the last few years. Surface transport anyways remains under tremendous 
pressure. 
Though your company does surface transport, that is not an area of major focus for us, so these 
two businesses definitely face rising competition continuously. But our focus has been more on 
growing our businesses with industrials, SMEs, and medium and small enterprises going 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
forward, which not only de-stresses from the larger corporates but also gives us an opportunity 
to 
add 
actual 
value 
to 
the 
end 
customers. 
 
So signs of recovery in our businesses are very strong. I’m also extremely buoyed by the good 
monsoons that we’re currently facing. And the port volumes are up, e-way bill generations are 
up. Fleet utilization for your own company has also sequentially improved by creating very 
strong task force to ensure that we are able to utilize our fleets more. The more fleets that you're 
able to utilize in terms of, A.) running and, B.) optimization will definitely add to your margins. 
So that’s what my take is. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes on the line of Vriddhi Vora with SKS Capital. Please go ahead.  
Vriddhi Vora: 
So yes, as you mentioned that the Israel-Iran crisis in the last three weeks of Q1 has significantly 
impacted the western sea routes. Can you quantify the impact on EXIM volumes or revenue? 
And how are you hedging against similar geopolitical shocks in the future? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Fair question, ma’am. So how the whole thing works out, I just want to give you an idea. The 
mainline shipping route, the mainline shipping business, is the base for any EXIM or import 
business anywhere in the world, actually. So you know that basically decides how the business 
opportunity is going to run. 
So now what happens is, when you have any sort of non-predictability which comes into your 
mainline shipping businesses, it will affect the way your cargo comes into your ports. The 
throughput, 
everything 
is 
dependent 
on 
that. 
 
So if you have erratic vessel schedules, it will lead to congestion at the ports, at the trans-
shipment ports. If you have congestion at the trans-shipment ports, this will lead to a dip in the 
number of containers coming in. And this will basically have a contagion effect. 
So for example, if your cargo is not moving on schedule, then what happens is, if it is stuck at a 
transshipment port, you might have months in which your cargo doesn’t come, and then you 
might have all of a sudden a month in which you have cargo consolidated from two or three 
months. So that kind of affects the business in terms of detention and demurrage. 
 
Going forward, post, like I said, April and May, we were seeing stellar growth compared to last 
year, but then a lot of it got eroded due to this crisis in the last few weeks. Again, from July, 
things have sort of started stabilizing, where we saw very good numbers in July, and we’re 
looking at very good numbers currently in this month for the rest of the quarter as well.  
So this quarter is looking good in terms of top line, and we are consciously working very hard 
on improving the bottom line in the parts of the business that we control which is basically 
optimization of our routes, reduction in empty haulage, turnaround, et cetera. 
 
Bringing efficiency into our operations is what we can control, ma’am, and that is what we are 
very strongly focused on doing in this quarter and going forward. And with some help coming 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
from a stabilizing geopolitical scenario, which we do not at all control, that should actually help 
us buffer up our bottom line numbers even further. 
Vriddhi Vora: 
Okay, this was quite helpful. Thank you so much and all the best for the coming quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Nidhi for closing 
comments. 
Nidhi Vijaywargia: 
Thank you. I would like to thank the management for taking time out for this conference call 
today, and also to all the participants. If you have any queries, please feel free to contact us. We 
are MUFG Intime Investor Relations Advisors to Western Carriers (India) Limited. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Western Carriers (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
