 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
Regd. Office: 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road-5C, Zone-5, GIFT CITY,  
Gandhinagar – 382 050 CIN: L64203GJ2010PLC061366 
Tel: +91 79 67772204 | Fax: +91 79 67772205 | Email: ir@ia.ooo | Website: www.ia.ooo 
August 13, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Company Code No.: 539807 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Company Symbol: INFIBEAM 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
In compliance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investor/ Analyst conference call on financial performance 
of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 conducted on Friday, August 08, 2025, after the 
meeting of Board of Directors, for your information and records.  
 
This transcript is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.ia.ooo.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
Shyamal Trivedi 
Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
SHYAMAL 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHYAMAL TRIVEDI 
Date: 2025.08.13 
12:35:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Infibeam Avenues Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
 
    
 
   
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR– INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHWAS PATEL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL BHAGAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
 
MR. B. RAVI –INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT – INFIBEAM 
AVENUES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Infibeam Avenues Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you, Hamshad. Good evening, everyone and welcome to Infibeam Avenues Limited 
earnings call to discuss the Q1 FY '26 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. Vishal 
Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Vishwas Patel, Joint Managing Director and Mr. 
Sunil Bhagat, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call today is Mr. B. Ravi, who is 
advising Infibeam on corporate and financial strategy as an independent consultant. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. I 
now request Mr. Vishal Mehta to take us through the company's business outlook and financial 
highlights, subsequent to which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you, Rajat. A very, very good evening to everyone. It's truly a privilege to be here with 
all of you today, our partners, our investors and those who have placed their trust in the Infibeam 
journey from the beginning. At Infibeam, we've built our success on 2 core principles: deep 
technology and strategic foresight.  
Today, I want to talk to you about what we believe is the next defining chapter in that journey, 
a theme that's not just shaping our road map, but the very way and value whereby which is being 
created in this digital age. The theme that I'd like to talk to you about today is platform 
convergence. We believe that the age of platform silos is over.  
Now over the past few years, we have built a scaled category-leading products. For example, 
with CCAvenue, we've become a trusted name in digital payments. With our e-commerce 
platform, we've supported giants like Jio, Saudi Telecom, government and others, powering the 
robust infrastructure at scale. Now with Phronetic.AI, we have stepped boldly in the AI frontier. 
 
We see that the market is also evolving and so are the customer expectations. Today's businesses, 
whether they are start-ups, SMEs or large enterprises, they don't want fragmented tools anymore. 
What they want is a complete solution. They do not want to juggle with disconnected systems. 
They're asking a simple and a powerful question. Can I do more from one platform without the 
friction and without the overheads?  
Our answer to that is, yes. The way forward is through convergence. Now let me be clear on 
why convergence wins. This isn't just about bundling products or stitching different platforms 
together with features. Convergence to us is actually a mindset shift. It's about reimagining how 
value is created when platforms are strategically aligned. Let's look at the flow for an example. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
We believe that payments fuels commerce. Commerce feeds into CRM and operations, and 
operations will drive productivity and AI that we are investing in will empower every step of the 
chain. When these elements exist in silos, you get friction, but when they converge, we believe 
you'll get flow. The result will be a better user experience, higher retention, richer data 
intelligence, lower cost to serve and a massive opportunity to cross-sell and upsell.  
This isn't about diluting the focus. It's about amplifying the impact. Earlier today, Infibeam 
Avenues Board has approved a strategic transfer of the e-commerce platform infrastructure 
business to Rediff.com for INR800 crores. I would like to address why the platform moved to 
Rediff and why now. It's a pivotal decision in our strategy.  
We believe that our e-commerce platform business, while extremely strong on its own, can 
deliver even greater value when paired with Rediff's enterprise ecosystem. Here's why the 
combination makes powerful sense. 
 
First, the framework fit. Rediff's enterprise platforms, Rediffmail, RediffPay for consumers and 
the growing Rediff Fund suite are purpose-built for productivity, CRM and ERP. By adding e-
commerce to this framework, we complete the entire circle. Second, the go-to-market strategy, 
Rediff has already got long-standing relationships with thousands of businesses across e-mail 
communications and media.  
This gives us an immediate access to trusted distribution channels perfect for bundling, upselling 
and scaling quickly. Third, the power of the brand. Rediff's legacy and credibility, especially 
both in Indian as well as global markets, bring increased visibility and resonance to our platform.  
Finally, strategic oversight. Even as we transition the platform under the Rediff umbrella, 
Infibeam retains more than 80% equity control of Rediff. That means we remain closely aligned 
not just operationally, but in the vision and execution as well. What this means for investors is 
what I'd like to cover. 
 
To me, it means financial clarity. It means business focus. We now operate through 2 powerful 
independent scalable verticals. One is Infibeam, where we are focused and where we are 
focusing all our firepower on CCAvenue payments and AI infrastructure. The second one is 
Rediff, where we are now unlocking the full potential of e-commerce enterprise SaaS, which is 
software as a solution and productivity platforms.  
This structure reflects maturity and the confidence to align capital, leadership and strategy to the 
right verticals at the right time. It also mirrors what we are seeing globally, where platform 
companies are winning through vertical integrations, ecosystem thinking and unified customer 
experience. 
 
With platform convergence, we are now positioned to build end-to-end ecosystems that means 
full spectrum business needs, develop deep partnerships that go beyond transactional integration, 
scale across industries, geographies and digital use cases and most importantly, become 
indispensable infrastructure in the digital economy. This is not just about optimizing what we 
have. It's about designing the infrastructure for tomorrow. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Let me leave you with this thought before I transfer the call to Vishwas. We are not creating 
platform silos. We are creating multipliers of value. We are not shifting assets. We are realigning 
them to strategic acceleration. As India's digital economy gains momentum, Infibeam isn't just 
participating.  
We are building the roads, the rails and the engines for AI that will carry it forward. We remain 
deeply committed to transparency, execution and long-term value creation. Now with that, I will 
pass on the discussion to Vishwas on business updates. Vishwas, over to you. 
Vishwas Patel: 
Thank you, Vishal. Good evening, everybody, on the call. Before I begin, I want to express our 
deepest gratitude to all our investors for the successful rights issue. Your continued belief 
reinforces our conviction and gives us the momentum to accelerate growth and innovation with 
confidence. 
 
As Vishal mentioned, Rediff is now entering into a transformative growth phase built around 
three focus verticals. The first one being Rediff platforms. This includes RediffOne, an 
enterprise e-commerce suite designed for large and midsized businesses to manage their full 
digital life cycle from storefronts and hosting to analytics and CRM. Rediff platforms will offer 
a full SaaS-powered business ecosystem.  
This is made by us Indians, in India, hosted in India and complied with all our local Indian laws. 
The second is the Rediff-TV, our newest and the most exciting venture. Rediff-TV is India's first 
fully AI-driven content platform, enabling creation, curation and monetization at scale. With a 
robust ad tech engine built in, it's not just about streaming, it's about building a high-growth 
media and advertising vertical powered by machine learning. 
 
The third one is RediffPay, our future-ready platform designed to scale with the next wave of 
innovation, be it UPI, stablecoins, CBDC or tokenized commerce. It complements our enterprise 
offerings and enhances the user experience across verticals. These 3 pillars form a scalable 
integrated ecosystem. With convergence closing soon, Rediff is expected to cross INR300 crores 
in run rate revenues and we are confident it will exceed INR1,000 crores in annualized revenue 
within the next 12 months of closing. 
 
Meanwhile, Infibeam Avenues will continue to sharpen its focus on the 2 powerful engines: 
CCAvenue Payments, one of the India's most trusted payment gateways, offering deep 
integrations, regulatory credibility and a strong merchant partnership across sectors. 
Phronetic.AI, our AI arm focusing on building advanced reasoning models, VLLMs and Agentic 
AI platforms to drive intelligent automation across payments and beyond. 
 
From personalized transactions to adaptive fraud detection, Phronetic is not just enhancing 
performance, it's redefining how AI transforms financial infrastructure. Together, CCAvenue 
and Phronetic.AI represents the fusion of scale and intelligence, the future of smart, secure and 
context-aware Fintech.  
With these verticals, we are confident of building a long-term sustainable value for businesses, 
users and our investors. Now over to Sunil, our CFO, for the financials. Sunil, sir? 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Sunil Bhagat: 
Thank you, Vishwas sir. It's a pleasure to speak with you today and to share our quarter 1 FY 
'26 performance, which reflects continued execution of our strategic road map, robust demand 
and operational discipline. Let me begin with the consolidated performance. I'm pleased to state 
that we have been continuously delivering tremendous growth quarter-on-quarter and year-on-
year. This quarter 2 is no exception.  
Our gross revenue jumped by 72% year-on-year, reaching to INR1,280 crores as compared to 
INR745 crores in quarter 1 FY '25. On a sequential basis, this makes a nearly 10% growth, 
demonstrating consistent momentum across our business unit. Our net revenue grew by 31% 
year-over-year and 13% quarter-over-quarter coming in at INR152 crores during the quarter, 
reflecting strong consumer engagement and deeper market penetration. 
 
Our net take rate yet again stands beyond the 10 bps and is at -- stood at 10.4 bps as against 10.6 
bps quarter-over-quarter, which reflects the healthy margins, and we expect a double-digit 
growth in the current fiscal in view of the geographical expansion. Our adjusted EBITDA 
increased by 3% year-over-year to INR71 crores and adjusted PAT came in at INR85 crores, 
which is up by 70% from the same quarter last year.  
This is a direct result of our commitment to efficiency and sustainable profitability. Our EBITDA 
margin stands at an impressive 47% and PAT margin further improved to 56%, which is up from 
43%, which both indicating strong margin expansion and support superior operating leverage. 
 
Now moving to our stand-alone performance. Our gross revenue saw a big jump of 76% year-
over-year to INR1,198 crores, while the net revenue rose to 13% year-over-year to INR102 
crores. While net revenue saw a 4% sequential dip, we remain confident that this is temporary 
and already see early signs of recovery. Our adjusted PAT surged at 81% year-over-year to 
INR59 crores, showcasing the inherent strength of our core operations. 
 
Our adjusted EBITDA on a stand-alone basis was stable at INR37 crores year-over-year. As 
expected, there was a sequential decline of 45%, which reflects timing of certain expenses and 
one-offs, not reflective of our core trend line. The stand-alone EBITDA margin stands at 36% 
and strong PAT margin at 58%, which reflects prudent cost control and sharp execution. 
 
Looking ahead, these numbers affirm our platform-led strategy, our ability to scale efficiency 
and our focus on value creation. Our dual approach that is scaling gross revenues while 
improving operational leverage has delivered strong bottom line growth. As we move forward, 
we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through innovation, disciplined growth 
and strategic investment in our future. 
 
For the full year FY '26, we provide the following guidance. We are projecting revenue of 
INR5,250 crores in the lower side and INR5,500 crores on the higher side. In case of net revenue, 
we are expecting in the range of INR540 crores to INR600 crores. EBITDA in the range of 
INR325 crores to INR350 crores, and PAT, we are expecting at INR220 crores to INR240 crores 
in FY '26. I thank you once again for your continued support and trust and partnership. 
 
I will now hand over the call to the moderator for question-and-answers. Thank you. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just a few questions. Firstly, on the transaction, if I understood the contours of the transaction, 
basically, we have valued the business that we are -- the platform business that we are passing 
on at INR800 crores, out of which half of the consideration is coming against 28% additional 
stake in the Rediff business.  
When we bought the initial 54% stake, the value of that business was significantly lower, while 
this 28% stake is valued at INR400 crores. Can you please explain the reason for a meaningful 
jump in the valuation of the Rediff stake or is there some misunderstanding here? 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, Rahul, you're absolutely right. Basically, the first investment of Rediff that we made was in 
the second to the third quarter of last year. We completed the transaction end of September. This 
September, we finished almost 1 year. Within that time frame, there are 2 or 3 large opportunities 
that Rediff was able to work upon. 
 
First one being the most recent, as you recollect or you may have seen in the news, Rediff has 
become quite a bit of default choice for very, very large enterprises. There have been news that 
some of the largest companies in the country have started moving into Rediff, given the 
macroeconomics and certain sanctions that have started coming in.  
This is somewhat a global news, but even prior to that, we had seen quite a bit of traction for 
companies who were earlier using enterprise e-mail platforms of MNCs moving into Rediff 
given that the platform has data localization. It's Indian-owned, Indian controlled, and it has been 
around for more than a couple of decades. In some ways, we saw very good traction from a 
platform perspective in Rediff.  
The security standards are extremely relevant nowadays. We see a lot of movement for medium 
and large enterprises. You'll appreciate that a lot of BFSI clients, names like, HDFC Life and 
many others, they're all on enterprise Rediff platform. We saw quite a bit of traction there in 
terms of growth of the core business of the platform for Rediff.  
Mind you, there are more than 20,000 different companies still utilizing Rediff on Rediff E-mail 
Pro and others. I think that business has grown quite a bit. The one that I'm talking about 
specifically in the news is regarding the companies working in the energy segment. You could 
perhaps take a look at that as well. 
 
The second thing is that Rediff has built out a complete RediffPay framework. This is a UPI-
driven framework. We've received the in- principle approval from NPCI. The app will be -- in 
fact, you would have noticed that Rediffmail app has been upgraded to becoming a super app, 
which includes pay, and very shortly, pending confirmations and approvals from the regulator, 
we'd be launching it very shortly.  
We think that is a pretty massive potential in terms of the opportunity space. The third area that 
we've built out in the last -- I don't know, whether you've been using free Rediff e-mail. That 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
has also been upgraded massively on a single stack. The third one, which is the media asset on 
-- and we have launched a complete media framework on television.  
You would imagine that eventually, there will be something on Rediff News and Rediff Money 
and many others that potentially have an opportunity to grow. It's actually fully AI-driven, no 
humans, and it's the first of its kind in the country. We think the potential of this asset is pretty 
significant. It's great.  
It's got a fabulous brand name. We had a fair valuation of this asset done, but yes, you're right, 
it goes in the INR300 crores to INR400 crores range, which is maybe a factor more than what 
we had invested in earlier. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Just to understand what you just said, so is the current revenue run rate also meaningfully 
changed from the run rate that we started off or it's just an early sign, which could culminate into 
a much larger thing? Secondly, the INR400 crores infusion that this entity might do to us, what 
is the source of these funds? Whether it is sitting in as part of the cash balance of this entity, not 
able to figure that part as well? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. No, Rahul, great question. The entity has significant cash balance. I think it's good, but that 
is not the source of the INR400 crores that potentially comes back to us. The entity has an 
opportunity to raise capital. There have been some inbound interest from time-to-time. The 
entity is evaluating multiple options of fundraise, but we will be able to share as and when we 
hear from them shortly, and we'll update the group.  
I think the transaction closes within the next 3 months to 9 months. Our expectation is that capital 
will come into our balance sheet within the next 3 months to 9 months. That's one. Your first 
question around what is the momentum in Rediff. We've seen significant contracts that have 
come in to an extent where there are multibillion-dollar contracts that Rediff has signed up on.  
We expect that, that will generate quite a bit of run rate in the coming quarter itself. We're talking 
about Q3 of this year. That visibility is there. Again, I have to remind you that it's on a very 
small base. It is not a base where one can imagine, see, it's today also one of the top 1,000 traffic 
site in the world as per similar web and others. As of today, also, it's in the top 100 traffic site in 
the country.  
We still have more than 100 million registered e-mail users. I think from a scale perspective, it's 
fairly large and scaled up. I think from a monetization perspective, that's where we find the 
largest opportunity at the moment. To your point, I think on a smaller base, yes, they've seen 
significant improvements.  
Again, it has a long way to go. When Vishwas said that we'll be at a run rate of INR300 crores, 
in the next 12 months, we expect the run rate to be INR1,000 crores in Rediff, given the 
integrations. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sorry, I missed this last part. What you are saying is that including the platform business, we 
should be reaching INR1,000 crores kind of a run rate in Rediff in 3 months from now? 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, in the next 12 months. As of today, we'll be at a run rate of upwards of INR300 crores once 
we integrate the platforms. Within the next 12 months, we expect a run rate of INR1,000 crores. 
Rahul Jain: 
This percentage stake that we have highlighted in the press release, this is not considering the 
new dilution that may happen because the fund inflow will only happen once the dilution 
happens? 
Vishal Mehta: 
That's true. That is correct. That does not include the dilution that may happen post Rediff raising 
additional capital. This ownership reflects the moving of the platform as a slump sale into Rediff. 
Rahul Jain: 
Eventually, post the fundraise, when we actually receive the money, the post-diluted equity 
should be more than 50% for sure, right? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, we expect it will be much, much more than that. 
Rahul Jain: 
Still will be more than 50%. The reason of asking more than 50% is basically… 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. It will be significantly more than 50%, we expect. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just last one question. From the revenue growth point of view, we have seen a significant growth 
in the quarter. What we are seeing is a seasonality trend slightly getting disturbed for us in terms 
of the way we are booking revenue. Is there something that we need to now reassess that how 
ideally the fourth quarter revenue should trend every -- on a sequential basis or is there any other 
pattern that should be more relevant for our business? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Rahul, on a consolidated basis, all revenue consolidates because the ownership platform moves 
from Infibeam to Rediff, so I don't think you would see any impact to revenue or as a matter of 
fact, even net revenue on a consolidated basis. You will have a small amount of minority interest. 
Other than that, you won't see much of a difference from a projection perspective.  
Our guidance for the year is also based on consideration of that. Sorry, I didn't understand your 
question. You wanted to say something there. 
Rahul Jain: 
What I meant to say is that our growth sequentially in this quarter was quite significant, double-
digit growth. If I look at the past pattern of our business growth, this used to be relatively a 
smaller quarter and we should trend more towards Q3, Q4. Is there a different seasonality of the 
business now? I understand the consolidation part, everything will be part of? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. That's a great question. I think there's a range that has been provided, but you're right, 
typically, Q1 is a slow quarter. We have seen some good amount of acceleration in this quarter. 
We have seen a good amount of traction from the businesses that we signed up last year.  
The mix of business is also improving for us. We are conscious of that. We believe that we'll 
still expect to see some seasonality in Q3. We are carefully watching in terms of how the 
business will move. I think the guidance that we have provided is a fair estimate of where we 
think the business may end up by the end of the year. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Dr Choksey Finserv Private Limited.  
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on the upcoming data center expansion. I believe we are expanding and 
adding more 8 megawatts of data centers. We already have two. I just wanted to know amount 
we are allocating to data centers out of the right issues amount? When will this 8 megawatt extra 
capacity will be commissioned? Based on the current pricing and utilization assumptions made 
by our internal team, what is the estimated peak revenue that we can expect from this side of the 
business? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. You're right, we have obviously scaling out our artificial intelligence frameworks, which 
may require edge compute, and edge is meaning that we need to be closest to the consumer from 
that perspective. We've always followed the client. In other words, when we have a client and 
it's much easier to put up an edge compared to putting up an edge and then trying to find a client.  
I think the strategy that we are applying is that we follow where the client is. We believe that 
there's a lot of opportunities. I remind you that there's a lot of incentive by the government as 
well to promote the data center and data center frameworks in this country. Fortunately, for us, 
in many states, we have good power connectivity. Instead of actually selling up gigawatt, we are 
actually going after a megawatt.  
To answer your question, what portion are we using for rights? We will use some portion for the 
IT infrastructure within the AI setup. For the non-IT, we don't have any allocation from the rights 
issue perspective because non-IT we'll do it from accruals. We have enough accruals in the 
company will -- because I'm sure you'll realize data center has IT components and non-IT 
components.  
For the non-IT components, we'll continue from our accruals. The IT components, there will be 
a few specific areas where we will invest from an IT infrastructure perspective. Like I said, our 
strategy, and we'll talk about it more in the coming weeks, but you'll see that we'll be following 
a lot of our customers, and we'll be working on that front. 
 
In terms of the revenues from this, I think it should start coming up starting next quarter, which 
is slightly meaningful. That's what we meant. We'll not segment it out, but we will definitely -- 
you'll be able to see quite a bit of that by the end of the year. 
Mohit Jain: 
Just to follow up on that, if it's starting next quarter, so where are we expecting to commissioning 
the entire 8 megawatts, by the end of next year? Is it safe to assume? 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, it may take us 18 months to 24 months. We'll not commission all of that. We will follow the 
client. When we have a client, we get much better ROIs. We'll be using it for our own captive 
purpose because wherever in video large language models and others, see, there are 2 trends 
which are happening.  
One is that you can actually come up with smaller-and-smaller models once you have data that 
comes in. You may deploy a larger model, but then eventually, in order to optimize these models, 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
you may come up with smaller models. There is one dimension where it becomes less-and-less 
expensive, inference is almost becoming free and unlimited.  
I think from that, we're reasoning models and training them and trying to build it out and then 
deploy it on the clients. We are evaluating and this whole structure is moving very quickly. 
Rather than doing a postmortem, we are very clear that our strategy is that let's build for the 
clients, utilize the capacity, go to the next client to utilize the capacity, and we'll keep on building 
out.  
If we get all the clients within 12 months, we'll do it, but we are going to be very cautious in 
terms of how we deploy that capital. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Maanya Finance. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Just a few questions. Firstly, the Phronetic AI is positioned as a strategic growth engine. Could 
you share the monetization model and expected revenue mix from the AI-driven products like, 
fraud detection and intelligent routing by FY '28? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. Phronetic AI, it's going to focus on 3 things: the video LLM models, which we call in some 
ways, more than analytics, but actually understanding of videos. Second is the reasoning models 
that understands what's happening within the within the videos. Third is a complete suite of 
orchestration. It's like a full stack AI solution, which I call Agentic developer platform. Rather 
than humans working on it, agents can do quite a bit of work on that. 
 
Rather than getting into too much specifics, we think that these are the 3 areas that are super 
connected. I think rather than just creating a layer on top of GPT and providing it to clients, the 
way we think about Phronetic is that you need to be a full stack AI provider and from a large 
language model perspective, you can have multiple. 
Today, you may want to use GPT and tomorrow, you may want to use Claude, but having said 
that, those are the tool sets that we will utilize. Having said that, rest of it is a full stack. When 
you provide that full stack to clients, you have full control over that ecosystem. Even the client 
will have quite a bit of control over the ecosystem. The reasoning models, we think that they'll 
be vertical specific.  
In other words, you can think of it as a reasoning model for medical is different than a reasoning 
model for fuel station is a very different reasoning model. I think that, that's where we think that 
there's orchestration layer that has to play a role and may completely, in some ways, stateless 
for someone who's utilizing it.  
As more-and- more data comes in, like I mentioned earlier, you would need to have smaller-
and-smaller models that potentially give the same amount of efficiency, which is -- I mean, in 
some ways, the size of the GPU may actually keep on -- you may not need so much, and that 
becomes a very important component for the edge compute. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
I think from our perspective, the relationship of being able to provide -- and like I said, video 
has a huge number of applications. In some ways, to us, we feel that it's somewhat untapped in 
this country and in many other countries as well. It can be used for hospitals. We already use it 
for gas stations and others, but it doesn't stop there because once you have that inference, then 
you need an agent to do quite a bit of work that humans would typically end up doing. 
 
When we started out, we started out in one area and then we started realizing that this requires a 
full stack. Very recently, we have just launched the beta version of our Agentic developer 
platform. In other words, anyone, including yourself, can actually go on to the developer 
platform and create your own agent, and it will fully deploy it.  
You don't even need to have deploying an infrastructure and so on and so forth. In that way, it 
will end up doing and will practically do most of the stuff for you. We think it's pretty exciting, 
and we haven't seen that happen in anywhere in this country yet. I think we are slightly ahead of 
the curve. We want to continue being there.  
How it translates into our revenue is that so far, we believe that there is a licensing component, 
licensing on each machine. In other words, if you have an H100 and if you want to deploy it on 
that machine, then we'll have a licensing component to what we provide. Then the second 
component is based on number of tokens calls, complexity, so on and so forth.  
We do have revenues coming in. Like I said, they're not meaningful, but they're upwards of $1 
million a year. I think in the AI world, getting to that first $1 million is also in our case, we feel 
that it's an achievement. Like I said, it's not meaningful to be able to go and discuss and talk 
about it.  
We think that we can do a lot better. We can do much more than this, but it will have a component 
of -- based on usage and based on licensing. It will be a combination of both, not one or the 
other. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
We are doing revenues of $1 million only on agent monetization? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Not agent. It's actually VLLM reasoning model and agent combination. We've got field agents 
and desk agents. We can get into specifics, but the whole idea is that desk agents are there, field 
agents aren't there yet. You'll have a few providers, international providers that provide desk 
agents.  
I think from our perspective, if you do a combination of reasoning and field agents, it is a very 
strong combination with a full stack AI layer. We can see applications in hospitals, gas stations, 
defense, many others. We believe that we'll talk more about it in coming months, but we are, 
again, cautiously optimistic about it because we see that there's a lot of potential.  
I think a lot of people are trying to even get to a point where they will understand what's going 
on. I do believe we are ahead of the curve, but that is -- that is not a consolidation. It just means 
that we have to work harder to actually be way ahead. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
I think from agent developer platform, I don't see that anyone else has built that out yet. You 
don't need to be a software developer to become -- to build your own agent, let's put it this way. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
About the international TPV run rate has crossed about AED 12 billion. How much did the 
international contribute to the net revenue this quarter? What was the Y-on-Y growth rate in that 
segment? Also, you've set a target of 12% to 15% international contribution to payments net 
revenues by FY '28. Which markets beyond the GCC will be the biggest drivers? What's your 
strategy to localize offerings in those markets? 
Vishal Mehta: 
See, I'll tell you what our numbers and then Vishwas will tell you a little bit about our 
international payments business. International contributes less than 10% of our overall single-
digit percentage yet, so we are not there, but we see a massive potential. Today, our major 
presence, if you come to think of it, will be in UAE. That is the largest geography.  
We started Saudi as well. We've got more than 10 to 12 clients now in Saudi operational and 
running. If you look at VSS and others, they've all started with us in Saudi. Yes, there is a target. 
Vishwas, do you want to take this about international? 
Vishwas Patel: 
Yes, Vishal. As Vishal said, I think Middle East is our core target area right now. UAE, we have 
grown fantastically year-on-year growth and everything that is there, but the main business of 
international transactions is coming through UAE right now. Some of the biggest clients in the 
region there in UAE are our merchants.  
Similarly, we have now grown into Saudi. Saudi required a lot of data localization and other 
things. We are investing, putting up the entire infra there, primarily within the Kingdom there. 
This we think we act as a moat right, going forward. That also -- and the growth in that market 
will far exceed what we see in UAE market.  
Saudi is a prime target. We are all primed up to take it to the next level. We have everything in 
place there. We have invested a lot in data localization and other things. Oman is another country 
we are very excited about. Four of the biggest banks there are already using our platform. Some 
of the biggest merchants also were on-boarded last quarter.  
Oman is growing very well. We might look at the PSP model for the other small countries within 
GCC, be it Qatar or Kuwait, Bahrain. Apart from that, post this is there, of course, U.S. and 
Australia are also on the horizon. We want to first finish off our domination in the Middle East 
market before we move there. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
This quarter, we saw a significant rise, a very good growth, in fact, in our revenues, but the 
profit, the net profit has been almost -- I would say, it's lower than last year and flat quarter-on-
quarter also. Where do you see the -- why is the margins -- what's taking the hit on margins? 
Vishal Mehta: 
See, actually, if you look at our profits, it's actually grown as well. It's at INR85 crores adjusted 
profit. If you read in our media release, there's a component of mark-to-market gain loss, which 
is where I think it shows artificially depressed. If you remove that impact, it comes out to be 
INR85.5 crores, which is 70%.  

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
In other words, yes, the mark-to-market is no impact to our cash flow, but it's the mark-to-market 
impact, which is artificially depressing the PAT number reported this. It's all notional. That is 
the impact for this quarter. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
The reason I'm asking is also because of the guidance, your guidance also you mentioned about 
INR220 crores to INR240 crores, which it's showing that it is going to be a growth of 5% to 
15%, but whereas last year itself, we have done around INR236 crores. Just wanted to have that 
number. 
Vishal Mehta: 
I think we are being appropriately conservative. We believe that we'll be doing a lot of media 
activities and spends on building out the Rediff platform. In other words, we've allocated quite 
a bit of capital to promote certain activities within Rediff, though it be platform or pay. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
No, that's okay. I mean I'm not talking about the allocation of money. I'm just talking about that 
when the guidance is about -- the sales guidance is giving a good growth perspective. Why is 
that not being seen also in the profitability? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, that's exactly. In a consolidated basis, Rediff will consolidate into us, and we expect to 
spend a significant amount of our monies on branding and marketing Rediff because we are 
launching RediffPay, which is a consumer app. Consumers would use it much like what they 
would use for Google Pay, PhonePe and Paytm and others along with e-mails.  
Our guidance includes the fact that we'd be spending for the next 6 months on promoting 
RediffPay and Rediff platforms and Rediff-TV and others. We'll be spending on branding and 
customer acquisition, which is where we believe that we're not optimizing on profit, we are 
optimizing on long term. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
I hope that long term also like with profitability, ROE also will see significant growth because 
right now, we are at very small single- digit ROEs? 
Vishal Mehta: 
I think that our ROE is again also artificially depressed because of goodwill. If you remove the 
goodwill from the ROE, which is the result of a merger, so if you remove that goodwill 
component of more than INR1,000 crores, you would perhaps get the real ROE, which will 
perhaps show up. You're right. I think we'll always look at profitability as we build up. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
If you can just mention about what is the goodwill factor? How much will be adjusted book 
value be? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Goodwill is INR1,600 crores on the books at the moment. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
INR1,600 crores. That's approximately INR4 as a book value gone. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krisha Anandpara from Statheros LLP. Please go ahead. 
Krisha Anandpara: 
I have a question that of the INR700 crores rights issue announced, how much has been drawn 
or committed in Q1? What tangible like, revenue or margin impact do we expect within FY '26? 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
If you can give a clear split of how much will go towards AI marketplace development, AI 
infrastructure and payments expansion? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. Basically, in the letter of offer that we have published as part of the rights issue, you'll be 
able to see quite a bit of detail in terms of the capital raise for rights and how we expect to spend 
and the time lines that we expect to spend that all. Primarily, we'd be utilizing the capital in 
terms of growing the Rediff framework as well as being able to build out a defensible AI setup, 
which is what I just mentioned earlier. From the rights issue, it's partially paid.  
At the moment, we've closed the rights issue, and we'll be asking for the next call within 6 
months. Yes, you'll see quite a bit of -- all the details that you require would be there in the letter 
of offer. 
Krisha Anandpara: 
I have one more question. As you have announced plans for 12 small city AI data-driven centers, 
what is the expected capex per site? How do you intend to ensure high utilization rates early in 
the life cycle? 
Vishal Mehta: 
See, we have been doing a lot of calculations, and you know that a lot of things are moving also 
from an ecosystem perspective, but we are appropriately conservative in terms of ensuring that 
the capex will give us the returns. The capex will typically be in terms of software developers, 
the IT infrastructure, software developers specifically around AI and others because you must 
have heard the news, they are few and far between.  
Given the macroeconomics that we hear in the U.S. as well where some of the largest companies 
are throwing a lot of capital around that. Like I said, we are appropriately conservative. We'll be 
spending on practically the whole frameworks in the software development, the developers and 
the IT infrastructure that comes along with it to be able to deliver solutions to the clients.  
Fortunately, we have a few clients who have already signed up with us and who are signing up 
with us going forward. I think to answer your question, a typical ROI in a data center will be 
anywhere between 18 months to 36 months for us. That's the target that we have in our mind. If 
it can happen earlier, it's even better, but that's the ROI time horizon that we think is a fair 
estimate.  
That's what we target. We are not looking at a 5 year ROI because that's very hard to -- because 
a lot of things change in terms of upgrades and so on and so forth, so we are targeting 18 months 
to 36 months. 
Krisha Anandpara: 
Any expected number for capex per site? As you have mentioned, 12 more cities, AI data 
centers? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Capex per site will be -- I think you can expect that it will be anywhere from $1 million to $3 
million. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyam from Profit Mart Securities. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Satyam: 
I have a couple of questions. The first question is the total TPV declined 3% year-on-year to 
INR1.9 trillion, can you detail this volume decline and whether this was due to seasonality or 
competition or macroeconomic factor? Also with the MDR-based payment contribution of 72% 
of TPV, how much did the mix shift towards zero MDR UPI? What impact net take rates in the 
quarter 1? Also how does it compare with the prior 2 quarters? Can you share the comparison? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, sure. If you look at the TPV, the TPV that we report has both platforms and payments. If 
you look at the impact of -- and the platform is primarily GeM in this. If you remove the impact 
and look at quarter-over-quarter, actually TPV for payments has increased by more than 15%, 
20% year-over-year, '25 versus '26 Q1.  
We have consciously focused -- I mean, UPI is a part of it. Anything which is bill payments or 
others are excluded in the MDR piece because there, we don't get a percentage, any bill payments 
and others. If you look at UPI-based, we've consciously try to maintain or we don't encourage 
and use a lot of UPI-based transactions.  
Most of the companies in this payment space, they play a portfolio approach. Just to give you 
an example, they will price UPI, non-UPI together as competition. They will say that you would 
get a flat rate of x percentage, which includes UPI, non-UPI and other payment methods.  
They will play the role of higher UPI transactions so that they can give a lower percentage, if 
that makes sense to you, which means that if you are a shop which processes 50% UPI and 50% 
non-UPI, then they will perhaps reduce the overall percentage and charge across all the payment 
methods. That's a little gray area for us. 
 
We think that we have to be transparent to our merchants and be very clear that we are not 
charging for UPI, which is what has been mandated. While there have been different practices 
across, we have shied away. By design, what tends to happen is that for "gullible merchants”, 
they would perhaps join at a lower threshold, not realizing that they are giving up a lot.  
We have shied away from that, which means that we never go to any merchant and say that we 
will give you a blended rate considering even the UPI transaction. That's one of the reasons why 
we don't have a big percentage in UPI. In fact, it goes down quarter-over-quarter for the same 
quarter year. 
 
When we start RediffPay, RediffPay will focus on UPI. That is what we talked about, which is 
that is UPI-first, TruePay-first, everything which is in some ways, beneficial. That is where we 
think that there will be alternative sources of revenue and we can build out quite a bit of 
defensible business.  
Like I said, our Infi focus has always been on net revenue. If you look at net revenues, that will 
be a good reflection. The net revenue has actually increased by more than 30% year-over-year. 
It's actually 31% year-over-year. That's the one that we think is a good metric to focus on with 
us. Vishwas, anything else to add? 
Vishwas Patel: 
I think you have covered it all. I think nothing much more. 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Satyam: 
My another question is, as you have mentioned earlier, waiting for the retail payment networking 
license, how would you obtain the license and change your revenue model? What are the realistic 
time line given the current regulatory environment? 
Vishwas Patel: 
Actually, which license you're talking about in India or in UAE or other markets you talked 
about? 
Satyam: 
I'm talking about retail payment networking license for international? 
Vishwas Patel: 
Yes. No, for India, right? The retail payment, the NUE, which RBI had come out some time 
back, right, which is like a network license. Right now, RBI has not replied to the applications 
that were put in by the consortiums. All are awaiting RBI's guidelines towards that. It's an RBI 
code right now. 
Satyam: 
Once the license get approved, what will be the revenue model? What will the change in your 
revenue model? 
Vishwas Patel: 
That we are part of a consortium. It's like building the whole network like a Visa or a MasterCard 
or NPCI, which has its own card brand and national switch and all that stuff. It's a very different 
model. If RBI were to decide in principle, then the whole consortium will get at its place and 
then plan it out as per current time. If you are aware, this was 2 years back, RBI is still not acted 
on it.  
Once RBI has decided something or given us some info, then I think detailed planning and other 
things how to roll out the network will come in. Too early to premature to say anything on that 
now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Daga from Aspirewise Advisory Llp.  
Mohit Daga: 
Sir, I want to ask that given that media ventures can be capital intensive before monetization 
kicks in, so can you tell me what is the breakeven horizon for Rediff-TV? How do you see ad 
tech integration impacting Rediff overall margin profile? 
Vishal Mehta: 
I'll take this. Basically, Rediff-TV is in beta. It is launched. You can actually take a look at it. 
There is no anchor. There is no human anchor, I mean. There is no human involved in the whole 
process. It has multiple languages support. If you will read news, it will put all multimedia 
together on the fly, on the run and they're able to build out every story. We have tried and tested 
it and we've inserted ads.  
On a variable cost basis, today, it's profitable. In other words, we think that unlike the traditional 
approach where you would need to build out quite a bit of capex that you mentioned and so on 
and so forth. I think this one is, again, a full stack. It's able to do a lot more and much quicker 
without actually humans getting.  
Of course, there are original stories and so on and so forth, which Rediff News provides, which 
will be input into Rediff-TV. There will be some amount of podcasting and others, which will 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
potentially take up some capex. I think we are not looking at capex, which will be exceeding, 
you can say, 1 million. 
Mohit Daga: 
I have one more question. Sir, Rediff is entering a highly competitive market, U.K. market. We 
have the dominant players, so how will Rediff differentiate it from their peers who has deep 
pockets and strong regulatory relationship? 
Vishal Mehta: 
It's a great question, something that we talk about all the time. We won't go after the horizontals. 
Basically, we'll go after a business layer, which is sitting on top of RediffPay, which addresses 
a particular problem. In other words, we think that we'll go after building out automated 
workflows on top of RediffPay, which addresses a problem for a particular brand or a merchant. 
 
To give you an example, today, a lot of brands may not know the end user. When you think 
about an FMCG brand, and if you're a consumer of the brand, the brand would not know you as 
a consumer. Using business layers and logics and workflows on top of an existing consumption 
app, in fact, to an extent where quick commerce companies know the consumer much more than 
FMCG company knows. We find that there is a gap there.  
Using RediffPay and business workflows that we build out for specific clients, we can automate 
and provide that information to the brands, which is what stands the test of time. We'll be 
working a lot on those areas. We'll not just go after. Second is that we'll integrate pay as part of 
this whole communication channel. You'll be hearing a lot more from us in the coming months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets Private Limited. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
This RediffPay, will it be Google Pay plus? 
Vishal Mehta: 
If you consider workflows on top of Google Pay, yes, it will be. Primarily, some of the largest 
UPI players, they don't have or I would not say they don't have, they have chosen not to build 
out workflows given whatever conflicts which are out there in the market. We believe that 
building out specific workflows on top of Pay will be the way to go because what you do is, if 
you look at some of the FMCG brands. 
They do thousands of crores a year, which is still either in cash or non-UPI based. That is a 
market to go on because we are enabling commerce. You take what is existing and make it part 
of Pay. I think they would like it because the use of cash has gone in the system. There is no 
additional charge or anything that anyone has to pay for that.  
We believe that, that would be our approach, which is create business layers on top of UPI and 
go after specific very, very large clients. The larger the client, the better because finally, 
consumers will be attached to a particular product. FMCG is just one simple example. There 
will be more industries like this. 
 
We think that we'll go with a slightly more verticalized approach rather than just going 
horizontally. We do believe that we have got something unique, which is people come to us due 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
to mail. It's a daily habit. You will have to come and check. When you have millions of e-mail 
users, we have a way to reach out to them. We don't need to get them to our platform.  
They already come to our platform. We just need to find out more mechanisms of what they will 
do using RediffPay. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Are you monetizing Rediffmail? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Enterprise version of Rediff is being monetized. It is a charge service, much like what you would 
do to pay Google and pay Outlook and others. The enterprise version is a paid service. The free 
e-mail is ad supported. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Is it ad supported, is it? 
Vishal Mehta: 
It is. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Is Rediff in the black, Rediff as a stand-alone entity? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Last year, for the first time, it came in black. Historically, the burn is about 1 million. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
From the existing operation, can the blackness improve? From the existing operation itself. You 
are, of course, adding on various other things. That is a separate thing, but do you see as the 
volume goes up, the existing operation itself can bring in a lot of profit? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. I think that hard to say before we actually prove it. I think just so that you know, it is pretty 
massive scale. In other words, we send about 0.5 billion to 1 billion e-mails every day. It's scaled 
out, tried tested, been around for more than a decade, fully Indianized. All our data is residing 
only in this country, no other country.  
I think from all those parameter perspective, I think there's a very large opportunity. Given the 
macroeconomic environment, I think it becomes even -- it's fast tracked somewhat. I think that 
there's a pretty large opportunity to do this. I think since we took up the company last year as 
Infi, there's massive amounts of engineering that happens because, like I said, as a company, we 
want to focus on deep technology.  
I think there are a lot of AI components that we've added. Enterprise e-mailcustomers and clients 
now they can have something called R Genie, which is the Rediff Genie that will do a lot of 
things for you on the fly, pretty much like what other companies would offer as tools, but yes, I 
think for us, we think that there's -- to answer your question,  
I think Rediff has significant brand and inherent value that it's scaled up, we just have to find 
more ways and mechanisms to monetize on that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
In terms of the divestment of a part of the equity, are you looking for a private equity or a 
strategic partner? If you can say a few words on that? 

 
 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. Of course, the Board will decide on the exact path forward, but it could be a combination 
thereof. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay because personally, I feel that Rediff, when you had bought it at INR100 crores, that itself 
was a very low valuation, but that itself was -- and I'm sure you must be building on it. Hopefully, 
whatever you are trying to do, add value will take it to further level. That's the way I look at it. 
Vishal Mehta: 
That's the hope. I think there could be a multiplier, but that's the hope. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
I mean you have to obviously prove it to whoever is a new equity partner that is coming. 
Vishal Mehta: 
That is true. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Thanks for this information. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this would be our last question. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vishal Mehta: 
I'd like to thank everyone on the call. Thank you for your continued belief in our vision and we 
believe this is just the beginning. We look forward to building the future together. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
