JNK India Limited 
(Formerly known as JNK India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29268MH2010PLC204223 
 
203 to 206, Centrum, Plot No. C-3, S.G. Barve Road, Wagle Estate,  
Thane (W) – 400604, Maharashtra, INDIA Tel : 91-22-68858000 
Email: admin@jnkindia.com Website: www.jnkindia.com 
 
Date: August 18, 2025 
To,  
BSE Limited, 
The General Manager,  
Department of Listing Operations,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
The Manager, Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip code: 544167 
Security Symbol: JNKINDIA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Q1FY26 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of Q1FY26 Earnings 
Call held on Monday, August 11, 2025 at 11:00 AM. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.jnkindia.com/  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For JNK India Limited 
 
 
Ashish Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
ASHIS
H SONI
Digitally signed 
by ASHISH SONI 
Date: 
2025.08.18 
16:31:07 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13
JNK India Limited
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call
August 11, 2025
     
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND KAMATH CHAIRPERSON AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR
JNK INDIA LIMITED
MR. PRAVIN SATHE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
JNK INDIA LIMITED
MS. ANNIE VARGHESE
SENIOR MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS
JNK INDIA LIMITED
MODERATOR:
MR. AKSHIT GANGWAL IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES 
LIMITED

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the JNK India Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Akshit Gangwal from IIFL Capital 
Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I 
welcome everyone to JNK India's Q1 FY26 Earnings Call. We have with us 
today, Mr. Arvind Kamath, Chairperson and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Pravin 
Sathe, Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Annie Varghese, Senior Manager, 
Investor Relations. 
 
Without further delay, I will now hand over the call to the management for 
their opening remarks, which will be followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Good morning, everyone. I'm Arvind Kamath, Chairperson and Whole-Time 
Director of JNK India. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 FY26 
Earnings Call. We appreciate your continued interest and engagement as we 
begin the new financial year. 
 
The first quarter of FY26 was centered around project execution. Our teams 
remained focused on delivering ongoing assignments across domestic and 
international markets. While the quarter did not see any significant order 
inflows, operational activities remained steady with delivery efforts aligned to 
client milestones. 
 
Total revenue for the quarter stood at INR 1,030 million, reflecting a year-on-
year growth of 13.5%. As of June 30, 2025, the company's order book stood at 
INR 9,828 million, comprising 79.4% from heating systems, 12.8% from 
process plants and 7.8% from flares, incinerators and other renewables. 
 
Domestic orders accounts for 90.9% of the total order book, ensuring strong 
revenue visibility going forward. India's refining and petrochemical industry 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
continues to report stable growth, supported by strong domestic demand and 
expanding infrastructure. 
 
At the same time, the country's transition towards renewable energy and green 
hydrogen is accelerating, creating new opportunities for engineering and 
technology-led solutions in the energy and industrial sectors as well. 
 
Aligned with these developments, the company has entered into a joint venture 
agreement post the quarter with Mr. Sunil Dhole and Mr. Tushar Wagh, 
founders of Chemdist Group to develop green hydrogen and other sustainable 
fuel technologies and also critical engineered equipment in chemical and 
pharma industry. 
 
JNK India will hold a 51% equity stake in the newly formed entity. This 
initiative enhances our entry into the emerging green hydrogen segment and 
also chemical segment, enabling JNK India to expand its offering beyond 
conventional combustion equipment and into clean energy process 
infrastructure. 
 
This JV will also provide access to international expertise, support technology, 
co-development and create potential for participating in upcoming green 
hydrogen projects in India and overseas. Looking ahead, we remain focused 
on delivering our existing order book with discipline and technical precision. 
 
Our integrated capabilities across fire heaters, cracking furnaces, incinerators, 
flares and process plants enable us to serve the evolving needs of refining, 
petrochemical, fertilizer and clean energy sectors. 
 
Backed by strong engineering depth and modular manufacturing at Mundra, 
JNK India is well placed to support complex energy infrastructure needs, both 
in India and select global markets. I would also like to highlight that in the 
existing execution of Reliance project at Nagothane, Bechtel has given us a 
special mention of safety for JNK India team. 
 
With this, I would like now to invite our CFO, Mr. Pravin Sathe, to take you 
through the financial performance for the quarter. Thank you. 
Pravin Sathe: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Mr. Kamath. I'm Pravin Sathe, CFO 
of JNK India. I will now present the financial performance for  Q1 FY26. For 
the quarter ended June 30, 2025, the company recorded a total revenue of INR 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
1,030 million, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 13.5%. Operating profit for 
the quarter was INR 242 million with an operating margin of 23.5%. 
 
The EBITDA stood at INR 72 million, translating to a margin of 7% compared 
to 13.4% in quarter Q1 FY25. And 13.8% in quarter Q4 FY25. Profit before 
tax stood at INR 20 million with a margin of around 2%, while profit after tax 
was INR 11 million, representing a margin of 1.1%. The margin compression 
during the quarter was primarily due to the legacy projects under execution, 
which impacted the overall profitability. 
 
As mentioned in our earlier conversations, we have now transitioned our 
revenue recognition model to suit the evolving company from a fire heater 
company to the present day structure. Earlier, we followed the practice of 
output method and we adopted the input method in H2 of FY25. Hence, the 
projects awarded in FY25 were based on the new revenue recognition model. 
 
In quarter Q1 FY26, the substantial revenue came in from earlier projects and 
the balance from the new ones. Similarly, the cost incurred for the earlier 
projects formed majority of the quarter's operating expenses, whereas the 
remaining cost attributed to the new projects. This highlights that there are no 
concerns in the operations and profitability as such, but it's a temporary pain 
due to some former projects which continue to incur higher costs. 
 
Additionally, certain projects under execution continue to face delays, which 
have added to the cost. The impact of higher costs related to the earlier projects 
is likely to continue in Q2 FY26 as well. On the employee cost front, the 
employee cost net of ESOP expenses in Q1 FY25 as compared to the employee 
cost in Q1 FY26, there is an increase of 15.5% year-on-year. 
 
We continue to focus on the disciplined execution, cost control and alignment 
of internal systems to support the timely delivery. The company remains 
committed to improving operating margins through the better project planning, 
engineering productivity and the scale benefits across our ongoing order 
pipeline. 
 
Thank you for your attention, and we now welcome your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Kamlesh from Lotus Asset Managers. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Kamlesh: 
Sir, I had multiple questions. So firstly, on the revenue guidance and on the 
EBITDA margin guidance. So in last quarter, we had given a guidance of 40% 
to 50% revenue growth and margins of roughly around 12% to 13%. So are we 
sticking with that or has there been any change over there? 
Pravin Sathe: 
The guidance for the yearly growth of revenue and the EBITDA margin 
remains the same. What you have mentioned, we still stick to that. 
Kamlesh: 
Okay. And sir, any update on the orders like some order from this one, Oman 
Refinery and Bharat Oman Refinery, erstwhile Bharat Oman Refinery, which 
is now BPCL-owned. So any order update on that particular side or from 
Reliance or any other project? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, Kamlesh, I mean, okay, regarding the order finalization, in the quarter 1, 
there was one large finalization, which unfortunately didn't come in our way. 
And in quarter 2, there are 2 finalizations are expected any time, including the 
one which you mentioned, that is BPCL Bina and there's one more as well. So 
we are just waiting for the order finalization any time. So, these 2 orders are to 
be expected to be finalized any time now. 
Kamlesh: 
Can you broadly guide us how much would be the size of that ballpark, not 
exact figures? 
Arvind Kamath: 
See, both the finalization will be actually bid by the JNK Global from Korea 
based on the criteria in terms of the bid qualification criteria was involved. So, 
these 2 projects roughly could be anywhere between INR 2,000 crores to INR 
3,000 crores. 
Kamlesh: 
Great. Great. And sir, lastly, when we came out with the IPO, like your margins 
and revenue were like, say, in the boom state. And now if we see this legacy 
thing, so for a size of INR 1,000 crores order book, how can we have such 
legacy order book? 
 
Because it's surprising that a margin from a level of 15%, 20% dips down to as 
low as 10%. So for a shareholder, so how can we guard or protect the 
shareholders from such a high volatility and when we have such a high 
precision in the technology and we have such a big upper hand over the 
technology? So how can these things happen of legacy order book where our 
margins like they go from double digit to single digit as low as 4%, 5%? 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes, Kamlesh. As we said earlier that this legacy order book is likely to get 
over by the Q2 of FY '26. And we have explained earlier also that due to the 
output method of revenue recognition we were following, the margins quarter-
on-quarter were not stable because it is based on the milestones and certain 
milestones have a high profit margins and certain have a lower profit margins 
attributable to the project life cycle. 
 
So in order to iron out these variations, we already adopted the input or cost-
based method for the projects that were awarded to us in FY '25. So going 
forward, you will see the impact on Q3 and Q4 revenues that majority of the 
revenue would come from these new projects and there will not be any 
volatility as such on the profit margin side. 
Kamlesh: 
And going forward, all the orders which we are winning, so there 12%, 13% 
margins is we are factoring in there? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Doshi from Kriis PMS. 
Jainam Doshi: 
So just wanted to understand like what would be the execution time line of the 
current order book which we have? And what are the sustainable EBITDA 
margins we are targeting post the completion of the legacy orders which we 
have? 
Pravin Sathe: 
The current order book would get executed up to quarter 1 of next financial 
year, that is Q1 of '27. And the EBITDA margin guidance that we had given 
of somewhere between 13% to 15%, that we can consider once these legacy 
projects are over. 
Jainam Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, in the previous concall, you had mentioned that there will be 
some kind of a spillover effect from Q4 into the Q1 of this year. So if you can 
quantify the amount of that spillover in the current quarter, which we have 
executed? 
Pravin Sathe: 
You mean the spillover from the old projects? 
Jainam Doshi: 
Yes, spillover from the Q4 of the earlier years. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes. The spillover from the earlier Q4 is the major portion in this Q1. And that 
is the reason the margin has also been impacted. 
Jainam Doshi: 
So if you could quantify? 
Pravin Sathe: 
We can get back to you one-on-one for this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Paresh Raja from IMAP India. 
Paresh Raja: 
So you mentioned about forming a JV with 2 individuals for hydrogen and 
other technologies. Could you throw some more light in terms of what is the 
expected date of commercial production? 
 
And what is the additional capex which is required? And what is the likely 
revenue in the first year? And what is likely -- what would be the peak revenue 
and what is the profitability in this JV? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, Paresh, we have entered into the JV agreement about 2 weeks back. We 
have signed a JV agreement with Mr. Sunil Dhole and Mr. Tushar Wagh. They 
were the founders of Chemdist Group. And Chemdist Group is already into 
engineering and manufacturing of critical equipments like reactors, distillation 
columns, scrubbers, et cetera, for the chemical and pharma industry. 
 
And they're also developing green hydrogen technologies and also other 
sustainable fuel technologies. So we, as JNK see a large opportunity if we can 
support them and grow in a bigger way. And that's the basic essence of this JV. 
 
And in terms of the financial, what you asked, we would be supporting them 
in terms of the working capital mainly. So, the extent of working capital 
support could be about INR 50 crores or so in the first year. And initial equity 
is about INR 51 lakhs and also the initial investment is about INR 10 crores in 
the company. 
Pravin Sathe: 
By way of preference capital. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes. This is by way of preference capital. And in terms of the revenues, they 
already have certain order book, which will be started in JV from this year 
itself. So, in this financial year itself, we would see a certain amount of revenue 
which could be about, say, around 8% to 10% of JNK India's revenue. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
So going forward, in 2 to 3 years' time, we look forward to a revenue growth 
in the new company, the new JV business, which is about 10% to 15% of JNK 
India's revenue. And maybe up to 5 years, we can look at something like 15% 
to 25% of JNK India's revenue in the new JV business, which is focused mainly 
on the specialized chemical equipment and the special technologies of green 
hydrogen and other technologies. And they also export to countries like Saudi 
and other Middle East countries as well. 
Paresh Raja: 
Okay. And what is the likely profitability from the projects that we'll do? 
Arvind Kamath: 
The likely profitability of EBITDA could be anywhere between 10% to 12%. 
Paresh Raja: 
Okay. My second question is pertaining to the orders which get routed through 
JNK Korea. You mentioned that there's an order finalization, which is likely to 
happen to the tune of maybe INR 2,000 crores, INR 3,000 crores. So would 
this be completely to JNK India? Or is it into multiple parts and we may get 
part of the order? 
Arvind Kamath: 
There is, I mean, yes, just considering the size of the projects, the large size of 
the projects, which is there. So it could be one job which is there, which is a 
smaller one, that will be on a complete back-to-back basis. 
 
But the other larger job, which is under finalization, that would be on a part 
basis depending on the situation and depending on the process. Though we will 
be actively and majorly involved in the execution, JNK India will be doing a 
lot of things as well. 
Paresh Raja: 
Okay. Can we expect the order finalization in the month of August? 
Arvind Kamath: 
That would be a bit difficult to say, but we are quite confident that at least out 
of the 2 jobs, one job will get finalized in this quarter at least. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Doshi from Kriis PMS. 
Jainam Doshi: 
One question which I had is like as we might get some part of the bigger order 
and one of the smaller orders. So do we have the bandwidth in terms of the 
execution and also the existing capex is sufficient or we would require any 
further capex for it, if you could allude it? 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Pravin Sathe: 
Yes. About the bandwidth, Mr. Kamath will enlighten. But so far as capex is 
concerned, I would like to inform you that there would not be any additional 
capex required. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes. Just on the bandwidth, okay, depending on obviously the size of the 
project, there could be only bandwidth, what we would require more would be 
the people and certain softwares. And we are gearing up to that. And I think 
we will be able to handle it as it comes. It should not be an issue for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kamlesh from Lotus Asset Management. 
Kamlesh: 
Sir, regarding the order book, like we had highlighted that it would be INR 
2,000 crores to INR 3,000 crores. So would it be our share, JNK India share or 
you are talking about the group share? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, Kamlesh, the INR 2,000 crores to INR 3,000 crores order finalization is 
on JNK Global. And our share, we will have to derive exactly depending on 
which project and what will be our exact activities for that particular project. 
Kamlesh: 
But sir, usually on the past experience basis, how much share we used to get 
from the JNK Global? 
Arvind Kamath: 
If the project is not in Korea, then it is 100%. But if the project is large and if 
it also involves a lot of BGs or the LCs and the foreign components, then it can 
range anywhere about 30% to 70%. 
Kamlesh: 
But since it's an Indian project only, domestic project, so can we say that it 
would be around 90%, 100%? 
Arvind Kamath: 
No, no. That way, it would be difficult to say, Kamlesh, because it also involves 
a lot of foreign components and certain things. And because of the size of the 
opportunities which are there, so it would not be to that extent. 
Kamlesh: 
And sir, beyond this, how are we seeing the pipeline of orders going forward 
beyond these orders? 
Arvind Kamath: 
So beyond these 2 finalization in this quarter, there is 2 more finalization lined 
up in the next quarter. So generally, pipeline, as we said in the previous call as 
well, is quite healthy. There are projects lined up in India and in the exports as 
well. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Kamlesh: 
Okay. So where do we see this pipeline of INR 950-odd crores order book to 
go up to, like, say, by the year-end? 
Arvind Kamath: 
It's difficult to guide the exact number in terms of the order book, but there is 
an order finalization expected in this financial year, which is about, say, INR 
3,000 crores or so. And out of that, now how much share we will get is what 
we'll have to see. 
 
But what we have seen in last couple of years is we've been able to have a 
healthy order inflow and healthy order backlog as we are going, with the 
visibility of around 1.5 years to 2 years kind of a revenue. So we're quite 
confident that we should be able to achieve it in this year as well. 
Kamlesh: 
And sir, lastly, with the given capacities which we have, so how much 
maximum revenue we can do? 
Pravin Sathe: 
Capacities in the terms of -- Kamlesh, can you  elaborate that? 
Kamlesh: 
Like say, the working capital which we have and the 5,000 tons of capacity 
which we had highlighted in our presentation or the space which we have 
available, how much maximum or optimization of revenue we can do on a 
yearly basis? 
Pravin Sathe: 
See, Kamlesh, current working capital facilities can be enhanced if we get the 
orders. So we can't say that, there is no staticness in that. So capacity as such 
is a flexible term. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Akshit Gangwal from IIFL Capital. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Just wanted to check on the status of the 2 big projects, Reliance and HPCL. 
Are we on track? Last time, I think you had mentioned Q3, Q4 of this year. So 
are we on track with those projects? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, the project execution is going on in full swing and both the sites at HPCL 
and Reliance, we've deployed the necessary manpower at site to ensure that the 
things go on track and go on time. So definitely, would be delivering the 
revenues in terms of Q3, Q4. And  worst case in the Q1 of next financial year, 
we'll be able to complete both the projects, yes. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Understood. And since these projects make up most of your order book, so I 
would assume that, and the newer ones as well. So these are the ones that will 
give you the margin jump going from Q3 onwards as well, right? 
Arvind Kamath: 
I mean, yes, basically, we have changed the accounting methodology to ensure 
that we don't have that kind of EBITDA variation or EBITDA depending on 
the outputs or the deliverables so that we would see basically a constant 
EBITDA from Q3 onwards. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Right. But to achieve this, since the margins for Q1 were quite low and 
similarly for Q2 also, from what I gathered from earlier comments is that Q2 
will also see some pain. But from Q3 onwards, we will need some jump in 
margins, right, to get to the 13%, 14% guided range? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, yes, yes. That's correct, Akshit. And also because of the revenues also 
would be larger. So that will also have a compensating effect because Q1, 
generally, the revenues are much lower. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Right. Understood. Understood. And sir, just the jump in the employee costs 
net of ESOP that you mentioned about 15.5%. So Q4 was a big drop. The 
reasons mentioned were change in employee remuneration plans, bonuses and 
all of those reasons. So why the jump again this quarter? 
Arvind Kamath: 
So basically, the increment is given in the first quarter of the financial year. So 
that indicates the jump. And also, we have added more manpower in terms of 
the execution and also to gear up to the new pipeline. 
 
So these are the 2 major reasons. And what you mentioned about the last 
quarter of the last financial year, it's because we didn't give incentives for the 
previous year, considering the overall performance. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Understood. So, going forward, net of these incentives now since Q1 is done 
with the incentives and no more ESOPs as well, what can be the expected 
employee cost range that we can consider? 
Pravin Sathe: 
See, we can't predict the range as such right now because as Mr. Kamath said, 
these 2 big projects are getting finalized in this quarter. So we may have to hire 
certain critical personnel depending on the requirement. But we can say that 
the employee cost will be optimally managed. And as per the industry 
standards, the percentage will be within the limits. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Understood. Sure. And just one final question on the order pipeline again. So, 
you mentioned about INR 3,000 crores of order finalizations expected in FY 
'26. And since our current order book should get exhausted by Q1 FY '27, so 
what is the expected conversion ratio that you're looking at out of the INR 
3,000 crores? 
 
I understand you mentioned 1.5x, 2x of revenues. But still, I mean, going 
forward, if we have to build in our numbers based on what the order book could 
look like, what the execution cycle will be because the current order book 
getting executed by Q1 FY '27, then beyond that, given the project execution 
cycles, everything, how should we build our estimates, what could be basis no 
orders in the current quarter as well. So going forward are the ones that we'll 
see the newer ones coming in, right? 
Arvind Kamath: 
Yes, Akshit, see, historically, our hit rate has been about 25% of whatever has 
been finalized. And just as I said, in the Q1, there was already one large 
finalization, which we have lost. So, the balance hit rate, I mean, like we expect 
better hit rate in comparison with that because we have already lost one job in 
the Q1. 
 
And in terms of the execution, yes, I mean, Q1, but some of the commissioning 
and et cetera, could also spill to Q2 of next year. So that's why we are confident 
that we'll have enough order backlog by the end of this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Paresh from IMAP India. 
Paresh: 
Mr. Kamath, who would be the competitor companies who participate in this 
BPCL bid and also in the Reliance and HPCL bid? 
Arvind Kamath: 
HPCL was Thermax and Reliance was Technip. And in BPCL Bina, it is 
Larsen & Toubro. So practically there was only one competitor in all these 3 
bids. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Akshit Gangwal for his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Akshit Gangwal: 
Thank you, Shruti. On behalf of IIFL Capital, that concludes the conference. I 
would like to thank the management for their time and giving us the 
opportunity to host the call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
JNK India Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Arvind Kamath: 
Okay. Thank you, Akshit. Thank you, everyone. 
Pravin Sathe: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 
 
Notes: 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a 
verbatim record of the proceedings. 
2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or 
by any means without the prior written consent of JNK India Limited. 
