MBFSL/CS/2025-26      
22nd August, 2025 
To, 
Department of Corporate Relations, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, C- 1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai– 400051 
Scrip Code: 543253 
Scrip Symbol: BECTORFOOD 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
SUBJECT: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL – Q1 & FY26 UNDER 
THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS), 
REGULATIONS 2015 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on 14th August, 2025 to discuss Q1 
& FY26 results. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
Atul Sud 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M.No. F10412
ATUL 
SUD
Digitally signed 
by ATUL SUD 
Date: 2025.08.22 
10:45:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited Q1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANOOP BECTOR - MANAGING DIRECTOR, MRS. 
BECTORS FOOD SPECIALITIES LIMITED 
MR. MANU TALWAR - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
MRS. BECTORS FOOD SPECIALITIES LIMITED 
MR. ISHAAN BECTOR - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, MRS. 
BECTORS FOOD SPECIALITIES LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN KUMAR GOEL - WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, MRS. 
BECTORS FOOD SPECIALITIES LIMITED 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited Q1 
FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anoop Bector. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Bector: 
Thank you so much. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities 
Limited, I extend a warm welcome to all participants on Q1 FY'26 financial results discussion 
call. 
Today on this call, I have with me Mr. Manu Talwar – our Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Ishaan 
Bector – Whole-Time Director; Mr. Praveen Kumar Goel – Whole-Time Director & Chief 
Financial Officer. We also have MUFG Intime with us on the call who are our Investor Relations 
Advisors. 
I hope everyone had a chance to review our Investor Deck and Press Release which was uploaded 
on the Exchanges and our Company Website. 
In a challenging macro environment, the Company has delivered a resilient start to FY'25-'26, 
recording a 7.6% year-on-year increase in revenue from operations and delivering an EBITDA 
margin of 12.3%. 
Coming to the macro environment: 
We are cautiously optimistic about the prospects of the urban segment. On the back of recent 
interest rate cuts and the rationalization of the tax slab, we are seeing early signs of recovery. 
On the inflation front, particularly in the raw materials, the sharp price hikes driven by 
geopolitical disruptions and supply chain bottlenecks appear to be behind us. Prices of key 
commodities like cocoa, palm oil and maida, even though still elevated, are now stabilizing. A 
stable raw material price environment going forward should translate into stable end consumer 
pricing and help propel demand. The sharp increase in input costs was effectively mitigated 
through strategic pricing actions and initiatives undertaken under Project Impact. The Bakery 
segment delivered its highest-ever quarterly performance of Rs. 183 crores, a 19% growth for 
the quarter. This was led by English Oven, whose market-leading brand equity, superior product 
quality, and high consumer trust have been instrumental in driving momentum. We continue to 
strengthen our position in the incumbent market and are now also aggressively pursuing 
geographic expansion through both distribution and brand-building initiatives. 
Coming to the biscuit portfolio: 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
A top-line growth of 3% underlines the challenges faced by the exports business. The exports 
business continues to operate in a highly volatile environment. The uncertainty of tariffs, slow 
passing of input price hikes on account of muted demand, and supply chain disruptions due to 
geopolitical tensions continue to be challenging. Business from America has been particularly 
impacted. However, we remain in close engagement with our customers to drive through this 
uncertainty. 
On the domestic front: 
All price actions have been factored in and now end pricing has stabilized. The growth rates, 
even on the back of sharp price hikes, have improved consistently quarter-on-quarter from Q3 
last year, indicating resilience and provides an optimistic outlook as broader consumption 
improves. We continue to scale up and enhance business contributions from innovation. Our 
innovation philosophy is to upgrade and enhance consumer experience through differentiation 
by use of healthier ingredients, convenient formats, and rich experience products. Products like 
shortbreads made with 25% butter and no palm oil have performed well in the indulgence 
segment. In the kids' snacking category, we introduced animal-shaped crackers under the brand 
name Teddy's, which continue to scale up well. Tapping into the demand for convenience 
anytime in-home indulgence and building in our Bakery expertise, we entered the ready-to-eat 
dessert segment with the launch of Choco Lava Cake, Muffins, and Brownies, which continue 
to scale up well on quick commerce. In response to the growing demand for healthier 
alternatives, we launched our flagship coconut cookies with ‘Zero Maida’, offering at Rs. 20 for 
100 grams. Additionally, we are building a pipeline of ‘Health-First Products’, which should be 
out in the next few quarters. 
Furthermore, we launched a clean label range of breads under NatureBake, a ‘Health-First 
Exclusive’ brand with ‘No Maida, No Palm Oil, No Added Colors, and No Preservatives’, with 
the proposition. ‘It is Honest, it is Clean, it is NatureBake’. Developed with super seed and whole 
wheat flour flavors, early feedback has been encouraging, and we plan to scale up this range 
with more exciting offerings in the future. 
On marketing: 
Having recovered from the input price drop in the last quarter, we regained our committed spend 
to build and investing behind our brand. In the Cremica priority markets, a blend of mass media, 
TV and outdoor, and BTL activities like out-of-home campaigns, wall paintings, vehicle 
branding, along with participation in exhibitions and melas helped gain significant visibility for 
the brand. We celebrated Mother's Day with a heartfelt YouTube film, Maa Ke Sapno Ka First 
Birthday, honoring mothers and their dreams, which resonated deeply with our audience. As the 
next driver of growth, English Oven has expanded both its reach and visibility in the top 14 cities 
of North through a large outdoor campaign. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
On the technology front: 
We have made significant advancements aimed at strengthening our operational backbone. In 
manufacturing and supply chain, we have rolled out digitization initiatives across 50% of our 
plants. In sales and distribution, the deeper adoption of our distributor management system 
across 60% of distributors is delivering enhanced visibility, real-time tracking, and improved 
order fulfillment. Additionally, our technology investments have enabled better management of 
trade spends and improved key salesforce metrics, including productivity rate and territory 
coverage. On our new biscuit facility in Dhar, commenced operations in May and is currently in 
a phased ramp-up to ensure operational stability. Full-scale commercial production is targeted 
for Q2. Once fully operational, the plant will not only deliver improved operational efficiency 
and enhanced service level but also strengthen our manufacturing capability for the 
differentiated products, playing a pivotal role in driving the growth of our product portfolio. On 
the Bakery front, we remain focused on scaling operations to capture growth opportunities. Our 
plant in Kolkata is going to be commissioned in Q3, and the facility in Maharashtra is going to 
be commissioned towards the end of the financial year. In line with our commitment to 
enhancing shareholder value and improving liquidity, the Board has approved a subdivision of 
equity shares whereby each fully paid equity share of Rs. 10 face value will be split into five 
fully paid-up equity shares of Rs. 2 each. This move, subject to the shareholder and regulatory 
approvals. 
Moving to our financial performance for the quarter, starting with Biscuits: 
Our Biscuits Segment reported revenue growth of 3%, which stood at INR 281 crores in Q1 
FY'26 as compared to INR 273 crores in Q1 FY'25. The segment has grown by 26% over Q1 
FY'24. 
Our Bakery segment revenue for Q1 FY'26 stood at INR 183 crores against INR 154 crores in 
Q1 FY25, thus registering a growth of 19% on year-on-year basis, including retail Bakery and 
institutional segments. This segment has grown by 35% over Q1 FY'24. The consolidated 
revenue s of the current year stood at INR 473 crores versus INR 439.4 crores in Q1 FY25, 
thus registering a growth of 7.6% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA stood at INR 58.2 crores, 
while EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 12.3%. PAT stood at INR 30.9 crores for the 
quarter and PAT margin for Q1 FY'26 stood at 6.5%. 
Thank you so much. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Resham Mehta from Green Edge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Resham Mehta: 
Thank you. So, the first question is on Biscuits. Two-part question here. Domestic Biscuits and 
export Biscuits. So, domestic Biscuits, the growth has been very, very muted. Now, since we 
have taken all the pricing actions and the RM, the raw material costs are also largely stable, like 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
you called out. What is the kind of growth that we are expecting for the balance nine months or 
from here on? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, in the domestic biscuit side, what we have seen that over the last 2 to 3 quarters, there has 
been improvement in the revenue growth quarter-on-quarter, right? Even this quarter, revenue 
growth was better than last quarter, right? And we are very hopeful that these trends will kind 
of buildup and especially when the festive season also kind of hit. So, we are definitely targeting, 
right, that we should be able to build up in the next two quarters and get to a run rate of a double 
digit growth over the next 2 quarters' time. So, that's what we are gunning for or that's what we 
are heading for, targeting to keep improving this growth rate from a high single digit and take it 
to a double digit growth and build it up. 
Resham Mehta: 
So, just taking a step back, right, the headwinds that we were facing in our domestic biscuit 
business was essentially that, demand was muted and, you know, we had taken price hikes, 
which probably, you know, in a muted consumer environment did probably, further suppress 
demand and there were competitive pressures also. But now, with that, I mean, the muted 
demand kind of still remains or do you see that there is an improvement in the demand sentiment 
in urban areas? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, there is definitely, that's why I said, if I look at Q3 of last year to Q4, Q4 to Q1 of this year, 
it has been quarter-on-quarter, the growth has been improving, right? There's a clear-cut trend 
of sequential improvement in growth quarter-on-quarter. We are at a high single digit growth in 
domestic biscuit business, and we are very confident that over the next two quarters there has 
been a fair amount of steep price increase in the last six months' time, which is also kind of 
settling in now and commodity prices have also stabilized. So, we have worked and the festive 
season hitting, we should be able to move the growth sequentially up in the next two quarters 
also and get to a sustained double digit growth going to the Quarter four of this year and then 
the next financial year. 
Resham Mehta: 
So, the Q1 domestic biscuit growth was in high single digits, like you called out, correct? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes. 
Resham Mehta: 
Year-on-year, right? And this is year-on-year you're talking about? 
Manu Talwar: 
Year on year, yes, absolutely. 
Resham Mehta: 
Right, which effectively means that there has been some kind of a degrowth or very muted 
growth in the export side. Can you specifically call out, like, what exactly are the issues here 
and how big would our US exposure be and how can we kind of mitigate this? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, basically, what happened is uncertainty had impacted the phasing of the orders, right? And 
because of the phasing the order, discussion with customer, the announcements coming and 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
changing has kind of delayed these orders. And as far as our US business, which is impacted is 
about 20% odd, which is there. But, while these things were settling down, our dispatches in 
June and Quarter 2 had started building up and then again this announcement came up, heavy 
impact of 50%, right? And then that is again, kind of created an uncertainty, no doubt about that. 
We are in touch and engaging our customers and we are also hopeful that somewhere, there 
would be some resolution which Indian government and US government will also work out. So, 
very hopeful by end of August, things should be better and clear. But yes, we are engaging with 
the customer to kind of make this happen. 
Resham Mehta: 
US is 20% of your export biscuit revenues, right? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes, approximately. 
Resham Mehta: 
Got it. And lastly, on the margins front. So, from here on considering pricing actions have been 
affected and the raw material input prices are largely stable. So, can we see gross margins Q2 
onwards kind of improving and going back to 47%-48% kind of levels, which effectively would, 
perhaps lead to transmission into improved EBITDA margins? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, first thing is definitely we are looking at EBITDA margins to improve, right? Our EBITDA 
margin in this quarter was also further impacted by the business mix, right? With change and 
exports being low. So, but yes, in the coming quarter and the coming quarters, as we had 
indicated in previous call also that from Quarter 2 onwards, we will start getting back to our 
EBITDA margins of close to 14%. And we are working in that direction, we are confident of 
getting there. 
Resham Mehta: 
The last one, if I may, so the Bakery business 19% revenue growth, can you break that up into 
the B2C and the QSR business? 
Anoop Bector: 
Excuse me, Manu, just corrected that, it is 20% of the export business, not B2C. 
Manu Talwar: 
Sorry, it is 20% of export business, it is just about, close to 5%-6% of our overall business. So, 
America, which is impacted as a percentage of export is 20, but overall business should be 
around 5%-6%. Coming to Bakery side, obviously our B2C business is growing very healthily. 
We don't share the numbers separately. But yes, English Oven growths are much more healthy 
and excessive compared to B2B. B2B or QSR business, we are growing, right, but it continues 
to be on a low growth mode as compared to English Oven, which is B2C business. 
Resham Mehta: 
Export part is overall US revenues is just 5%-6% and largely… 
Manu Talwar: 
Of overall revenues. 
Resham Mehta: 
Yes, of overall revenues and largely the impact I would imagine, would have been on the US 
business, on the export side. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Manu Talwar: 
Let me just correct it. What has happened is that currently we do not face our supply and demand 
going , as normal. But what had happened was that we have a lot of Inaudible(18:51) over stocks, 
which could not be, it is in transit, right, the stocks were in transit. So, otherwise till now, our 
business is as normal, but there have been a lot of fluctuations. Once, they started with 25%, 
then they started with 50%. So, the shipping documents, we are waiting for our customers to 
respond. So, at the moment, our business, we are supplying all orders as they are. We continue, 
we shall be continuing to doing similar business in Quarter 2 also. And, but the total US business 
is 5% of the total company sale. That is what, it is at the moment. 
Resham Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you. I will join back the queue. 
Manu Talwar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please go 
ahead. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. My first question is that the Bakery segment grew 19% 
year-on-year, significantly outpacing the Biscuits Segment. So, what specific product innovation 
or market strategy contributed to this growth? 
Manu Talwar: 
Ishaan, you can take this first. 
Ishaan Bector: 
So, on the Bakery side, we have basically always been saying that our vision is to be a pan-India 
player. So, there's two parts to it. So we have extensively increased our distribution. We have 
also entered into the upper north geographies of Punjab. We are also seeing where as an early 
mover into the category, we have a very strong market share on the quick commerce, where we 
are aggressively working, we are gaining market share, our products have been well accepted. 
On the general trade side, we despite a significant movement of volume going into quick 
commerce, we are continuing to increase our distribution. So, in both the categories, whether it 
is general trade or quick commerce, we are seeing positive numbers in terms of growth. So, like 
I have always said that English Oven still has a long journey to become a national brand and to 
be in a line of vision of being the top three brands in India in the Bakery segment. So, expansion 
is one such thing. Secondly, we have also noticed that a lot of trend has gone towards the health 
segment. So, we were again one of the early movers into catching this health segment. In fact, 
most of our breads today on the healthy side are made of no maida, they are using no palm oil. 
We have also now added a new brand to our portfolio, which is called Nature Bake, which by 
this month will be available across all the geographies where we are currently operating in. And 
this is taking the health portfolio to the next level where, on top of the no maida, no palm oil, we 
are also removing preservatives from our products. We are removing any kind of emulsifiers. 
Right, I think we are focusing on the trend well and focusing on expanding distribution and 
maintaining more importantly a high market share in Qcom. So, we are excited about the time. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Understood. So, better market strategy is helping us to target specific pockets of the region? 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Ishaan Bector: 
Yes. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Understood. My second question is that what is the current contribution of e-commerce and 
modern trade channels to overall revenue? And how do you see this evolving in the next few 
years for the Bakery as well as the Biscuits Segment? 
Ishaan Bector: 
So, for the Bakery, it's about 30% our contribution of modern trade and e-commerce, quick 
commerce. What we are seeing is that this contribution stood and will go up higher as expansion 
of these segments, quick commerce becomes deeper into tier 2 cities as well. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Understood. And lastly, on exports, how are we navigating geopolitical disruption in the export 
markets, especially given our presence in more than 70 countries? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, we are not facing any concerns other than the US market. So, otherwise, business is as 
normal. But what has happened is that with a lot of US disruptions going on, final deadline, a 
lot of shipping, transportation has been moving in and out to other countries. So, that was one 
disruption. Otherwise, other than the US, we don't foresee anything coming back, anything other 
than the US. Everything else stands normal to us. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi team, thank you for taking my questions. Ishaan, starting from the Bakery business, can you 
break down this 19% in terms of volume and value? 
Ishaan Bector: 
So, growth for us in Bakery this quarter has, I would say, 65% has been a volume led and the 
balance being value. A large factor of this is also focus more on premiumization, right? So, as 
the QCom mix has improved, our listings on QCom are of the premium category, which also 
helps increase our premiumization mix. So, it's been largely volume driven followed by that. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So, is it primarily driven by the new product in the Bread segment, the growth will be 
significantly higher than the overall? 
Anoop Bector: 
No, firstly, it's not. So, a lot of our products have also become revamped, right? So, it's not like 
we have introduced many new products. It has been re-engineering of existing products to make 
them healthier. I think that has worked, right? And Nature Bake as a brand has just been launched 
a month ago. We are getting a good response for it. I think it is just the start of Nature Bake. So, 
it's largely been through existing products rather than new products, re-engineering of existing 
products as a better product for the customer. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Manu Talwar: 
As Ishaan explained it earlier, so, there are two things to that. Quick Commerce, we are the kind 
of leader there. So, our share in Quick Commerce is the Head of the GT channel and the 
transition of consumers from GT to e-commerce and e-commerce growing very exponentially 
is helping us and drive our overall growth. The growth territory where we have been investing 
which was outside NCR, which is whether it's a UP or Haryana or Rajasthan and now Punjab or 
Bombay is something which continues to be growth engines for us and will only increase in 
terms of growth trajectory over the coming years. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Manu sir, thank you for that. It's really helpful. But just one follow-up. Nature Bake, what 
price premium you are charging at this time? 
Manu Talwar: 
What? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Price premium you are charging to your other maida breads? 
Ishaan Bector: 
So, price, definitely, the whole wheat category is the multi-grain category. Our price is more 
expensive, also have higher gross margins for us, you know, than white Bread. And we are, very 
conscious of the fact that, in fact, a very big KPI for us in our organization is also premiumization 
as a percentage of sales and we continue to track that to and how we can improve it. As far as 
premiumization in the market as compared to competitors, we don't really, we are very well 
benchmarked to competition in terms of price. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes, but towards our portfolio, is it at least 10% premium? 
Ishaan Bector: 
As compared to competition? 
Shirish pardeshi:                  Our Portfolio? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, our realization of our mix on a per piece basis is much ahead of our competition, right? So, 
the question which you're asking that our premiumization percentage compared to our 
competition is much ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My last follow up on the Bakery, what is the distribution you have for the retail coverage 
for Bakery? 
Ishaan Bector: 
In terms of number of outlets? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. And what is the plan to grow over the next one year? I mean, are you trying to look at any 
new markets? 
Ishaan Bector: 
See, we are definitely looking at new markets. For us, even Punjab is a new market. I mean, at 
the present in Punjab, our distribution is quite limited. Even let's say the top 14 cities, right, we 
are seeing month on month improvement in all geographies. For us, Mumbai, as new plant comes 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
up, it's going to be a priority market where we are going to see, our quality significantly ramp 
up. In fact, our newest plant, which is a fully automatic plant, which is going to be coming in, is 
also going to help in Nature Bake as a category. As you know, we are moving more towards 
preservative free Bread, automation is going to definitely help us, and I think it's an investment 
in the right direction. Calcutta is going to be coming up, which primarily we will first be looking 
at as a new market. So that will be our entry into the East, which we look forward to this year. 
And yes, so this is what we are going to be doing. We are also going to be looking at adding at 
least one metropolitan city this year through a co-packing arrangement. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second and last question, we acquired Cremica facility and even brand. Is there any 
progress you can say or is there any update you have at this time? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes. So yes, Cremica brand, which we had acquired and we will be starting a journey with, 
adopting the Cremica brand in this particular quarter, the quarter we are in. And then we will 
build up, right? So we obviously have the first step in terms of using a Cremica brand, which 
will be executed in this quarter and then build it up from there onwards. So in terms of using 
Cremica on Bakery or not on Bakery side is something what we are into now over the next 4 to 
6 months is. We are going to be investing in terms of research on our brands, where do our 
brands stay, what are our way forward on brands, right? And it's post that we would be more 
clear in terms of how do we take our brands forward. Where do we fit in the Cremica brand, 
which we acquired? But in terms of start using the brand in one of the segments is something 
which we will be executing in this quarter. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes, I understand that, Manu sir, but I was just trying to, I am more curious because having seen 
the Cremica brand very strong presence in the Punjab and Haryana market, are you going to start 
it with the Bread segment? 
Manu Talwar: 
So that's why I said whether to use this brand on the Bread side or not, it's something we are 
investing in the research on the brand and the brand way forward, which will take about four to 
five months' time. And while we take a decision, because these are very serious long-term 
decisions, right? And so as we are instituting this investment in study and consulting is only post 
that after 4-5 months, we will take a call in terms of way forward. But yes, in terms of using 
Cremica brand in one of the categories, where we are not using it yet, we will be initiating that 
in this quarter. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. All right. And thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Prajapati from Ambit Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Prajapati: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. I want to understand the domestic biscuit market share. Are we able to 
maintain the market share in last one year and what is our current market share? And the second 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
question is on a distribution network side. What is our current distribution network on the biscuit 
side? And are we able to add any distribution network in the current quarter? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, Prajapati, first thing is, yes, we have been able to retain our market share over the last 1-1.5 
year when it has been highly, intensely competitive. And our market share in North India, where 
we are primarily present is over 4%, right? It is through our distribution, through our execution 
in the marketplace and supported by marketing, we have been able to, we have been able to kind 
of retain our market share, right, in Northern India, in our domestic biscuit business, right? And 
in terms of your second question, which was on distribution. In terms of distribution side, I want 
to clarify one thing that we continue to have build outlet over Rs. 200 a month, over 3 lakh 
outlets every month. So, that continues our direct reach is over 5 lakh outlets. And as per AC 
Nielsen, we are available in over 7 lakh outlets there. What we are following is to give more 
weightage to our weighted outlets, right? And these weighted outlets are Cremica preferred 
outlets, which are more premium and more kind of growth, they are delivering us higher growth. 
Second thing which we are focusing on domestic biscuit is to bring the success like we brought 
on English Oven on the e-comm side. So, quick commerce side is something which we are 
investing and driving because our objective of distribution is to reach more consumers. And 
today, e-commerce, as we have seen in English Oven is helping reach more consumers and 
customers, right. So, there's a lot of effort which is going on a quick commerce side and the 
Quarter 1, we had a very good growth on quick commerce side. So, we are very confident that 
over the next 4 to 6 quarters, we should be able to move quick commerce contribution, which 
was just about 1% to almost 4% to 5%, right, as a percentage of domestic business revenue, and 
it's moving in that direction. So, this is how I would define that how we are driving distribution, 
right, in terms of consumer reach for domestic biscuit business. 
Pratik Prajapati: 
So, just to follow up on this, just want to understand, so you are more focusing on the e-
commerce and quick commerce rather than more focusing on the GT and the MT side? 
Manu Talwar: 
Okay, I will again clarify to you, what we are focusing is that our consumer reach goes up. And 
today, consumers are more shifting from GT to quick commerce. That's clear trend we have seen 
in English Oven and that strategy of ours has paid us very, very well in English Oven. So, we 
are investing more on quick commerce and high weighted outlets of GT channel with whom we 
call Cremica preferred outlets. These Cremica preferred outlets contribute more than 15% of our 
revenue of the GT channel, and they are growing much higher and they have much higher 
premiumization in these outlets. And beyond that, we are focusing more in terms of driving 
growth in the top 25 towns or cities. So, this is a triangular strategy in terms of reaching more 
consumers, more premium consumers, as well as driving the growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Investments. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Vivek Gupta: 
So, my first question is regarding the input cost. I mean, they have remained elevated. So, what 
steps are being taken to optimize procurement or rather improve operational efficiency? 
Anoop Bector: 
So, overall, we saw last year as a year where inflationary trends in commodities, especially 
wheat, palm, palm oil or oil and cocoa had gone up substantially. And then there has been a 
relief where government has given, has cut down on duties which has given the much needed 
relief. So, on our strategy, we look at especially on the wheat front where we do long-term 
hedging and palm oil is looking more subdued than last year. And cocoa prices, we are seeing, 
going forward, the futures are looking better than last year. So, that is where we are on the three-
commodity side. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. So, my second question was regarding. So, on the advertising side strategy, are we looking 
to onboard or resign our current brand ambassadors again? Also, are we focusing more on 
influencer engagement side or how is it? 
Manu Talwar: 
As far as brand ambassador, we are in the process of evaluating that. We are forward on that. 
We continue to invest behind our brands and even in this quarter, we have upped our investment 
on brands versus previous quarter, both English Oven and Cremica. So, our journey to invest 
behind brands, which we strengthened over the last 2-3 years, it continues to kind of move in 
that direction. And so that we have also upped our investment in this quarter versus last quarter 
on behind our English Oven and Cremica brand. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. That was from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question on the EBITDA margins, you highlighted that 
we will go back to 14% by second quarter. So, would it be largely driven by improvement in 
gross margin? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, yes, it will be driven by both improvement in gross margin as well as the efficiencies in the 
cost below that. It would be both. And that's all will happen and also the scale, the revenue 
growth. So, three things. Revenue growth, bringing a scale, which will give a more better 
leverage of fixed cost, the improvement in value of gross margin. And third is bringing more 
efficiency in cost as a percentage. 
Akhil Parekh: 
It's ideally because two more plants are yet to be commissioned, right? In Q3 and Q4? So, there 
will be a lot of upfront costs and sales will come through probably in FY'27 and '28 as they ramp 
up. So, isn't it a fair assumption that even though we may see improvement in margins led by 
gross level, but probably the other expenses and employee costs also will remain at elevated 
level till the time the other two plans ramp up next year? 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes. So, there will be some stabilization cost in terms of fixed cost of manpower and other 
expenses while these plants stabilize. Dhar plant came up in May. So, it's getting stabilized in 
this quarter. It will get stabilized. Calcutta is a very small plant. But yes, in terms of that plant 
starts delivering better revenues will take a few months. So, we will have some amount of fixed 
cost to bear for first few months by the time we start building the revenues, which primarily will 
happen in the next financial year. As far as Bombay plant is concerned, it will come up in two 
phases. The first phase will come up in Q3 of this financial year and second phase will come 
towards the end of the Q4. Yes, there will be some stabilization cost, which would be there, 
which will be able to leverage better in the next financial year. 
Akhil Parekh: 
So, but despite that, you're saying we should be able to reach 14% in 2Q and hopefully it will 
improve from there on in FY'27 as well? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes, that's our endeavor. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And sir, second and last question is on the Biscuits Segment. If you can just provide 
channel-wise sales mix in the Biscuits Segment? 
Manu Talwar: 
On domestic biscuit? 
Akhil Parekh: 
Yes. 
Manu Talwar: 
So, you know, there are two large channels and there are other channels. In the two large 
channels, our general trade kind of contributes over 70% and modern trade e-comm combined 
contributes around 9%-10%. So, that's broadly I can share at this point of time. And then there 
are other channels which are there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunidhi Joshi from KP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sunidhi Joshi: 
I just wanted to understand the key reasons behind this margin compression and how you plan 
to address it going forward? 
Manu Talwar: 
You wanted to understand the reason of margin dilution, right? 
Anoop Bectorr: 
Yes, compression. 
Manu Talwar: 
You see, margin dilution primarily happened because of the steep increase in commodity prices 
December onwards. But we gradually started taking the price increase on a domestic biscuit side. 
We are true with price increases and the full impact of that is being visible in the Quarter 2. As 
far as exports are concerned, we have spoken to customers and work on cost optimization. But 
we have not been able to pass on the entire part of the cost because our customers are already 
under pressure because of logistic costs and the local benchmark products available. How will 
we improve the margin now onwards is that as I told you that on a domestic side of the biscuit 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
business, we have taken now all the price increases, the full impact of that is being visible in 
this. The revenue leverage or revenue growth would help. And Quarter 1 also there is one reason 
of margin getting impacted was our business mix and the business mix of exports being impacted 
more in the Quarter 1, which is being corrected in Quarter 2, will also help us to move towards 
a targeted 14% EBITDA margin. So, these are the two things. And third is that we are running 
a cost improvement program, which is called Impact, and that helps us leveraging on the cost 
side and impact positively on the EBITDA margins. 
Sunidhi Joshi: 
Understood. And are there any new product launches or brand extensions planned for the 
upcoming quarters that you see could drive incremental growth? 
Manu Talwar: 
Yes. As Ishaan was briefing you, we just launched Nature Bake on the Bakery side, where we 
are investing behind that brand and we want to kind of make it clean labor health-related brand. 
In terms of Biscuits, we have clearly decided on a domestic biscuit side that we would create 
differentiated products. So, we are clearly taking a route of differentiated products to be 
launched. And so, what we launched was a shortbread, which kind of had been launched on a 
quick commerce and has seen very good customer response. And then we have launched for the 
kids, which is on the cracker side. And these are the mini crackers, which is again, we are 
building it up. And we again launched on the coconut, which is one of our leading categories, 
our leading variety. We have launched a coconut with zero maida, which has again shown a very 
positive response in the market. And so, animal cracker for kids, shortbread, which is again a 
no-palm oil product, and the coconut. These are the three products which we have kind of 
launched in the previous quarter. Yes, there are some more launches which have been lined up 
in this quarter and next quarter. I would not like to share this. I would also like to highlight as 
our Dhar plant has been commissioned and Dhar plant comes with a manufacturing capability 
of rolling out some of the very differentiated products. We won't be kind of sharing this on this 
call being confidential, but yes, in the coming months, you would be able to see some of those 
exciting differentiated products being further launched. So yes, a very global journey which has 
been planned on our new product side, which some of them have been launched and which will 
be build up. And there are some of them being planned in the Quarter 2 and Quarter 3 of this 
financial year. 
Sunidhi Joshi: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Shah from Equirius Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronak Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is regarding the competitive intensity. So how 
you are seeing the competition from both from the legacy players as well as the unorganized 
small regional players? 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Manu Talwar: 
Competition intensity continues to be high. It has not reduced for the last 18 months. Rather, if 
you would have heard the investor call just about 10 days back of the largest player in the 
industry there and we had clearly reflected on the high intensity, the regional intensity which is 
there. So intensity continues to be probably I would say at the same level. Our confidence 
continues to come through our distribution, execution, e-commerce focus and launching 
differentiated products so that we can build it over a period of time, right? And expanding 
through new products. So these are the few actions which we are building and strengthening in 
terms of build up. And that approach also remains on the English Oven side as much as on the 
Cremica biscuit side. 
Ronak Shah: 
And sir, just to add on to that. So have we increased our ATL and BTL spends or how we are 
competing in terms of the execution and all? 
Manu Talwar: 
So as far as BTL spends are concerned, we are able to get efficiency. So what we have done over 
the last 9-10 months, we have been able to launch. We had an SFA which was helping us in 
terms of tracking, driving productivity efficiency. But now we have rolled out Botree DMS with 
almost 600 of our distributors. And here we are able to do a better secondary management, better 
scheme management and claim management. And we will also have a visibility of the inventory 
and the stock outs. So through the DMS, we are able to build and we have started to build 
efficiency on the BTL side. On the ATL side, on the marketing side, we continue to invest behind 
our brand. Digital continues to remain as a large platform to drive consumer connect alongside 
outdoor and a bit of a television media. 
Ronak Shah: 
Okay, sir. Second question is regarding the margin. So, as you highlighted that the two capacities 
which are going to ramp up and it will take some time to stabilize that. So, how are you seeing 
the margin profile in next 1.5 to 2 years? 
Manu Talwar: 
As I said, the first step for us after this commodity price impacted our margin was to get back to 
our margins. And then, continue to maintain those margins on a consistent basis. But the long 
term endeavor is very clear that we are a Company which is equifocus on the revenue growth 
and margin growth. And that's what we have demonstrated over the past few years. So endeavor 
will be to also keep strengthening and growing up EBITDA margins alongside, growing our 
revenues. 
Ronak Shah: 
Okay. So, sir, can we expect around 15% to 16% kind of range in FY'27-'28 with all these 
initiatives and the efforts? 
Manu Talwar: 
I won't quote the number on that because we also need to invest behind our growth. But yes, we 
will continue to build our margins in the next financial year. 
Ronak Shah: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. 

 
Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Mehta from Green Edge Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Resham Mehta: 
Thanks for the follow up. Just one question. So, since you called out that one reason for the 
impact on margins was also the lower revenues from biscuit exports. So, can you just spell out 
what is the difference in margins between domestic biscuit business and the export business? 
The overall domestic business and the export business? 
Manu Talwar: 
So, we don't share margins separately. But only thing I can tell you, domestic biscuit business 
margin is below our average EBITDA margin and export is above that. 
Resham Mehta: 
Any differential that you want to call out? I mean, not... 
Manu Talwar: 
No, as of now, we don't call out that. 
Resham Mehta: 
Fair. All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anoop Bector for closing comments. 
Anoop Bector: 
Thank you everyone for joining us. I hope we have been able to answer all your queries. In case 
you require any further details, you may please contact us or MUFGs Intime, our investor 
relation partner. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mrs. Bectors Food Specialities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
