 
 
 
Date: July 29, 2025 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: SYRMA 
 
Department of Corporate Service 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543573 
Subject: Earnings Call transcript of the Investor Conference held for the unaudited Financial 
Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript in respect to the Earning Conference Call on the unaudited 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, held 
on Thursday, July 24, 2025, at 10:30 AM (IST).  
 
The transcript of the conference call will also be accessed at the website of the Company at 
https://www.syrmasgs.com/investor-relations/.   
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
For Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
 
 
 
 
Komal Malik  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: F6430 
Place: Gurgaon  
 
 
ENCL: as above. 
 
Komal 
Malik
Digitally signed by Komal Malik 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7041, 
2.5.4.20=3e8fa6985b3dd66edd2e0bb2ddd1e850ab2f16ece
9d3090638c7bacaf5f96033, postalCode=121001, 
st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=87d2e458e0af9048e1576dba78de477134ca
756644dbf86c6fd01faf7a0b793e, cn=Komal Malik 
Date: 2025.07.29 18:37:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Syrma SGS Technology Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. S. GUJRAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, SYRMA 
SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. JAYESH DOSHI – DIRECTOR, SYRMA SGS 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. SATENDRA SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. BIJAY AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL GUPTA – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS), 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ACHAL LOHADE – NUVAMA INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Syrma SGS Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Nuvama Institutional Equities.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mr. Achal Lohade. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Lohade. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, we welcome 
you all to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call of Syrma SGS. 
Today, we have with us the Senior Management Team of Syrma SGS. I will now hand over the 
call to Nikhil to take the call forward. Over to you, Nikhil. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you, Achal. Hi, very good morning to you all. Welcome to Syrma SGS Quarter 1 
Financial Year 2026 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today Mr. J.S. Gujral – Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Doshi – Director; Mr. 
Satendra Singh – Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Bijay Agrawal – Chief Financial Officer, 
Syrma SGS, to discuss the performance of the Company during the first quarter of the Financial 
Year 2026, followed by a detailed question-and-answer session. 
During this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involve several 
risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that can cause results to differ materially from 
those in such forward-looking statements. We request you to kindly refer to the disclaimer 
statements as presented in the earnings release for the same.  
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. J.S. Gujral – Managing Director, for his opening 
remarks on the performance. Thank you. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Thank you, Nikhil. A warm welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Q1 FY '26 Earning Call of 
Syrma SGS. 
It is my pleasure to share with you that the quarter gone by has been a good quarter and all the 
vital parameters of the Company have shown significant positive improvement. Our EBITDA 
margins are up from 5.2% of Q1 last year to over 10% in this year. My gross material margin is 
also up from 15% to 24%. 
Now, if we see on a landscape of two-year period, which we normally look at and we don't focus 
on quarter-to-quarter, what do we see? We see a revenue growth of 25%, an EBITDA growth of 
50%, PBT growth of 27%, and a PAT growth of 32%. 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
So, the recalibration of the strategies which the management consciously started executing from 
Q2 of last year has panned out as we had planned. And we now believe that we are on that cusp 
of growth and encashing on this platform which we have built over the last four quarters. 
It is also very heartening to note that my exports during this quarter have gone up from 180 of 
Q1 FY '25 to 232 in Q1 of FY '26, registering a 29% growth. This, despite the looming 
uncertainty of the tariffs, was being raised by the U.S. government. So, as things pan out and 
settle down, I am very confident that going forward, we would be able to grow on the solid 
platform which we have built now.  
I am also happy to share with you that we have entered into a joint venture agreement for 
manufacturing of PCBs. The PCB industry in India, in our considered opinion, is ripe for entry 
of organized players. 
The market is estimated at about $5 billion, 90% of which is imported, approximately, and only 
10% is made in India. Out of that 10%, 30% is contributed by one single Company, another 40% 
by 8 or 9 other organized companies, 10 companies, and balance 30% are in the unorganized 
sector, the small-scale industry sector. 
We believe there is a vacuum for an organized player to come in. And we have decided to come 
in with a very strong technology partner to encash in on the emerging requirements of PCBs in 
India. These are being facilitated by anti-dumping duties and the PLI scheme. So, I believe that 
we have exciting times ahead in this particular vertical. 
We are now manufacturing large format box build products for exports and for Indian market. 
And we have added a significant number of customers, which give us confidence that the growth 
in the coming quarter will be more than what we have thus far seen. 
Another very qualitative improvement is that the high margin verticals of automotive, industrial 
have all shown significant growth. Automotive in Q1 of last year accounted for 16%. This year 
it accounts for about 24%. Industrial in Q1 of last year was 19%. This year it is about 30%. And 
significantly, Consumer, which is a low-margin business, has shown a planned decline from 
53% to 34% of my revenue. Healthcare has also shown a bump from 5% to 7%. IT and Railways 
is a bit muted, but we expect this to pick up in the coming quarters. 
On an overall basis, I think it has been a satisfying quarter. And there is a catch-up in the revenue. 
We are very confident that we will be able to do it in the remaining three quarters so that we are 
able to meet the guidance shared with you. 
Thank you very much. And I now hand you over to Bijay for a detailed build-on on the financial 
numbers. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Thank you, Mr. Gujral. Good morning, everyone. I will now take you through the brief financial 
performance for the quarter ending June 2025. 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Starting with the revenue numbers, our consolidated total revenue for the quarter is 
approximately Rs. 960-odd crores as against Rs. 947 crores in the previous quarter. We have 
been able to see good demand growth in the Auto and Industrial segments, primarily from a 
year-on-year basis. 
The growth has been contributed through strong demand across multiple sectors also. Our export 
revenue for the quarter is approximately Rs. 233 crores, which is again 25% of our total operating 
revenue for the quarter. Our ODM revenue for the quarter is about 12-odd percent. 
Coming to gross margin: 
The gross margin for the quarter is 25%, as against 15.5% for the Q1 of last year. The margin 
improvement is mainly led by healthy business mix, lower consumer and IT business, which is 
relatively lower margin business, and again, our continuous efforts on operational efficiencies 
improvement. 
The operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at healthy Rs. 96 odd crores with a year-on-year 
growth of 75% and an operating EBITDA margin of 10%.  
Coming to PBT for the quarter: 
It is Rs. 67.1 crores, again strong year-on-year growth 128% with a PBT margin of 7%. Our 
PAT for the quarter is Rs. 50 crores, 145% year-on-year growth versus Q1 of last year with a 
PAT margin of 5%. 
Coming to our working capital performance: 
For the quarter, we are currently at 69 days of net working capital days investment, which is 
largely same as the position it was there one quarter back also. But again, there is a continuous 
internal focus on reduction of the net working capital days, and we are confident of reducing or 
maybe bringing it below 65 days in the next few quarters. 
Moving to our net debt position: 
We have a total gross debt of approximately Rs. 780 crores. As against the same, we also hold 
a healthy treasury balance of Rs. 467 crores. With this, my net debt position as on 30th June 
2025 is Rs. 314 crores. During this quarter, we have spent approximately Rs. 35 crores of 
CAPEX towards stuffing of plant and machineries into my existing facilities largely.  
Coming to ROCE performance for the quarter: 
This is around 14.5% when we calculate on the adjusted basis and the adjustments are primarily 
IPO unutilized money and the goodwill. We expect this to further improve over the year as we 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
expect a higher capacity utilization or maybe the revenue growth as Mr. Gujral has also guided 
during the all. 
Once again, we reiterate the fact that we continue to focus on high-margin verticals, operational 
efficiency, overall cash flow improvement, and net working capital improvement. And with this, 
we are very much confident on delivering the guidance which we have been given so far.  
With this, thank you very much. I will hand over this call to Mr. Satendra Singh now. 
Satendra Singh: 
Thank you, Bijay. And thank you, Gujral Ji. But most importantly, thank you to all our customers 
who have posed their trust in us over the last several decades. We are looking forward to serving 
you day after day, quarter after quarter, and year after year. And thanks to my colleagues as well 
who are working every day to ensure that the demands of our customers are satisfied. 
 
As you heard from Gujralji and Bijay, we have made very, very strong progress. The results 
speak to the fact that our strategy, which we built over the last couple of years, has been the right 
one. And the results are in line with our strategy. 
 
The focus from our perspective is customers, obsessed with the customers. We are listening to 
our customers every day. We are adapting our processes. We are adapting our capability and 
ensuring that we are ready for our customers' requirements before the requirements come to us.  
 
We are continuously investing in our people. Leadership team is built already. We have been 
working through our processes, which we have improved over the last 18 to 24 months. And we 
continue to build capacity. As we speak, we have Bangalore plant under construction, which we 
have talked about in last quarter as well. And it is in line. It will go on stream end of this year, 
early next year, calendar year.  
 
In terms of business strategy, I think you already heard about one comment that we are 
recalibrating our business mix. And we are seeing strong growth in the segments which are our 
focus, which is auto and industrial, as well as on exports. 
 
All in all, I think a very good quarter. And with the efforts we have made, with the processes we 
have set, with the capabilities we have in our team, I am looking forward to exciting times ahead 
and serving our customers to the best of our ability and to their expectations, in the end, 
delighting them.  
 
Thank you, everyone. And back to you, Nikhil.  
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you, Satendra. Renju, we are open for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Ankur with HDFC Life. Please go ahead.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Ankur: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Thanks for your time as always. A few questions. One, if you could just 
help me with the order book as of end Q1 '26 and also the mix within that order book, the context 
being just trying to understand the share of industrial, auto, etc. And therefore, trying to get a 
sense of how the new journey will pan out over 26 months.  
J.S. Gujral: 
So, the order book position as on quarter end June '25 is approximately Rs. 5,400 crores to Rs. 
5,500 crores. Of which, if I give you the breakup, auto segment comprises 35% to 40%. 
Consumer segment is 25% to 27%, as of now. Industrial is again 25%-27%. Healthcare is 6% to 
8%, which includes med tech business also. And balance is IT and Railways. 
Ankur: 
That's helpful. And if you could just help us again with your guidance for the full year, both on 
top line and also on margin. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Top line side, we are expecting we should be again get a good growth of 30%-35% over the 
previous year numbers. And margin, somewhere we are saying it should be somewhere in the 
range of 8.5% to 9%. EBITDA margin, operating EBITDA margin is what we are saying. 
Ankur: 
That is excluding other income, right? So, this is the operating margin.  
J.S. Gujral: 
Excluding other income, but it should include my earnings, foreign exchange impact whether 
gain or loss, both.  
Ankur: 
Thirdly, sir, just on the consumer business and we are seeing clear positive signs of the way you 
are kind of trying to restrict growth there. But still, even in Q1, it is still sizable, right? Almost 
30%, 35% of overall mix. So, do you believe in absolute terms you did about Rs. 320 crores. So, 
is this where it kind of stays and gets better? Or do you think, while in percentage terms, it may 
come lower? So, just trying to understand from a full-year perspective and also how you see the 
consumer business kind of shaping up. 
J.S. Gujral: 
You see, we have guided in the FY ‘25 Q4 Earning Call that our endeavor would be to bring 
down the consumer sort of vertical business to 30% of the total revenue. And on an annualized 
basis, we believe that we are on track to achieve that. 
 
So, this consumer vertical, when we classify, it includes a low margin, high volume, as well as 
my ODM, which is high margin and low volume. So, we believe that going forward, 33 quarter-
on-quarter, it could be 1%, 2% here and there, but on an annualized basis, we are confident that 
we should be able to achieve the 30% mark which we have set out for us at the beginning of the 
year. 
 
And if my own ODM high-margin, low-volume consumer business picks up, so be it. It is a 
margin-accretive business. What we are concentrating on is to bring down the low-margin, high-
volume consumer business within this particular bucket.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Ankur: 
And just one last bit, on the PCB manufacturing JV that we have proposed and we have to set 
up, if you could just give us more details, whatever you can share in terms of CAPEX, by when 
do you expect this plant to come up, what kind of sales, margins, ROEs you believe could be 
made. Also on the customer side, whatever details you can share would be very helpful there.  
J.S. Gujral: 
You see, we have planned out this PCB plant, which would be a multi-layer and single-layer 
plant, with a capacity of about, once it is fully set up, about 1.5 to 2 million square meters per 
annum. The CAPEX plan in Phase-1, which will be spent not in a bullet way, but over the next 
three to four years, is $91 million. 
 
PCB business typically is a positive 15%, 12% to 15% EBITDA margin business. We believe 
that with the world-class plant and a high-technology plant, we would be able to drive yield 
efficiencies which would enable us to achieve these EBITDA margins. 
 
In PCB, the yield, because it is a chemical process, are very, very critical. And we have a very 
solid technology partner. I think the beauty of this venture is that we have a very solid technology 
partner, which will help us to address a very huge potential domestic demand, which is not 
available anyplace outside China. If we scan the world, the PCB demand, other than China, is 
all limited.  
 
So, India offers a virgin currency. And if we have a solid technology partner, it opens up great 
whispers of growth for the coming years. So, $91 million is approximately CAPEX. And this 
will be entitled to a PLI. EBITDA margin 15%-18% once the whole process is stabilized and 
once we move into the higher layer margin business, because here also as the layers go up, the 
margin also goes up. 
 
So, we expect that once the plant is matured, we should be able to earn a 20%, 18%, 20%, 20% 
EBITDA margin, and the ROCE of about the same percentage around 20%. And this CAPEX is 
also entitled to state government subsidies, which are under negotiation, which could vary from 
35%, 40% to 60% of the CAPEX. These will not be bullet payments. These will be payments 
staggered as we execute the project. And because there is some form of GST fund and there is 
electricity subsidy and all those things, employment subsidy and all those things.  
 
But even if on a conservative basis, we say we get about a 40% subsidy, so about 90 million, so 
36 million will be subsidized by the potential states who are wanting to get this project in their 
state and balance 60% will be by us. If we get 60%, it will be 40%. So, we are taking it on a 
conservative basis. Bijay, anything you want to add. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
And there will be at least two components PLI driven benefits which is revenue benefits that 
will be over and all. But the margins which you are expecting, that should improve all the 
benefits.  
Ankur: 
And typically, 1x asset turns is what we should build in, right, once the plant is fully utilized?  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
J.S. Gujral: 
Depends upon which kind of product which we are manufacturing here. Asset turns, we expect 
it should vary somewhere between 1.2x to 2x.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Kishore Kumar with Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Sir, good morning, and thanks for the opportunity. I just have a small query on the JV. What is 
the timeline that we are looking at it?  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Speak a little louder, please.  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, he was asking timeline.  
Kishore Kumar: 
What is the timeline? Yes, sir. Timeline, yes.  
J.S. Gujral: 
So, the JV agreement has been signed. The application has been filed with the central 
government for the PLI scheme. And we understand the terminal date for the PLI application is 
31st July. And in the month of August, these applications will be taken up for scrutiny and 
approval. So, assuming we expect the approval to come in somewhere in August or September, 
we have already applied to the various, in talks with the various state governments.  
So, during the period when the application is being scrutinized, PLI application, we expect to 
get approvals from the state government with the final set of incentives. Potential lands have 
been identified at a couple of places. So, I think by about Q2, end of Q2, by September '25, we 
should be in a position to sort of start the execution of the project. 
These intervening periods of approximately 45 odd days, we will also use for making our 
blueprint drawings and all those back-end work so that we don't lose time once we get the 
approval through the government.  
The project on an aggressive basis should go on stream somewhere around Diwali next year on 
a conservative basis between Q4 of FY '26 or end of December FY '26, yes.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Q4 of FY '27.  
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
The commercial production we expect it should start sometime towards Q4 of FY '27 or first 
quarter of FY '28.  
J.S. Gujral: 
So, 18 months, 18, 20 months, 21 months is what we are targeting for the whole thing.  
Moderator: 
Mr. Kumar, please go ahead. Since there is no reply from the line of Mr. Kumar, we will take 
the next. That is Mr. Uttam Kumar from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Uttam Kumar: 
Sir, two questions from my end. Firstly, on the gross margins, we are seeing that the gross 
margins have improved because of the consumer business mix going down. At the same time, 
we would also like to understand, are we seeing some kind of a margin shaping up upwards 
when it comes to automotive and industrial category? Are there any cost of mix which is 
happening? Is the gross margin trending higher? Or is there any scope for the mix to increase 
going forward in these two verticals?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, in the automotive sector, the margins vary if we are a Tier 1 supplier or a Tier 2 supplier 
vendor. And in EV space, we are primarily a Tier 1 supplier, which gives us incremental margins. 
The margin profile over the coming quarters and years would improve apart from the above two 
factors by more efficient, more cost-effective purchasing. As our purchase spend goes up, we 
should be able to negotiate better prices. That is number one.  
 
In the Industrial segment, the margins are higher in exports, lower in domestic. But by and large, 
they are much better than the Consumer. And we have not seen any depreciation of margins in 
each of the verticals. Only we have seen improvements. And we don't expect them to depreciate 
in the coming quarters and years. 
Uttam Kumar: 
So, the second question is on exports. So, could you give us more flavor on, again, one you said 
Industrial category is where we are doing exports. Is there any other category where we are 
seeing traction? And which are the geographies which are doing well including U.S. and other 
geographies? Can you give some mix split and where we can see traction improving going 
forward? And eventually over the next 2 to 3 years, where can we look at this export mix been 
for the Company?  
J.S. Gujral: 
Exports we are probably doing to Western Europe and USA. Mix, I think, Bijay will share 
between the two geographies. But on an overall basis, if we see, neither Western Europe nor 
America is growing at the pace at which our exports have grown, which is about 22%, I think, 
in Q1 at Rs. 233 crores. They are in line. 
 
The tariffs uncertainty is definitely holding back customers from releasing large orders. 
Hopefully, within this quarter, between now and September, this uncertainty won't sort of be a 
thing of the past. And then we can expect more aggressive stance from our customers for going 
ahead with purchasing from India or other countries.  
 
Currently, they are slightly holding back because they don't know what the tariff thing will pan 
out. But by all discussions with the Chambers of Commerce and general thing, we don't believe 
that India will be placed at a disadvantage compared to its competing countries. At worst, it 
could be at par, but we expect that India will be favorably placed compared to the competing 
countries.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Our export to U.S. is somewhere between 5.5% to 6%. And rest is all Europe plus other regions 
there. That is the broader mix. And on the expectation side, again, we have guided we should be 
doing about 24% to 27% of exports. And for the quarter, it is about 24.5% as of now.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
J.S. Gujral: 
So, in line with our annual budgets and targets.  
Uttam Kumar: 
I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pranjal with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Pranjal: 
Thanks for taking my question. And I have two questions on the bare board PCB manufacturing 
that we are foraying into. One is, if you could add more color in terms of the capability of the 
tech partner right now that we are dealing with and what is their ballpark mix in terms of the end 
applications. And number two would be what working capital cycle do we expect in the PCB 
manufacturing?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, as far as the industries to be serviced by us, we would be venturing into multi-layer, double-
layer PCBs, and these would find application in industrial, automotive, consumer also. We are 
currently not venturing into HDI flex PCBs, so mobile phones and all that. We would not be sort 
of tapping to it in the current phase.  
 
As far as the technology competence of the partner is concerned, it is one of the oldest companies 
in Korea, and they have a deep domain expertise of more than 3.5 decades in PCB 
manufacturing. And if we go to the PCB manufacturing per se, it is the process control, which 
is the most critical factor. And in process control, it is the inputs, which are the chemicals, the 
substrates, and other things which go, which have to be of top-class quality with min variation 
in parameters. Rest, we will be putting a world-class plant with the latest equipment. And these 
equipments are very, very rugged. 
 
Once you set the process, it really doesn't change. If you control the process chemicals which go 
into it, if you control the environment which goes into it, then it becomes a comparatively, I 
won't call it an easy ride, but comparatively comfortable ride. The inputs and the parameters are 
more critical and the machines are capable of delivering the desired output. So, I don't see any 
challenge in meeting these requirements.  
 
And our technical partner, the collaborator, would also give us access to his existing customer 
logos which he is servicing out of Korea. So, if he is servicing a Company X in Korea, and that 
Company also has a manufacturing operation in India, we sort of get a door opening, and then 
we have to only ensure that our process capabilities meet its requirements. So, we are very 
confident on that, and we don't see a challenge on that.  
 
On the working capital requirement, I will hand it over to Bijay.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
So, working capital side, we expect initially the investment could be in the range of 60 to 75 
days of net working capital investment for this business.  
Pranjal: 
That is helpful. And one last question in terms of is there any change in terms of the guidance 
we would have for our CAPEX for this year and next year in the EMS business?  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Bijay Agrawal: 
In the EMS, yes, the guidance remains same. Full-year CAPEX should be less than Rs. 100 odd 
crores for this year.  
Pranjal: 
That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bhavik Mehta with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Just one question. If I look at your revenue guidance of 30%-25% for full year and with 
consumers slowing down from 36% of share to 30% share, it means that the rest of the business 
has to really grow at more like 40% and we haven't seen that kind of growth ex-Consumer in 
1Q. So, what gives us confidence that we can see the growth accelerating to 40% over the next 
3 quarters? Do we have that order book already in the bag from a visibility perspective? 
J.S. Gujral: 
We have confidence based on the order book and the discussions which we have had with our 
customers. When you recalibrate a strategy, in EMS business, it is not a fast food joint reaction 
that we dispense in one business, and the next business comes immediately. We have to work 
on it. And what working we have been doing for the last four quarters on it would start yielding 
results in the coming quarters. We are very confident of achieving our revenues, especially on 
the EBITDA margin.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Also, if you see the order book breakup, which we have already given here, you can see the Auto 
segment composition in the order book is about 35% plus. While the current Auto segment in 
the Quarter 1 actual revenue is 24% here. So, you can see we are expecting the Auto sector 
should grow at a faster pace, definitely. That is the interpretation.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Keshav Lahoti with HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Keshav Lahoti: 
Sir, firstly, can you give us some idea how is your current segmental margin, how it was two 
years back, and possibly what are your plans to take it two years down the line? How do you see 
the Company shaping up?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, the segmental margins, as I shared in one of the earlier comments, we have not seen any 
depreciation in the segmental margins. And the margin profile of each vertical which we service, 
which is either the automotive, the EV, the industrial exports, med tech, and all that, they are 
holding. And in fact, they are showing marginal incremental increases because of more efficient 
buying and operational efficiency. We don't see a challenge in maintaining the gross material 
margin of each vertical as they stand today. We expect them to only improve in the coming 
quarters and years.  
Keshav Lahoti: 
And sir, what is the idea of letting go of the low margin consumer business? Is it they are not 
good ROI business or how should we see? Or is it more like possibly the demand slowdown is 
there?  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, it was a conscious call of the management to recalibrate the strategy. And this was based 
on various factors. A low-margin business has a positive spin-off on the networking capital. But 
end of the day, we have to see where we want to position the Company. The growth in the low-
margin business was high. But in isolation, it was still a very small pie when we see the consumer 
business per se as it is available in the market landscape. 
 
The opportunities in industrial, in automotive, med tech, and others were also emerging. And we 
should always be mindful that none of these verticals got compromised because of the Consumer 
business.  
 
Consumer business was very low in the earlier part of '23-'24, and then '24-'25. And it skewed 
the whole thing. So, it is a cautious decision of the management to, in a calibrated way, move 
away from the low margin business.  
 
And then this low margin business is also dictated, the top line of the low margin business is 
also dictated by the PLI limits. So, if my PLI limits dictate a certain value of consumer business, 
I have to limit it to that because above that, it doesn't make sense. Hence, it was a combination 
of factors.  
Keshav Lahoti: 
What was the smart meter revenue for this quarter? And what is the target for this year?  
J.S. Gujral: 
Just on the smart meters, I will just answer it. I don't have it offhand. I will just get back to you.  
Keshav Lahoti: 
That's it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Keyur Pandya with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company Limited. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Just the first question is on the revenue growth for FY '27. I mean, with just less than Rs. 100 
crores of CAPEX this year, how do you see growth in FY '27? I think in the past, you mentioned 
about 5x kinds of fixed asset turn, which, at current level, basically would suffice to feed your 
FY '26 growth. So, if you can just reconcile this or give outlook for '27 as well, that would be 
helpful. That is the first question. 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, I will just answer the first question which was asked by the earlier gentleman. My smart 
metering revenue for the first quarter is approximately Rs. 55 crores to Rs. 60 crores rupees. 
And it is in line with what we had expected that it should be anything between Rs. 250 crores to 
Rs. 300 crores this year, along that. So, that is the figure. Can you please repeat the question?  
Keyur Pandya: 
So, with the current gross block, which was there in FY '25 end and your past guidance of 5x 
kind of fixed asset turn, you can achieve FY '26 revenue. But then with less than Rs. 100 crores 
of CAPEX, how do you see growth for FY '27? You would have enough capacity to feed that 
growth.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes, you see, at the end of the day, we expect that once, even now, if we take current year, some 
of the plants are working at less than 50%. The new plants which have been commissioned are 
working at less than 50%, 40% of the capacity. So, we believe that once the plants mature and 
the businesses flow into the new plants, we should be able to achieve not only this year's revenue, 
but with some minor investments every year, we should be able to achieve the next year's 
revenue also.  
Keyur Pandya: 
And what is the steady-state fixed asset turn? 
J.S. Gujral: 
My replacement and my balancing CAPEX every year would be to the tune of… 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 odd crores.  
J.S. Gujral: 
Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores will be my annual CAPEX spend, whether it is on balancing 
equipment, some replacement and all that. So, I think with that, we should be able to. And as all 
industries mature, as the products mature, the efficiencies would come in.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Also, when we see 5x asset turn from this year, we will be at around 65%, 70% of the total 
capacity utilization. So, we have enough space to grow on the same better capacity utilization, 
the similar CAPEX without any further larger addition here. And the asset turn may move up 
6%, 6.5x plus also, together, at full capacity utilization.  
Keyur Pandya: 
Second question. On the margin side, as you mentioned that order for automobile or industrial 
is higher than what is Q1's revenue share. And does that mean that margin should go up in 
subsequent quarters of the year?  
J.S. Gujral: 
Well, we believe that with what we have achieved in Q1, we would be able to deliver an EBITDA 
margin of 8.5% to 9% this year. What we had guided earlier was approximately 8%. So, we are 
believing that based on our Q1 performance, the order book which we have, and the execution 
schedules which we have, we should be able to deliver our EBITDA of 8.5% to 9% this year. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Arshia Khosla with Nirmal Bang - Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I just want to understand, I mean, now that exports form 
25% of our top line. So, what will be your guidance for FY '26? And any new geographies that 
are adding on to this growth? 
J.S. Gujral: 
So, you said the top-line guidance and the geographies which are adding to the growth, are these 
two legs of your question?  
Arshia Khosla: 
Sir, on the exports part of the business.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
J.S. Gujral: 
On the export. On the exports, we expect that we should be able to cross the Rs. 1,000 crores 
mark, which we had earlier guided for FY '25. We fell short of it because of delay in release of 
orders and approvals by the customers. We are on track. We have already achieved Rs. 233 
crores exports in the first quarter. And typically, as we progress the quarter, the revenues grow 
up. And these would primarily be coming in from Western Europe and North America. 
Primarily, these two geographies will be contributing to the export bucket of the Company. 
Mexico, yes, North America.  
Arshia Khosla: 
And on the IT and Railways side, part of the business, and in that segment, how are we seeing 
growth in that part of the business?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, IT has been a bit muted in Q1. We have the visibility for the remaining nine months, and I 
think it is in line with what we had guided for the full FY '26. 
 
Railways is still a lumpy business. We have done about Rs. 20-odd crores or Rs. 21 crores of 
railway business. We have orders in hand, and I expect that this year it should be between Rs. 
80 crores and Rs. 100 crores of railway business. 
 
And next year, we are in negotiation with some big sort of RFQs. If those materialize, next year 
should be a better year for railways. You see, these are long-term driven contracts, and the initial 
approvals take a lot of time, not only with the customer, but with the RDSO and other things. 
And RDSO has its own pace to move. So, whether you can make an elephant dance or not, I 
don't know. But that is the thing. We expect next year to be better.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Anupam Goswami with SUD Life. Please go ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, a little follow-up on the previous question. When you say about auto and industrial growing 
at 40%, that sort of order which we have, I want to know, sir, what sort of products are we adding 
new products? Are we adding new customers in this vertical? And if you can give a little broader 
picture, where is the market size and how much of we can do in a little longer period of time? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So, I will just clarify first on the order book side, when we say auto is about 35% to 40-odd 
percent. But industrial is somewhere in the range of 25% to 27% as a part of order book.  
 
Now coming to your next question on that, which are the new customers? So, like, customers of 
product side, we have introduced some, one more very large product like fuel injecting system. 
There are few more customers which like auto side airbag system is also which we are currently 
exploring. 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, okay, I will just dwell on the segments. Let's take the industrial. Industrial smart metering 
and utility metering is one segment, which is both domestic and export. Fuel dispensing is 
another. Large build format for power charging, vehicle charging is another thing. We have got 
some orders which we are exporting to Africa. 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Then we have the large telecom antennas projects, which will start seeing the light of the day in 
the coming next two quarters, September onwards. On the automotive front, it's addition of new 
customers and new products from the same customers. And Satendra can add more details on 
that. 
Satendra Singh: 
I think you covered pretty comprehensively, Gujral ji. But what we are doing is we are going 
deeper into the automotive supply chain. We are working with our existing customers and 
focusing on some of the new things which are coming in, things around safety systems, things 
around driver assistance systems.  
 
So, those are a couple of areas wherein the changes in the regulation are kind of promoting more 
electronics coming into vehicles. So, working with existing customers on some of these things. 
 
In parallel, we are exploring the export opportunities with some of our customers to Europe and 
U.S. So, these are the two drivers for growth in automotive. And we are, of course, our industrial, 
we are exploring lots of export opportunities, which will take some time to mature, but which 
should give us a significant fillip in the next financial year.  
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, also, how much is our ODM content at the moment? And for our capacity, how much of an 
utilization space-wise or assembly line-wise, how much capacity has been utilized till now?  
Satendra Singh: 
So, ODM is approximately 2% of my total business for this quarter. And capacity utilization is 
what we are expecting for the full year this year, we will be at around 65% to 70% of our total 
gross capacity utilization. That includes the new capacities developed just like Pune plant and 
maybe incremental Brownfield expansion in my Bawal and Chennai locations, everything put 
together.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vineet with Investec. Please go ahead. 
Vineet: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, just wanted, sorry to harp on this revenue 
growth bit again. Now, when we are speaking about 30%-35% sort of revenue growth, that 
implies a fairly steep ask for the remainder of the year. And considering consumer business will 
remain capped at, let's say, 30%-32% of our revenues, then the ask rate for other segments is 
even higher. So, what gives you confidence or is it a case wherein we will have to run at full 
throttle to be able to get there?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, in the coming quarters, this quarter, the IT has been muted. IT will go up in the remaining 
9 months or 8.5-9 months. My Med Tech business is typically rear loaded. That will be an 
incremental thing to it. And then my exports also.  
 
So, overall, yes, there would be a significant bump from the current whatever thing is to about 
38%-40% quarter-on-quarter growth we have to show in the remaining 3 quarters. Based on the 
orders in hand which Bijay has shared, and the 2-3 factors which I have just enumerated, the IT, 
the Med Tech, and some other large contracts which we are executing, we believe we are in 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
position to achieve the 30% growth rate which we have guided, which means that we have to do 
approximately, we have done about Rs. 900 odd crores this year. 
 
We have to do about 44,000, 4,100, 3,900 to 4,100 in the remaining 3 quarters, which translates 
to about Rs. 1,300 crores per quarter on an average basis. It will not be average basis. Based on 
the holistic things which we have seen, we are confident that we should be there about what we 
have guided. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Also, if you see the seasonality, normally Quarter 1 is like 20%-22% of the full-year revenue 
there. So, if you are targeting somewhere around Rs. 4,800 crores to Rs. 5,000 crores kind of 
revenue for the full year, so Quarter 1 is in line with that thing about 20 odd percent. And 
generally, it is like this 22% moving to 23%-25% in Quarter 2 and gradually then the revenue 
moves. And generally, when that is the trend, we have seen that H1 is about 40%-45% of the 
full year and H2 is like 50%-55%. That is what the trend is. 
Vineet: 
And the second question on working capital. Now, while we were expecting some improvement 
this quarter, which hasn't come through, and now we are honestly back to where we were, let's 
say, a couple of years back as far as the working capital was concerned. While we had the 
aspirations of getting it down to 60% at one point in time, now we are speaking about more like 
65 days of working capital levels now. So, what has really changed? Is it purely the mix impact 
wherein the consumer has gone down, which has hurt us here?  
Bijay Agrawal: 
So, first of all, I think we are exactly at the similar level where we were in the previous quarter 
also. 69 days of working capital where we were at March and right now also we are saying we 
are at 69 days of working capital. And when we are guided for the full year, we will be bringing 
it around 5 to 7 days of residency. That is actually for the full year. It may not reflect exactly in 
the Quarter 1 or maybe in a proportion if we keep two days every quarter. 
 
That may not happen. And we are very clear on this thing. It is like quarter-on-quarter you can 
see the benefits here. And we are confident and there is nothing like nothing much has changed. 
We are confident we should be able to bring it below 65 days. Now how much below 65? Can 
we achieve 60 or 62 or 63? That is something we are yet to see. 
J.S. Gujral: 
And another factor which I think we should all be mindful of is in the sectors which we service. 
See, consumer sector has a quick turnaround, shorter gestation period. Industrial and all that, 
when we are building up new customers, new models and all that, we have to stack the inventory. 
And you can't buy for 10 pieces and make 10 pieces. You have to buy for a minimum order 
quantity. And maybe supply the 10, 15, 20, 50 prototype pieces, and then the series production 
commences later on. 
 
So, quarter-on-quarter, we would love to do it, but it is not possible. But for the year as a whole, 
based again on whatever visibility we have got of the order executions and all those things, with 
the same level of inventory, if my revenues go up, and they have gone up in the past, it 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
automatically comes down as number of days. So, it is a play of absolute figure of inventory, 
which a minimum has to be carried, and how fast you execute them. 
 
So, when you are executing new orders, they take time. There is a prototyping. There is a, what 
you call it, the first 10 series. The series production starts two, three months down the line. So, 
on an overall basis, I think we should be nearer to what we have guided, which is 60 days. In 
fact, we have guided below 60 days, but I think it should be around 60 days.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Below 65.  
J.S. Gujral: 
65, 60 days. I think it is possible. And you will see it in the coming quarters.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar with Jefferies India. Please go ahead.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, my question is on CAPEX. You did talk about $90 million of PCB manufacturing CAPEX, 
of which about 40% you are expecting from state subsidies. Sir, may we check what is the 
CAPEX guiding for FY '26-'27, and how much do you think would the Central government 
subsidy in terms of PPM also accrue to this subsidy part?  
J.S. Gujral: 
Now, you see the CAPEX, which is $91 million, it is for the Phase-1 of the project which may 
spread over 3 to 5 years. I personally believe that in the next 12 to 18 months, when we start the 
plant with a certain capacity, initial capacity, should be about a third of the total, which should 
be about $30 million to $35 million. Once those capacities go on stream, then we will modularly 
keep adding additional capacities. 
 
The understanding with the state governments where the policies of various governments are in 
public domain is that they disburse the incentive once you cross a certain milestone. And 
typically it is done on an annualized basis. So, whatever we spend in, say, '25-'26, we may get a 
subsidy in '26-'27. So, there could be a year, a year-and-a-half lag between the dispensing of the 
expenditure, expanding of the expenditure and receipt of subsidies from the government.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
On the PLI piece, we expect it will be around 5% to 7% of the revenue number.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
So, what is the effective CAPEX for FY '26-'27 outlook? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So, excluding this PCB, it should be around Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores. Including this PCB, 
there will be another $30 million of CAPEX.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Spread over the next two years, right?  
Bijay Agrawal: 
Yes.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And my second question is regarding the exports. Now you did mention that 5% to 6% goes into 
the U.S. and the rest into Europe. So, in the U.S., I understand there is tariff uncertainty. But 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
should the hypothesis be that we will stick to the 26% tariff which has been imposed earlier, do 
you think it will be a pass-on which will be done from the end-user’s bit? Or do you think that 
there could be a margin impact for the export business?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, on the tariff part, on the tariff part, what you are referring to, end of the day, it is a game of 
dance. And there are three players who will have to absorb this. It is either the ultimate consumer 
or my customer or me. There is no fourth player who is going to absorb this tariff cost. These 
things will pan out and stabilize. And for us to say that it will be impacting only the end consumer 
and not me or not my customer, it is very difficult to predict. 
 
So, it is a deep negotiation with the customers which will happen, and then it would be there. 
Bulk of it, in my opinion. Bulk of it, because a tariff will be common to almost all my customers. 
So, if it is a common factor to all my customers, or customers of my competitors, then, logically, 
the bulk of the tariff should be passed on to the end consumer. The residual part will be a sort of 
bone of contention between me and my customer or my competitor and his customer how it turns 
out.  
 
See, if the tariff was only unique to me, then, passing it on to the consumer would be tough. But 
it will be a global, so-called, pan-national America scenario. And I don't think India will be 
placed at a disadvantage vis-à-vis our competing countries.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
So, as of now, the shipments are on track to the U.S., right? 
J.S. Gujral: 
We have grown by 22-odd percent or whatever. The shipments are on track. The volume could 
have been even higher. But for this, what you call uncertainty. Satendra, you would like to add 
anything? 
Satendra Singh: 
I think one thing we need to be aware of, first is our export growth has been good. And we have 
guided for a certain number is about Rs. 1,000 crores. So, we see that on track. 
 
Important thing is, given the uncertainty around the tariff situation, we are discussing very 
closely with our customers. We are working with them with plans to ensure that they are 
supported. And basis the current understanding, the tariff, everyone in the industry is expecting 
it to be either neutral or favorable to India. And that, if it turns out to be favorable, I would expect 
that it would help us grow our exports even further.  
J.S. Gujral: 
And in fact, we see tariffs as a big opportunity for India, not only for Syrma SGS, but for India 
to start playing a bigger role in the export markets. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, on the ECMS, apart from PCB, any other category we would be interested or evaluate right 
now to apply for?  
J.S. Gujral: 
We have not applied for correctly, but there would be some mechanical and non-passive 
components. But they are small. They would be more for backward integration and all that. They 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
are not significant in terms of CAPEX requirements. They are not significant in terms of CAPEX 
requirements and even in terms of revenue. But we may apply for sort of inductors, round 
components, all that. But they are not game changers for us in this, our scheme of things. Hence, 
we have not alluded to that in our commentary. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And just one last question from my side. The PCB manufacturing, when do you expect it to start 
yielding revenues for you? From which quarter? And probably the initial utilization, is it fair to 
understand, would be sub 20%-30% in the first year?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, we expect that trial productions of it could start by Q3 of FY '27, which is October to 
December of Calendar '26. It all depends on when the approvals from the government come in. 
If the government delays the approvals of the PLI scheme by three months, then obviously the 
project gets delayed by some more time. Maybe not exactly three months, but it will definitely 
get pushed out. So, it all depends on, if we were to get the scheme, sort of approvals in, say, 30, 
40 days by September, and we were able to get the thing, then we are working backwards and 
we are working on the drawing board to ensure that we have the production out in Q4 of FY '27, 
which is January to March '27. And we will have a full year of production in '27-'28. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Praveen Sahay with PL Capital. Please go ahead.  
Praveen Sahay: 
So, first question is related to the working capital loan which has increased on the sequential 
basis by around 33%. Is it because of your mix changes towards a higher working capital and 
that is the reason this working capital loan hasn't increased? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Yes, gross debt has increased, but if you see simultaneously treasury has also increased. So, net 
debt basis, there is only an increase of Rs. 50 crores, and that is mainly on account of incremental 
working capital requirements. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, the question is, is that going to normalize in the coming quarters or it will be at the elevated 
level because the mix is changing? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
No, it is like mix is like it is broadly in line what we are expecting there. What we see going 
forward, we should be able to, this should normalize or maybe this should maybe reduce slightly 
going forward towards the end of the year. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And the next is the PLI incentive for a quarter, if you can give.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
That is somewhere around, should be in the range of around Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 6 crores. 
Moderator: 
Last question comes from the line of Kishore Kumar with Unifi Capital. Please go ahead.  
Kishore Kumar: 
Sir, my line was cut last time. I am sorry about that. Sir, I just have a small query on the laptop 
business with MSI and Dynabook. What is the current monthly or quarterly run rate? And where 
do we see the full year revenues actually for this business? 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, on the Dyna laptop, we are just starting the production. It would start this month or maybe 
in the month of August. 
 
On the MSI thing, we make small quantities currently, which is only for the Indian market. Now, 
we are in negotiation with the Company that we should also be supplying for the global market. 
 
The current revenue projection which we have given, I think with the products which we are 
making, the Dyna and the MSI, we should be able to achieve the targets for the full year. 
 
On the quantities per se, we are guided by some confidentiality agreements and we can't share 
the absolute number figures. But based on whatever offtake they have given us, we are confident 
of achieving our sales guidance in the IT segment for this year.  
 
It could see a significant bump. I again repeat, it could see a significant bump if we were to go 
back into the manufacturing of motherboards and all that, because that would make us eligible 
for the PLI. Current laptop assembly is not making us eligible for PLI incentives.  
 
So, we are in talks with the customers. It is a chicken and egg story. The volumes of the Indian 
market don't justify making of the boards in India. They are yet to sort of take a call on the 
servicing of export markets from India while the tariff sort of uncertainty settles down. So, that 
is the holistic view on the IT business. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rajesh Kothari with AlfAccurate Advisors. Please go 
ahead.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Just two questions from my side. You have created a number of subsidiaries. So, just trying to 
understand which Company basically take what kind of role each of these companies will play. 
That is number one. 
 
And number two, apart from PCB, are you looking at any other components? Because there are 
a lot of new things which have happened in the last three months, particularly, for example, on 
the defense side and within electronics as well, because of this, the China constraints and the 
rare earth minerals and so on and so forth. So, are you exploring any further options where you 
think your competence can match for further Make in India kind of an attempt?  
J.S. Gujral: 
On the number of subsidiaries and then after I assume I think Bijay will answer that. But I will 
take up your first question, the second question. We are always looking out for opportunities to 
grow and manufacture. And defense is also one of the opportunities. We are supplying some 
very small parts to government companies in defense, which is negligible. But we are very 
actively pursuing to see where we can fit in the whole thing. And defense, unlike other industries, 
requires a deep domain expertise and a solution or a module to the end user.  

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
So, defense sector plays out in two parts. One is I become an EMS partner to one of the big 
defense players, and I do a vanilla EMS build for him. Whether I become a Boeing or XYZ, any 
of the defense contractors, I just build products for them. That will be a vanilla EMS.  
 
The real meat and the stickiness of the business lies in providing solutions. So, build up on a 
module which is available with one of the technology providers and build a solution whether it 
is a communication solution, whether it is a radar solution, whether it is an ammunition jamming 
solution, whatever, to the end user, which could be the paramilitary forces, which could be the 
armed forces, or which could be the defense labs and the defense companies of the government 
of India.  
 
This vertical is a vertical of interest to us. And as I have always been sharing over the last, 
maybe, eight quarters, we are mindful of what we will be entering into. And we are evaluating 
this vertical seriously because we believe it serves the twin objectives of Made in India. And it 
gives us a new vertical business.  
 
Defense business would be a lumpy business. It would not be a regular constant quarter-on-
quarter business. You win tenders, you could see a big bump in your revenues and they could be 
followed by a certain amount of slowness. And then there could be again another tick. 
 
On the companies, I think Bijay will answer that question.  
Bijay Agrawal: 
On the new subsidiary incorporation, we have incorporated two new subsidiaries in the last 
quarter, which is Syrma Components Private Limited and Syrma Elecomp Private Limited both. 
Primarily, if you ask about the use, these are something as Mr. Gujral has already explained, we 
are exploring two of these businesses on the component side. And we are not very much sure 
whether if somewhere there is some kind of a technology association is required, we may use 
these subsidiaries to get those technology partnerships executed in a way. That is why these are 
kind of enabling subsidiaries have been created to be in place. And as we progress on our 
business strategies, we will use it for the relevant businesses. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
One question, follow-up question. In terms of the total CAPEX, which also, as well, probably, 
you might also look for maybe M&A acquisitions. I am not too sure the tuck-in acquisitions, 
whether you are looking for anything actively or not.  
 
So, in terms of the total capital raising, how do you look at this business? Because, one, your 
organic business is growing fast, and, of course, you might have some working capital 
requirement. Second, your PCB business, which is a new venture. Third is your, you know, 
maybe some tuck-in acquisition in case if you are looking for it. So, what kind of total capital 
raising you think you might need over next two years or so?  
J.S. Gujral: 
See, details will be answered by Bijay, but on a global, on a sort of holistic basis, we don't believe 
that we require a capital inclusion for organic business. With the profits which we earn, the cash 
profits which we earn, and the tighter working capital cycle management, we are well-placed to 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
fund organic growth from the internal accruals. And we are almost a zero-debt Company. So, 
we have the leverage of utilizing that, which is a post-tax expense in any case. 
 
The usage of the fund, whenever it happens, would essentially be for acquisition of verticals that 
we are not present, and I have been sharing this every time, and for any other Greenfield 
expansion project. Bijay can then give -- 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So, from each side, yes, we already have some internal accruals, treasury already in place with 
us, Rs. 400 crores plus. But you are right, if we happen to at least close something on a good 
sizeable kind of inorganic acquisition or something, maybe large CAPEX, just like PCB or 
anything like that, we may go for a fund raise and that is how we have already taken and have 
this resolution for this QIP raise of Rs. 1,000 odd crores. As and when we need, depending upon 
the fund usage, we will go for those fundraising. And accordingly, the exact usage will be 
decided at that point of time only. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, PCB will require fundraising, am I right? 
J.S. Gujral: 
No, you see, at the end of the day, PCBs would require some money when we spend $91 million 
over the three to five-year period. The initial expenditure, we said, is about $30 million. $30 
million could be funded by our own equity, maybe some individual partner or from fund raise. 
And then we get back 40%-50% from the government. So, it is only a bridge financing which is 
required. 
 
So, it is a thing which we will decide once we start rolling out the plans. But one thing is 
reasonably clear that fundraise for organic growth may not be required in the coming years. We 
have enough cash on bank, I think. We are a zero-debt Company, almost a zero-debt Company. 
And we have internal cash accruals. This coupled with the more efficient working capital 
management, I think, gives us ample room for organic growth without infusion of external funds.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gujral for closing 
comments. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for sparing time and having a very honest and interesting 
exchange of ideas.  
 
I close with a comment that we in Syrma is clear, the team, and everyone is very confident based 
on our performance for the last four quarters. And we are very confident that we will continue 
to grow with superior margins and make India contribute over a little bit of making India a hub 
for electronics manufacturing. 
 
Exports continue to be one of our focused areas. And other than the mobile companies, we are 
one of the dominant players in export market of electronics. This coupled with over sort of very 

 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
cautious effort on corporate social responsibility, ESG compliance, we are building an 
organization.  
 
And I am happy to share with you that there is a global platform EcoVadis. And we have been 
listed. We have gone through the survey and everything. And we have come under the top 35% 
companies globally scoring more than 75 percentile points, which means we are among the top 
35% global companies which are adhering to the global ESG norms.  So, we are very cautious 
of that. And all of our design efforts and everything is all aimed at designing products with 
energy conservation in mind.  
 
So, I think exciting time. It's been almost three years since we listed. It has been a good drive. 
And we are thankful to all the investors for the confidence they have reposed in us. And we can 
assure you that the management will leave no stone unturned to make Syrma SGS a great, 
valuable Company. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
