 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN: L70100DL2000PLC104787 
Regd. Off : 13TH FLOOR DR. GOPAL DAS BHAWAN, 28 BARAKHAMBA ROAD, CONNAUGHT PLACE, NEW DELHI- 110001 Phone: 011-49281700 
Corp. Off. : UNIT NO.101,GROUND FLOOR, TOWER-A, SIGNATURE TOWER, SOUTH CITY-1 GURUGRAM HR- 122001Phone: 0124-4398011 
                                                                                      E-mail:  compliance@signatureglobal.in, Website: www.signatureglobal.in 
 
 
Date: 14th August, 2025 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code : 543990 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot no C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
 
Symbol : SIGNATURE 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/ Analysts Call held on 8th August, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
With reference to our letter dated 5th August, 2025 in respect of Investors/ Analysts Call, held on  
Friday, the 8th August, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of discussion held during 
the said Investors/ Analysts Call. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be disclosed on the website of the Company at 
www.signatureglobal.in.  
 
Kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(M R BOTHRA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
Meghraj 
Bothra
Digitally signed by Meghraj Bothra 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110034, l=North 
West Delhi, st=Delhi, street=2890/1 SF SANT 
NAGAR, RANI BAGH, Delhi India 110034, title=1802, 
2.5.4.20=1e047b4394bcf4c5de5a2639f513863aef84
549a8b2d054ffc19a6606d774e57, 
serialNumber=c32479ccd87a4ef81e06f955d3a91f5d
1b6ae7532fb94d948a50c7d2b1ff9f20, 
email=bothramr@yahoo.co.in, cn=Meghraj Bothra 
Date: 2025.08.14 16:59:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
 
     
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP KUMAR AGGARWAL –CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – SIGNATUREGLOBAL 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. LALIT KUMAR AGGARWAL – VICE CHAIRMAN 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – SIGNATUREGLOBAL 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAVI AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEVENDER AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT KATHURIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR SHARMA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MS. PREETIKA SINGH –INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Signatureglobal (India) Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today for the Q1 FY '26 call 
of Signatureglobal (India) Limited. As always, from the management, we have with us Mr. 
Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal, Chairman and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Lalit Kumar Aggarwal, 
Vice Chairman and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Ravi Aggarwal, Managing Director; Mr. 
Devender Aggarwal, Joint Managing Director and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Rajat Kathuria, 
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Sharma, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Preetika 
Singh, from the Investor Relations team. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over to 
you. Thank you. 
Pradeep Aggarwal: 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Quarter 1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Signature Global. We appreciate your time and interest and hope you had an opportunity to 
review our financial results and the investor presentation shared yesterday. 
Before we dive into the detail, let us take a moment to look at the broader economic landscape. 
India is growing fast and is already on its way to become a global economic leader. In 2025, 
India became the fourth largest economy in the world, moving ahead of Japan. And this is just 
a start. By 2028, India is projected to become the third largest economy ahead of Germany. 
 
Over the next 10 years, the country plans to add around $1 trillion to its GDP every 12 to 18 
months, showing strong and stable progress. A report of NITI Aayog says India's economy could 
grow at an average rate of 7% to 8% each year, reaching $26 trillion by 2047. This growth will 
come from key sectors like technology, manufacturing, real estate and service industry. 
With a target of about 9% yearly growth from the 2025 to 2047, India is building a strong and 
stable future for its people and its place in the world. The real estate sector has been important 
part of the India's growth story driven by rising disposable income, rapid urbanization and strong 
demand across the segment. 
 
The first half of this year has been particularly encouraging for the sector, supported by various 
policies and major announcements in the union budget, the RBI cumulative 100 basis points 
reduction in the repo rate since February 2025, and its recent decision to maintain the repo rate 
unchanged. These factors have significantly supported buyer sentiment and improved overall 
market confidence. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
With the rapid urbanization and continuous infrastructure upgrade, Delhi NCR, particularly 
Gurugram has emerged a key driver of the growth in India's real estate, residential and 
commercial market. Gurugram has established itself as a key market in India's luxury housing 
segment alongside growing demand. 
The city has witnessed notable price appreciation between January 2020 and April '25, property 
values in Gurugram surged by over 113% compared to around 42% in Mumbai according to 
PropEquity data. This rising path is backed by the comprehensive infrastructure build-out, 
projects like the upcoming Gurugram heliport, the ambitious global city being developed a 
mixed use urban hub. 
And the metro extension from Hooda City Centre to Cyber City and Sector 9 are reshaping the 
city infrastructure along with the key infragen like Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Southern 
Periphery Road and Dwarka Expressway. Further boosting regional mobility, the Delhi 
Gurugram Alwar RRTS Corridor are advancing under the National Capital Region Transport 
Corporation. 
 
Meanwhile, Gurugram Metro Rail Corporation has awarded contract to build Phase 1 of the new 
metro corridor. These developments are completed in state-led internal infrastructure upgrade 
such as enhanced the road network like the Sohna Elevated Corridor and upcoming elevated 
growth on Southern Peripheral Road. Further driving growth in key micro market across 
Gurugram. 
 
Signature Global has done very well in this positive environment. Our revenue has doubled and 
our profit has increased manyfold in the first quarter of this financial year. This shows the 
strength of our business. The trust of our customers and the resilience of real estate sector, our 
performance was driven by strong demand across the projects, timely execution and a focused 
approach for the delivering quality homes. 
 
As a move forward, we remain committed to capitalizing on emerging opportunities, enhancing 
customer experience and creating long-term value for our stakeholders backed by the strong 
performance and positive market trends, we are confident to reaching our FY '26 guidance. This 
includes INR125 billion in presales and INR48 billion in revenue recognition and the growth 
across the key metrics. 
 
With healthy demand, a strong launch pipeline and disciplined approach of execution, we are 
well on track to achieve our business objectives. As we continue to grow, our focus remains on 
strengthening our capabilities, delivering constant values and the staying aligned with the 
evolving needs of our customers and stakeholders. 
With that, I now hand over to our CEO, Mr. Rajat Kathuria, who will take you through the 
financial performance in detail. Thank you once again for joining today's call and for your 
continued support. Thank you. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. Hi morning, everyone. Thanks a lot for joining us on this results call this morning. So the 
quarter gone by, I think, is -- we've been witnessing a good level of business activity across both 
supply side and demand side factors of the business. I'll start first with the supply side factors 
covering our launches, completion and some of the direction in which the business development 
of the company is being done right now. 
 
So starting with the launches, first of all, I think we've taken, I would say, a fairly good stroke 
ambitious target for this year to launch more than 10 million square foot of new projects across 
various key markets of ours in the Gurgaon and Sohna market. And by and large, the GDV of 
this particular 10 million-plus launch will -- 10 million to 11 million square foot of launch would 
be closer to about INR17,000 crores. 
We saw a good quarter whereby we launched about 2 million square foot of new projects. The 
biggest of them was the project called Cloverdale, which is in Sector 71 Gurgaon, which happens 
to be our most important or most premium market amongst our 3 key micro markets. 
 
And this is Phase 2 technically of the project called Titanium, which we had launched about a 
year ago. So Cloverdale happened June '25. Titanium, we had launched around June of 2024. So 
this was a good response. Almost 65% of the presales, which we've achieved during this quarter 
-- were contributed by Cloverdale. 
We also did manage to get some good price rise vis-a-vis the previous year Cloverdale, I would 
say, is about 12%, 12.5% more expensive than Titanium, which we had done a year ago. And 
that's in line with the market escalation of inventory and especially of good quality inventory 
coming from larger sort of developers. 
 
So while there could be inventory coming at various places, but on the Southern Peripheral Road, 
I think it's quite controlled in terms of inventory coming in from larger players. Signature Global 
is one of the formidable players who will be coming up with sustained new launches on the 
Southern Peripheral Road. So by and large, during this quarter, we've done about 2 million-plus 
square foot of new launches with a GDV of about INR4,000 odd crores. 
 
Moving on to the next supply side factor; if we look at the completions, which we have done 
during this year, so we've done more than 1.4 million square foot of completion and handed over 
more than 2,000 apartments to our customers and very pleased that more than 2,000 apartments 
have been delivered within this quarter itself. 
Construction is happening at a good pace. We've also spent more than INR500-odd crores within 
this quarter on construction and approval side. So in general, completion activity is good. 
Amongst the projects completed about 45% in area terms was of AHP projects and about 55% 
came from the mid-income segment. 
 
And per square foot average realization of these units, which got completed were in about the 
INR6,000 to INR6,500 per square foot price points. In terms of business development, we've 
quite successfully tested in the previous year with 2 back-to-back launches of larger integrated 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
townships. The first one was in the Sohna market by the name of Daxin, which was almost of 
about 125 acres. We saw a very good response to that particular township. 
 
And the second one was in the Manesar market, which was again a 100-plus acre sort of a 
township model. And we've not seen much competition around this particular model from any 
of our peers in the past 12 to 18 months. And we are also able to create strong supply and a large 
supply of mid-income housing units, which we've always cherished doing these large formats of 
mid-income housing projects. So this township sort of a model is something which we've really 
enjoyed doing over the last, let's say, 2 years. 
 
So in terms of our business development effort, we've started acquiring land near the Daxin 
project. We've added 10 acres of land in that market. We are already sitting anywhere between 
10 to 15 acres of unutilized land of the previous acquisition. 
So the idea is to acquire more land around that particular project so that at some stage in future, 
we are able to come with a second phase of this project. The peculiar advantage which we hold 
as a company is that we have very good clear access from the main highway to the project called 
Daxin. And as we acquire land in towards the peripheral areas of our existing project, we are 
able to kind of come up with a good Phase 2 development. 
 
So primarily, this is a bit of a brief on some of the supply side factors, whether it's launches, 
business development on completions. If you look at the demand side situation, the presales 
number were quite encouraging out of this new project, which we launched, Cloverdale and 
some of the other existing projects, we've achieved around INR2,600-plus crores of presales 
during this quarter. 
 
To break it down a little, we sold a little above 775 units with an average ticket size of about 
INR3.4 crores per unit. Now this is -- this seems to be a little steeper than our previous year 
average, which was closer to about INR2.5 crores per unit. 
But given that the launch was primarily in Sector 71, which is like a more premium location, the 
per unit realization has gone up. However, at this location, this is the bare minimum or the kind 
of entry price any customer will pay to enter the market because whatever else is coming up in 
the market right now is priced significantly higher on per square foot terms and even on per unit 
terms basis. So that was one very key traction for our project. 
We right-sized our inventory. We didn't come up with very lavish or very large sizes, while the 
positioning was upper mid-income to premium in nature, but we tried to come up with very 
rightful sizes, and that's what got attention and customers liked it, and that's why I would say 
that this was quite a successful launch for the company. It's in a way linked our realization 
crossed INR16,000 a foot, which is higher vis-a-vis the previous year, saying it's absolutely the 
same reason because of the launch of the project called Cloverdale. But even on a like-to-like 
basis between Titanium and Cloverdale, we witnessed that there was about a 12% to 13% higher 
price of this particular phase of the project, which we launched. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
In terms of collections, we've collected -- we were a little short of INR1,000 crores. We achieved 
around INR930 crores of collections. The business activity is going very well. We spent more 
than INR500-odd crores on construction and approvals and created a surplus of close to INR200-
odd crores. 
And if I have to summarize on the portfolio side, till date, we've delivered more than 15 million 
square foot. We're also at fairly advanced stages of completing 9-plus million square foot, 
wherein now a lot of inventory is in the mid-segment of positioning. 
A lot of affordable projects are gradually coming to completion. There's just 5 or 6 more 
affordable projects which are yet to be completed, but bulk of the 9 million square foot is more 
towards mid-income homes, which we would have sold during the year 2022 or 2023. And we 
are targeting to do a very fast-paced completion of all these projects. 
 
So this 9 million square foot, by and large, is getting completed between this year, this current 
fiscal year and in the upcoming financial year, but we'll complete this 9 million. So about 15 
million delivered, another 9 million getting delivered over the coming quarters. Then, there's 
another 17 million square foot. If you look at the -- we've shared those details in the investor 
presentation. 
But since January to March 2024, we've been doing a very sustained supply of new inventory, 
both in terms of mid-income housing and slightly upper mid-income housing, depending on the 
location of the project. So this entire 17 million has been launched over the last 18 months, 
technically less than 18, but if I add last 6 quarters, we've launched about 17 million square foot. 
The GDV potential of these launches is above INR20,000 crores, between INR22,000 crores to 
INR23,000 crores to be precise is the GDV potential of this land. And we've always maintained 
that we would want to acquire land as we are launching and putting this land into production. 
 
So during this quarter, while we've done these launches, we've also been actively acquiring new 
land parcels. So this is the third component of our portfolio. And the fourth component, which 
gives us massive comfort in terms of regular supply creation is 24 plus million square foot of 
land stage inventory. This has a massive GDV potential of more than INR40,000 crores, which 
will unveil over the next 2 to 3 years. This is the demand scenario, basis launchability of these 
projects. 
We do intend to launch a lot of these projects over the next 2 to 3 years. So by and large, these 
are the 4 key components of our portfolio, delivered 15 advanced stages of completion, another 
9, another 17, which we've just launched over the last 6 quarters and another 24 million, which 
we intend to launch over the coming 8 to 10 quarters or so. 
 
So -- this is -- just to add on to this point that bulk of this land and Signature Global always 
prefer to work on land, which is owned by us and work on each segment of inventory production, 
whether it is acquiring land, seeking approvals, playing an active role in procurement, appointing 
contractors, selling this project. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
So effectively, we've always preferred to work on owned land, and that's why this kind of buildup 
has managed to happen. What is also -- the notes is that -- and actually, there is very little share 
of landowners in this entire portfolio. 
That number would -- is comfortably less than 10% across the portfolio, which we've talked 
about, which means that as we'll sell these land parcels and as we collect money from our 
customers, a lot of that will trickle down into our own surplus, operating cash surplus for the 
company, and there will be lesser obligation on our part towards third-party landowners. 
 
We've also consistently followed this practice that as and when we've got an opportunity to 
acquire land from our existing landowners, we've not even been shy of doing that. We've gone 
ahead and acquired land parcels from our existing landowners because the philosophy is that 
supply creation has its own pain involved. 
You need to be very disciplined, very clinical around the supply creation. And hence, we intend 
to do that value creation over the land, which is owned by the company and for the benefit of 
the shareholders of the company. 
 
As an outcome to the completions we've done, which was roughly about 1.44 million square 
foot, we did a revenue recognition of about INR8.7 billion, wherein we earned a gross profit 
margin of about 27%. EBITDA margin was around 11% and PAT margin was around 4%. The 
composition of affordable housing was almost close to 45% in this entire recognition and the 
per square foot realization was close to about INR6,000 a foot. As per square foot realization 
goes up and as composition of mid-income housing keeps going up, we'll be improving our 
margin profile even further. 
 
We've also -- like Pradeep ji said, and the way we are seeing that the interest rates in the economy 
are coming down. We are also seeing a reduction in our own cost of debt. Incremental 
construction debt, which is being raised by the company is coming at a lower price. It's in that 
9%, 9.5-odd percent range, we are managing to raise new construction finance loans. 
And we also plan to open a new tap, a new methodology of raising credit, which is by doing 
listed nonconvertible debentures. We've already gotten approvals from our Board and from the 
shareholders to raise a round of listed nonconvertible debentures. And in this regard, we also 
received a rating from the rating agency, CARE, who has given us a rating of A+ category. So 
which is quite encouraging for us. So this is, by and large, the position on both supply and 
demand side. At the start of the quarter, I would again say that we are seeing good business 
activity levels on both the sides of the business. Thank you. I welcome any questions if you 
have. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Murtuza from Kotak Securities. 
Murtuza: 
Just a question from my side. Just want to get a sense on how we should think of the improvement 
or the trajectory of collection and construction cycle. Starting with Sector 37D Deluxe in March 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
'24, we did make that shift to the more premium sort of housing segment. But your construction 
spends have remained in the INR4 billion to INR5 billion on a quarterly basis. 
Your collections is also in a narrow range, and I'm not getting -- picking on quarterly numbers. 
But we would have expected an improvement. So if you could give us some sense on how we 
should think of it over the next few quarters. Also, for instance, if you could take us through 
some of the sort of Sector 37D or Titanium SPR, et cetera, in terms of what is the kind of 
construction spends that have happened there? 
What is the level of collection in percentage terms that is there? So just some sense on how we 
should think of the trajectory on both construction and collections? We would have liked to see 
a more aggressive sort of ramp-up, just trailing the sales trajectory that we've had so far. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Sure, Murtuza. Thanks for bringing this up. And it's very relevant and very interdependent. So 
as construction activity picks up, collections also tend to improve and vice versa with more 
collections and liquidity, you spend more on construction. So yes, this is one of the most relevant 
factors. 
We've -- as a strategy, see, before we launched Deluxe DXP, the strategy was more to work 
with, I would say, not really Grade A contractors. These were a tiered below Grade A 
contractors, and they used to be very heavy in terms of our own procurement support or our own 
project management teams were very active as far as these comparatively smaller contractors 
with whom we used to work while doing affordable housing and even while doing middle 
income -- sorry, mid-rise -- lowrise of comfort. 
 
However, over the last year, we've onboarded greater contractors. So for instance, in Deluxe 
DXP”, we've onboarded Ahluwalia Contracts. As far as Titanium is concerned, we've onboarded 
Capacit'e. And for our project Twin Tower DXP, we've onboarded Arabian Construction 
Company. 
 
So as of today, we have a fairly good and strong civil team, construction team in place. And 
also, we are working with these larger contractors. So the intent is clearly to spread our own 
capability and to increase the construction spend on a quarterly basis. 
We definitely are confident that during this year itself, you will see an increased activity on both 
these activities, whether it is construction or collections. As far as giving an instance for 
example, Deluxe DXP, we've collected, let's say, we launched it in last May 2024. We've 
collected close to, let's say, INR850-odd crores since then within that single project. 
 
And in terms of hard construction itself, we would have spent more than INR200-odd crores. 
We've incurred more than, let's say, INR100-odd crores in terms of EDC/IDC costs. So we've 
fully paid the EDC/IDC cost. So Deluxe as an example, land is fully paid, EDC/ IDC is fully 
paid. We've spent about INR200-plus crores on construction ever since the project got launched. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
So the idea is to grow as fast as possible. But yes, it is construction, it is brick-and-mortar 
business and hence, those challenges turn up. As far as Titanium is concerned, we've collected 
between INR450 crores to INR500-odd crores. This project was launched in June last year. At 
the same time, we've spent more than INR100 crores on construction of this project and multiple 
other expenses have been incurred to fast pace the construction on this. 
Even in Cloverdale, we are intending to take Capacit'e onboard because it will be advantageous 
to have the same contractor who's managing Phase 1 and Phase 2 of that development. So, 
clearly, collections are happening strong on projects which are getting launched. Construction 
spends are moving up as we are progressing. 
Murtuza: 
Rajat, if I were to follow-up on that, is that the transition where these larger contractors, which 
sort of initially took some time and you should see the pace of construction activity and therefore, 
your spends and collections picking up faster? 
Would you say that's a fair observation that maybe it was a transition that you were doing in the 
last 12 months, both in terms of the product offerings as well as the contractors and you should 
see that have a pickup. I mean, I'm looking at the consolidated number of INR400 crores to 
INR500 crores construction spend. Would it be reasonable to think that maybe that moves to 
INR700 crores, INR800 crores quarterly run rate over the next few quarters? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Murtuza, that understanding is correct. I'll just rephrase it a little that -- see, we are going through 
a phase where we are doing this massive completion of the erstwhile projects. There's still 
projects which are in that affordable category. There's still projects in the low-rise floor 
categories. 
And now there are these high-rise, more premium projects which are being completed. So there's 
like a bunch of things which are currently happening. But a lot of our capability is getting freed 
up as some of these erstwhile projects are getting completed, which were -- which don't show 
up a lot in value terms, but in volume terms, it's not too bad. We've completed, for instance, 
almost close to 1.5 million square foot within this quarter itself. 
 
But this transition, you're right, yes, it's happening. And it will take some more time before we 
are working purely on projects which are, let's say, in that price range upwards of INR8,000 to 
INR9,000 a foot, and hence, it will be more visible. However, in volume terms and in work 
terms, yes, a lot of it is going throughout all of these quarters. But yes, INR700 crores, INR800 
crores per quarter does not seem to be like a very steep target. We'll achieve it towards, let's say, 
in the coming calendar year, we'll be reaching those quarterly numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Congrats on a good quarter. First question, I think how would you read the response that you 
have got for Cloverdale? I think we have got INR1,700-odd crores of contribution out of roughly 
INR2,500 crores, INR3,000 crores what we would have launched, okay? 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
So overall velocity looks lower than what we did last year with Titanium. I understand there is 
a luxury tower in this launch as well, which is more of a INR5 crores, INR6 crore ticket size, 
which would be slower. But how do you see overall response -- how would you read this overall 
response? 
Was there a conscious effort to cut down on the speculative demand that we were looking in that 
project and hence, a little lower velocity? So yes, first question on that. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes, Pritesh, thanks for asking this. So Pritesh, we were very confused last year, if you really 
ask us because it was very euphoric and we were very scared of the kind of book which was -- 
which could have been created. We tried to mitigate it in various ways. 
But yes, we were a little apprehensive of very investor-led demand when situation was such that 
if we've launched about 1,000 units and we got 5,000 applications, which was the classic case 
of Deluxe DXP. So that was a very, I would say, confusing situation. 
 
Right now, I would say it's more mature, the market is behaving in a more predictable manner 
that if you're launching a housing project where the average ticket size of unit is between INR3 
crores to INR4 crores which is not very steep, but yes, it's not like very low as well. So it's 
somewhere in the middle. 
So for a product like this, yes, as we launch a project, it's been a usual trend in Gurgaon that on 
launch, developers have always managed to offload some reasonable amount of inventory. But 
yes, we are fine if you launch a project and it takes, let's say, 3 months to 9 months or 12 months 
to offload that inventory completely. We are absolutely fine with that situation. So we are 
happier with the current quality of book being created and the manner in which the offtake is 
happening vis-a-vis the previous year. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. And that iconic tower, which this project has, GDV of that would be how much like 
INR700 crores to INR800 crores for that tower or lesser? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
We can share that separately. Yes. -- so there were 2 towers actually, which were of 3.5 BHK, 
which were very well located within the project. I think over there, we've received the maximum 
response, followed by the iconic and the 3 BHK towers. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And just on this collection question from the previous participant. See, right now, 
I think we are spending INR500 crores. I believe the cost of construction is 40% of the total 
revenue. So if we continue to spend that, we should be reaching INR2,000 crores of collections. 
By when do you think we will reach that? And whether it will happen that scale up -- gradual 
scale up towards INR2,000 crore collections will happen from Q2 onwards or Q3 onwards? If 
you can exactly try and point out the direction of that recovery, that would be helpful. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, some of the projects, Pritesh, which we are now launching have bulky sort of collection 
pattern because they are milestone based. While when we used to do affordable and low-rise 
floors, they were more time linked or they were more predictable sort of pattern around it. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Currently, it's predictable, but yes, it's more of milestone level, milestone based. We expect Q3 
to be a fairly good quarter, both Q3 and Q4 from a collection standpoint. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. And Q2 would still be similar what you have done in Q1 or a little better? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Q2 will be a little better, but not like significantly better. It will not be like a game changer sort 
of a quarter from a collection standpoint. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Got it. And just last on the business development. Now with that last phase of 10, 15 
acres that we have in Sohna, the Daxin project, post that, how do you see business development 
there? How much potential in that location there is still left, which can provide us a longer-term 
visibility of that micro market contribution in our own presales. 
And while we have decent enough pipeline for Sector 71, but once we are done with this 93 
acres, which also took us a good amount of time to acquire from the landowners, is there more 
potential with same landowners that we can unlock in future once we exhaust this pipeline? Or 
we'll have to look at some different opportunities in that market to maintain our share? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So see, as far as 71 is concerned, out of this 93 acres, the Titanium and Cloverdale put together 
is about 21, 22 acres, okay? So we're still left with 70 acres. I would -- it's safe to say that a bulk 
of the land is still unutilized in Sector 71. After -- beyond this 93 acres also, there is a potential 
to acquire some more land parcels. We can definitely add another 3 million to 4 million square 
foot worth of developable potential within Sector 71 itself. 
 
As far as Sohna is concerned, see, the land is available, okay? But since we are acquiring this 
from some of the smaller landowners, it is a little time consuming. So I don't think going like 
acquiring another 100 or 150 acres is nondoable. 
So it is definitely doable, but yes, it will take some time. So any of these acquisitions, which are 
happening, will help us create fresh supply in the coming financial year. So it is definitely not 
for this financial year. But yes, to say that Daxin can have potentially a 100-acre Phase 2 launch, 
I would confirm that, yes, that's definitely on the cards. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sourabh Gilda from JM Financial. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Yes. So you highlighted INR170 billion worth of launches, and we are already done with INR40 
billion at Sector 71. So just wanted to get a sense of the balance projects where those will come 
from? And now that we are done with the new phase at Titanium, is it fair to assume that the 
balance will come from the other 2 focus markets of 37D and Sohna or do you expect another 
phase at 71? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
You see, there are 2 larger launches which are planned during this financial year. There's about 
3 million to 3.5 million square foot, which will come up in Sector 37D. And there's another 4 
million, which will come up in about 71. That will make good bulk of our launch target for this 
particular year. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
 
Both of these launches are -- the approvals are at fairly advanced stage. We are quite confident 
that we'll be able to come up with these launches within this calendar year. So by, let's say, 
October, November of this year, we are fairly hopeful that -- this is all approval based, yes, but 
by October, November, I'm hopeful that both of these launches must have happened. 
So while we launch these projects during this year, we'll get some good time to sell the inventory 
as well. But it's not that there's a very long list of projects which have to be launched. So there 
are these 2 larger launches, which are planned for the balance part of this year. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Aggarwal: 
Yes. Thanks, everyone. Thanks a lot. 
 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thanks a lot for your time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
