 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
Registered Office:  
Unit 4, Plot No 105, Halol Vadodara Road,  
Village Nurpura, Taluka Halol, 
Panchamahal, Gujarat 389 350 
Tel: 2676- 227600 / 227700 
Corporate Office:  
Polycab India Limited  
CIN: L31300GJ1996PLC114183 
#29, The Ruby, 21st Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Tulsi Pipe Road, Dadar (West), Mumbai 400 028 
Tel: +91 22 6735 1400 
Email: shares@polycab.com 
Web: www.polycab.com 
Date: July 25, 2025 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai, MH - 400001 
To 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai, MH - 400051  
 
Scrip Code: 542652    Scrip Symbol: POLYCAB  
ISIN: INE455K01017 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Madam(s), 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on July 18, 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on July 18, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you  
Yours Faithfully 
 
For Polycab India Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Manita Carmen A. Gonsalves 
Vice President Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A18321 
Address: #29, Ruby, 21st Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Tulsi Pipe Road, Dadar West, Mumbai – 400028 
 
 
MANITA 
CARMEN 
ALBERT 
GONSALVES
Digitally signed by MANITA CARMEN ALBERT 
GONSALVES 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400104, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=FLAT NO 8BUILDING NO 9PIRAMAL NAGAR S V 
ROADMUMBAIBESIDES PATEL PETROL PUMP 400104, 
l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, title=9350, 
serialNumber=e9923616fb581748338360a9dcca7ddbef
53792338962e492591c02f91606f5f, 
pseudonym=06cc99809d91787cadb069ca8ac6e070, 
2.5.4.20=d6b37cc9b008ba4c44a5e26aead891e74cc85ae
a24a8e6ad4562fa78a0802a6d, 
email=MANITA.GONSALVES@POLYCAB.COM, 
cn=MANITA CARMEN ALBERT GONSALVES 
Date: 2025.07.25 16:34:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
"Polycab India Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GANDHARV TONGIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. CHIRAYU UPADHYAYA – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Polycab India Limited Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
 
With this, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gandharv Tongia, Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer, Polycab India Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I hope all of you are staying healthy 
and safe. I'm Gandharv Tongia, Executive Director and CFO at Polycab India Limited. On 
this call, we shall discuss the Q1FY26 results, which were approved in the Board meeting 
held yesterday.  
We will be referring to the earnings presentation, financial results and condensed financial 
statements, which are available on the stock exchanges as well as on the Investor 
Relations page of our website. Joining me today from our team is our Head Investor 
Relations, Mr. Chirayu Upadhyaya. 
 
Let us now move to the business performance.  
I'm pleased to share that we have had a strong start to FY26. Our performance in the first 
quarter built on the solid trajectory we have maintained over the past 4 years, and marks 
our highest-ever Q1 revenue and profitability in the Company's history. This achievement 
reflects both the underlying strength and resilience of our business model, as well as 
relentless commitment of our teams across all businesses and functions. 
 
The Wires and Cable business continued to be our primary growth engine, driven by robust 
domestic demand and supportive commodity price trends. On the FMEG side, we are 
beginning to see tangible outcomes from our strategic initiatives, with the business 
delivering its second consecutive profitable quarter, a positive step forward in our 
transformation journey. 
 
Looking ahead, we see strong tailwinds from infrastructure spending, improving private 
sector investment, and momentum in the real estate sector. Guided by our long-term 
roadmap under Project Spring, we are executing with greater focus, agility, and ambition. 
We remain confident in our ability to sustain this momentum and create enduring value 
for all stakeholders in the quarters to come. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
Moving on to the quarterly update, I will start with a high-level view of the macro 
environment and then we will delve deeper into business performance.  
The past month witnessed heightened volatility in the global financial system, triggered by 
a sudden escalation in hostilities between Iran and Israel. The 12-day conflict had an 
immediate ripple effect across asset classes, pushing up oil prices and driving inflows into 
safe-haven assets. The brief but intense period of tension served as yet another reminder 
of the vulnerability of global trade and financial system to geopolitical shocks. Thankfully, 
a ceasefire was quickly brokered, restoring relative calm and stabilizing investor 
sentiments.  
Meanwhile, global monetary policy remains a balancing act with countries navigating 
diverse inflation and growth trajectories. In India, a favourable inflation outlook prompted 
the Central Bank to frontload rate cuts, complemented by proactive liquidity measures 
and regulatory reforms. Together, these have supported the economy's steady expansion 
as evidenced by the strength in high-frequency indicators. 
Early data for Q1 FY26 suggests a gradual improvement in consumption demand. This is 
reflected in rising steel consumption, a pickup in electronic imports, and higher central 
government revenue expenditure. Services activity is also gaining pace with encouraging 
trends in services PMI, vehicle registration, diesel consumption, e-way bills and state-
level tax collections. Monsoon progress has been favorable as well, currently tracking 15% 
above the long period average, which bodes well for rural demand and agricultural output.  
On-the-ground momentum is clearly visible. Digital payments continue to surge, capital 
goods output is improving, and auto sales are recovering. Manufacturing industrial output 
rose close to 3% YoY in May, while steel and cement production remained resilient, 
growing 7% and 9%, respectively. Headline CPI for June declined sharply to 2.1%, a 73-
month low, with core inflation also remaining well-anchored at 4.4%.  
The real estate sector remains buoyant, albeit with some signs of moderation. 
Government capex too has gathered pace with 19.7% of the FY26 budgeted outlay already 
spent by May 2025, marking the highest spends in 7 years. 
 
While few challenges persist, India's economic foundation remains strong. With sound 
fundamentals, proactive policy support and demonstrated resilience, we are well 
positioned to navigate global uncertainty. 
 
I would now hand over to Chirayu to take you through the financial performance for the 
quarter. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Thank you, Gandharv.  

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
Let me now take you through Slide 4 of the earnings presentation.  
For the quarter ended 30th June 2025, we are pleased to report that our consolidated 
revenue grew by a strong 26% YoY, led primarily by robust performance in our Wires and 
Cables business. 
 
Our EBITDA for the quarter grew by 47% YoY, significantly outpacing revenue growth. This 
was on the back of a 210 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin, which stood at 14.5% 
for the quarter. The margin expansion was driven by a combination of strategic pricing 
actions, operational efficiencies and a favorable business mix. 
 
At the PAT level, the Company delivered its highest-ever Q1 PAT, at ~₹ 6 billion, reflecting 
a 49% YoY growth. Our PAT margins improved by ~170 basis points, reaching 10.2% for the 
quarter.  
Finance costs came in at ₹ 513 million, while other income stood at ₹ 799 million. A 
detailed breakdown of these line items is available on Slide 17 of the presentation. 
 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, closing the quarter with a net cash 
position of ₹ 31 billion. Our working capital cycle stood at 43 days in Q1 FY26, positively 
impacted by a temporary increase in payable days. We expect this to normalize and revert 
to a long-term steady range of 50 days to 55 days in the coming quarters. 
 
Capital expenditure for the quarter was ₹ 4.1 billion, in-line with our Project Spring 
guidance of investing ₹ 12 billion to ₹ 16 billion annually through FY30. 
On the advertising front, spends were lower during the quarter, largely due to limited 
promotional activity in the fans business due to an early onset of monsoon, which 
impacted the seasonal campaign cycle. However, with the upcoming festive season, the 
advertising and promotion spends will start tracking towards our targeted range of 3% to 
5% of B2C top-line.  
Moving on to Slide 6.  
The Wires and Cables business delivered a strong 31% YoY revenue growth, supported by 
over 25% volume growth during the quarter. Within this, our domestic W&C business 
recorded an impressive 32%YoY revenue growth, driven by higher government spending, 
improved project execution and the favorable impact of rising commodity prices.  
Notably, cables outpaced wires in terms of YoY growth this quarter. Both our distribution 
and institutional channels registered healthy performance, indicating broad-based 
demand momentum. From a regional perspective, the South led the growth, followed by 
North, East and then West, reaffirming our strong pan-India footprint. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
Our international business grew by 24%YoY, albeit on a low base and contributed 5.2% to 
the consolidated revenue.  
On the profitability front, EBIT margins for the Wires and Cables segment stood at 14.7%, 
an improvement of 190 basis points YoY, supported by better operating leverage and 
strategic pricing actions. 
 
Moving on to Slide 8 for an update on the FMEG business.  
The FMEG segment continued its healthy trajectory in Q1 FY26, registering an 18% YoY 
growth despite seasonal headwinds from an early monsoon.  
In the fans segment, while overall sales were muted due to shortened summer, we made 
further inroads in our premiumization strategy. Our premium fans portfolio contributed 
roughly 25% of the fan sales, underscoring growing consumer preference for feature-rich 
and aesthetically superior products. E-commerce is also gaining ground, now accounting 
for mid-teens share of total fans revenues, further supporting premium offerings through 
digital channels.  
The impact of premiumization is even more evident in the lighting category, where 
premium products made up over 35% of the sales during the quarter. This deliberate 
portfolio shift is helping us improve gross margin realization in this business. 
 
In switches, switchgears and conduit solutions, healthy demand from the real estate 
sector continued. Here too, our focus on value-added offerings is showing results, with 
Levana, our premium switch line now constituting almost 20% of the total switch sales. 
Similarly, in switchgears, the focus is on increasing the mix of RCCBs and multi-pole MCBs 
in sales. 
 
The standout performance again this quarter was our solar product category, which 
recorded more than 2x growth over the same quarter previous year, now emerging as the 
largest contributor within the FMEG portfolio. We expect this momentum to continue 
backed by supportive government policies and rising adoption of renewable energy 
solutions. 
 
The continued focus on premiumization helped the FMEG business achieve its second 
consecutive profitable quarter. Margin expansion was driven by a better product mix and 
operating leverage from scaling efficiencies.  
We remain confident in the long- term potential of our FMEG business, continuing to align 
our efforts with Project Spring, targeting 1.5 to 2x of industry growth and improving EBITDA 
margins to 8% to 10% range by FY30. 
 
Moving on to Slide 10, which provides an update on our EPC business.  

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
During Q1 FY26, revenues in the EPC segment declined by 19% YoY to ₹ 3,474 million. 
Segment profitability stood at ₹ 268 million, translating to a margin of 7.7%. Our open 
order book remains healthy, offering strong visibility for future growth.  
We expect the annual sustainable operating margin to be in high single digit over mid-to-
long term in this business.  
That was the update for the quarter. Thank you and we are now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Shrenik Bachhawat from Mahindra MF. Please go ahead. 
Shrenik B: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question is, can you throw some light 
on the export scenario, particularly in the U.S. geography because of the tariff issue that 
is going on there? And my second question is, can you throw some light on the growth 
outlook across the FMEG categories that we are working on? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure, Shrenik. So, starting with the exports opportunity, as you rightly mentioned, U.S. is 
one of the largest consumer of cables and hence, has been one of the larger contributor 
for our export sales. Definitely, the tariff situation over there is kind of an overhang, which 
kind of impacts the visibility in the near term. But in the longer term, it's a very, very big 
opportunity. 
 
If you look at the exports that we did in this quarter, roughly 1/3rd of them went to the U.S. 
We had a good order book there, and that is what we are executing right now. Looking at 
the current situation in terms of tariffs, India stands to be in a beneficial position. The other 
larger exporters to the U.S., such as China, has almost 55% import duties on them. 
Mexico, another large exporter, will have 30% of import duties effective from 1st August 
2025. The other geographies like South Korea has 25%, Vietnam has 20%, Philippines has 
20% and India stands at 10% right now. So as of now, the situation favours India. But this 
is an evolving situation, and  we won't be able to comment very clearly on how this will play 
out. But irrespective, in the longer term, I think exports will definitely be growing, and 
definitely, U.S will be one of the larger contributors in terms of the exports that we do.  
Now, coming to FMEG. If you followed the Company's trajectory over the last few years, 
we have witnessed a period where the FMEG business had stabilized at roughly around ₹ 
1,200 crores to ₹ 1,300 crores of top-line. However, since the last 5 to 6 quarters, that 
business has again started gaining traction. 
 
We undertook various steps to ensure that we can become one of the top 3 players in that 
segment across various product categories. And these steps are are now providing a 
positive trajectory for us. Within Project Spring, we are now targetting to grow this business 
at roughly 1.5 to 2x of the industry growth.  

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Currently, the industry growth rate is hovering at around 8% to 10%. We believe that the 
FMEG industry will see a pickup, largely from the real estate uptick that we have seen in 
the country over the last 3 to 4 years. Fans and lights, which are the largest category in the 
FMEG industry, typically see demand towards the end of a real estate construction phase. 
We expect that we'll see much better demand with a one-year lag from now.  
The other categories of switches, switchgears, conduits, and wires are witnessing very 
good demand momentum. So, we definitely believe that FMEG industry will start seeing at 
least double-digit growth from next year and we should be targeting at least 2x of the 
industry growth rate.  
 
Simultaneously, while we grow, we will also target to improve our margins within this 
business. Last couple of quarters is when we have become profitable again. Going 
forward, we expect to see our profitability improve each year, reaching the targeted 
EBITDA margins of 8% to 10% by FY30. 
Shrenik B: 
Can you also please throw some light on the capex plans for the next 2 years, FY26 and 
FY27? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So again, within Project Spring, we have given a guidance of spending roughly ₹ 6,000 
crores to ₹ 8,000 crores over the next 5 years. That is roughly ₹ 1,200 crores to ₹ 1,600 
crores on an annual basis. In the first quarter of this year, we've spent roughly ₹ 410 crores. 
So, we are in line with our guided range and  will continue with that guidance.  
A large part of the capex that we will do will be for the Cables and Wires business and 
remaining for backward integration and a small part for the FMEG business. 
Shrenik B: 
Great, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saumil Mehta from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. Two questions from 
my side. First, on exports. Now obviously, we believe in U.S., the Chinese and some of the 
other players will have some sort of issues given the higher tariffs. But outside of U.S., 
maybe in some other markets like Middle East, Australia and various other markets, are 
we seeing some sort of pricing aggression by Chinese players?  
And to that extent, are the incremental orders coming at pricing, which is much lower than 
what we've seen in the past quarters? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure, Saumil. So, let's go geography by geography. Starting with Europe, very akin to U.S., 
it is not very pro-China and they are looking at alternatives to Chinese products. So over 
there, even though Chinese suppliers offer a lower price compared to other suppliers, the 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
end customers are still willing to pay a premium for non-Chinese alternatives. So, we are 
not seeing any dumping behavior at least in Europe.  
Moving to the Middle East, again, it has huge demand of cables due to the significant 
investments happening on the infrastructure side. This makes the market open to various 
suppliers. Depending on what tariff situation is there in different countries, you are able to 
secure a lot of orders. For instance, we are doing a lot of supply to Saudi Arabia, where 
India enjoys a better tariff. Hence, we are not seeing as much of a competition coming in 
from the Chinese players.  
Coming to Australia, Australia is where China likely has a competitive edge. They have 
worked a zero tariff treaty with Australia, which has resulted in most of Australia’s imports 
coming from China and that trend continues to be the case. Probably that is a geography 
where we will have to compete effectively on pricing terms or on other service terms and 
so on and gain a bit of market share through that. But in other geographies, I don't 
anticipate any dumping effect coming from China that would hamper our exports. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Sure. My second and last question is, obviously, this quarter would have some benefits 
from the slowdown of spending in the previous wave due to election. But going forward, 
are we seeing some sort of a slowdown given at least some of the broader macro 
indicators in India seem to have slowed down marginally.  
So, are we seeing some sort of impact in terms of ordering activity from the government or 
business seems as strong as usual? That's it from my side. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
If you look at the current situation, we are not actually witnessing any form of slowdown. 
If you consider the kind of spends that the government has been doing since December of 
last year, they have continuously spent almost ₹ 1.26 trillion on a monthly basis on an 
average. If you compare that with the April '24 to November '24 data, it was roughly only ₹ 
0.64 trillion per month. So, we have definitely seen a lot of pick-up in terms of investment 
from the government side, and that is translating into demand for cables. Of course, this 
effect is not immediate, it comes with a lag. Hence, this sector is continuing to see a very 
good growth. 
 
Looking at the annual target that the government has taken for this year and considering 
whatever they have spent so far, they still have to invest roughly around ₹ 1 trillion per 
month in terms of infrastructure growth. This will continue to translate into very good 
demand for cables.  
On the wire side, the residential housing piece definitely is continuing to do well. 
Obviously, we've heard a lot of commentary recently about a bit of a slowdown that we are 
witnessing in the top cities. But in the parallel, what we are also seeing is that in Tier 3 to 5 
cities, where affordable housing was a bit slow till now, that is seeing a bit of a pickup, and 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
that is translating into improved demand for wires. At our end, we are focusing on both 
those opportunities. For Tier 3 to 5 cities, we have Etira brand, which is doing very well and 
is increasing its contribution to our wire sales. On metro Tier 1, Tier 2 cities, we have the 
Class 2 wires wherein we are focusing on and that is also where we are seeing very good 
traction from our ranges of Maxima and Suprema, which we've launched.  
So, as of now, we don't believe that there will be any form of slowdown, at least in the 
cables and wires business. We believe that this year, we should continue to see very good 
momentum even in the remaining three quarters of the year. 
Saumil Mehta: 
Great. Thank you and all the best for subsequent quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from GS. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question. My first question is on margins. You said there are 
certain strategic initiatives. Is it possible to give some detail on what exactly does that 
mean? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, on the cables and wires side, we mentioned that there are strategic pricing actions. By 
that, I meant that if you compare this year or this quarter versus the previous 3 to 4 
quarters, you would have noticed that the copper price volatility is not as much as it was 
in the past, and the movement of price was in a particular direction.  
For example, in the first 5 days of the quarter, while the copper was going down, but since 
then, we have seen it continuously moving in one direction. Now that is something wherein 
the pricing transfer for us becomes relatively much simple, and that is where we can 
maximize the benefit from any movement in commodity prices. So that was what we were 
mentioning in terms of strategic pricing actions. 
 
The other benefit that we had is obviously from scale as well as the mix. At a Company 
level, if you compare with Q1 of last year, we had higher contribution coming in from the 
EPC business. But this time around, EPC has a lower contribution and Cables and Wires, 
which has relatively better margins, have a higher contribution and hence, that helped at 
a Company level in terms of margin profile. 
 
The other thing is on the FMEG business, where as you are aware and as we have 
mentioned, across all the product categories within the FMEG business, we have seen 
gross margin expansion. And that is what has helped the improvement in the FMEG 
profitability and that indirectly contributes to the overall Company's profitability 
improvement as well. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure. This is clear. One connected question. I mean, we have been giving a guidance for 
margin, which is much lower than what we have been clocking and we've been clocking it 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
consistently. Now given the fact that exports should increase from here on, given the fact 
that you yourself said FMEG, your target is for margins to go up.  
I just want to understand what is holding the Company back from actually resetting your 
margin guidance higher? Or in a way, you're acknowledging that these margins are actually 
fairly higher, not sustainable. Just wanted to get your thought, delivering 14.7%, but still 
the guidance remains at 11% to 13%. What's the reason for that? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So Pulkit, as you're aware, we don't give near-term or yearly guidance. Our guidance is for 
the longer term. It is more like 5-year guidance, and that is where we've given an 11% to 
13% of EBITDA margins in the cables and wires business as our guidance. When you look 
at the longer term, there are multiple variables that you have to look at and which will 
impact your profitability.  
While obviously, the cables and wires mix, if it goes in favor of wires, that can help your 
profitability. As the exports mix increases, that also helps the profitability. But parallelly, 
when you are investing a lot in terms of capacity expansion, that is bound to have an 
impact in terms of lower operating margins in the near to midterm. So that will take a bit 
of a sheen off of the improvement in profitability that we might see because of the other 
two parameters. 
 
Over and above that, for the B2C business, which includes the wires as well, we are going 
to be improving or increasing our spends on A&P continuously every year. And that will 
also impact the profitability of the segment. So, keeping all those four variables into mind, 
our long-term guidance is 11% to 13%.  
Having said that, internally, we'll obviously try to optimize on that. And whatever quarters 
we can improve on that, the practice will be to improve on that. But otherwise, the longer-
term guidance will continue to be the 11% to 13% EBITDA margins. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Thank you. That’s clear and you guys have done very well on that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you and congratulations team for the strong performance. My first question is on 
the FMEG. Within the FMEG bucket, solar now which is the largest category for you, can 
you elaborate more with respect to how is the manufacturing product mix here with 
respect to in-house and outsourced product mix?  
And any capacity expansion or localization plans from solar inverters? Also aligned with 
this, any insights that you can share on the market share for Polycab in this segment? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Thanks, Renu. Regarding the mix and the domestic or in-house manufacturing is 
concerned, as of now, solar is the largest category in the FMEG business this quarter, as 
we’ve mentioned. The other categories have contributed relatively equally. 
 
In terms of in-house manufacturing, except solar inverters, everything is currently being 
manufactured in-house. We don't plan to make changes in this regard. Hence, as of now, 
solar inverters will continue to be outsourced in terms of manufacturing, and it will be 
status quo as of now. Sorry, the last question was in terms of the growth opportunities in 
FMEG, is it? 
Renu Baid: 
Yes. And the market share for Polycab in solar inverters category for us? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So very difficult to as of now pinpoint the market share. We are relatively a smaller player 
over there. Probably once we are of a significant size, then we will start giving out market 
size numbers. But other than that, in other product categories of fans, lights, switch and 
switchgears, our market share will hover anywhere between 2% to 5%. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Secondly, within the Cables and Wires, what was the approximate mix of cables in 
the revenue mix for the quarter? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, cables will be close to around 73% - 74% and remaining will be wires. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. And lastly, if you can share just a bookkeeping number on what was the order book 
in the projects business. And do we expect a bit more projects in pipeline, the order book 
to improve further as the year goes by? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
By projects business, do you mean the institutional part of the cables or the EPC 
business? 
Renu Baid: 
The EPC business. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, in the EPC business, as at end of March, we had an open order book of roughly ₹ 70 
billion. Post that, we won an order on the BharatNet project over there. So, both BharatNet 
projects put together, roughly, the capex part that we have to do and the overall 
outstanding is around ₹ 80 billion. This excludes the GST part.  
The exchange notifications that we had done included the GST. But if you look at whatever 
accrual we will get, that is roughly around ₹ 80 billion from BharatNet, and that will be 
accrued over the period of next 3 years. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Thank you and best wishes team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Charanjit Singh: 
My question is regarding the market share in the cables and wires space, and I think you 
have talked about the market share gains. So, just wanted to understand that is it just our 
capacity availability, product or distribution reach, what is driving this consistent market 
share gains in the cables and wires space?  
And are we gaining this more from the unorganized or there is also some gains from the 
organized space, which we are seeing in the cables and wires? That's my first question? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure, Charanjit. So I think there will be a mix of both the things that you mentioned, 
definitely having capacity, having the largest set of approvals, the largest set of bouquet 
of SKUs in Cables and Wires, those are the parameters which has continuously worked for 
us in the past, and that too continues to work for us currently as well.  
Over and above that, the movement in market share from organized to unorganized, that 
has also picked up pace in the recent few quarters. So, both of them would have 
contributed in our market share continuously improving over the last few years and 
including this quarter. 
Charanjit Singh: 
So, what will be our current market share in the cables and the wire space? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
I would probably be able to guide you on our market share up to the end of FY25 because 
for this quarter, we are yet to have results from the other larger companies. But if you look 
at FY25, our market share in C&W put together was roughly about 26% to 27%. This is the 
organized market share. We would have it a bit higher as far as cables is concerned, more 
closer to 30%, whereas in wires, we will probably be in early 20s. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. And just coming on to the BharatNet projects in terms of the opportunity pipeline, 
the margin profile of these projects and the working capital requirements, if you can give 
more details? And how has been the competitive intensity in the BharatNet projects in 
terms of L1, L2 tendering? What has been the differential? If you can give some of those 
details? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So Charanjit, I'll probably stick to whatever information is available in the public domain 
right now. We have won two orders out of the 16 tenders which had opened. There are a 
few more tenders which will be opened up, which is the part 2 of phase 3. And whenever 
that opens up, we'll try and participate as possible. But as of now, this is the information 
available. 
 
As far as the profitability is concerned, we expect to accrue almost 12% to 14% of margins 
in that order book as well, which is pretty much in line with what we currently are making. 
Regarding the working capital cycle, we have seen the receivable days in our historical 
orders that we have executed to be in time. We have never seen late payments over there. 
Overall, I think it should be a pretty good business as far as overall working capital cycle is 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
concerned because of the fact that over here, there is an upfront payment of almost 10% 
of the order book. So, you can utilize that money and then continue to use that for your 
future expenses and turn it around. So, I think in that way, I think it's a pretty good 
business, good margins, less working capital cycle business. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. So that’s all from my side. I will circle back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Natasha Jain from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
Congratulations team on a very good set of numbers. I have two questions on Wires and 
Cables, predominantly on the export side. In fourth quarter, I remember the commentary 
was that there was a decline in your export business by 24%, wherein you mentioned that 
there would be a large rollover of an order to 1Q.  
Now 1Q, the  growth numbers matched to 24%. I just want to know whether the growth is 
because of that order which came through or is it an organic growth? First question is that? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure, Natasha. So, the order which was rolled over, that has not been executed at one go. 
That will be executed over a period of the entire year. And hence, it was not the single 
contributor of the exports growth that we have seen. It is an organic growth, and it is seen 
through the execution of multiple orders that we had across geographies. 
Nattasha Jain: 
Understood. So, there is a chance that we will see that order executing in the remaining 
part of the year, correct? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Yes, that's right. 
Nattasha Jain: 
Okay. My second question is more a broader-based question in terms of cable export. 
Now understanding the ‘big beautiful bill’, there is an absolute cut on the renewable side 
in terms of U.S. Now if I see larger players like Prysmian, Nexans, Southwire, LS, if I read 
any of their commentary, predominantly, they were setting up capacities to be exported 
to the U.S.  
Now that U.S. has kind of shut markets for renewables for the time being, do you think 
these capacities because they are fungible, they would dump into other geographies, 
which kind of gives competition in other geographies barring U.S. or it may not happen. So, 
can you please clear on that? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure. We'll have to go product-wise and business-wise. When you are thinking of 
renewable energy investments, you're setting up renewable plants and then you are 
evacuating that energy to different geographies. So, you are utilizing your normal low 
voltage power cables, medium voltage power cables as well as the EHV cables.  

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
But the larger part over there is through the evacuation where you require EHV cables and 
probably in the next part where you require higher set of  medium voltage cables. Now if 
you look at the product portfolio of Prysmian, Nexans and the other larger companies, they 
are more predominantly present on the higher voltage side. That is where their expertise 
lies, and they focus on that category so as to get a margin bump in their overall business 
profile. So that is the capacities that they were developing.  
When we export to U.S., we are exporting largely low voltage and a bit of a medium voltage 
cables. So largely, we were not competing more actively with Prysmian, Nexans. We were 
more aggressively competing with the Chinese players who are also into low voltage and 
medium voltage cables. The change in the outlook of investment towards renewable, I 
don't think it will have any material impact in that way in the kind of export that we were 
doing. 
 
Over and above that, what you also have to keep in mind are two other opportunities. One 
is the kind of investments which will be required on the data center side because of all the 
investments towards AI, which are being done by the large corporations across 
geographies, that will require a huge set of power cables as well as optical fiber cables, 
and that will continue to be there. 
 
Over and above that, the power infrastructure in U.S. and even other larger geographies 
like Europe, they are now almost 60 - 70 years old, and they are required to be upgraded 
irrespective of whether it comes from renewable or traditional sources. So that too will 
generate good demand for cables.  
So just because there will be relatively lesser investment on renewables in the near term, 
that doesn't take away the cables opportunity that is there in the U.S. There are other types 
of cables, which will be required, and we will continue to export those cables over there. 
Nattasha Jain: 
Got it. That's helpful. Just one more question related to that. EHV capacity is fungible, 
right? We can use it for low, medium and high voltage, if we do not manufacture EHV? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
That's true. 
Nattasha Jain: 
Understood. Got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujit Jain from Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance 
Company Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. You explained strategic pricing decisions that 
help you get those margins and very superior margins. So that means that you kind of were 
benefited from the lower procurement prices. Is the understanding correct? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
The pricing will be pretty much similar for everybody because it is linked to LME. Obviously, 
to a certain extent, at what point of time during the quarter you place the order that also 
plays a part. Probably that can also benefit to a particular player in a particular quarter. 
But on an overall yearly basis, then it averages out.  
What I was meaning in terms of strategic pricing revision is what I explained to Pulkit  - it is 
because the trend of copper prices was in one specific direction during the quarter and 
the volatility was not very high, we were able to swiftly pass on without having to take any 
impact on our profitability. 
Sujit Jain: 
And so, the earlier complete hedging policy you used to follow, it did not apply for this 
quarter. Is that the understanding correct? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Not really. I mean we continue to follow hedging policy. If you are aware, almost 90% of 
our sales are through distributors and 10% is institutional. When you are supplying to a 
distributor and you don't have an order book in place, you can't not have hedging in place. 
If you do that, you are exposed to the commodity price risk.  
So, we don't do that. We hedge our entire copper procurement that we do, and that is what 
is meant for selling to distributors. On the institutional part, it is back-to-back pricing. So, 
it doesn't really have any meaningful impact, the changes in prices. But on distribution, we 
do hedge the prices. 
Sujit Jain: 
So, if not this, but good margins are sustainable because of the other things that you spoke 
about, sales mix and as well as operating leverage. So therefore, C&W margins can be 
maintained broadly? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sujit we have a long-term guidance in place. And again, I'll take you back to the FY30 
guidance that we have. In the longer term, 11% to 13% of EBITDA margins is what we will 
be able to generate irrespective of what happens on what type of business or procurement 
or commodity prices irrespective of that.  
In the near term, we will obviously try to maximize as far as whatever variables are 
presented in front of us. And hopefully, we should be able to maintain our margin profile. 
Sujit Jain: 
And one last question about your cables capacity being ahead of the industry in the sense 
people didn't have capacity you had. That situation still persists or now capacities are 
catching up? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
These capacities have started coming up since the beginning of last year, and yet we 
continue to grow ahead of the market. As I was mentioning previously, what is the most 
important part over here is while you might have capacities, what is the portfolio that you 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
have? What are the number of SKUs and what are your approvals? That is the biggest play 
and obviously, the distribution needs. 
 
Now those are the variables which we have worked on over the period of decades and that 
advantage continues to be there with us. So, while capacity will come up for the industry, 
that advantage will help us. Over and above that, the kind of investments and growth that 
we are witnessing from various end sectors, that also helps in absorbing the new 
capacities which are coming up from other peers. So, both of them will continue to help 
us in terms of our outperformance over the industry. 
Sujit Jain: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
My first question, Chirayu, you highlighted that cables has outpaced wires this quarter. So 
just wanted some color which are the categories of cables that have done well for you? Is 
it mainly low voltage or it's the higher voltage sizes that had done well? And what is your 
expectation for this full year in the -- which subcategory could do well for you guys? That's 
my first question? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Dhruv, you are well aware that we have presence in low voltage, medium voltage and high 
voltage. We don't have presence in extra high voltage. As far as the overall industry size is 
concerned, obviously, low voltage and medium voltage are of the largest quantum. Since 
we have the maximum presence over there, both of those categories have helped us in 
terms of this growth.  
And even at an industry level, those are the two particular segment of cables, which have 
done very well. The other types of cables, which are, let's say, control cables, 
instrumentation cables, optical fiber cables or high-voltage cables, their requirement is 
relatively much smaller. So whatever growth the larger players will be able to generate will 
be because of the growth in the low voltage and medium voltage cables.  
I don't see that changing very materially in the near to midterm. Maybe in the longer term, 
when in India, the demand for high voltage or extra high voltage cables is pretty high, 
probably at that point of time, the other type of cables can help in terms of our 
performance. But otherwise, in the near to midterm, I think your low voltage and medium 
voltage cables will be the primary driver of growth for the industry as well as for the larger 
players. 
Dhruv Jain: 
And just one clarification, we see a declining revenue in the EPC segment. So just wanted 
to understand what's happening there? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Dhruv, we have an order book in place for our EPC business, and that is something that we 
have to execute over the course of next 2 to 3 years. During those 2 to 3 years, on a 
quarterly basis, there might be variation. There are different phases of execution of a 
project. In certain period of time, you are supplying material, in other phases of time, you 
are executing the project. Whenever you are supplying, in those quarters, the margin 
profile will be relatively better. Whenever you are executing, it will be a bit softer. So that 
variation will exist during the different quarters in a year. But if you look at more of a yearly 
number, we'll be able to generate pretty much in line with what we have guided in the last 
year.  
And overall, if you take near to midterm, the contribution from EPC business will continue 
to be in 5% to 10% range, which is where we are hovering right now. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Good afternoon team. Thank you for the opportunity. Couple of questions. One is in terms 
of the EPC, you said 5% to 10% range. But with BharatNet, do you see that percentage 
going up for next 3 years or you think that is already built in this number? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
EPC execution on BharatNet will begin from the second half of this year. That is when the 
revenue accrual will start happening. But again, over there, looking at the kind of demand 
which is there in our cables and wires business as well as the FMEG growth that now we 
are witnessing, I don't see the contribution of EPC going materially above 10%.  
On a quarterly basis, as I was mentioning, probably when you are supplying or when the 
execution is a bit high, probably in a particular quarter, you might see the contribution go 
up a bit. But overall, on a yearly basis, I don't expect it to go above 10% in the longer term. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. But the margin should improve, right? Because this has a higher margin, as 
you said, 12% to 14% margin for the BharatNet orders, right? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
That is true. We will be able to generate 12% to 14% of EBITDA margins from the BharatNet 
piece. From the RDSS order book that we have, we'll be able to generate high single digit 
of margin profile. 
Achal Lohade: 
And what is the progress on the RDSS? Are we seeing further orders or they have slowed 
down? Any update on the same? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, there are new orders, new tenders which have opened up and which we have bid for. 
During the course of this year, obviously, we will be able to know the results of that. But 
the RDSS scheme is up till the end of FY26. So, there are still a few more tenders which are 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
yet to be opened up, and we'll probably try and participate wherever we are comfortable 
with. So, the traction continues even in RDSS. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Just another question at the industry level. In terms of capacity expansion at the 
industry level, what is the extent of expansion in your estimate? Is it like 40%, 50%? Is it 
like 20% over next 3 years, whatever known numbers or known players basis that, what is 
your assessment? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So Achal, I guess there are only 3 or 4 large listed players who give out those numbers, and 
that is the limited visibility that even we have. But what is more important is not just looking 
at what supply is coming in, but also in what phases they are coming in and against that, 
what is the demand which is upcoming.  
Over there, we are very comfortable that the demand which we foresee in the near to 
midterm that will absorb the capacity, which is about to come from all the 
announcements that we've heard till date in the next 3 to 4 years. And that is where we sit 
pretty confident that there shouldn't be any impact in terms of industry growth or the 
growth rate for the larger players in the near to mid-term. 
Achal Lohade: 
Perfect. And just last question, if I may. What is the volume mix in terms of the copper 
stock, aluminum for the quarter? Any ballpark mix? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
It's largely same. There is no material change over there. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, you spoke about Etira brand. So, what will be the, let's say, 
revenue share of Etira as a percent of total sales as well as the other premium brand, 
which we had introduced Hohm. So, if you can indicate both the revenue shares? That is 
question one. And secondly, as far as solar products is concerned, now that is a business 
which is going extremely well. So, what are the products that the Company is looking to 
enter, for example, solar pumps or, let's say, a rooftop solar or what are the overall 
aspirations in this solar business? That's it from my side. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Aniruddha, on the wires side, wherein we introduced Etira, Hohm is not a brand that 
we introduced in wires, that was in a different category, which was in Home solutions. Etira 
was specifically introduced for Tier 3 to 5 cities and the contribution from Etira would now 
be in high teens of the overall retail wire sales that we do. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
The other ranges that we introduced in wires on the premium side were Maxima and 
Suprema. Both of them, again, are in double digits, close to around 20% in terms of their 
contribution to the wires sales.  
As far as the solar-related question is concerned, as of now, we are primarily into solar 
inverters, and we are not looking to expand it to any other product categories.  
Of course, along with solar inverters, you are also able to sell solar cables and 
switchgears. So that is something which we kind of try to club and cross-sell. But other 
than that, we are not looking at expanding into any other categories right now. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Surely. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arshia Khosla from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Arshia Khosla: 
So, my first question would be on the FMEG part of the business. So, I mean, the solar has 
done very well for us. It's a 2x growth for us. Can you just specify your geography from 
wherein the demand is coming in from? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure, Arshia. So as far as solar is concerned, largely the demand driver has been because 
of the government's rooftop solar scheme. Over and above that, there are certain states 
where they have also introduced their own rooftop solar incentivization scheme. So 
largely, the demand that we are seeing are from those states.  
To name a few, I think Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, MP, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and 
UP are few of the states where we have seen very good traction coming in for the solar 
inverters business. 
Arshia Khosla: 
That's helpful. And secondly, on the capex part, you've already done a ₹ 4.1 billion capex 
in quarter 1. So can you just specify which segment was this capex allocated to? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, it's largely on the cables and wires business. As we had mentioned, most of the capex 
that we are going to do over the next 5 years is for the cables and wires business. As of 
now, there is no immediate requirement for any incremental capex for the FMEG business. 
Probably it will be towards the end or the mid- to end part of the next 5 years.  
So, all of the capex largely that we do right now is either for the cables and wires business 
or maybe some for backward integration. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Thank you. Thanks for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for opportunity and many congratulations for a good set of numbers. First 
question is related to FMEG only. So that's a clarification like this quarter, especially the 
contribution of a solar product has increased. Otherwise, the overall fan and light 
contribution on theYoY basis, if I look at, that is on the higher contribution to your portfolio 
in the FMEG? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
That's true, Praveen. In this quarter, solar was the largest contributor. If you look at last 
year, fans and lights were the largest contributor, solar was the third largest contributor to 
the FMEG top-line. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, is it a solar inverter is quite related to the government solar rooftop, the scheme 
projects? Is it treated as a one-off kind or do you believe this to continue in the coming 
quarters as well? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
We believe the demand is going to be very sacrosanct at least in the near to midterm. The 
government scheme is there, and yet, I think only 20% of that has taken off. And over and 
above that, as I mentioned, there are various state-level schemes which have been 
introduced. Until those schemes continue, at least next few years, we are expecting 
continuous demand for solar inverters. So that's the near to midterm visibility that we have 
over there. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And the second clarification related to the EPC, as you had mentioned ₹ 80 billion 
order book, that include your ₹ 56 billion of BharatNet order book? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
The BharatNet order book is the ₹ 80 billion that I mentioned. Over and above that, there 
is an RDSS order book, which is roughly around ₹ 38 billion to ₹ 40 billion. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And these are executable over how many years, time frame? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Next 3 to 4 years. All of it has to be executed over the course of next 3 to 4 years. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And the last question related to the wire and cable. As you had already mentioned 
that the extra high voltage, you don't have a much business for that. But the way forward, 
can we expect that by FY27, we will see some contribution from the extra high voltage to 
come in for you? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So extra high voltage, as you'll be aware, is a tender-based business. So once the plant is 
up and commissioned, you'll have to go and bid for the tender. And if you win, that is when 
you start executing and when you start accruing revenues. So probably any form of 
meaningful revenue accrual will only happen in FY28. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidit Trivedi from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Most of the questions have been answered. 
Just wanted to know on the solar products. You have mentioned that this is now the largest 
category in FMEG. What's the scale of this opportunity? And how is the product portfolio 
evolving? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Vidit, we have the sole product category, as I mentioned, solar inverters. Obviously, 
there are requirement of various ancillary products as well if you look at the overall solar 
rooftop opportunity, but we are not in that right now. We obviously are into solar inverters 
and wherever solar cables and switchgears can be a part of that order, we try to cross-sell 
that. 
 
As far as the opportunity size is concerned, I think we can just sum up the outlay that 
various schemes of the central government as well as state government have and 
probably that is almost 1/3rd of the overall cost of the outlay that happens on solar rooftop. 
So, that sum multiplied by 3, is the overall opportunity size for solar rooftop. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Got it. And what's the margin contribution of solar products in the overall FMEG basket? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
It will vary across product categories. As I was mentioning, solar cables is what will have 
contribution in the wires and cables category. Solar inverters has now a large contribution 
in the FMEG category, so it will vary. And obviously, I mean, it'll keep on changing over the 
next many quarters. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Got it. Thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Invesco AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Congrats on the numbers. Just one question. So, would you plan to set up a plant, let's 
say, internationally in the next 18 - 24 months? What are your thoughts on this? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Manish, thanks for the question. Very good question. In the longer term, yes. See, if you 
look at the other larger global players like Prysmian, Nexans, etc., the way that they have 
looked at the growing globally is setting up manufacturing plants at multiple locations. But 
as of now, we are not at that scale. In the near to midterm, we don't have any plans of 
setting up manufacturing plants outside India. 
 
The benefit that we have when we are exporting our cables is because of the low-cost 
manufacturing, which is available in India. And that is where we'll continue to invest in 
setting up or expanding our capacities in the country itself. If you are thinking of more 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
longer term, maybe next decade or a couple of decades, probably that is where we'll 
definitely have to think about going outside India, but not required in the near to midterm. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Gandharv Tongia for closing comments. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you so much for taking out time and joining us for this call. We deeply appreciate 
and value your support over the period. In case there are any unanswered questions or 
you want to share any feedback to us, please feel free to reach out to me or Chirayu. You 
can also write to investor.relations@polycab.com. Thank you. Have a great day ahead. 
Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Polycab India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
