Poly Medicure Limited 
Regd. Office: 232 B, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Estate, 
Phase-Ill, New Delhi - 710 020 (INDIA) 
T:+97 -77 - 33550700,47377000 
E: info@polymedicure.com W: polymedicure.com 
CIN: L 40300DL 7 995PLC066923 
Date: 01st October, 2025 
Scrip Code: - 531768 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001. 
·,:tlPOLYMED 
Scrip Code:-POLYMED 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1-Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400051. 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of Anayst/lnvestor Conference Call on the Proposed 
Acquisition of Citieffe Group under the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulation, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit Transcript of the investor/ Analyst Conference Call 
held on 25th September, 2025 at 16:00 P.M. 1ST, on the Proposed Acquisition of Citieffe 
Group by Poly Medicure Limited, which were considered and approved by the Board of 
Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 24th September, 2025. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely 
For Poly Medicure Limited 
A vinash Chandr 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A32270 
Encl: As above 
Plants : Plot No. 104-105 & 115-116, Sector-59, HSIIDC Industrial Area, Ballabgarh, Faridabad - 121004, Haryana (INDIA) 
Plot No. 33-34, Sector-68, IMT, Faridabad - 121004, Haryana (INDIA) T : +91 -129-4287000, 3355070 
AVINASH 
CHANDR
A
Digitally signed 
by AVINASH 
CHANDRA 
Date: 2025.10.01 
15:45:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Poly Medicure Limited 
Update on the Proposed Acquisition of Citieffe Group, 
Conference Call” 
September 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU BAID - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL GAUTAM - PRESIDENT, STRATEGY AND 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT,  

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the conference call of Poly Medicure Limited 
to provide an update on the proposed acquisition by the company of Citieffe's Group. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Gautam, President, Strategy and Corporate 
Development at Poly Medicure Limited. Thank you. And over to you, Mr. Rahul Gautam. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Thank you, Sagar, and good evening to everyone on the call. We appreciate you being here to 
discuss about our second acquisition in the month of September of Citieffe. Before I jump into 
discussing this acquisition, I would also like to inform the participants that we closed the 
PendraCare acquisition on 23rd of September. From that day onwards, PendraCare has now 
formally become part of Polymed Group, and we are excited to have them as part of the Polymed 
Group. 
 
Moving on to the acquisition of Citieffe. You might have seen in the presentation, in the press 
release that was released yesterday for signing on the occasion of signing of the share purchase 
agreement between Poly Medicure B.V., which is a subsidiary of Polymed, with the selling 
shareholders of MediStream, which is Swiss Corporation. Over the next 5 to 10 minutes, I will 
briefly talk about our rationale for this acquisition and give you an overview of Citieffe Group 
and then open it up for Q&A that you might have. 
 
Starting with the macro picture. I mean orthopedics is obviously a large segment in the overall 
medical devices sector, it's about $61 billion, growing at about 3% to 4%. Within that, trauma 
and extremity is the largest segment at about $12 billion, and it's growing the fastest at about 6% 
to 7%. US is the biggest market, I mean, like all medical devices segment, orthopedic also is 
dominated by US with almost 67% of sales in orthopedics being done in US followed up by 
Europe. 
 
APAC is the fastest-growing segment. Within that, India is the third largest market behind China 
and Japan. India contributes close to 3% of global orthopedic market. The space is fairly 
consolidated with the top five players having almost 60% of market share. Despite that, there 
are a number of local players in each geographies who through innovative products and servicing 
of the customers being able to build strong businesses locally, and that's where Citieffe also sort 
of fits in and positions quite well. 
 
As I mentioned, trauma and extremity is the largest and the fastest-growing segment, but it's also 
very resilient. If you look at the trajectory of orthopedic space during COVID, they fall in the 
extremity in the trauma space for the least because this is a segment where you cannot delay the 
treatment. And unlike in case of elective situations like knee and hip replacements. So it's a fairly 
resilient sector and the growth has been fairly consistent, pre-COVID and post-COVID as well. 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
Just on the trauma and extremity, the geographical spread is also similar to overall orthopedic 
with US having close to 65% of the overall market. Europe having close to 17% and balance 
being contributed by the rest of the world. 
 
I'll just move on to now giving you an overview of Citieffe. It's a company which was set up in 
1962 in Italy. So it's been around for a very long time. And then they are vertically integrated 
manufacturer, specializing in trauma and extremity products. Their products are fully MDR 
certified in Europe and have acquisition in the key market of US as well as other key Latin 
American markets. 
 
In terms of manufacturing capability and location, it's based in Bologna, Italy. They operate 
close to 2,100 meters square of manufacturing facility in the city of Bologna and it's currently at 
60% capacity utilization. And with the third with the ability to add third shift to the business, 
there is significant headroom available for  to serve the customer through this facility. 
 
Just talking about the key strengths of the company. It's an integrated business model. So right 
from product R&D to product development, manufacturing, distribution, the entire piece is 
completely controlled by the company, which makes them very, very interesting. Again, for a 
company of this size to have direct sales presence in the markets of Italy, US and Mexico is quite 
credible. And then they've been able to grow in each of these markets on a fairly long time. 
 
As I said, they have very strong KOL relationship, that's another important differentiator when 
they compete with the global players, their agility in terms of product development, in terms of 
being able to meet the market needs at a much faster speed is what differentiates them and makes 
them sort of competitive in the market. They have 45 patents with six R&D team members and 
they intend to launch three to five new products every year, which is something they've been 
doing in the past. 
 
Exceptional quality, very low complaint rates that the company had in the history with a 
complaint rate of 0.001%, which again becomes a huge differentiator in the minds of the 
surgeons to be able to use their products. 
 
As I mentioned, the product is fully MDR-compliant. One of the few companies of this size, 
we've been able to get all the products certified in the  even the new MDR regulations, and I 
have accreditation in US and other 25 plus markets. 
 
Moving to  on the financial performance of the company. In the year 2024, the company 
delivered a revenue of close to 17.3 million which delivered a 15% growth on a year-end basis 
and EBITDA of about 3.1 million, which is year-end growth of 14%. I'm also very pleased to 
inform that the existing management team, which has been around for a long time, is continuing 
to  has joined the Polymed Group and is going to be driving the future growth. Mr. Pascal Govi, 
who has been the CEO of the company since 2019 will continue to remain the CEO and build 
the business with the help of Polymed Group. 
 
We truly believe that we have a fantastic team led by Mr. Pascal Govi. And we do think that 
with the help of Polymed Group, much greater growth can be achieved by this company over 
the course of the next few years. 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Moving on to transaction overview. We are acquiring 100% of the company from the selling 
shareholders of MediStream. MediStream one of the key shareholders of MediStream was 
ARCHIMED, which is European private equity fund focused on health care, they own close to 
66% company and balance was held by multiple shareholders. 
 
So we are taking 100% in MediStream, which is the Swiss Corporation, which holds all other 
companies under it, including Citieffe SRL which is the company main company where you 
have the manufacturing facilities and the R&D facility is located. We have valued the company, 
an equity valuation of about EUR18.8 million and we'll be repaying shareholder loan of about 
EUR4.2 million as part of the closing. 
 
So that's a EUR23 million payout that will happen on closing, and we're taking over a debt of 
about EUR8 million. So that values the company at about EUR31 million enterprise value, which 
on the basis of reported EBITDA of 2024 values the company at about 10x EBITDA. 
 
Moving on to why this asset, and why this space? As I said orthopedic is a large segment, 
growing segment, the underlying growth drivers well in place for the orthopedic sector. And so 
it gives us access to a very large part of our medical devices in plant segment. 
 
Second one, as I said, it's a very differentiated product portfolio to have an implant approved in 
EU MDR, it's a big achievement for a company like Citieffe and to have presence in the strategic 
market of US with direct sales presence in those markets and having access to surgeons there is 
a huge advantage. 
 
They have a very strong position in the markets they're operating. In Italy, they're the second 
largest player with about 12% market share. In Mexico, again, they have close to 12% market 
share amongst the top players in those markets, and US they're slowly gradually increasing their 
presence and getting greater coverage of the hospitals. The fact that it's an integrated business 
with end-to- end capabilities from R&D to marketing and sales with direct sales presence in 
markets is a huge advantage. 
 
We believe that the asset has good amount of growth potential going forward. It's been growing. 
If you look at slightly longer-term trajectory at 10% to 12% CAGR with the help of Polymed 
and our distribution network, we should be able to double the business in the next 5 years. 
 
This obviously includes the synergies that Polymed Group will bring on the table. One of the 
most nearest sort of synergy that we see is to introduce plates as part of the product portfolio, 
something which has been missing in the company's portfolio currently. 
 
Just talking about the synergies, like one I've already touched based on the fact that the product 
portfolio expansion in the near term in place and in the medium to long term to enter other 
segments of the orthopedic space is clearly an opportunity. US expansion is an important part of 
our growth journey. 
 
As I said, it's a big market, 67% market is in US It's a fairly high paying market. The realizations 
in US are significantly higher than other parts of the world. So your ability to go and cater to 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
that market by expanding your sales reps and increasing your sales presence in those markets 
could be hugely value accretive. 
 
Another opportunity is obviously outsource part of manufacturing process in India, which can 
make products more competitive and supply to markets which are more cost competitive or cost 
sensitive. And that's where Polymed come in and create significant value for Citieffe as well as 
for the group. 
 
Obviously, an opportunity to build a BU or business unit in India for direct sales in the Indian 
market for Citieffe products. We are evaluating those opportunities. India is a very attractive 
market for orthopedic space. It's been going quite well, with domestic companies taking market 
share away from MNCs. We believe with a differentiated portfolio of Citieffe, we could further 
increase the presence of the local companies in that market. 
 
Other opportunities obviously to expand distribution network in other parts of the world where 
Citieffe currently doesn't have presence. So these are some of the synergies that I see and we are 
quite excited about having Citieffe joint Polymed Group. 
 
Just to complete my opening remarks. This transaction starts the journey for Polymed in the 
orthopedic space is the new adjacency within the medical devices space, which Polymed has 
entered into on top of cardiology, critical care and renal care that we've entered in the last 5 to 7 
years. We believe that orthopedic is a very attractive space with significant growth potential over 
the course of next many, many years. And we believe that Citieffe is the right kind of platform 
for us to use and expand in that space. 
 
With that, I finish my opening remarks and open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Would you be able to disclose the gross margins of the acquired company? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. So the gross margins of the company are in excess of 90% plus in this space. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And would we kind of will need to invest in production capacities to kind of take the 
business forward from here? 
Rahul Gautam: 
You mean in Italy? 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So what kind of capex we'll require to kind of expand the business from here, so the production 
capacities basically? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. So I think there is a reasonable amount of capacity that's available to sort of fund the growth 
needs at least in the near term. We don't expect any significant capex to be done. The regular 
capex for this company is between 1.5 million to 2 million a year. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And what's the gross block, clinical gross block in value terms? 
Rahul Gautam: 
The gross  I have the net block number. That's about EUR5 million. 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And the immediate priority would be to build presence in India. Is that the right assumption? 
Rahul Gautam: 
No, I think the most nearest opportunity of synergies to add plates as a product. Just that you 
understand, in trauma, nails, crews, plate, go hand in hand and in a lot of public tenders, you can 
participate only if you have a comprehensive portfolio, which basically means that Citieffe 
currently is not able to participate in some of the tenders because they don't have plates. So that 
seems to be the nearest opportunity. 
 
We will evaluate India angle as we go deeper with the management, both from a distribution 
perspective because you understand we don't have direct sales in India for orthopedic system 
now. So that's something which will take time. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And would you be able to kind of share some color on how this company is different from  so 
you would know recently Zydus acquired a French company in the same space. So is this a 
similar company to the French company or there are differences? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. So I mean, obviously, they are in the larger orthopedic space like Citieffe, but their main 
product is knee implant. But Citieffe is into, as I said, trauma and extremities segment, which is 
into nails and plate  nail, screws and instrumentation. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And this trauma and extremities itself is a $16 billion global market? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. I think it's currently $12 billion and I expect it to go to $16 billion in the next few years. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And in terms of the product portfolio, you said we'll be kind of introducing two to three products 
every year. So what  so currently, in terms of addressing the market, what portfolio we have, 
like do we have 20% of the portfolio in trauma and extremities or we have 30%, if you can give 
some sense like... 
Rahul Gautam: 
Vishal. It's basically  when you say three to five new products, it could also be in the same 
product, just adding a new feature which makes it differentiated from what's available in the 
market. So R&D is a continuous process like the way it's happening in Polymed, we're increasing 
new products on a yearly basis. So they have a fairly good coverage from a trauma perspective 
when it comes to nails. 
 
And they cover most of these bones that get impacted by the trauma events. But plates, which 
is, again, almost 40% of the overall trauma market, I'm just talking very macro numbers. That's 
a piece of product which is currently missing from the portfolio. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And are there any Indian players into this space who are kind of manufacturers? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. I mean there are  obviously, I think all geographies have multiple local manufacturers and 
so does India. India has a fairly large base of manufacturers who are operating in this space. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So would you kind of consider kind of shifting your manufacturing to India. Would that make 
sense in this kind of envisage? 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Rahul Gautam: 
We have currently no such plans. I think the facility there is doing a very good job. And the 
customers, they know the product being manufactured in Europe. So we currently have no plans 
to move the manufacturing to India. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Karan Gupta from ACMIIL. 
Karan Gupta: 
So my first question, on the gross margin, you said 90% to Citieffe. And the EBITDA margin is 
around 17% to... 
Rahul Gautam: 
Karan, we can't hear you well. There seems to be some disturbance behind you. 
Karan Gupta: 
So the gross margin, you said 90%, 9-0, am I correct? 
Rahul Gautam: 
That's correct. 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes. So gross margin is 90% and EBITDA margin is 17% to 18%. So what's the operating cost 
here taking major share? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Obviously, the gross margin is basically the cost of material that is there. Obviously, labor cost 
on top, the sales cost, the marketing cost is all of that plus the corporate overheads is all back 
between the gross margin and EBITDA margin. 
Karan Gupta: 
So basically, overhead cost is basically the higher portion? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Not just overhead cost, but also the other parts of manufacturing, which is labor and other 
manufacturing costs because that's how the gross margin is reported, right? Gross margin is your 
cost of goods sold. 
Karan Gupta: 
After gross margin, the difference between gross margin and EBITDA, I'm just saying your labor 
cost and all, manufacturing cost is basically the part. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Plus sales cost, right? Because the company has direct sales presence. So even the cost of sales, 
marketing, all of that is covered through gross margin. 
Karan Gupta: 
And going forward, asset turn, what asset turn you're expecting? Right now it is around more 
than three. Fixed asset turn? Yes, yes, fixed asset turn? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Currently, I said, there is a significant amount of headroom available to grow the business within 
the current facility without significant capex being required. So it is possible that we could do 
significantly higher revenue from here where we are today without adding much capex, I said 
between 1.5 million to 2 million of capex is done as it is in the business. 
 
That also includes instrumentation just that you know because for trauma, you also need 
instruments, which are provided to the surgeons for undertaking the surgery. So I think without 
any significant capex, we could  we can double the revenue in the next 5 years. 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay. Without significant capex, you are saying? 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. 
Karan Gupta: 
And is it possible to take the margin  EBITDA margin from 17%, 18% to our blended margins 
around 25% - 26%? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Early to provide guidance on how the margin will expand. I think it's very clear that there is an 
operating leverage play that will happen in this company as the sales increase. So far the 
company has been operating in a constrained environment and obviously, did not have plates as 
a product portfolio. 
 
Now for us to expand revenue from current 17 million, 18 million revenue to 25 million to 30 
million revenue doesn't require significant increase in fixed costs. So that flow-through of 
margin from gross margin to EBITDA should be better as the revenue increases from where it 
is today. 
Karan Gupta: 
So what was your value proposition to the promoter of the company, that how did you want to 
turnaround or maybe take the leverage of your distribution channels and networks. So what was 
the  basically the value proposition here? 
Rahul Gautam: 
And I think... 
Karan Gupta: 
To close the European market. 
Rahul Gautam: 
This is not a space where Polymed has been operating in the past. So it's  in a way, it's a platform 
for us to enter into a space which Polymed did not have sort of presence in. So that's very 
important to understand. Obviously, we have very strong capabilities on R&D side, which we 
can build here in India by sort of having people from the orthopedic space come and join us and 
help the team in Italy to develop products much faster and then also develop products for the 
Indian market. 
 
Secondly, I think clearly the fact that we have a global distribution network already. Citieffe 
could leverage that to get into markets where they don't have presence today. And thirdly, with 
time, there are obviously areas in manufacturing side by moving some parts of the processes to 
India, which will make them competitive. 
Karan Gupta: 
And can you tell us the pricing of products and/or anything? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Sorry? 
Karan Gupta: 
Pricing of the products of this Citieffe? 
Rahul Gautam: 
We don't give product pricing, Karan. 
Karan Gupta: 
So combine this Citieffe and one more acquisition you've done? So overall blended growth, you 
are seeing 20%, 22%. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Do you mean for Polymed? 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes. What was the guidance? 
Rahul Gautam: 
I mean I think guidance  so I think we've guided for the three businesses separately. Polymed, 
we have obviously guided given the guidance for the Polymed organic business in the Q1 call 
as well. We think that on the PendraCare, we had mentioned that the asset could grow in high 
single digit to low double digit on its own currently. 
 
And we expect similar kind of growth profile for even this asset. Currently, we haven't accounted 
for the synergies that will happen. I think it's early to give guidance on how the synergies will 
help overall revenue growth. But over the course of next few quarters, we'll come back to you. 
Karan Gupta: 
Just one last question on this. If I may ask on PendraCare in this call. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Okay. One, you can ask one. 
Karan Gupta: 
So here, just wanted to know the size of the opportunity of this cardiology, your products 
catheters, as you mentioned in your orthopedics. 
Rahul Gautam: 
You want to know what's the total global market size of cardiology catheters? 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes, yes. 
Rahul Gautam: 
I think each both diagnostic and guiding catheters put together each segment is at 1.5 billion, 
each, global market. 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay. What  sorry, I think I missed it. 
Rahul Gautam: 
It's 1.5 billion for diagnostic and 1.5 billion for guiding. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Congratulations to you, Mr. Gautam and also to Mr. Baid and family as well for the acquisition. 
First, on the acquisition, could you first specify these devices, are these Class III devices as per 
FDA classification? And also, since you mentioned there is a direct presence in the US. So are 
there products and panel with all the top GPOs there like Vizient, Premier, and HealthTrust? If 
you could clarify on that? That will be my first question. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. So these are Class IIB products in Europe and USA. These are not Class III products. And 
no, so this is currently our products are being sold through the direct sales reps that we have. So 
we don't have  contracts on the GPO is there, but our own team or what is called a 1099 agents 
in the US. Those are the people who are distributing those products to trauma centers and 
hospitals in the US. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
So just for my better understanding, because earlier I was under the impression that most of the 
procurement in the US would have happened through these large GPOs and it's possibly top 
four, five, which control majority of the procurement. So are you directly going on the hospitals 
with the sales rep or in a way, does that get supplied to GPOs and which in turn applies to those 
hospitals? 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Rahul Gautam: 
No, no. So your understanding that the entire business happens through GPO is not correct. 
Obviously, you have medical devices companies who have direct sales reps like the way we 
have in India, where people are going directly through their own sales team to go talk to the 
stakeholders. Similar model also exists in the US. 
 
Obviously, you have large GPOs operating in the US of the names that you've taken. But like to 
way Citieffe has direct sales team, which is going and talking to hospitals and surgeons and are 
present in the OTs as well when the surgery is going on, that's important to understand. 
Businesses have their own reps going talking to hospitals and surgeons. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure, sure. That's great to know. And what does that mean for Polymedicure in a way because I 
mean, given that you have also been trying to go via the 510(k) approval route, if you already 
have a direct sales force, could there be synergies in terms of you selling more of consumables 
that you have been manufacturing via the same channel? 
Rahul Gautam: 
It is very, very different segments. It's like asking equity guys to sell commodities. It's very 
similar. You can't have orthopedic guys going selling infusion therapy. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
No, no. What I meant was since you already have tied up with hospitals there and you have a 
direct sales team force. And at the end of the day, if the brand  the house of brand remains 
Polymedicure. 
Rahul Gautam: 
And so your  you will go to hospitals where surgeons are fixing broken bones. And the agent 
and the sales rep is going talking to the surgeon and talking about the products, right? It's 
impossible for an orthopedic sales rep to go and say, okay, I'm going to come and sell you IV 
set. It's very different. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
That's well understood. Lastly, I just want to understand because this acquisition in the entire 
history sort of forays into a very different segment. I think most of the other ones, of course, 
there have not been too many, but I think that even the Italy acquisition, even the one that 
happened on PendraCare as well. 
 
These are related consumables. So how is the management promoters thinking in terms of, I 
mean, building or, say, thinking of acquisitions going forward in terms of which areas, 
therapeutic areas? And then what is not  what is open to us or what is not open to us? I think 
that's where I wanted to more get clarity on. 
Rahul Gautam: 
I think on the M&A strategy, which we have said in the past that we want to obviously stick to 
the medical devices and we'll stick to the adjacencies of the medical devices. We have also very 
clearly called out that there are certain segments which are very exciting for us. And we've been 
obviously investing in those segments over the course of last 5 years. And these are all 
effectively driven by the disease burden pattern, right, that's been evolving over the course of 
the last few years. 
 
So we've entered into renal, we went into cardiology, we've entered into critical care and now 
orthopedics. If you look at the overall patient pool and the growth of patient pool in these 
segments is obviously faster than the overall medical devices. So to that extent, we are picking 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
up segments where the underlying demand is quite high, and the growth is higher than the overall 
industry. 
 
I won't say that we have said, okay, we don't want to get into any space. We'll obviously evaluate 
each opportunity on its own merit. But given the fact that we have done 2 acquisitions just now, 
we would want to pause and absorb these at the moment and then sort of get back to potential 
opportunities in the future. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Shah from Marcellus. 
Harsh Shah: 
So in the previous acquisition that we had, there was some incentivization for the top 
management where the stake was supposed to be bought after the few years down the line, and 
there are some based payment as well depending on how the numbers are in, I believe CY '29. 
So similar to that, how  in this one, how are we incentivizing or retaining the top management 
team? Or is there a top management based payment here as well? 
Rahul Gautam: 
So that's an excellent question, I must say, Harsh. And obviously, as you rightly said in 
PendraCare, we had a different situation because one of the founder was the CEO as well. So he 
had an equity stake in the company already, and we incentivized through milestone payments as 
well as earn-out payments over the course of next 4 to 5 years to keep them motivated to build 
the business with Polymed Group. It's a slightly different situation in case of Citieffe, where a 
professional management has been running the business for over 6 years now. 
 
And we've created a sort of an incentive structure or a payout structure, which incentivizes short-
term performance, but also sort of creating a long-term incentive plan, which is basically linked 
to the delivery of the business and financial performance over the course of next 5 years. 
 
So we have very clearly defined targets, and on the treatment of those targets, there is an 
incentive linked payout that which is variable in nature, completely variable in nature which will 
be paid out to the key managerial team of Citieffe. 
Harsh Shah: 
And from Polymed side, can you give some insights on who will be looking after these two 
acquisitions, there is a concern in my mind that have we written off more than 2 years? 
Rahul Gautam: 
So I mean, I think we're creating a group of people, I mean, who will be responsible for 
integration. We are in the mix of finalizing what that executive committee will look like, but we 
will obviously have representation from different functions being part of that group to drive 
individual synergies, which have been decided, either it's on the sales side or on the 
manufacturing side, on the R&D side. 
 
Obviously, under the overall leadership of Himanshu and Rishi, and that's how we're thinking 
about it. We are in the mix of preparing that structure. And at the right time, we'll update you 
guys. 
Harsh Shah: 
And my third question was with respect to having the plates as the product portfolio. It seems 
like a pretty low-hanging fruit here. And as you said that in various public tenders, both the 

 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
September 25, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
products go hand in hand. So just want  curious that why didn't the previous management 
themselves have this product? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Sorry, I missed  I couldn't understand you well. Can you repeat your question, Harshji? 
Harsh Shah: 
So I was asking that you alluded that the major priority is to add a plates as a product segment 
because in various public tenders, plates as well as nails go hand in hand. So my question was 
that why didn't the previous owners themselves add plates as the product portfolio? 
Rahul Gautam: 
I mean I'll take a guess at it because, honestly, it was their choice. But I think this ARCHIMED 
who is the majority owner of this company had invested in this company in the year 2014. I 
think we all know that typically, private equities have a holding period of 5 years. Now in this 
situation, in the holding period, obviously went quite long, it became almost 10 years. 
 
And maybe they had fund constraints because of which they were not able to provide a large 
amount of capital, obviously supported the business by providing incremental capital. And 
maybe that was the reason because if you think about it, to add a plates as a product, it's a 
significant investment. 
 
You will have to have multiple SKUs, need to create inventory. Obviously, then identify the 
products. So it's a significant investment. I'm assuming that was the primary reason that they 
decide to not invest in this space. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Yes. I just have one follow-up. Can you share what is the total investment that has gone into the 
company so far, in total equity and borrowings? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. So their network is about 16.5 million. And on top of that, you add another 8 million, so 12 
million. This is about 28 million, 29 million  say about 30 million of total investment. Sagar, we 
wait for 30 seconds if there are no further we can close now. 
Moderator: 
Sure. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rahul Gautam, for closing remarks. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining on the call. I appreciate your time. This transaction is the 
continuation of our inorganic strategy, where we have very clearly stated that in segments which 
are high technology or gives us access to sort of key markets of Europe and US has been part of 
our core inorganic strategy, and we are  sort of last two transactions clearly demonstrated that. 
We are excited to have Citieffe as part of the Polymed Group and very excited to build a solid 
orthopedic business across the world using that as a platform. Thanks a lot for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Polymedicure Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
