V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LTD.  
P  +91 484 300 5000, 200 5000 
Regd. Office: 42/962,  
 
E  mail@vguard.in 
  
Vennala High School Road,  
 
W www.vguard.in 
 
 
Vennala, Kochi – 682 028.  
 
 
     
CIN: L31200KL1996PLC010010 
August 6, 2025 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001  
The Manager,  
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra-East,  
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532953 
Symbol: VGUARD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. 
This is with reference to the intimation dated July 16, 2025, ﬁled with the stock exchanges in 
terms of regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 
2015, regarding the earnings call to discuss the ﬁnancial results for the quarter ended June 30, 
2025, scheduled on July 30, 2025. The audio recording was ﬁled with the stock exchange. We are 
enclosing the transcript of the Earnings call. The same is also being uploaded on the website of 
the Company at https://www.vguard.in/uploads/investor_relations/V-Guard-Industries-Q1-
FY26-Transcript.pdf. 
 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
Vikas Kumar Tak 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS 6618 
 
Encl: As above 
VIKAS 
KUMAR 
TAK
Digitally signed 
by VIKAS KUMAR 
TAK 
Date: 2025.08.06 
15:05:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“V-Guard Industries Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:MR. MITHUN K. CHITTILAPPILLY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN V – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDARSHAN KASTURI –SENIOR VP & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL  OFFICER – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ARSHIA KHOSLA-NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to V-Guard Industries Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Arshia Khosla from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Thank you, Palak, I, Arshia Khosla, on behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, welcome 
all of you for the first quarter FY '26 earnings call for V-Guard Industries Limited. From the 
management today, we have Mr. Mithun K Chittilappilly, Managing Director; Mr. 
Ramachandran V, Director and Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Sudarshan Kasturi, Senior VP 
and Chief Financial Officer. 
I would now request the management to give their opening remarks, post which we shall open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Thank you, Arshia and the team at Nirmal Bang for hosting today's call. A very warm 
welcome to everyone joining us to discuss our company's operating and financial performance 
for the first quarter of FY ‘25-26. I trust that all of you have had the opportunity to review the 
investor presentation we had shared earlier. 
Top line growth for the first quarter FY '26 was subdued due to weak summer season and the 
high base of last year. Consolidated net revenue from operations for the quarter is INR1,466 
crores, a marginal decline of 0.7% over the revenue recorded in the corresponding period of 
the previous financial year.  
The Electronics segment comprising of Stabilizers, Inverter Systems, UPS Systems and Solar 
Systems delivered moderate revenue growth at 4.5% Y-o-Y in the first quarter. Demand for 
Stabilizers was subdued in line with the overall demand trends for cooling products. But this is 
offset by good growth for other products within the segment. 
The Electrical segment, which remains our largest revenue contributor that includes Wires, 
Pumps, Switchgear and Modular Switches, registered a Y-o-Y growth of 7.6%. Hence, the 
performance was steady, both from a top line and margin perspective.  
In the Consumer Durables segment, covering Fans, Water Heaters, Kitchen Appliances and 
Air Coolers, we reported a revenue degrowth of 16.3% Y-o-Y. Growth was impacted by early 
onset of monsoon, which curtailed the summer season and caused a sharp drop in demand for 
cooling products.  

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Sunflame reported top line de-growth of negative 5.4% on a Y-o-Y basis in Q1. There has 
been some improvement in light of interventions undertaken earlier. And the business has done 
well in general trade, but continues to face softness in the CSD channel. 
We have also initiated actions to merge Sunflame operations with V-Guard, which will fast 
track a realization of the synergy benefits. Since the merger is with the wholly owned 
subsidiary, there will not be any share exchange ratio or change in the shareholding pattern of 
the company. 
In Q1 FY '26, revenues from non-South markets grew by 2.1% Y-o-Y now contributing 52.3% 
of the total revenues, while South market degrew by negative 3.3% Y-o-Y. Our strong 
markets, that is the Southern and Eastern regions were relatively more impacted by the weak 
summer.  
We reported a gross margin of 36.7% this quarter compared to 36.6% in Q1 last year. On a 
sequential basis, the gross margin improved by around 110 basis points from 35.5% in Q4 FY 
'25. As we had indicated last quarter, margin recovery is nearly complete and we are back to 
the pre-COVID margin level.  
EBITDA, excluding other income, for Q1 stood at INR124 crores, declining 20.7% on a Y-o-
Y basis. The EBITDA margin was 8.4%, a reduction of 210 basis points from 10.5% recorded 
in Q1 FY '25.  
Consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was INR74 crores compared to INR99 crores in the 
same period last year. The decline is due to the operating deleverage on account of flattish 
revenues. We expect the demand to normalize in the coming quarters and continue to invest in 
brand building and capacity enhancement. 
With that, I conclude my opening comments, I would like to thank Arshia and the team at 
Nirmal Bang for hosting this call and I would like to request the moderator to open the floor 
for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Asset. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi, good afternoon. This is Rahul from Ikigai Asset. Mithun, three questions. Firstly, you are 
entering into Lighting, just to understand what are you thinking about it, what are the products, 
which segment are we talking about?  
Second question was on ECD. I understand Fans and coolers would have seen a very large 
impact. But when I look at the company history, first quarter has never been, has never seen 
EBIT loss, right, except if I remove the COVID period '21-22? So is it more of a function of -- 
I understand operating deleverage; but because of newer plants, is there more opex sitting 
there, which is why this is impacted or the ad expenses, which have been a bit higher Y-o-Y, is 
that impacted for a specific campaign?  

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Thirdly, some comments on Inverter sales and Wires? That would help. 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. So I'll start with the Lighting. So as you know that we are having a portfolio of categories 
in the Electricals space, and Lighting is the largest sub segment within the Electricals space. I 
mean Lighting and Wires are the two large categories. We were present in Wires and Fans, 
which are the two other large segments, but Lighting was absent.  
And we have been getting a lot of feedback from the channel that there is a huge white space, 
then we are not present and this is creating some gap in the product portfolio. So this is point 
number one. Point number two is we are already having a very, very good network of 
Electricals’ retailers across the country.  
A good part of the 100,000 retailers we have is from the Electrical segment. And Lighting has 
almost 95% overlap with the Wires retailers. So this is the second point that we have the 
channel. So I think it's also; now we believe that we are having enough bandwidth to start 
creating a new category and this is the thought behind it. Ram, do you want to add anything 
about the Lighting category? 
Ramachandran V: 
As you already said, I think it's mainly that we have been under a bit of pressure from our trade 
partners to expand our portfolio and to include Lighting because this company has a bouquet 
of offerings on the Electricals side, and that has been the primary driver for that; and it is to 
complete our basket of offerings. There are a lot of synergies, both on the channel side and 
even on the GTM side. So, the effort required for us to get into Lighting is very, very minimal, 
and that’s why we decided to go for it. 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. On the ECD side, the ECD has got Fans and Air Coolers. Within Fans, there is a segment 
called TPW. TPW business has significantly been lower and so have been the Air Coolers. So 
I think both these have pulled out a good percentage. As far as loss is concerned, we don't 
think it's a huge issue. It is a transient issue.  
And yes, there would be some advertisement expenditure that was booked in both Fans and 
Air Coolers. So it is very much possible that is also one of the reasons that we are hitting a 
loss. But I think this time, we had an extremely cool summer. So last year, we had a very, very 
massively hot summer, which propelled demand for a lot of categories, especially cooling 
products.  
This year, we had the reverse where we hardly had any kind of summer, especially in the 
Southern part of the country and the Eastern part. So, these two being our core markets, we 
faced the headwinds. Wires has done well, because there is a favourable raw material price 
situation in which there were some step-by-step increases of copper prices over the quarter, 
which meant the demand situation was good.  
We were also having inventory to supply. So Wires, in fact, has done well. Switches & 
Switchgears also have done well. They have also grown well. That's not because of any price 
increase. So just so you get, I think we have made some corrections in the team and channel 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
and all that, and that's beginning to deliver fruits. So that's the scenario, as far as your question 
is concerned. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Just a follow-up. So on Lighting, what kind of products are we talking about? And is it that we 
are also going to get into manufacturing of this? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Initially, we are not looking at manufacturing. I think with regards to most of our categories 
that we have entered, they have been seeded by the outsourcing model. Initially, we will not be 
manufacturing, but I think once we get a certain scale, definitely, we will look at 
manufacturing and bringing in efficiency.  
We are looking at the consumer part of the Lighting and the residential part of the Lighting. So 
this is the initial focus. Anything that is going into consumer and residential Lighting is what 
we would look at. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. And a follow-up on ECD, then maybe I'll back in the queue. Was the primary sale for 
fourth quarter very high and hence channel inventory was high and hence, our performance on 
Fans and coolers was a bit subdued versus peers because when I benchmark other listed 
companies, it looks like our degrowth is much higher. Any thoughts on this? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So I think it's more than pre-selling it. It's more of a geographical issue. So South India has a 
much higher share of TPW sales in summer than other parts of the country. And V-Guard is 
one of the largest sellers of TPW Fans in South India. So for us, it's got to do more with; rather 
than selling it in March, most of the degrowth has come from the TPW segment.  
In fact, the Ceiling Fan sales have not grown much. The second is Air Coolers. Air Cooler 
also, beyond a point, we are not able to sell the product because we sell on advance. So we sell 
with a similar kind of terms at the market leader, which is an advanced payment. So even in 
Air Coolers, there is no question of channel being staffed too much because the credit partners 
have to pay advance. So hope it's clear. 
Rahul Agarwal:                    Perfect, Thanks for answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank You Sir, The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Two questions. So now we are merging the acquired entity with ourselves. So what are the 
synergy benefits by merging the Kitchen Appliances business? I guess most of the operational 
synergy benefits are already there, but still, there will be some benefits in terms of reduction in 
the number of invoices or double billing to the trade, etcetera. So what are the total synergy 
benefits that we can look at? That is question number one. 
And question number two, in case of Lighting, no, obviously, this segment, we have seen the 
technology changes are so ramping that even most of the larger players are also finding it 
difficult to, in a way, generate value. So what will be V-Guard’s right to win in this segment? 
This obviously, we have the brand as well as the distribution network also, but what will be the 
focus area. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
I mean, whether it will be B2C more, B2B more and even the distribution network for many 
players is also separate from the ECD or rest of the distribution networks. So how are we 
thinking on these lines? Ya these are the two questions. 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes. I think fundamentally, we're going to be leveraging the brand and the channel and our 
channel relationships. I think that's going to be our fundamental focus. I think initially, our 
strong focus is going to be in our core markets, which is South primarily had to start with, 
which is where we will focus already, and we are pretty confident that we can get some good 
and quick early wins in that area. 
Yes, I think there are challenges. There are different challenges with different categories, I 
think the challenges with Lighting that are different in nature from other categories. But I think 
as an organization over a period of time, we have significantly matured in both our sourcing 
capability and development capability. And we have very strong Electronics capability in the 
company also.  
And so we are pretty confident that we can navigate this. Of course, there will be a learning 
period as with any business, and there will be a learning curve that we will observe in our case 
also. So I think that is on Lighting and the question on Sunflame. So I think more than synergy 
benefit, it is a question of bringing V-Guard’s capability into Sunflame for driving growth in 
Sunflame. Initially, Sunflame is a small entity, which was managed by the promoter. It was 
thinly staffed, it was run in a very, very agile manner, and we had challenges to quickly move 
in our capabilities before understanding the business. I think that we've taken 18, 24 months to 
understand the business, and we are now moving fast with the quick integration. 
To give you an idea, I mean, synergy benefits, financial benefits apart, I mean, that's not the 
focus of why we are doing this. I think I'll give you some sense of; for example, we have about 
70 days, we have integrated the customer service nationally. And what I would say, the call 
resolution rates, 24-hour call resolution rates have gone up to almost 60%.  
And this will progressively get better. So that's one example. So we just want to bring the 
functional strengths of V-Guard into Sunflame, which we believe will significantly empower 
Sunflame’s growth. That, of course, includes also our channel partners and our business 
systems where we have a very strong nationwide sales infrastructure and a very aggressive 
sales infrastructure, which is extremely capable to scale up businesses in shorter period of 
time. So I think thus far, we have been keeping Sunflame away from V-Guard's capabilities, to 
see what will happen to Sunflame. Our capabilities are growing faster, primarily our focus is 
going to be on R&D and NPD and go-to-market. So, we believe we should be able to 
significantly strengthen Sunflame going forward. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Sure. Sir, this is very helpful. Thanks for the explanation. Just one last thing. Will 
Sunflame be rebranded under the V-Guard umbrella? I mean like Sunflame by V-Guard? 
Ramachandran V: 
I think as we have said the last time in the previous call, so we have something where we have 
a project for the long-term strategy, for Sunflame, yes? I think once we conclude that, maybe 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
you'll have a point of view, in maybe a couple of months, on that side. So, we will come back. 
We haven't made a determination in terms of how we will treat that. But of course, I mean the 
moment there is integration of Sunflame and V-Guard. V-Guard's name will be carried by 
every Sunflame pack, as the manufacturer. But that apart, how to position Sunflame whether as 
a sub-brand or as an independent brand, I think there is work happening in that area. We are 
doing some work with consumers and we are also internally doing some work to understand 
what are the best ways to go forward. We have some proposals and a point of view, but we 
have not firmed it up yet. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Sir, just one bookkeeping question. Lighting, are you looking at any revenue targets, 
let's say, over the next 2 years or 3 years? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
No, we wouldn't like to give out any projections as of now. We will update in the next call. I 
don't think we'll be giving more projections anyway. But our first 6 months to 12 months, we'll 
be setting up capability and systems and then only we will look at launching. 
Aniruddha Joshi:                  Okay. Sure Sir and many thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank You Sir. The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Sir, first, on the Lighting side. So you talked about the synergies of, say, cross-selling, GTM 
distribution, et cetera. In general, we are seeing that because of the price deflation, I mean, 
very few brands have been able to grow their Lighting sales in terms of value and also a lot of 
competition from the smaller brands – value conscious brands. So any specific reason? I mean, 
from that perspective, why you would want to enter the segment where growth is not there 
either because of the I mean, technology change or price cuts, but the value growth has not 
been there? That is first point.  
Second question, on the overall margin side, I can see that the employee costs have grown at a 
faster pace, that you earlier explained, that as you grow in-house manufacturing, some of the 
overheads move in-house. So if I look at slightly longer-term data, your EBIT margins, EBIT 
margins are more or less similar. So your gross margin has gone up, but depreciation, 
employee costs and overheads have also gone up and EBIT margin are more or less in the 
range of 7.5%.  
So just to understand, are we yet to see any benefits of in-house manufacturing or why they are 
not yet visible since that EBIT level margins are more or less similar levels? These two are the 
questions, and then will get back in the queue. 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. So regarding the second part, which is EBIT margins, I've said this in earlier calls. So if 
you look at 2019, our larger two competitors, they used to have EBITDA of about 14%. 
Today, both of them are at 10%, whereas we are still having a similar EBITDA of about 9% to 
10%. So you can see that the competition intensity, competitive intensity in the sector has gone 
up and margins have come down for most companies. Whereas we have maintained margins if 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
we look at last 6 years. So, I hope that answers your second point. The first point is on 
Lighting, Ram, you want to take this? 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes, I think you're right. I think the Lighting as a sector has not seen value growth and 
fundamentally because of price erosion. That part is true. But I think that every business has a 
different dynamic and a different challenge and that needs to be managed independently and 
separately and appropriately.  
Fundamentally, yes, not having Lighting and having Lighting has its own advantages and 
disadvantages as part of playing in the portfolio. But I think it's important because we have 
partners and our partners have businesses. We have a gap in our portfolio and we believe that 
incrementally for us, at least for the next 7, 8 years, I think this is not going to be a challenge. 
Although it can be a challenge for an incumbent player who's been in the industry for many 
years, as well.  
The other part of it is also that, yes, I mean, even though there is not value growth, but I think 
that these businesses are profitable. And they are able to do that by managing different cost 
elements differently. So I think at least for us, I mean, next 7, 8 years, I don't see this question 
being a challenge for us, while it may be a challenge for the industry. But I think what it will 
do, it will strengthen our partner’s capability and it will help us to, what I would say, expand 
our network faster and it will also help existing categories to travel more deeper and wider.  
I think in the past, we had multiple challenges. But we believe many of our challenges for 
some of the categories that we had integrated, in the past, are slowly and progressively getting 
out of the way. We now have room to nurture and support one more category. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood, sir. Sir, just one small question on the Electronics side. So relatively weaker 
quarter. And despite that, you have maintained and margins up of 19%. So barring for 
seasonality versus Q1, Q2, Q3, which are relatively smaller, should we assume that, I mean, 
annualized margin of higher than 18%, 19% are sustainable margins? You have earlier talked 
about some strategic initiatives as well. So in that backdrop, what are the sustainable margins 
in Electronics? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. Sudarshan, do you want to take this? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Yes. Okay. On Electronics, yes, I mean the Stabilizers did see a decline in line with air 
conditioner and other cooling products. But then that was made up by a strong performance in 
other products. The Inverter Battery business did well, Solar did well, so that's sort of made up. 
Margin wise, it's been good, but I don't think we should take 18%, 19% as a steady state 
margin. So there are some quarters where we get better margins than usual. Something like 
17% should be okay. 
Keyur Pandya: 
No, sir, on an annual basis? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Yes, so 19% is a bit; it's a good number for that category. That may not remain at that level all 
the time. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Keyur Pandya:                     Okay Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank You Sir. The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. . 
Please go ahead. 
Raman: 
I just wanted to understand that there has been a degrowth in Q1, which you already suggested 
in your previous call. The original guidance of 14% to 15% revenue growth, is it still doable? 
And with respect to the margin, can we expect margin to improve going forward? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So I think how we look at it is when we have a good year, like last year, we grew by about 
17%-odd. So in a challenging year, the growth could come down to 12% to 13%. So I think 
about 11% to 12%; 11% to 13% is what we'll be aiming for this current financial year because 
first quarter has been extremely challenging.  
So what happens with that is almost 60% of our products, 55% to 60% of our products are 
dependent on summer. So when you start with a very, very adverse weather. It is very difficult 
for these categories for then to perform till Q4. So Q4 will determine now how the growth will 
shape out. But typically, we have seen that if we have a good year, we'll grow at 17% and a 
challenging year at 11% to 12%. So that's what this year looks like. 
Raman: 
And sir, on the margins part? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Margins, I think we should be between 8.5% to 9.5% in this financial year. So let's see how it 
goes. 
Raman: 
And sir, my next question is with respect to the Lighting segment, you did like earlier; sir also  
suggested that there has been value degrowth. So I just wanted to understand how much value 
creation do you think this segment will do in terms of your entire business? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So I think when we did some research on the industry, we found that players like Signify, 
which is the largest player with trade brand, Philip's, Havells, Crompton and Surya Roshni. All 
these four players are making healthy EBIT margins in the business. Now the question is on 
the value growth.  
We found that there are sub segments which are growing, for example, Down Lighters and 
Premium Architecture Lighting for residential is growing whereas the growth in lamps, et 
cetera, may be slightly plateaued. So there are sub-segments which are growing. It's not that 
like the entire industry is de-growing.  
And the third thing is we are present in categories like Solar Rooftop where there is a value 
degrowth of 20%, 25% every year for the last 3 years. So it's not something that cannot be 
managed. It is something like Ram said, every category has its own challenges. We don't 
foresee any growth challenges in the first 7- 8 years. But once we become larger, we'll have to 
see. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
But I don't think that this category will remain like this forever. I think there are some 
tailwinds, especially on people migrating from tubes and lamps to more expensive luminaries 
as the houses become more premium and as people start to spend more on interiors. This is 
something that is ongoing. So I think within this particular, Lighting is a very large category. I 
think it's close to INR1 lakh crore or something like that. If you look at the entire Lighting in 
the country, including institutional and all that. So there are sub-segments within the Lighting, 
that are growing. So yes, there are the Lamps; the prices of lamps, the LED lamps are coming 
down, primarily due to efficiency in design of the PCB boards and all that. 
But I don't think it will keep going on every year. I think a lot of the value decline is probably 
close to the bottom as far as that is concerned. But we are more interested to sell a bouquet of 
products, not just lamps, which will make sure that we make money. 
Raman: 
And sir, my final question is with respect to the factories, Indian factories for in-house 
manufacturing that are coming. So what is the current percentage of in-house manufacturing? 
And when will the new factories be coming to online? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So currently, we're at 65%. We have 1 factory, which is 1 more plant for Fans, which is 
undergoing development. We expect that to be operational in 18 months' time. That will make 
Table, Pedestal, Wall – Fans and Ceiling Fans as well. We will have both the TPW as well as 
Ceiling Fans. And yes, we are also setting up one more – that is more of an expansion of the 
existing Battery unit. That, I think, will take about 24 months time. 
Raman:                                  Ok. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank You Sir. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgoankar from Jefferies India. 
Please go ahead. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. Sir, I again have question on Fans. Sir, correct me if I'm 
wrong, but is Fans as seasonal product or it is all the year around product. So I was just trying 
to understand it better. Why would unseasonal rains or a disrupted summer lead to such a big 
decline in the sales and also a negative EBIT? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Okay. So I think in Fans, we have three categories: Ceiling Fans, TPW and Exhausts. The 
Ceiling Fan business has pretty much throughout the year kind of sales, but there will be 
maybe like a 10%- 20% variation between in-season and off season. But the TPW business, 
especially the pedestal Fans, it is an extremely; the pedestal Fan is the largest part of TPW and 
is an extremely seasonal business because what happens, especially in South India, where 
especially markets like Andhra, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, even Kerala. It gets so hot that the 
Ceiling Fan is not able to really cool because it's really, really hot. So people put a second Fan 
in the bedroom, which can force air from the side through the windows, which is cooler than 
the roof which is already hot. So a lot of the purchase Fans, at least in South India and East 
India goes for this reason and they are extremely seasonal.  
So I hope this is clear. So if you look at the pan-India sales, 70% is Ceiling and 30% is TPW 
whereas if you look at South India for us, this drops down to almost 60:40. So in South India, 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
the share of TPW sales is high. And V-Guard traditionally has been  more stronger in TPW. Of 
course, recently, we are also getting good traction in Ceiling.  
So please understand that you will find that players with a South skew will have this kind of a 
challenge. And secondly, there is one more category with Air Coolers. So Air Cooler is also 
our large, it's about INR140-odd crores. So a large decline in Air Coolers also brings down the 
Consumer Durables’ sales in first quarter and Air Coolers is also a high gross margin category 
for us. 
Ramachandran V: 
Just one more point I want to add. See, this year, last year, the summer was exceptionally 
strong. And this year's rains have been exceptionally heavy, and I was just looking at some 
long period average data, in the initial months that I saw long period average is nationally 
almost in double digits and more, yes. And in fact, in the Southern states, it's more than 30% 
up.  
And besides what Mithun talked about, we are a company which is over indexed in terms of 
sales in South and East, right, which have received very, very heavy rains. So the pressure is 
further getting amplified in our numbers, yes. But as Mithun has already said, Ceiling Fan 
sales are flat for us, and the drop is in this particular category is because Southern market has 
seen very, very heavy rain. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Understood. Sir, so would you ascribe that majority of, or rather the main reason for the drop 
in your EBIT margin is because of loss of operating leverage on the general volumes? Or is 
there any further reason to that? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
I think it's majorly operating leverage. There would be some A&P expenditure on Fans and Air 
Coolers that would have happened. But I think it's mostly operating leverage. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Sir, your A&P spend as per your presentation are almost flattish year-on-year. So your overall 
is 3% so… 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Sonali, it may not be spent on the same categories, right? So there could be changes within the 
category here. 
Sonali Salgoankar: 
Understood. Got it. Sir, just one last question from my side about the merger of Sunflame. Sir, 
you did mention certain points on that, but exactly what is the difference post-merger versus 
being a 100% subsidiary, wherein we are expecting a faster pace of synergies right now? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. Ram, do you want to take this? 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes, Sonali, I explained this earlier, right? So let me again explain to you the same, I mean 
clarify the same observation. See, for example, earlier, Sunflame and V-Guard used to operate 
as separate entities. The operational bandwidth inside Sunflame was very, very narrow. So it 
was very difficult for us to replicate our understanding and know how to run some processes 
systems more efficiently than the way that it is running at Sunflame.  

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So that was the reason, initially, we wanted to keep these two separate so that we are able to 
preserve the agility. We are a much larger company work through multiple functions, right? 
And it would have been very difficult to integrate Sunflame at that stage. But after about 18 to 
24 months, the knowledge is in place. And V-Guard’s internal stakeholders have 
understanding and exposure to Sunflame. And we have, as part of our integration projects 
defined a governance framework. We are able to move fast. Now what difference will it make 
I think as I explained to you, giving an example of service earlier in about – it's about 70 days 
now since the systems are coming together. They have come together progressively. We are 
now and we have completed the service integration. We expect in 3 months, right, to reach a 
similar level of customer service TAT – turnaround time. Same is the thing with quality, the 
kind of systems that we have in managing quality and the kind of process we have for 
qualifying vendors. 
All of this is very different, right? So this all activities and capabilities will flow, yes. We have 
maybe 1,500-odd feet on street, we have 1 lakh-plus customers. Many of them are in Kitchen. 
Now it's a lot more easier for us, right, to land the Sunflame offering into many of our 
customers and channels, if it is managed throughout the same sales system. 
So these are the kind of advantages that we will get. So I think it's fundamentally going to 
make Sunflame stronger in its ability to realize outcomes, positive outcomes, right, be it on 
service, be it on quality, be on MPB, or be it on sales, yes? 
Sonali Salgoankar:               Understood. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Ma’am. The next question is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
My first question is regarding the competition density versus the rising private label players, 
say, Amazon Basics? And what differentiates V-Guard’s products in price-sensitive markets? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
I think the hyper competition today is among our various brands. I don't think private label is 
such a big worry, at least in India. What we're seeing is even globally, private label usually 
works in categories which can't be differentiated like chips or flour or food products and stuff 
like that or something like generic items like maybe lamps and those kind of things, bulbs or 
something like that.  
But as soon as there is design involved as soon as there are features involved, private labels 
usually don't have a chance because they are not coming as they are not having that kind of 
sophisticated capability to make products. So, for example, if you asked me, V-Guard has 
about 4,000 SKUs today. I don't know any retailer who has the wherewithal to even manage an 
additional 500 SKUs. So that is the kind of variety that brands offer vis-a-vis a private label.  
So we have seen that the larger chains, they have time and time and again tried to do this, but it 
has not really made any much dent, as you would have seen, right. I mean there was a time 
when Big Bazaar brought out a lot of private labels. Then Reliance keeps trying to do it so. It 
happens, but I don't think in our kind of categories, it has really made much of a dent as yet.  

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So the hyper competition is between existing players getting into adjacent categories. It is also 
certain new brands that are coming up are disrupting the existing categories, maybe using new 
lines of sales like B2C or e-commerce and stuff like that.  
So I wouldn't say private labels, but definitely competitive intensity is up. It's primarily also 
because many companies are not growing and they are thinking that the grass is greener on the 
other side and are entering new categories. So that's the thing.  
I think we have also seen a lot of exits for the last 1 or 2 years, we've seen many companies 
refocusing or removing themselves from the marketplace. So I think it's a natural process of 
cleansing. I think whenever we have something like a slowdown and stuff like that or COVID 
also was a big shock. Whenever we have these kinds of shocks, people tend to exit and go 
back to their core because they have to protect their core business. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Understood, sir. And sir, would you please be able to help me with two data points. Number 
one is now like more than 50% of our revenue is from non-South market. So how many states 
will be contributing around INR500 crores plus of top line for the full year? And going 
forward, what do you see that which reason or state will be able to touch this market? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So I think we don't like to give out these numbers, but we have to understand that we also are 
in a country where you have something like a Maharashtra, which is like almost 10%, 15% of 
India's GDP and then you also have small states. So we have big states and small states. And 
we have states which are geographically larger. So like UP is a very large state. It's a large 
contributor to the GDP, but it is also very large. So we require more than multiple branches. In 
fact, we have three branches in UP alone. Whereas in a state like Kerala we're able to manage 
with one. So I don't think it's right.  
I think we are slowly getting indexed to how the national market is indexed. I think earlier, we 
had a very, very high South skew. Now it has dropped below 50%. I think East has done well 
for us and the other markets are also responding. With the passage of time, we will hit that 
65% of sales from the non-South markets, we are quite confident of that trajectory. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: 
Got it, sir. And sir, is there any way or metric that you guys track for productivity of active 
dealer in South versus non-South region, something like average revenue per dealer? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
See, again, it's not very easy just to see, we are not dealing with homogeneous crowd. For 
example, we will have a Wire dealer who will be doing INR1 crores a month, whereas it will 
be very hard to find a guy selling Switches for about INR1 crores. So it's not very, very; I 
mean, it's not very easy to do that. Ram, you want to talk a little bit about our sales? 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes. I think Mithun saying this is correct. I think it's very difficult to have a thumb rule. But 
there are two issues with that. And at least as far as V-Guard is concerned, our GTM is 
category-based rather than company based. So we might have like many times, partners who 
are doing Switchgear, for example, right? And they may or may not be doing other product 
categories of V-Guard’s. So some of those kinds of challenges we have.  

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So I think that may not be the right metric to look at as far as V-Guard is concerned. Also, 
again, as Mithun talked about, there are large states and there are smaller states.  
There are states by town class. I mean there are cities by town class. And also our entry into 
different states or even in different geographies is at different stages. So even as we speak, 
there are new markets we are entering, right, because we still have a lot of room to cover in 
non-South. So I think it's a bit hard to measure; so we don't try to measure on that attribute. So 
we don't have a perspective like that for this reason. 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So I think how we like to do is that more than in average revenue per dealer. We look at maybe 
average revenue per sales executive and those kind of metrics, that makes more sense. And in 
that sense, we find that Eastern markets since are quite close to the maturity as similar to our 
South market. And the other two zones are slightly behind in that sense. Other than that, it's 
very difficult.  
I mean, it's going to be very, very difficult to have a single view to see. So what we look at is 
counter share, for example, if a retailer is selling 100 units and its split between 3 or 4 brands. 
There, we look at what was our ability to gain more share. This is one part.  
Second is on influencers. So, for example, electrician, plumber, other kind of influencers. We 
also try to see how many of them we are able to cover in each zone. And again, it's very 
difficult because we don't have the market data. We are not sure that if someone asks you how 
many electricians and plumbers are there in India, you will get five different answers. So this 
is the kind of issue we are having. But if you look at it maturity-wise, we would say the 
Eastern markets we are almost there in terms of the maturity, in terms of the average 
throughput per employee and those kind of metrics. The other two markets are slightly behind. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:          Thank you sir. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Gori: 
Sir, Manoj Gori here from Equirus. I have one question. See, if we look at the Electronics 
segment, where we have reported 5% growth. So my question here is, if you look at your 
comment also sounded like South and East were very much impacted because of the poor 
season this year. And we have a lot of exposure to Stabilizers etc this year, the power shortages 
or power cuts were relatively lower. So in fact, that would have impacted our UPS and 
Batteries business as well. Can you throw some like the quality of this 5% growth given the 
current environment? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
No. I think Stabilizers sale is directly linked to weather and the other one is linked to the 
occurrence of power cuts. So they may not; yes, you're right, ideally it should go hand-in-hand, 
but I can tell you that we have had severe power outages in the Southern part of the country 
because of very, very strong winds and rains. So it may not be right to correlate, but we are 
seeing a healthy demand for Inverters and Batteries, and we are also seeing very good demand 
for Solar Rooftops. So that is kind of offset. And we also have to understand that air 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
conditioner stabilizer is about 50% of the total sale of Stabilizers or 50% or 55% of current. It 
is not 100%. So the decline of whatever happens in that stabilizer to overall stabilizer may not; 
it will be half of that. So that is also one reason. It's not like 100% of what we sell is for air 
conditioning. 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes. One more point. Actually, what has happened is we have gone deeper into the value chain 
in Inverters & Batteries, right? So consequently, our competitiveness in that category has 
improved, right? So that is also aiding the business on top of what Mithun has talked about, 
right? 
Manoj Gori:                          Thank you sir. Wish you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from Aionios Alpha 
Investment Management. Please go ahead.  
Abhijit Mitra: 
So regarding this sudden spate of announcements, coming on capacity cuts on your cells and 
modules. I mean, what do you think can be the supply chain impact for Inverters and 
Batteries? And how do you think this will sort of impact the unorganized sector in this space? 
Any thoughts on this? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So you're talking about the Solar PV modules, right? 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Yes, not only that but I mean, all sorts of cells, even for lithium carbonate, which goes into 
Batteries, they are talking of, cuts and all? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So I think definitely it is a supply and demand issue. So we'll wait and see. So for example, if 
suddenly U.S. is going to ban or slap antidumping duty for Indian PV manufacturers or cell 
manufacturers, definitely, that would mean lower prices in India. Because so far, we were not 
able to; because India has a huge anti-import duty against China. So the Indian players were 
protected and they were enjoying better prices and stuff like that. So we'll wait and see. 
Regardless of that, there has been a decrease in prices year-on-year. So because there is 
obviously a glut of supply and also the technology is getting better. In terms of lithium, I think 
I'll ask Ram. Ram, do you want to comment on this? 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes. I think yes, what you're saying is correct. There is a lot of uncertainty around this entire 
space. Naturally, I mean, right now, we know lithium is the primary, what I would say, 
alternate energy chemistry although we have investment in a company called Gegadyne which 
does not have lithium in it, but they are still not at commercial stage.  
So I think, yes, I think it is going to be a big challenge for expanding energy storage. But we'll 
see, I think this is more; again, there has been a lot of uncertainty around some of these things, 
right? And I think what part of what is happening is basically about negotiating better 
outcomes for each other and what part is about protecting and guarding, I think we'll have to 
wait and see. I would say right now is uncertain. We would be speculating an outcome ahead 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
of something that is firmly announced, right? But yes, I mean, that naturally will be a 
challenge. I think on the Battery part, definitely, it will be a significant challenge, right? 
Abhijit Mitra: 
And for Inverters and Batteries, what percentage of your; I mean, would there be imports from 
China as of now? I mean, are there any direct imports from China, which you'd be doing now? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Only the Solar Inverter is imported. So Solar business is about 20% of the overall Inverter 
business. Only that is imported. The rest of the products are all made in India. Only these 
small, that is up to 10KVA, of the Inverters are imported. The rest of the products in the large 
Solar Inverters and the regular Inverters are all made in India. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Okay. So you are importing the entire box, you're not importing to a PCB or NPCB separately? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
So no one is; there is no technology in India that is available for small Inverters that is up to 5 
KV. Almost 99% is imported. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Understood. String Inverters are all imported essentially. 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. Anyway, Electronics everything and anything is imported. So whether it's China, Taiwan 
or Singapore or South Korea, Electronics are anyway imported unless India starts making 
them. 
Abhijit Mitra:                      Got it. Thanks for the clarity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Anshul Jethi from LKP Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Anshul Jethi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So most of my questions have been answered. Just one last 
bookkeeping question. Just going through your segmental reporting in Electronics segment, 
there has been a decrease in the assets part. So has there been a significant reclassification in 
the assets? Or any major asset being divested? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
One minute.  
Anshul Jethi:                        Sure. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
So, I think it's just normal business variations. 
Anshul Jethi: 
No major divestment, right? 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
No. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Mithun K. Chittilappilly: 
Yes. So I think we can close today's call. Thank you all for taking time to join our earnings 
call. I would like to thank Arshia and the team at Nirmal Bang for hosting this call. We look 
forward to interacting with all of you in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
The transcript has been edited for clarity and it may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility of such errors. 
