                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
A Kirloskar Group Company 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1, Hadapsar Industrial Estate, Hadapsar, 
Pune, Maharashtra 411013 
Tel: +91 (20) 26727000 
Fax: +91 (20) 26870297 
Email: sec@kirloskar.com | Website: www.kirloskarpneumatic.com 
CIN: L29120PN1974PLC110307 
 
Ref.: SEC&LEG/208 
July 30, 2025  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code – 505283 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051.  
NSE Symbol: KIRLPNU 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Conference Call 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and in continuation of earlier communication vide letter SEC&LEG/181 dated July 19, 2025; we inform that the 
Conference Call for Investors and Analysts was held on Wednesday, July 23, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (IST) to 
discuss on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.  
 
The Transcript of the Conference Call is enclosed and is available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.kirloskarpneumatic.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
 
 
 
Jitendra R. Shah 
Company Secretary  
Membership No. 17243 
Jitendra Rajaram 
Shah
Digitally signed by Jitendra 
Rajaram Shah 
Date: 2025.07.30 15:35:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. SRINIVASAN - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
KIRLOSKAR PNEUMATIC COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. RAMESH BIRAJDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
KIRLOSKAR PNEUAMTIC COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. JITENDRA SHAH – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
KIRLOSKAR PNEUAMTIC COMPANY LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. AMIT SHAH – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Shah from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Shah: 
Thank you, Nidhi. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, I 
welcome you all to 1Q FY '26 Post Earnings Call of Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited. 
To discuss the Results, we have the Senior Management Team of the Company represented by 
Mr. K. Srinivasan – Managing Director of the Company, and Mr. Ramesh Birajdar – Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company. 
I would request Mr. Srinivasan to give us the opening remarks, post which we can open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Thank you for joining the call today. I know many of you are disappointed with the results. 
And I owe it to all of you to explain the results and to assure you that things are not as bad as it 
looks. 
On this call, I have with me Mr. Ramesh Birajdar – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Jitendra 
Shah – the Company Secretary. 
Before we proceed with the business update, let me ask Mr. Jitendra Shah to read out the 
disclaimer statement. Jitendra? 
Jitendra Shah: 
Thank you, sir. 
The Presentation uploaded on the website of the Company and discussion on the financial 
results during the earnings call may contain statements relating to future business development 
and economic performance that could constitute forward-looking statements. While these 
forward-looking statements represent the Company's judgment and future expectations, a 
number of factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from 
expectations. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking 
statements to reflect future events or circumstances. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
Further, investors are requested to exercise their own judgment in assessing various risks 
associated with the Company and also the effectiveness of the measures which taken by the 
Company in tackling them as indicated during the discussion. Thank you. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Jitendra. Now let me proceed with the business updates. 
Financial Year F '26 started on a sedate note with distractions on the various fronts. We had 
global challenges with tariffs, with wars, strikes, and changing political and trade policies. The 
whole landscape was confusing. 
In all this rapidly transforming situation, we remain focused on executing the orders on hand, 
picking orders selectively that would allow us a definite execution cycle and working on the 
various projects to in-house manufacture as well as to bring new products to the market. And I 
will share some of this during this talk. 
It was a period to demonstrate the steely resolve to build a robust business model that can 
handle the BANI world, Brittle, Anxious, Non-linear and Incomprehensible. Historically, the 
financial year always starts slowly. And this year was even slower. Order finalization, 
inspection and clearances to dispatch were all impacted due to site availability as well as other 
distractions. 
However, this has still started to pick up. As we speak, we are seeing a larger number of 
dispatches leaving our factories. We are confident that we will catch up on the planned 
numbers gradually, improving in Q2 and definitely coming to plan by Q3. 
We have won several orders for Tezcatlipoca, and we expect this to be the first Rs. 100 crore 
order booking of a new product during this year. This is some kind of a record, and this gives 
us confidence that our new product scale-up will all happen as planned. 
Tezcatlipoca packages are started seeing strong traction, not only in the traditional areas of 
cold chains and ice plant, but also in industrial refrigeration packages. We will do at least 
several large packages of this even during this year. 
We continue to work on in-house manufacture as well as in filing IPs for design and for new 
products, and this process continues right through. 
CAPEX execution is continuing as planned with capability building as the key thrust. We will 
complete the planned CAPEX of about Rs. 100 crores during this year. The lost foam casting 
plant at Nashik is under trial production, and this will meet the intricate casting needs of the 
Tyche semi-hermetic compressor that we launched this quarter. This is being built at Saswad. 
That is our plant near Pune. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
We also commissioned the Janus range of specialty motors, and this will be built in the Saswad 
plant for use on the Tyche compressors and other specialty applications. The Company focused 
in these testing times to ensure that the capital is used efficiently. 
The net working capital of the Company was below 12% of sales for the first time. The cash 
flow that we released during the 1st Quarter was over Rs. 100 crores. This clearly brings out 
that there was no push sales by us, and it was business as usual. 
Now let us discuss the business by product line: 
The clear star of the 1st Quarter was the Tezcatlipoca centrifugal compressors. We started 
winning not only big orders but repeat orders as well. We expect to hit the Rs. 100 crore mark 
during this year. Orders for the CO2 compressors as well as orders from cement plants have 
kept the reciprocating compressor business running smoothly.  
The sale of standard screw compressors were, however, muted in a way, reflecting the lower 
offtake to general engineering applications. 
Refrigeration compressors and systems 
While the interest in Khione screw compressors for dairy, chemical plants picked up, they also 
started now offering these larger packages for the petroleum and oil and gas space. 
This is a major step forward, and we would see packages getting completed during this year. 
Order finalization, package inspection and clearance for the large refrigeration packages as 
well as for deliveries of a few critical inputs from overseas suppliers were affected. We see this 
easing over the next two quarters. 
The ammonia reciprocating compressor for the cold chains and ice plants were chugging along 
as usual with no big swings one way or the other. However, we expect that this will improve 
dramatically with the increased sale of Tyche compressors during the next quarters as the 
consumption market in the commercial refrigeration space continues to look good and will 
pick up even further going forward. 
Process gas compression systems: 
This segment is seeing a global churn of a very significant proportion, and we expect to benefit 
from this going forward. However, Q1 was perhaps the bottom of the curve in terms of sales 
and order booking. A couple of major orders continue to allude to us on account of this 
uncertainty. During the course of last quarter, we were on the verge of picking up some very 
large orders in this space, but they all held up on account of uncertainty in this political 
situation. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
However, we see a huge demand for CNG packages from several geographies as the energy 
basket shifts to natural gas across the globe to meet growing energy needs quickly. There is an 
ongoing finalization of packages for biogas and hydrogen. We have picked up several orders in 
this space. We, however, see a low pace of execution in this going forward as well. 
Outlook for Q2 F '26 
The uncertainty in the global economic landscape is expected to continue at least for the next 
quarter. This would mean slower finalization and execution of orders. However, the structural 
changes that are underway are all positive to us. A significant growth in natural gas usage 
across the globe, strong demand for refrigeration in processing, storage and commercial space 
in India and the thrust in local manufacturing in key sectors all bode well for meeting our 
year's target as well as continuing on our aspirational journey of growth and margins. 
While we did have a poor start in Q1 and several of you have informed us about your 
disappointment, let's assure you, structurally, nothing has got worse. Things are on a slow 
track for the 1st Quarter, may pick up in second gradually, and we should be back to our 
planned numbers definitely by Q3. The changes that have happened would only impact us 
positively as we go forward. 
Now I am going to request Ramesh to take you through with the numbers. Ramesh? 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
Good evening, everyone. The results of Q1 FY '26 have been posted on BSE and NSE website 
for your view. The presentation and detailed income statement showing these results have been 
also uploaded on our Company's website. 
Let me now summarize the Q1 performance of FY '26: 
The Q1 sales held at Rs. 272 crores, almost matching last year's level and setting the stage to 
accelerate the growth in the coming quarters. 
Other income for Q1 FY '26 rose to Rs. 8.2 crores, up from Rs. 4.44 crores in Q1 FY '25, 
contributing to total income of Rs. 282.2 crores this quarter against Rs. 279.7 crores in Q1 FY 
'25. The increase in other incomes was driven by higher earnings on investment, dividend and 
other miscellaneous recoveries. 
Material cost to sales in the current period stands at 47.2%, reflecting 1.7% improvement from 
Q1 of previous year was at 48.9%. This enhancement is attributed to more favorable product 
mix and in-house manufacturing of select components. 
Employee-related expenses stood at Rs. 49 crores in the current quarter, up from Rs. 43.1 crore 
in Q1 of previous year. This increase reflects a modest salary revision implemented at the start 
of the year and addition of new manpower in Q1. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Financial charges are paid to banks for services not related to any borrowing. The Company 
has no loans, neither term loans, nor working capital loans, and it is a debt-free Company. 
Depreciation for the current quarter stood at Rs. 7.2 crore, down from Rs. 7.8 crore in Q1 of 
previous year, reflecting a depreciation trend aligned with the pattern of asset additions. 
Other expenses comprising both fixed and variable costs stood at 21% of the sales in Q1 of the 
current year versus 20.8% in Q1 of previous year. Expenditure levels remained largely stable 
with no significant variation during the quarter. 
EBITDA for Q1 rose to Rs. 44.1 crores, contributing to 15.7% to total income, margins were at 
15.6%, that is Rs. 43.7 crores in Q1 of prior year. 
Profit before tax for Q1 increased to Rs. 36.8 crores with margin of 13.1%, up from 12.8%, 
that is Rs. 35.9 crore in the same quarter last year, supported by improved operational 
efficiencies and disciplined cost management. 
Profit after tax grew to Rs. 28.1 crores at the rate of 10%, while it was Rs. 26.9 crores in 
previous year at the rate of 9.6%. Company has issued 16,100 equity shares during Q1 under 
employee stock option scheme. Consequently, the paid-up share capital increased to Rs. 12.98 
crores from Rs. 12.96 crores at the start of the year. 
Basic earnings per share improved to Rs. 4.33 per share in Q1 compared to Rs. 4.15 in Q1 of 
previous year. 
With over 89% of revenue coming from the Compression segment, it remains the only 
reportable segment as of now. The Company has maintained the segment profitability at 19.1% 
in Q1 in the current year as well as in the previous year, which is directionally in the range of 
18% to 20%. 
Capital employed in the Compression segment decreased by Rs. 98 crores to Rs. 235.6 crores 
compared to Rs. 336.6 crores at the beginning of the year.  
New order booking during Q1 was close to Rs. 365 crores. As a result, the Company has order 
book of Rs. 1,725 crores as on 1st July '25, while Rs. 1,625 crores at the beginning of the year. 
We were holding RoadRailer asset at a written down value of Rs. 5.9 crores for the disposal. 
We have since sold part of this at Rs. 1.95 crores and there is no further write-down or loss on 
account of RoadRailer assets. Wherever necessary, figures from the previous year have been 
regrouped, readjusted to align the current reporting. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
We also published the consolidated income statement with our newly acquired Systems and 
Components (India) Private Limited and comparable financial results will be available only 
after completion of a full year in the reporting cycle. 
Now, this forum is open for discussion with our esteemed investors. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Thanks, Ramesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Ampersand Capital Investment Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Kumar: 
I have two questions. First is, are we changing our aspirational target of Rs. 2,000 crores this 
year with similar kind of margins as last year? And second question is last year, Q2 was a very 
high base. We had around (+50%) sales growth and around 22% margin. So, how do we see 
Q2 of this year in terms of growth Y-o-Y? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, coming to the final year's target, we are not changing it as of now. We still believe we 
should get at least 18% plus growth over last year's number. That means we should be very 
near 2,000. We are not calling it down at all. Hopefully, we should see a scale up from Q2 
onwards. 
 
Now, coming to Q2, we believe that we should be at least doing near about Rs. 500 crores. So, 
that should take us very near to a 10% growth at Q2 level compared to the last year. Margins 
would also be more or less same.  
 
You would have seen in the 1st Quarter, operating ratios have not really changed. Our EBIT 
margin, our cash generation. We have not changed anything in the business model. Except that 
the volume of sales and order booking have declined, nothing else has actually changed. So, 
we will try and catch up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. This is Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Thanks for the opportunity. First question, on 
the, you said delay in finalization as well as Q1 being soft. So, it is possible for you to 
elaborate, is there any component supply chain restrictions, which is leading this disruption 
currently? And what gives us confidence that we will be able to recover gradually and be on 
plan in the next 6 months? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Now, as far as the delay in execution, it is not coming out of any component that somebody 
imports and that’s not come. That is not true. We continue to have challenges getting the 
Howden compressors, and that's not only Howden for us. It is also true with a lot of others who 
are importing compressor parts, etc., from Europe. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
This has become some kind of a structural issue. It is not a denial as much as a delay. And they 
are challenged all of them. Whether it is us or any of our competitors who import from Europe, 
all of us are challenged by the companies in Europe going through a structural challenge in 
terms of their own supply chain. 
 
So, this is something that the industry is battling. It is not a denial of anything, restrictions, etc. 
It is just a structural delay. So, whatever we planned for Q1, most of it should go out in Q2 and 
Q3, we should be okay by that time. 
Amit Anwani: 
And this is pertaining to gas and refrigeration both? 
K. Srinivasan: 
At the moment, our refrigeration compressors alone come from Howden and that's U.K., 
Europe. Rest of them don't come from Europe. So, we are quite okay. We make them here. 
And this is also an opportunity. 
 
I did mention in my opening call, that it also gives us the opportunity now to use in some 
application, not in everything, the Khione compressors, which is our own patented design. And 
probably we will start delivering smaller, less competitive, less, let's say, technically 
challenged projects using these compressors. And that also gives us a chance to scale up our 
internal manufacturing. We will see that happening in Q3, Q4. 
Amit Anwani: 
Are there any plans to, like, mitigate this risk in the future since I think last year also, this 
happened with respect to supplies from Howden? 
K. Srinivasan: 
That question is what I answered by saying that Khione is going to come in at the smaller end 
of the packages. It will gradually scale up. 
Amit Anwani: 
Second question on Tezcatlipoca, you highlighted that we will be using this in industrial 
packages also. So, the Rs. 100 crore target this year is only for products or including the 
packages? So, more clarity on what sizes in packages you are using? And you talked about 
refrigeration and oil and gas both. So, some color on Tezcatlipoca usage in packages. 
K. Srinivasan: 
That is a pretty difficult question to answer. Let me answer like this. Tezcatlipoca is a 
centrifugal compressor primarily used for air compression. These are standard air compressors 
used by the metal industry, the textile industry and several engineering industries, which needs 
large volume of air at moderate pressures. 
 
Now, this is scaling up. We are executing larger numbers now and we will probably book a Rs. 
100 crore order this year. We may not execute all the Rs. 100 crore but a significant part of it 
will also get executed during the year. So, those are the standard air compressors. 
 
Now coming to packages, refrigeration packages largely run with Howden compressors if it is 
for the oil and gas sector, petroleum complexes, ammonia terminals, etc. This is where the 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
challenge of deliveries or delayed deliveries will play a role. But packages that are built using 
Khione and others, which are built by us, will happen in an accelerated manner to compensate 
for our challenges in having the larger Howden packages going out. 
 
As far as the gas packages are concerned, the larger packages, finalization has been the 
challenge. It is not a delivery issue. Finalization is a challenge because the oil sector is the one 
which is seeing the largest churn across the world. You hear every day about what oil can 
come where, where it can go, where the refining happens, etc. So, there is a large, let's say, 
political economic challenge around the oil sector, and that is seeing a lot of churn. 
 
This is where some of those big orders that we are supposed to get, some in India, some from 
the MENA region are all getting deferred or put on hold. It is also true for execution. This is 
where the big challenge is, and that is why I said this, probably the cycle is bottoming out, but 
we are really at the bottom as we talk of the 1st Quarter. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir, you highlighted about the huge demand for CNG for several geographies outside. And last 
year, we did a very good export number of Rs. 124 crores. So, are we seeing the contribution 
from export going up for FY '26? And if you could elaborate more on, will it be increased 
CNG-related products for us in the global markets? Any color on this? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, I did mention in the opening comment that the oil and gas sector is seeing a big change. 
And the large part of the change is since oil has become more of a difficult commodity to 
move around, set up refineries, taking time, etc., more of the energy basket across the globe is 
getting met on an immediate basis using natural gas. 
 
Natural gas moves across sea as LNG. Otherwise, it moves in gas pipelines, and that is where 
our compressors get to be used. This is a global phenomenon. We picked up significant orders 
last year for exports. As we speak, we have orders further to execute. We are picking up new 
areas, new geographies, which are all asking for urgent requirement of CNG compressors. We 
hope to benefit from this as we go forward. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir, my last question on Tyche compressors. Any revenue target for this year? And which user 
industries you are getting traction, particularly for this compressor? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Tyche is a semi-hermetic compressor. It replaces what is currently imported from Europe. 
Today, all the commercial refrigeration space, which is the cold rooms in a restaurant, the ice 
boxes, the display panels, a whole lot of things where commercial refrigeration is required are 
all met by the semi-hermetic compressors imported from Europe mostly, some from Japan. 
They are not 100% imported. 
 
We have launched the Tyche compressor completely made by us. There is no imported part in 
it. The casting is a lost foam casting from our own foundry in Nashik. The motor is a Janus 
motor built at our own plant in Saswad. They are all integral in one piece. That is why it is 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
called semi-hermetic. And this compressor has been tested and launched in an alpha. That is a 
small controlled area. We will scale up in Q2 onwards. 
 
The size of this market in India could be anywhere up to 2,000 compressors, which are being 
imported. So, that is a fairly large number. Pure compressor business could be anywhere 
between Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 500 crores. Packages included, this will become a much larger 
market and business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Hi, sir. Heartening to see the way you are building up the organization and one of that way is 
to launch new products, expand the addressable size. So, my question is, what would be the 
sales contribution that you would be targeting from the products that you would have launched 
in last 2, 3 years or since you have joined? How that sales has reached in terms of any size 
number that you would like to call out going ahead? What would be that target? And what 
would be as a percentage of sales or maybe if you want to call it out as, which will be from the 
new product launches? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Thank you for your question. I will reframe this a little bit so that it is more relevant to the 
business context. The packages that we build using imported compressors used to represent 
almost about 50% of our business, 5 years back. Today, that has gone way below 25%. Rest of 
it is built almost entirely by our own products, our compressors, our packaging, and this is 
scaling up and even getting bigger and better.  
 
So, that is the change that we wanted to see that we become less dependent on imported 
compressors. And that is moving well. We eventually should come to a stage where the 
imported compressors, and it is very relevant that imported still continues because these are all 
API-compliant compressors where even the Chinese still import for critical areas. And there is 
no global market to have another Company making it. 
 
So, these are maybe the total world requirement would be about 500 to 700 compressors. So, it 
is good that one or two companies make it and we all consume it. But our dependence on that 
business, we would like to see it go down to less than 20%. We have almost got it down to 
about, to get it down to 25% this year, we will take it down further over the period of time. 
That is, all the rest is all being built by us in India. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So, would that get reflected in terms of improved gross margin and EBITDA margin 
structurally? I am not asking for a year or two. Structurally, how do we see, as we get into 
more in-house manufacturing of compressors and the whole of the packages, where would we 
settle down in terms of margins or value addition that we do? 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
K. Srinivasan: 
I think Ramesh has been explaining it well. See, in the first immediate phase of growth, our 
margin targets are to take it between 18% to 20% and stay around that, but to scale up in terms 
of volume and take market share. We don't want, see, it is a trade-off. If you do too aggressive 
margin targeting, then you would ensure that your scale up is slower and then you are able to 
indigenize much lower. So, we have to keep that in mind. So, we are targeting 20-20. Top line 
growth around 20% CAGR, margin EBITDA around 20%. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And one last question on the screw compressors, wherein our market share is slightly lesser 
versus the available TAM. And I know that there are 3 sub-segments within that, which is oil, 
oil-free, portable. So, how are we positioning in each of these segments, if you can explain, 
wherein how do we, what are the actions that we are taking to scale up the market share within 
each of the segments? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, you are kind when you say our market share is low. We are almost insignificant. The two 
large players in India probably dominate this industry. We have under 5% or even less. So, we 
have a full range. We don't have the oil-free. We have the oil-flooded screws. We are not very 
big in the portables that is used in mining, water well. We are largely in the industrial area and 
in specialty screw compressors. 
 
We did launch the ARiA range of the low-cost compressors. It didn't scale up as much as we 
expected it. We probably will relaunch it during the year with some changes in the way we 
have been putting it to the market. And we will try and build this business. There are quite a 
few other modifications and relaunches coming up in the screw space. 
 
It is a huge opportunity. But with all the technology and investments that we have made over 
the last 5 years, we have not met our own internal aspirational targets in this space. We will try 
and do better going forward. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Sorry, if I can squeeze in one more question. On the refrigeration segment, and I reconcile that 
this market size would be somewhere around near, near $1 billion, which is divided between 
industrial and commercial. We have Khione packages. We have launched new Tyche 
compressors also. 
 
So, in terms of available product gaps or available products, are we addressing all of the 
market and now only execution that has to be done or there are more such new products that 
we need to fill in terms of addressing the market? 
K. Srinivasan: 
The refrigeration compressor business as a whole, not just the compressor, including the 
packages and the whole refrigeration system per se is a much bigger market. It includes 3 
buckets. It is the industrial, the commercial and the comfort. 
 
The biggest piece, obviously, is comfort. Comfort alone would import into India about 1.4 
crore compressors every year. And that is what is all under the white line goods, the air 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
conditioning, the refrigerators and the whole lot of things that we do, and we are not in that 
space at all. 
 
We are primarily in industrial and in getting into parts of the commercial refrigeration. 
Commercial, we just have got now launched the Khione about 2 years back. We are now 
getting bigger with the Tyche launch, which is a semi-hermetic. 
 
Again, to start with, semi-hermetic, we are launching only the recip. We have to come up with 
a semi-hermetic screw. We had to come up with a semi-hermetic centrifugal. So, I think we 
have still got a long, long way to go before we can take the market. 
 
The only good thing about this is almost entirely everything is imported. Not one compressor 
in this space is made in India today. Both industrial, commercial and comfort, everything is 
imported. So, this is a virgin space for us to scale up and grow. We are building it up slowly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand you mentioned second quarter, you expect to have Rs. 500 crores 
kind of revenue. So, does it mean that there is a large package which you did not, I mean, 
which is sitting in inventory and you expect that to get shipped or that to go out of factory in 
second quarter? Is there any spillover from 1Q to 2Q? 
K. Srinivasan: 
See, it is not just one or two packages. A whole lot of things are happening. Some are moving 
out, some are continuing to be worked on. Some deliveries are still to be coming in. So, I think 
it is not just one package story. We have estimated that we should do around Rs. 500 crores in 
the second quarter. Order booking, we still have a lot. That is why I said, we are still keeping a 
bigger number for the third and fourth quarter. 
Mihir Manohar: 
What would be the mix of products versus projects, let's say, for order book, which is there as 
of now, Rs. 1,725 crores? And when I say order book one year back, roughly Rs. 1,680 crores. 
So, what is the product’s proportion as of now versus what was the, let's say, one year back? 
K. Srinivasan: 
The product this year, we said we will go, when I say product, it includes service and spares as 
well. Packages, the large packages as what we call as projects, I keep it separate. We were 60-
40 the other way. We hopefully should get to a 70-30 at least anywhere between 65 or 70-30 in 
favor of the equipment and whatever we call as the non-project orders. 
Mihir Manohar: 
So, as of now, it is 65%. Last year, it was 60%. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes, yes. We are trying to get bigger in that. Like I told in the beginning, we are trying to take 
it up to 80% over the next 1 or 2 years. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Mihir Manohar: 
Because last quarter, one of the arguments for the lower order book and for us despite Rs. 
2,000 crores revenue was that our product’s proportion was a higher number and that is where 
we were expecting Rs. 2,000 crores of revenue in FY '26. 
K. Srinivasan: 
I am not sure I heard you well. Can you please repeat it? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, sure. So, I mean the argument was that our products as a proportion is going up and that is 
where our order book reported number, which is there, that is getting more short cycle versus 
the earlier number being more of a long cycle. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Absolutely. So, in the transition phase, you will see that our order book doesn't look as big as it 
used to be earlier because they are running at much shorter cycles, but this will also catch up. 
We will normalize it in the next 1 or 2 quarters because then you will still see the growth.  
 
When we started the quarter, we were sitting with an order book of Rs. 1,725 crores. At the 
beginning of this quarter, we started with Rs. 1,625 crores. So, that is about 6% higher than 
this year, we are at Rs. 1,725 crores, as on 1st of July, right. So, we really want it, but we need 
to get it up even higher. Then only we will be able to execute bigger numbers. 
Mihir Manohar: 
In the order book, what are the number of booster compressors and number of mother 
compressors? 
K. Srinivasan: 
That is a tough question. I won't know the exact numbers. All I know is that we have both 
booster and mother stations. Last year, combined, we did about 200 plus. This year, we are 
hoping to do at least 250 plus. Let's see. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And 80% would be booster in this? 
K. Srinivasan: 
I wouldn't have that as a number. How much it will be, 60% to 70% boosters, even less. 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
Less than that. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Less than that. So, you take it for the moment as 50-50. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sorry, sir. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Take it as 50-50 for the moment. I may be wrong a little bit out of line with this. The total 
number is roughly about 200 is what we did. And I think we did about 50-50. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And just last question was on the employee cost. So, when I see sequentially Q-o-Q, our 
employee costs have gone up from Rs. 45 crores to Rs. 49 crores. Is there any wage hike or the 
number of employees have gone up? 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
Yes. This employee merit increase or the correction we did from the 1st April and additional 
manpower where we are targeting to achieve the sales, aspiration sales of Rs. 2,000 crores. 
And with that reference, we hired the additional manpower and overall the increment 
percentage is in the range of 10% and the rest is on account of additional manpower. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Sir, my first question is on Q2 itself. You mentioned Rs. 500 crore target that we are looking at 
in Q2. What is the number of operating profit margin you mentioned? 
K. Srinivasan: 
I think on the margins, I think Ramesh has been saying our margin targets would remain 
within the range of 18% to 20%. So, let's keep it there. We will have up and down a little bit, 
one quarter going up to 21%, 22%, one quarter staying at 19%, but we will stay within this 
range for the moment. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
That is for full year, right? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Yes. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
18% to 20%. 
K. Srinivasan: 
Same. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
And sir, in your annual report, we are mentioning like this Rs. 2,000 crore targets as a 
medium-term target. So, given the challenges in Q1, do you foresee these issues continuing? 
And should we expect any revisions to earlier guidance going ahead? 
K. Srinivasan: 
See, we have talked about this in the beginning as well. This year's target was to get to the Rs. 
2,000 crore mark. We are still confident that we should get to it or as near of that as possible. 
See, we said we should get even 18% growth, we will be very near this number. 
 
We are targeting a CAGR growth of about 20% for a reasonably long period of time, and that 
is what we are working. The market gives us the kind of opportunity. So, like we keep saying 
20-20, top line growth of 20% and a margin of about 20%, EBITDA margin. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
And in last con call, you highlighted like some sector-specific slowdown in oil and gas and 
biogas. So, how do you see, do you see any sign of recovery in these sectors as well? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Oil and gas, I explained quite a bit. Oil part of it is a little uncertain due to the various changes 
happening across the globe. Gas part seems to be the way out for many economies to quickly 
get the energy needs met. So, gas is happening across the world, and we see more 
opportunities for us in the gas space. The whole sector, as for us, we said it has hit the real 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
bottom in the 1st Quarter, which should only get better from going forward. That is as far as 
the oil and gas sector is concerned. 
 
The second question you asked on the biogas side. Biogas is still a lot of excitement and talk 
about it and projects and hundreds of quotes going out every day, every week, at least, and 
some finalization also happening. But actual number of gas projects that are getting installed 
and where we are putting in our compressors and commissioning them, there is still very few. 
And that is what is worrying us. It will take time. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
And what about the hydrogen space, sir? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Hydrogen space is an opposite of it. In the same, there also we have a lot of interest, projects, 
finalization and some commissioning has also happened. We have to deliver some more 
projects yet. Our compressors come from PDC of USA in this case, but packages are built 
here. 
 
Here, the challenge for industry is the use case is still a little undefined. People have hydrogen 
available, and they don't know how to use it. There is only 2 proven process to use, hydrogen 
either in the diesel refining or in the hydrogenation process for vegetable oil, etc., Vanaspati 
and all that stuff. So, there is a use case challenge. 
 
In the case of biogas, there is no use case challenge. It is opposite, generation challenge. How 
do you generate biogas from the biowaste? So, we have two opposite challenges in both this 
and the sum total is, it is bringing down the actual execution. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
And lastly, on the order inflow situation. So, what kind of situation are you seeing based on the 
current conversation with your end customers? And going by that, I am not asking for the 
precise number, but what is the ballpark number for closing order book do we target by the end 
of this year? 
K. Srinivasan: 
This is the most difficult question to answer because, like I keep saying, the kind of quotes 
going out, the kind of discussion happening, this is, nothing has come down. Everybody is still 
talking about orders. Everybody is talking of even issuing letter of intent, everything. We can 
talk about it only when it gets into a final firm order with advance. 
 
So, it is still something which is very fluid. 1st Quarter has been not good at all. Like I said, 
many things which were all hanging around didn't actually get consummated into a firm order 
with an advance. So, consequently, we will not take it as an order. So, there are challenges that 
are there in this space because of all the uncertainty. Hopefully, it will clear up in the next 
quarter or so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Rohan: 
So, sir, sorry, I am hopping back on the same oil-free screw compressor point again. So, just 
wanted to understand when we relaunch and when we try to recalibrate our strategy. So, what 
would be we doing differently this time to successfully penetrate this category? One.  
 
And second, sir, how big is the addressable market that we can, in a medium term, in 3 to 5 
years, we can probably get into in this segment? So, this was the first part. And second, sir, just 
on the order book. So, last 2 quarters, you have seen order book slightly muted. So, just your 
take on that. 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, the question you asked on oil-free screw compressor. We have not launched so far an oil-
free compressor. We are working on this, but we have to look at a way to address this market 
with a variant which is quite different from what is available in the Indian market today. 
 
Indian market, we have what is called today as oil-free or all with water and some of them are 
water jacketed. So, we will have to see what we will come up with this. We have not launched 
a product for the oil-free market. 
 
But if you talk of screw compressor as a whole, this I have explained in the beginning, we are 
still a very small player. We have several new moves that are coming up. We have a very good 
product. 
 
I mean, you all know that when we had this big COVID crisis, we are the only Company that 
could deliver almost about 700 plus compressors in such a short period that we could deliver 
0.5 million liters of oxygen per hour across 15 states in this country to keep the COVID crisis 
under control. 
 
So, we have the capability. We have the product. But there are challenges in the market in 
terms of competitiveness with the large number of players, particularly two very strong 
entrenched players. So, we will address this increasingly with several strategic moves. We will 
talk about it as we go forward. 
 
Now as far as the order book, what you said, we have already explained that, yes, there has 
been a real bottom end when we talk of the last quarter when the order booking was really at 
the lowest point. Largely, this is coming out of the oil and gas sector. We believe it has 
bottomed out, and we should start seeing this going up from Q2 onwards. The proof actually is 
when I put out my Q2 numbers and say this is the order we have booked. So, you have to bear 
with us for a quarter, and then we will be able to explain it even better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rucheeta Kadge from iWealth. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Sir, my question is pertaining to the refrigeration segment. So, since you have spoken about the 
Howden compressors wherein we are facing some kind of supply chain issue, so how much 
percentage of our order book currently has these kind of compressors? 
K. Srinivasan: 
I explained the total packages, which is both Howden and Ariel, which is really what comes 
for the gas systems combined, is roughly about 25% to 30% for the total turnover. Howden 
would be about half and Ariel would be about half. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
And by when would this issue settle down? 
K. Srinivasan: 
That is a real tough one because like I said, see, it is not a question of just these names that I 
mentioned. There are other competitors of mine who do have their parent companies in 
Europe, and they are getting compressors from there. And we are also helping a couple of them 
to package and even those compressors are not coming. 
 
So, this supply chain issue in Europe is not specific to Howden. It is with everybody. And that 
is coming out of the way their old entire supply chain in Europe is being re-oriented, I would 
say, because they are struggling with their own supply chain. Quite a few of them were getting 
passed out of Eastern Europe, maybe from Russia and all of them are now struggling. They 
also have challenges with China, etc. So, there is a rebalancing or a reinvention of the supply 
chain in Europe, and that is hurting all of them. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
So, sir, if this does not de-escalate, how much do you expect like whatever targets that we have 
for the year, how much can that get impacted by? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, this is a relatively easier question. So, I will answer this better. See, what we have done in 
the meanwhile, like I explained, this also gives us an opportunity to try and convince some of 
our customers to use the Khione compressors wherever it is possible. 
 
So, we are trying to put Khione compressors in smaller packages at least to start with. And that 
will take away some of the uncertainty coming out of any supply chain disruption. We still 
target to keep to the numbers that we have set up in the beginning of the year. We don't expect 
to be away from those numbers very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, Tyche is the only semi-hermetic compressor made in India. How do we look at pricing 
power between us and German and Chinese imports? 
K. Srinivasan: 
Tyche competes against European compressors because there is no Chinese imports of any 
significance in this space. This is largely served by compressors imported from Europe. They 
today currently have sales offices in India. They import them in large numbers. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
You can go through the HS codes, you will know the name of these companies, and they are 
selling them to the assemblers or whoever it is in India. Tyche would be a package builder. 
Tyche would be going head on against this, and we expect to scale up very quickly. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, on that refrigeration compressor side, how does the integration of Systems & Components 
(India) Private Limited, how does it enhance Kirloskar’s capabilities in pharma and chemical 
side? And are there any synergies in margins or customer acquisition side? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, Systems & Components (India) Private Limited actually package smaller refrigeration 
packages for chemical, pharma and other industry. They use compressors other than Kirloskar 
compressors. They take compressors from Chinese, Japanese and others and package it. 
 
We are not stopped, but we will gradually replace those compressors with Kirloskar 
compressors, Khione and other things.  So, that is how we see an opportunity to enter the 
packaging market, which is currently not serviced by us at all. So, that is what Systems and 
Components’ role is going to be. 
 
The 1st Quarter has been brutal. They lost money simply because they completed a 
hydrocarbon project for which in our system, as soon as a package is shipped and the order is 
invoiced, we booked the entire LD as a cost immediately, though we had a chance of 
recovering some of it later, and we have done the same with them as well. So, they have taken 
a hit in the 1st Quarter in terms of number. Hope to get better going forward. 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sir. Sir, especially on fertilizer and chemical side, we have seen a larger demand for large 
reciprocating compressors. Is there any cyclical or structural demand in this sector? 
K. Srinivasan: 
You would have been reading there is a disruption in the fertilizer industry of significance 
availability, etcetera. The ammonia terminals have all come in and our compressor 
refrigeration packages are all more or less delivered. There are a few that are going out still.  
 
So, there is a certain amount of uncertainty around this industry as well in terms of execution. 
There is no intent, less intent in terms of packages or projects, but the execution is still a little 
bit out of gear. Hopefully, we should have all of them running during the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Shethia from Singularity AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshil Shethia: 
Sir, can you explain a bit more in detail the commercial refrigeration segment for Tyche and 
how many, you obviously told that it is currently totally imported. What is the pricing 
difference between our compressor and our European compressor as of today also? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, the commercial refrigeration space is anything that is used in, let's say, in the restaurants, 
in the display cabinets, in the reefers, in ice boxes, ice rooms, a whole lot of things are all seen 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
as commercial refrigeration space. They start from something like as small as a 15 kilowatt 
small compressor going up to about 100-kilowatt compressor. Most of them are actually in the 
box itself. 
 
They are a very small thing that you can connect up and the ice plant or the builders of these 
rooms buy these compressors and do all the other things themselves. That is why it is still 
largely served by imports. These compressors all are imported by the sales offices of the 
European companies and they distribute it to the whatever, ice room builders or safety box 
builders, etc., in India. 
 
The compressor alone, about 2,000 of them are sold in a year. The packages are a much bigger. 
So, the compressor business could be about Rs. 500 crores. That is what I said. Ticket size 
could be anywhere from Rs. 3 lakhs to about Rs. 10 lakhs, Rs. 12 lakhs. 
Harshil Shethia: 
And so how premium would be the competitor's price? The European guys would be? 
K. Srinivasan: 
No, I can't really give you a business strategy in terms of how we want to price it because it is 
still WIP. But definitely, we will price it to start with at least much more competitively 
compared to imports. 
Harshil Shethia: 
And so, is it margin accretive from day one basis? 
K. Srinivasan: 
See, we explained that whenever we launch a new product, initially, the margins would not be 
where we would like it to be. But on average, as business modeling, we will get it to the range 
between 18% to 20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Eshwar Arumugam from ithought PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Eshwar Arumugam: 
So, most of the questions I had were answered. So, one of the questions I have is in CNG 
station installations, the commentary in the last few quarters from us has been that the other 
station installations have been not as much as daughter stations. But this quarter, since we are 
saying that 50-50, is there any change in how CGDs are approaching station installations? Like 
are they seeing lesser lifetime cost with mother station installations or something like that? 
K. Srinivasan: 
No, I think I should explain this better now. The number of mother stations being installed is 
significantly lower than the daughter stations. The boosters, as we call the daughter station, the 
Calana in our brand, is a very, very small part of our business. But for the general market, we 
don't participate in all the booster activities. We take a few. We don't take a lot. We only 
concentrate more on taking the mother stations. 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
So, our sale could be around 50-50, but that is not an indication of what is actually being 
allotted or installed by the oil and gas marketing companies. They would sell maybe 80% 
would be boosters and only about 20% could be the mother stations. 
Eshwar Arumugam: 
Sir, do you see them moving more towards mother stations? Once the daughter station gets 
completed, will they be converted into mother stations, maybe like 3, 4 years down the line? 
K. Srinivasan: 
I can give you the reality. I can give you my wish. So, the reality is I don't think it is going to 
happen for quite some time because all of them have a geographic area coverage mandates 
given, and they would all find the shortcut of simply putting daughter stations to comply with 
the coverage. 
 
My wish is always that since it is a really suboptimal solution, it doesn't make money for us. It 
doesn't make money for the oil companies. It doesn't make money for anybody. Eventually, the 
pipelines would come and with that, the mother stations will come. So, that is my wish and 
prayer, but the reality, obviously, is not there yet. 
Eshwar Arumugam: 
And another question I had is one of our domestic competitors from Tamil Nadu, they have 
also launched a variant to compete against the Chinese imports like we have launched Aria. 
Have you evaluated that product? And how does that product compare with ours? What is our 
right to win in this particular segment? 
K. Srinivasan: 
In the Chinese, if you want to go after the 30,000-odd compressors that come from China, the 
buyer actually is a guy who looks at the ticket size. It has to be the lowest priced, and that is 
what he looks at when he buys it. But having bought it, he then expect that it should be as good 
as any of the other good compressors that the brand builds, be it my colleagues from South or 
us as Kirloskar. So there, there is always this expectation differentiation that will come up. 
 
At the time of buying, it has to be competitive against the Chinese. At the time of usage and 
service, they expect it to be another Kirloskar compressor. So, this is the challenge that we are 
facing. That is why I said we will have to relaunch this with a better understanding of the 
expectation as well as the pricing. This is the challenge that all of us will face. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Kasliwal from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
So, just wanted to ask on the total addressable market currently after the past 2 years and the 
launch of all the 3 new variants of products that came through. So, like, obviously, for the gas 
packages, it will be almost the same. But for air and refrigeration, how much of the 
addressable market has increased? And what is the current size for us? 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
K. Srinivasan: 
It’s a bit of a difficult question. I will have to answer it in multiple guesses. The air compressor 
business in India alone is anywhere between Rs. 5,000 crore to Rs. 7,000 crore at least. So, that 
is the air compressor part. 
 
The refrigeration compressor compression systems combined, if I include only industrial and 
commercial, could be anywhere up to Rs. 4,000 crores or Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 5,000 crores. 
I have left out the comfort. 
 
In the gas compressor compression systems, yes, there are nobody buys compressors alone. 
You have to buy the whole system. That is a business. It could be anywhere good year, bad 
year because it is usually driven by CAPEX, could be anywhere between Rs. 3,000 crores to 
Rs. 5,000 crores.  
 
This includes the AMCs. This includes the upkeep and service because in the gas stations, 
India has approximately about 8,000 CNG stations could be mother, daughter stations. And all 
of them, almost all of them run on what is called as an operating and maintenance contracts. 
So, that includes the sale and service. 
 
So, we are in a fairly good industry. I mean, we are in an industry which has got a lot of 
headroom for Indian companies to invest and grow. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
And the incremental part compared to 2 years back with Khione, Aria, Tezcatlipoca as well as 
the new variant that you have launched right now? 
K. Srinivasan: 
We continue to, like I keep saying as we file about 40-odd IPRs every year, part of it is 
process, part of it is newer products and designs. So, you will have more and more launches 
coming in. It is not that it is going to end with these 4 or 5. There are a lot more coming in. The 
addressable market is about this, and we will have to address most of it which are currently 
being met by imports by manufacturers in India. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Sir, I will frame it in a different way. So, what is the targeted rate at which our addressable 
market is growing with the launch of new equipments? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, that is a little easy one. So, we will target to grow 20% CAGR for quite some time because 
that is the headroom that we are creating with these new launches every year. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
20%, okay. Thank you so much for this clarity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from Thinqwise Wealth 
Managers LLP. Please go ahead. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sir, I would just like to continue from the previous participation. So, like in refrigeration 
segment, you mentioned the market size is Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 5,000 crores. So, with 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
launch of Khione compressors and moving to compression package and now launching Tyche 
compressors and with acquisition of Systems & Components (India) Private Limited, so would 
it be like we will be able to address the large part of the market or still there are product gaps 
which we need to fill up, if you can give us that perspective, number one. 
 
And number two, now with so much of focus on refrigeration, can it become the largest 
revenue contributor in probably next couple of years?  
K. Srinivasan: 
So, I will answer the last question first. We gave a split between air, refrigeration and gas for 
the last year-and-a-half of 20-40-40. That means we did scale up our refrigeration and scale 
down our gas. That is what we are saying for this year as well. But this may change again.  
 
You see, like I keep saying, I believe gas has bottomed out. So, if you start suddenly seeing 
more gas getting organized, then again, the gas will go back to 45 and refrigeration would 
become maybe 35 at that stage. So, this would be dynamic. So, I would leave it broadly there. I 
wouldn't change it. 
 
Now as far as what part of it we will address with these compressors, this is just one small part. 
There are several more compressors required. Even in the semi-hermetic, we will have to come 
with a lot many versions. We will have to have this scroll, we will have to have this screw, we 
will have to have the centrifugal. So, there is a lot more work to do on addressing multiple 
niches. 
 
So of course, you have to have a compressor for the reefers or the refrigerated trucks. That is 
another model that we have to make. So, it is not that you have one product, and it will address 
everything. So, there is a continuous requirement to keep coming up with newer versions, 
newer products to address all the market. And that is what the Company is working on. 
Manish Goyal: 
And sir, like can we also address opportunity for defense ships as we have seen a lot of 
ordering has happened in recent past and in a few years back, we have supplied some 
refrigeration packages? 
K. Srinivasan: 
I will address this. We are supplying refrigeration, which we call it as HVAC in the case of 
defense, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems. We won't get into details of what all 
is there in this because there is a certain level of secrecy. They are not just refrigeration 
systems. There are other involved in this. We are supplying for the Navy.  
 
We also have some systems that it is not refrigeration, but it is more on the air side for the Air 
Force and Army. So, I will leave it at that. I don't want to get too much into detail, but the 
whole defense-related business is very important and small for us. 
Manish Goyal: 
And sir, on the backward integration, like at Nashik, we have probably set up forging plant, 
now recently castings, and we have also been doing fabrication and now launched motors. So, 

 
Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
how do you see like in the next couple of years, how much can it probably meet the internal 
requirement and probably what kind of cost savings we can see, sir? 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, I will explain it in 2 parts. First, a small correction. The motor plant is not in Nashik. That 
is at Saswad. So, now what are we doing in terms of backward integration of manufacturing? 
The first phase of manufacturing has been always to set up unique manufacturing capabilities. 
These are not very large capacities, capabilities that will allow us to produce competitive and 
unique products for our requirement.  
 
For example, in a casting, we have been making castings within KPCL as well as the group for 
more than 40 years. But the lost foam casting, specifically for machine tools is a unique thing 
that we have set up. So, it is a smaller plant to start with, prove the concept and scale up to 
meet our requirement and eventually also to supply our competitors and others. That is the way 
we go. 
 
So, all our investments of new capability creating in terms of backward integration are to start 
with for our requirement to improve our cost competitiveness, offer something unique to our 
customers and eventually try and scale it up and make it unique for our competitors as well, 
offer it to everybody. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
K. Srinivasan: 
So, let me thank all of you who participated. I know, like I said in the beginning that this is not 
a quarter that was in line with our expectation. But having said it, I must also say that in terms 
of the effort and work that is going on, it still continues to give us the confidence that we will 
try and get to as near the number as we have started the year with. And going forward, things 
can only get better. 
 
We are not seeing any structural change or anything that is happening that will impact us in 
any serious manner, either for the year or for the long term. So, with that reassurance, I would 
like to say, hope to see you all again next quarter with better numbers and smiling faces. Thank 
you all for participating. 
Ramesh Birajdar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
