August 18, 2025 
BSE Limited 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
  Mumbai 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001.   
  Scrip Code: INDHOTEL 
Scrip Code: 500850 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of the IHCL Investors Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the IHCL Investors Call held on 
August 12, 2025. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://investor.ihcltata.com/files/IHCL_Investors_Call_Transcript_12082025.pdf 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
BEEJAL DESAI (F3320) 
Executive Vice President  
Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary (Group) 
BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKU
MAR DESAI
Digitally signed by 
BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKUMAR DESAI 
Date: 2025.08.18 
16:02:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
Investors Call” 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNEET CHHATWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INDIAN HOTELS 
COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR DALWANI – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – INDIAN HOTELS 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Hotels Company Limited Investors 
Call. On the call, we have with us Mr. Puneet Chhatwal, Managing Director and CEO, IHCL; 
and Mr. Ankur Dalwani, EVP and CFO, IHCL. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Chhatwal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the call at this time. And we would 
like to share with you which we believe is a key milestone that we have achieved in the life cycle 
of Indian Hotels Company Limited. Having commenced with the re-imagination of our 
brandscape and solidifying the Taj brand in '17-18 to a journey that is still ongoing, where we 
significantly scaled up Taj brand, renovated the Taj Hotels and upgraded a lot of Vivanta 
branded hotels, because they had gone through a downgrade, because of lack of renovation 
monies post '26/11.  
It was time to start also focusing on our second important pillar, which was Ginger. We re-
imagined Ginger in 2018-19. And then there was a certain delay for a couple of years because 
of COVID. And since then, Ginger became highly profitable, marching very fast towards the 
INR1,000 crores revenue and more than INR350 crores in EBITDA.  
Given that Ginger had also reached more than 100 hotel portfolio and given that we had zero net 
debt and a lot of cash, it was time to look for an inorganic growth opportunity, which could help 
the current Ginger portfolio as well as add new hotels on a capital-light model, so that the brand 
awareness of Ginger brand is very much enhanced. 
 
And then came to the various opportunities that we studied. Clarks Hotels and Resorts 
represented a good opportunity for us, because of a shared value, shared purpose in the 
organization, which is 75-year old and the management that helped create a 150-plus hotels 
portfolio together with Brij and Brijrama properties. 
 
Now what this does is it gets us 135 hotels under the Clarks brand, the majority of which will 
get repositioned and reimagined as Ginger hotels, totaling almost 7,000 keys in 100-plus 
locations. And of these 135, 125 are managed properties, 10 are on a capital-light model with 
operating leases.  
And the pipeline is extremely strong of the entire portfolio, which will be coming. As I 
mentioned at the outset in a brief introduction, the four key strategic initiatives that kind of made 
this as a convincing proposition for the management was, number one, Ginger brand equity 
amplification, which is 70% hotels in new geographies in India. 
So we had the old geography where Ginger was present, then we get 70% more, which are in 
new areas, which is adding new dots on the map. And given the heterogeneous nature of India 
and rapid scaling up, this looked like a very interesting opportunity where all these hotels were 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
existing. And let's not forget, since the launch of Ginger, it has taken us almost 20 years to get 
to a portfolio which is smaller than the size of this rebranding opportunity that was available to 
us. 
 
Then, of course, this leads to a leadership in mid-scale segment. Then undoubtedly, now Ginger 
becomes the market leader in the mid- market segment over the next 12 to 18 months. And as 
we continue our growth journey, this almost 250 hotels portfolio should cross 300-plus easily 
over the next 18 months or so.  
Then there is a significant not like-for-like growth, and this is also helping us in our industry-
leading pipeline. And all this ultimately weaves in very well into our Accelerate 2030 strategy, 
which we have articulated in very objective terms to all of you. We also know that the mid-scale 
segment in India is fastest growing from 2014, when there was 100,000 branded rooms, the 
lower end was almost 40% of the total supply.  
10 years later, that number went to 43. And we think that in another 5 to 6 years by 2030, this 
segment or this market share of this segment will definitely be closer to 50% or so. So a lot of 
strong growth is coming in into this segment, mainly because as India's population grows from 
1.4 billion to 1.5 billion, if one-third of this population is relevant. 
Then the competitiveness as well as the bigger share will come into one-third of the population, 
which is 500 million, assuming that one-third may not be so relevant for hotel sector, that one-
third of 500 million is a very, very big number. And we feel that with Ginger, we will be very 
well positioned to address the needs and wants of that market segment.  
I think very important is also conversion to Ginger will result in unlocking synergies with the 
conversions of existing management contracts to revenue share, which we have successfully 
done with Ginger properties that we have signed or opened in the last 18 months and also 
unlocking synergies wherever there is a market overlap. 
 
So if in a market, we already have a Ginger and by virtue of this M&A, we get more Ginger 
opportunities, it will create cost synergies in the existing portfolio as well as in the portfolio that 
is coming in. The other ways to benefit would be from our Indian hotel sales and distribution 
backbone, which is very, very strong, which has proven the test of time. 
 
Also, this segment is really very interesting for loyalty, because at the upper end, at the luxury 
level, loyalty is not as important as the experiential or the service part is, but people do like to 
collect loyalty points at this level of the market. So Tata Neu will play a very important and a 
very big role going forward. The operational synergies, I mentioned will also be a key synergy 
driver. And very importantly, our procurement strength will grow by leaps and bound. 
 
I think addition of such significant number of hotels should help Indian Hotels Company Limited 
in general and Ginger brand, in particular, in getting synergies in procurement, synergies in 
shared services, by shared services, I mean, accounting, controlling all back- of-house 
operations, including IT and significantly enhancing the brand equity of the Ginger brand in 
India, especially with all the changes we made, including the all-day dining concept of Qmin 
being added to the existing Ginger. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
And that will be the case when we transition these hotels to the Ginger brand. They will strictly 
follow a property improvement plan. Most of the restaurants, wherever possible, will get 
rebranded to Qmin and that will create and unlock value also for Qmin brand within such a large 
portfolio.  
Therefore, we see this as a growth opportunity with almost 7,000 keys, very well fitting to the 
Ginger brand. And also, we have done at the same time, a sales and distribution agreement with 
the boutique luxury in terms of Brij, which is very, very appreciated in India as a unique value 
proposition, especially in spiritual sectors. And the Brijrama, it would be fair to say in Banaras 
has become a benchmark at this level of hospitality. 
 
As we have consistently shared in various quarterly calls, we do believe that the Ginger brand 
with the property improvements, with the transition to Lean Luxe is very much capable of 
driving higher average rates, higher occupancies and most of the properties that we have opened 
in the recent past, like Mumbai Airport, like Goa, like Bhubaneswar, like Nagpur Airport, Ginger 
in Sanand or Aurangabad, all drive more than 50% EBITDA, which makes us extremely 
confident of repeating this performance with the Clarks portfolio also. 
 
So having said this, the Brij has 19 hotels, of which 10 are in operation, totaling around 360 - 
380 keys. And of this 10 in operation, there is another 9 in pipeline. And this will help us add or 
also help the owners grow the Brij brand going forward. With that, I hand over to my colleague, 
the CFO, Mr. Ankur Dalwani, to walk you through the arrangements of the kind of transaction 
structure we have entered into. Over to you, Ankur. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chhatwal. I think on the transaction structure, I think we have announced 
some detail of the same. Well, let me walk you through the more sort of granularity on the 
transaction structure. This is a total investment of INR204 crores in the two companies, ANK 
and Pride, and the split is, as mentioned on the slide, INR110 crores into ANK and INR94 crores 
in Pride.  
Out of the INR204 crores, substantially almost 80% is primary investment and the balance is a 
small secondary investment in the transaction, which means there is a large component sitting 
in the companies as capital for future growth, which will include some of the PIPs, which was 
mentioned earlier by Mr. Chhatwal and also for capturing the opportunity to convert potentially 
a large portion of current owners and the future owners in the portfolio towards from 
management contracts to revenue share. 
 
Also, any future opportunity which may come up by the team can also get captured or funded 
by that capital sitting there. So essentially, a lot of the cash is basically going into the companies 
and enabling them and making them future ready for growth. Additionally, the two companies, 
ANK and Pride will also sign branding and distribution arrangements for paying fees to IHCL 
and this will be entered into the entire portfolio, not only for the hotels which are under revenue 
share, but also for the hotels which are under management contract, generating incremental fee 
for IHCL. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
Similarly, on the marketing and distribution agreement, which has already been signed with Brij 
Hospitality, there is an incremental fee which will flow to IHCL as part of the distribution 
arrangement, which has been signed up. If I quickly walk you through some of the current 
financials, which are in the public domain and some more details on that. If you see the FY '25 
figures, it's about INR33 crores of top line and an enterprise revenue of close to INR300 crores. 
 
And the company has an EBITDAR of INR7 crores and EBITDA of INR3 crores. This is on the 
basis of current operations of the company. And essentially, if you look at the chart on the right 
on the slide, it kind of puts out where we think we could actually drive the business in the next 
3 to 4 years and in line with the FY '30 targets, close to about INR100 crores of revenue from 
existing operations plus the impact of migrating the portfolio to Ginger and doing the Lean Luxe 
renovations in some of those. 
 
So that should get us to about INR100 crores. Additionally, this does not capture any upside 
from management contracts shifting to revenue share, which could actually be close to INR50 
crores to INR75 crores, which we think is a conservative number, per hotel, typically INR6 
crores to INR8 crores of revenue.  
So if it is basically getting 7 to 8 hotels converted, which actually should not be very difficult 
given that the management team currently already has a track record of migrating one hotel from 
management contract to revenue share, which has actually added about INR4 crores of revenue 
in FY '26 itself -- will add INR4 crores of revenue in FY '26 itself.  
So this is a conversation which we will deep dive into as we move forward in the transaction 
after closing the transaction. If I can give you a quick snapshot of the projected financials, which 
has also been put out in the deck. FY '27 actually will be the first full year of sort of once the 
transaction is closed. And we think we can actually get closer to INR60 crores of revenues in 
that year and will result in overall margins coming closer to 30% on EBITDA and in IHCL 
consolidated EBITDA, which includes the fee we will earn from the hotels to close to INR20 
crores. 
 
Going forward to FY '30, we think we are on track -- we will be on track to get to about INR100 
crores of top line and generating a consolidated EBITDA of close to INR60 crores, which 
includes INR20 crores of fee and INR40 crores coming from the hotel. So those are the broad 
financials we have sort of solved for, while sort of doing the transaction. And like I said, this 
does not include the opportunity to convert the management contracts to revenue share going 
forward. 
 
So also, I think a couple of things to note from the Ginger portfolio side, which Mr. Chhatwal 
also referred to. One was obviously the strong growth, but also the fact that most of the hotels, 
which have actually moved to Lean Luxe as a portfolio have a margin close to 50% plus on 
EBITDA and the fact that the occupancies as well as the RevPAR growth are much higher for 
these hotels as compared to the industry average for this category.  
So I think that's where I'll stop now and we can take questions from now. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Shaleen from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shaleen: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the management for starting their inorganic 
journey. I've been -- you all are waiting for that and it seems like it looks like a good deal. So 
one, just to understand the financials, the projected financials which you're putting out.  
So if I take whatever FY '28 or FY '30 numbers, we are talking about INR40 crores EBITDA 
and INR20 crores fee. So INR60 crores console. So is it right to understand that, let's say, in FY 
'30, the INR20 crores fee belong to us, also that 51% of that INR40 crores will also belong to 
us? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes, that's right. But essentially, as you know, we will consolidate the full EBITDA, not the 
51%. So as far as the IHCL consol EBITDA, it will go up by INR60 crores. 
Shaleen: 
So Ankur, the enterprise value we have given is, what, INR408 crores roughly or INR405? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
INR204 crores of total investment side, which is about INR160 crores in primary and the rest 
being secondary. If we do the math on that the enterprise value is about INR240 crores. 
Shaleen: 
So INR240 crores of enterprise value and whatever, like FY '27, '28 or '30. So we are on FY -- 
I mean, on FY '30, it looks like a very good deal. But even on FY '27, we are calling out INR20 
crores, so 12x EBITDA? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
That's right. 
Shaleen: 
All right. Okay. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Basically, the transaction has enabled two things. One is obviously getting into a partnership 
with ANK and Pride and the promoter group there, and which will obviously enhance the 
portfolio itself, which is all the synergies, which Mr. Chhatwal referred to and deploying the 
Ginger playbook on that. And that's why the right number would be actually FY '28, because 
FY '27 will still be a year of transition. 
 
But even if you look at FY '27, there is actually a trajectory for upliftment on EBITDAR margin 
and then consequently on EBITDA itself. So that is a INR10 crores number, if you see the 
numbers I've given out. And then the incremental fee, which is also enabled because of the 
transaction. So -- and the INR10 crores is after paying the fee. 
 
So effectively, there are some parts of the business, which are going to have, where it will 
obviously be an expense, and therefore, the EBITDA number is after the fee. And then there are, 
for example, Brij Hotels is actually not something which we have a stake in the company right 
now.  
So that fee will straight away come to us. So this is -- and this is on the enterprise revenues of 
the company and not the top line number, which is only INR60 crores here. But if you look at 
the enterprise revenue, it will be much higher as is the case in FY '25 itself. 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Shaleen: 
No, fair enough. See, if I look at even '27 or '28, the kind of growth trajectory you are talking 
about tripling the EBITDA in next three years. So 12x EBITDA paying is pretty good. So even 
if you achieve half of it, it's great. So no argument on that, just my personal view here. So all 
right.  
Second thing, so how are we thinking about the brand here like why -- so a very basic question, 
like why would we put it a Ginger? Why would this management would like to have a Ginger 
and not Clarks? Like is it because Clarks is not getting enough traction? What were the possible 
reasons for them to move into Ginger? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Shaleen, very good question. One of the reasons is traditionally, this company is known for full-
service Clarks Hotel, because that's what their grandfather had created. So the iconic Clarks 
Amer in Jaipur and Clarks Avadh in Lucknow or Clarks Shiraz in Agra, etcetera. These were 
the five key assets. And by doing these Clarks in and Clarks suites and Clarks in and suites and 
Clarks, whatever, other connotations actually diluted the Clarks brand equity. 
 
That's from their side. From our point of view, we are not interested in another new brand in 
mid-market until we get to 300 to 500 hotels with one of the brands. So in the mid-market, scale 
is very important. And just having 10, 15, 20, 30 hotels here or there, as you've seen with Ginger 
does not help.  
It's only of late in the last 2.5 years that Ginger has pivoted, and this was another opportunity for 
it to go another notch higher and definitely support all our other ventures that we have 
undertaken and shared with all of you like MOPA Airport, like Kolkata Airport, like opening of 
Ekta Nagar in the next 6 to 8 weeks, plus the opening of Bangalore Airport next year. 
 
So all these things will give an absolute boost to the brand awareness of Ginger brand, and that's 
why we'd rather have it in one brand. Exactly what we did with Taj and continue to do with Taj, 
make one brand clean and pure instead of being all over the place. 
Shaleen: 
All right, sir. Just one more question in continuation is like INR163 crores primary, so --if can 
we understand like what's the usage of that? Will it be to uplift the current property, or it will be 
for the expansion, because we do not know what's the condition of these assets right now, right? 
So just some color on that? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So some of it will go to -- like you know, most of the portfolio is actually management contracts. 
So the responsibility of incurring capex actually lies largely with the owners. So essentially, our 
approach here will be to say that there is a war chest available to expedite this upgradation.  
Essentially, this is obviously a conversation to be had once the transaction closes. But the idea 
is to see how can we use this capital, which is available at disposal to bring most or if not all the 
hotels onto the Ginger platform as quickly as possible with the same similar sort of standard, 
which is deployed by Ginger Lean Luxe model so that the unlocking of value and upliftment on 
occupancy and ARR happens quickly. 
 
And so that's where the bulk of the capital will go. And then the other opportunity, which is 
basically also which I mentioned -- alluded to earlier was the moving from management 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
contracts to revenue share. And typically, this could be a couple of crores to INR5 crores kind 
of investment, which may happen depending on, let's say, if an owner has got -- wants to expand 
and he has already got the FSI in his property, but doesn't have the funds to sort of expand. 
 
And then the conversation for moving from a management contract to revenue share becomes a 
much more easier conversation. So we have identified already about 8 to 10 properties, which 
we will sort of start acting once the transaction closes. So that's the second use of capital. And 
the third could obviously be kind of replicating the Ginger big box model, which is something 
which we've also -- it's been also our journey over the last 7 years, and we've realized how Ginger 
Big Boxes have delivered in the last few years. 
 
And as you know, Ginger Mumbai Airport is a classic example of delivering close to INR100 
crores revenue and INR50 crores plus EBITDA in the first full year of operations. So I think 
that's the third opportunity where some of the capital could go, where the management team, 
which is the current management team, the promoter group will continue to run the business, 
and it's up to them to then source opportunities, which can fit into their sort of the kind of hotels 
they would want to want. So big box also opens up the third sort of use of capital. 
Shaleen: 
Right, sir. Just last bit, you only have a Ginger in mind or do you think there is a scope for 
gateway as well here? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
There could be, Shaleen, one or the other, because we have to drive the best value. So I don't 
think 100% of the hotels will fit into Ginger. But we do believe that the majority -- significant 
majority, anything between 85% to 90% for Ginger is fine. The rest we will take a call during 
this period of completion of the deal and find the best value proposition. Of course, there will 
be opportunity for the Clarks Exotica can obviously become a gateway. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Or someone can be on a selection platform. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Or on the selection's platform, yes. Other questions you can take offline with us later. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is regarding the brand positioning overall. So while you alluded to the fact that 
this segment -- mid-scale segment is a growing segment, et cetera. But we have also historically 
said that our focus is on premium segment where there is lowest growth in capacity by industry 
peers and which will continue to benefit the pricing, etcetera and profitability. Now we are 
expanding significantly in mid-scale.  
I understand it is management contract as a result, maybe the stakes are not as high in terms of 
the capital employed. But how do we think about your overall brand positioning as a company 
going forward? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Sorry, Prateek, I don't understand. I think it has to be very clear that the crown jewel of our 
brandscape was, is and will always remain Taj, not only of our brandscape, but of our company 
and of Tata Group and of India. However, we have created a brandscape and in our endeavor to 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
do comprehensive brand management, one of the critical factors in mid-scale or a little bit above 
or below mid-scale is scaling of the brands.  
That is highly critical for Ginger. It's highly critical for even our Homestay Ama or for Tree of 
Life. Under Accelerate 2030, we also articulated that the majority of the future growth will come 
through Gateway Ginger, Tree of Life. So we are absolutely in line with that, but we should not 
forget that the Taj is something which was and will always remain the priority and that is what 
will define our culture. 
Our core values, which are common throughout the brands are based on the values of trust, 
awareness and joy. That's what Taj stands for. And we are definitely making far more progress 
with Taj. It's today, the size of the luxury brand is possibly among the top three in the world, 
number one.  
Number two, Taj has been consistently rated as world's strongest hotel brand by Brand Finance 
and India's strongest brand across all sectors since last 5 years and 4 years on a world platform 
basis. So let there be and I'm very thankful to you for raising this directly or indirectly or if you 
meant it or not so that we have the opportunity to once more make it very clear that what defines 
us is Taj and that is not changing in the short, medium or long term.  
And that -- this investment justifies. This kind of investment for a 51% stake will not justify 
even one Taj property. So that's the difference in scale and absolute luxury and quality. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes. I think just to add, Prateek, as you have seen from our quarterly investor deck, we have 
always talked about putting out capex on the balance sheet for the hotels, which we are going to 
develop. And this includes the three, four ones which are already in the public domain, for 
example, the Bandstand One, the Fort Aguada, next to Fort Aguada is Aguada Plateau, and also 
the one in Shiroda. 
 
All these are come under the brand Taj or similar luxury brands, Taj in Ranchi. So I think that's 
-- it's not an either/or situation. I think we've talked about this in the past. It's a very 
heterogeneous country, and you have to -- being the market leader, you have to cater to different 
segments of the consumer.  
And I think this is actually one of the best way to scale up Ginger, because like we've said in the 
past, the potential for Ginger brand or the mid-scale brand for the company is 1,000 Gingers. 
You cannot get there organically. It will just take too long. And make this effective and make it 
really happen in a practical way, this is probably the best and the most efficient way of doing it. 
And we are very happy that we have got a partner who actually echoes that sentiment. And so 
it's actually a lot of good excitement out here on this. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Another question is, so all the Clark Hotels in India are under these two groups and all of them 
will migrate to Ginger eventually? And are there more Clarks Hotels under any other group in 
the country, for clarification? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
There are within the same family. This is like a legacy issue. They have several companies. I 
think almost all the asset-light hotels are actually covered in this and maybe a few assets heavy 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
are actually not covered in this. That probably single digit, maybe less than 10, so like 4 to 5 
kind of number. And this is the beginning of a relationship. So we'll see how the relationship 
there is going forward. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure. And one question on your expanding room number of hotels, this is a great news. And so 
-- more like a theoretical question on management bandwidth. So does this kind of scaling of 
management contact -- contract, which is kind of a global module for other companies like 
Marriott, etcetera. So how should we think of management and bandwidth and the hiring, which 
you would require to manage too many hotels? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Thank you, Prateek for this question. The job done by these three young cousins and brothers 
was so phenomenal in making 150 hotels that, that is one of the reasons we have integrated them 
in the journey forward. So they will continue to drive growth and management. We will 
obviously give them the required support of the bandwidth that IHCL has.  
And maybe a couple of our people will also go there in the management, and we will run it 
through a proper governance structure. And we have a lot of experience in doing that even with 
publicly listed entities. As you know, we have OHL, we have Taj GVK. We have Banaras 
Hotels, we have PM Hotels. 
 
So it's in a similar kind of a way, this will be run by the current ownership. They just get diluted, 
and we will give them a few of our stalwarts. And that way, the skill sets will get complemented 
and will not put any kind of strain on our existing talent pipeline or on our bandwidth, rather 
enhance it.  
Because seeing these growth opportunities, you should not underestimate how many people in 
the last 5, 7 years have had the opportunity to grow with us. And that means all these new brands, 
all these high growth of our portfolio has given a growth platform and a growth mindset to the 
entire company. 
 
So I think they are following the same formula, and we are very confident that what these people 
have been able to do without any capital or without any big company backing behind them that 
with our help, they will even be able to perform at much higher level and a faster rate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
My first question is around conversions to the revenue share. You've been talking about there is 
an opportunity to convert the revenue share model. Just want to understand, is it like straight 
away at your will, where you can convert, or is there a condition in that, how easy be it is to 
convert from the management contract with the venue share. So if you could please give us a bit 
of a color on that, that will be helpful? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
So Achal, thanks for the question. It's not straightforward. And that's why if you see our 
projections, which we gave out, we haven't really included that portion. We have just talked 
about this as a potential upside. And that's the reason why we think it's real and not something 
imaginary is because the current management team has already demonstrated success on this 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
front by actually converting a hotel in Rajasthan, in Ajmer from a management contract to 
revenue share. 
 
So it is very much a real opportunity, and it requires hotel-by-hotel discussion, because every 
owner will need some kind of support as he has to sort of either expand or he needs some kind 
of -- he's not able to sort of manage the payroll, et cetera. So this is how this typically happens. 
We've also had that thing in our portfolio also in the past. So -- it will evolve over a period of 
time. 
 
But we are confident that in the next -- I mean, if you look at the portfolio, we're talking about 
135 hotels, even if you get 10%, we're talking about 13 hotels, which can easily give you INR60 
crores to INR75 crores of top line itself, right? So I think -- and then obviously, much higher 
contribution in terms of EBITDA as well.  
So I think that's the opportunity set. And I think it's a real set, but we can only give you more 
color when we sort of close the transaction and sit down and do a more granular exercise on the 
portfolio, but pretty much something which we are focused on. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. My second question was in terms of financials, I just want to understand because you 
have shown projections to FY '30, wherein you are showing EBITDA margin -- EBITDAR 
margin reaching 38%, while on one of the slides -- and of course, I mean, in Ginger, you 
generating a much higher EBITDA margin. So I mean, are you not thinking or are not expecting 
these hotels to reach to the current EBITDA margin you are generating in Ginger? Or how does 
it work like? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
No, I think if you see first -- like I said, '27 is a year of transition. And therefore -- and then after 
that, it will take 1 or 2 years for the benefit of the Lean Luxe for the tips to actually sort of take 
effect. That's why if you see by FY '50, we are getting to a 50% EBITDA margin. And then can 
it happen earlier? Potentially, yes.  
But it's also something which we have to get into far more granularity in terms of actually 
figuring out how quickly the migration happens to Ginger and the Lean Luxe implementation. 
Thereis a stabilization phase in each of this, which is also the experience we have had with our 
own Ginger, Lean Luxe sort of investments, which have happened over the last few years. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the last question from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit 
Capital. 
Karan Khanna: 
Puneet firstly, if you look at the Clarks portfolio, Clarks has presence across many brands, and 
you acquired just 3 of them. Could you highlight the thought process behind the same? And as 
a follow-up, will you look to acquire the remaining 49% stake in these brands at a later stage 
and perhaps acquire or integrate the remaining brands in your portfolio as well? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Which are the -- see, actually, this Clarks brand -- these two companies have all the Clarks 
brands, which includes Clarks Suites, Clarks Inns, Clarks Exotica. All of them come under the 
-- they've kind of run under different brands, but it is very much part of these two companies, 
okay? So I think that's something which is already part of the transaction.  

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
And over time, the whole idea is that we sort of migrate them to a sort of a brand architecture, 
which is reflective of the positioning of the hotels, which is what we said 85% to 90% should be 
in the mid-scale category and should get to a ginger stage. The rest, depending on the brand, 
could be a gateway, could be a selection.  
And that is to be an exercise, which we will do as we move forward. As far as the 49% goes, 
there is no plan as of now to purchase the 49%. We are, like I said, entering into a strategic 
partnership. And this is not because they are pure financial investors, they're also going to be 
driving the business, which is very critical for the success of this partnership that we continue 
with the management and they kind of integral to this transaction. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And just a clarification, Ankur, I think earlier on in the call, you mentioned that the 
enterprise was being valued at around INR240 crores. So help me reconcile that. If I'm looking 
at Slide # -- I think this is Slide #8 or 9 -- sorry, Slide #7, where you're buying 51% and investing 
INR204 crores. So is the enterprise value INR400 crores or just help me reconcile that INR240 
crores number that you're mentioning earlier on in the call? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
INR240 crores is the enterprise value. And if you look at the math, it's INR160 crores of primary, 
which basically goes into the company and the balance is secondary. So the money going in the 
company obviously increases the equity value, right, because you've put enterprise value and 
cash goes into the business. So if it was a pure secondary bill transaction, we would have bought 
the business for INR240 crores, right? Does that answer the question, Karan? 
Karan Khanna: 
No, I think that's helpful. I think INR160 crores going into the company and perhaps INR90-
odd crores for the balance. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
INR160 crores basically sitting there, and that will unlock further value. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And thirdly, in terms of Accelerate 2030 plan where you're targeting 700 hotels portfolio 
by 2030. Post this acquisition, you will already be at around 530 hotels. Given this -- 550, given 
this -- do you see a meaningful increase in this expected hotel number and the mix of managed 
and owned hotels by year 2030?  
And as a follow-up, with recent arrangements with Claridges, Clarks and Brij, from a more long-
term perspective, is acquisition of large branded managed rooms collection a strategy that you'll 
actively pursue or are you looking to acquire hotels on your own balance sheet as well? 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Think all routes are open, because we've done -- I think the good thing is that we have the balance 
sheet flexibility to deploy it as and when opportunities come up and opportunity that makes 
sense. It's not about adding rooms. It's about like Mr. Chhatwal referred to in the beginning of 
the call, it's about mid-scale leadership.  
It's about brand amplification and it's about synergies which we can exploit it. So I think it's very 
case to case, and we continue to look at opportunities. I think the good thing, I think Shaleen 
referred to in the beginning is that this is, in a way, I would say, a beginning of the inorganic 
journey, which I think can be very incremental to what we have been doing. And we've talked 

 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
about this optionality earlier. And I think this is, I think, a signal saying that we have now sort 
of taken the first step in that direction. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Puneet Chhatwal for closing comments. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call, and we look forward to our next interaction post the 
Q2 results. Those who have any further questions can contact us offline, we'll be happy to answer 
whatever queries you might have. Have a wonderful evening, everyone, and looking forward to 
speaking to you all soon. 
Ankur Dalwani: 
Yes, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Indian Hotels Company Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
