 
                                                                                                                               
August 19, 2025 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Service 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
NSE Symbol: VENTIVE 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda bldg., P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544321 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Disclosure under  Regulation  30  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  
India  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) ‐ Transcript  of the Earnings Call held on August 
14, 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of  the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call 
held by the Company on August 14, 2025 at 4.00 p.m. in respect of the unaudited financial 
results (standalone and consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
disclosed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
www.ventivehospitality.com 
Request you to take same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
 
Pradip Bhatambrekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A25111 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR
Digitally signed by PRADIP 
P BHATAMBREKAR 
Date: 2025.08.19 11:26:36 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Ventive Hospitality Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANJIT BATRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. PARESH BAFNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MR. KEDAR SHIRALI – ADVISOR – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ventive Hospitality Limited Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. The audio 
archive, transcription, financial statements and the other documents related to the quarter will 
be made available on the company's website.  
We have with us today from the management team of Ventive Hospitality Limited represented 
by Mr. Ranjit Batra, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Paresh Bafna, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Milind Wadekar, Executive Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations and Mr. Kedar 
Shirali, Advisor, Investor Relations.  
Please note that Ventive Hospitality Limited does not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance. Anything said on this call that reflects management's outlook for the future, or which 
could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction with the risk 
that company faces. These risks are outlined in the second slide of earnings update presentation 
available on the company's website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra. Thank you, sir. Over to you. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today on this call. After a stellar 
performance in FY25, we've kicked off FY26 on a strong note with 18% year-on-year and 
EBITDA growing at 13% year-on-year. 
Our India hospitality business demonstrated resilience and consistency, growing at 13% in 
revenue. This was despite the travel disruptions we witnessed in May due to geopolitical 
tensions. ADR in India grew at 10% year-on-year, driven by a sharp pricing strategy and active 
asset management, offsetting temporary softness in occupancies. 
At Ventive, we've always looked at hospitality holistically. TRevPAR is our guiding parameter, 
which gives us a full picture of our assets and their performance.  
In Q1, India TRevPAR stood at around INR13,000 up 13% over the same quarter last year. This 
was driven by 20% growth in F&B and other source revenue, led by strong non-resident footfalls 
at award-winning F&B outlets, as well as banquets and catering. This TRevPAR performance 
translated into strong EBITDA numbers, with India hospitality EBITDA growing at 28% in the 
quarter.  
Turning to our international hospitality business, performance remained extremely robust. 
Revenue growth in Maldives continues to remain robust with 33% growth this quarter, driven 
by stabilization of Raaya by Atmosphere and TRevPAR growth across our portfolio. On same-
store basis, revenue grew 11%. Same-store TRevPAR in Maldives was INR54,000, while 
including Raaya, it stood at INR44,000. As mentioned in previous calls, this is due to Raaya's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
all-inclusive model and it operates at different price point compared to our ultra-luxury offerings, 
both in Conrad, Anantara Maldives. 
 
EBITDA grew at 47% for Maldives, while same-store EBITDA grew at 30% year-on-year to 
INR421 million, demonstrating the strength and resilience of our Maldives resorts, and showing 
their ability to capture the wallet share across multiple revenue streams.  
We continue to maintain our industry-leading margins. Our consolidated EBITDA stood at 44% 
on the same-store basis, in line with last year. Including Raaya, consolidated EBITDA's margin 
was 42%. 
Our annuity portfolio continues to remain stable, with 97% committed occupancy and a rent of 
INR117 per sq.ft/month. 
Let me now update you on our development pipeline. Last month, we signed management 
contracts with Marriott International for three hotels in our pipeline: 
Ritz-Carlton Reserve Pottuvil 73 villas in Sri Lanka, Varanasi Marriott Hotel, 161 rooms, 
Courtyard by Marriott, Mundra 200 rooms.  
At the same event, our promoter group companies announced four more hotels:  
J.W. Navi Mumbai, 450 keys, Moxy Navi Mumbai, 200 keys, Moxy Pune Wakad 264 keys and 
Moxy Pune Kharadi, 200 keys.  
These four hotels will be made available on the right of first-offer or alternate structure basis, 
under a suitable arrangement that maximizes value for all stakeholders.  
I am pleased to share that this was the largest one-day signing for Marriott ever in India and it 
further strengthens our long-lasting partnership with them. With Moxy, we are also tapping into 
the preferences of younger travelers-future-ready designs, digital savvy and catering to 
experience-seeking clientele.  
Together, these seven hotels and the rebranding of Aloft Whitefield to AC by Marriott will add 
1,582 keys over the next five years, starting FY27. 
In parallel, we are evaluating land parcels for Greenfield Resort projects with branded residents, 
as well as acquisition opportunities to add an additional 500 keys. In total, our pipeline will 
exceed 2000 keys, effectively doubling our portfolio over the next five years. 
While there are inorganic opportunities as well, we will remain focused on same-store growth 
through pricing, deeper F&B monetization, improved weekend occupancy and activation of our 
underutilized spaces across our hotels and the opportunity of having a very dominating position 
in Pune itself.  
In other highlights from the quarter: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
The Ritz-Carlton Pune received LEED Platinum Certification from the U.S. Green Building 
Council for Sustainable Operations, further furthering our ESG commitment. 
Anantara Dhigu Maldives and Conrad Rangali Maldives featured in Travel + Leisure 500 2025 
Top Hotels in Asia. 
 
Aasmana and Ukiyo at the Ritz-Carlton Pune, Paasha and Alto Vino at the JW Marriott Pune 
were awarded three stars by Hospitality Horizon, Epicurean Awards.  
Looking ahead, we see continued momentum in both our India and Maldives business as we 
move towards seasonally stronger second half of the year.  
With that, I now request Milind and Paresh to take through the financials in detail. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you, Ranjit. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, let me share my usual disclaimer 
on the comparative for last year. As you are aware, the acquisition of several entities in our 
portfolio took place in August 2024. So, our financial statement of prior period does not have 
the financial numbers of those entities. 
To enable comparison, we have prepared proforma financial statements based on internal MIS 
of these periods, as if those acquisitions were made on April 1, 2023. Their revenue, cost and 
EBITDA are included in the proforma financial statement of FY24 and H1 FY25. Hence, the 
number presented in the statutory financial statement will differ from the proforma figures in 
our commentary, our press release and earnings update presentation. 
 
Let me now walk you through our Quarter 1 FY26 headline numbers. Our consolidated revenue 
in Q1 was INR520 crores, a growth of 18% year-on-year. Our hospitality revenue was INR386 
crores, a 23% increase year-on-year. Within that, our India portfolio contributed revenue of 
INR179 crores, up 13% year-on-year basis, driven by ADR growth and strong F&B revenue 
growth that Ranjit highlighted.  
Our international hospitality revenue grew 33% to INR207 crores, including Raaya, which got 
consolidated from January 1, 2025. On the same store basis, international hospitality revenue 
growth was 11%. 
Moving on to profitability in our India hospitality business, our prudent cost management 
resulted in 72% flow through of the incremental revenue, helping expand our EBITDA margin 
by 4% points to 35%.  
Similarly, in our international business, we delivered incremental revenue of INR16.6 crores, 
while limiting incremental expenses to INR7 crores on same store basis. Consequently, our 
EBITDA margin expanded by 3% points year-on-year basis to 24%. 
We will continue our prudent cost management strategies to expand our hospitality margins 
further on annual basis.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
In absolute terms, our consolidated EBITDA in Q1 FY26 was INR220.3 crores, a growth of 
13% year-on-year basis. Our consolidated EBITDA margin was at 44% on same store basis and 
at 42%, including Raaya. 
Let me highlight that Raaya commenced its operation in July 2024 and this is the first operating 
quarter in non-peak season. We are confident that our revenue management strategies will help 
improve these resorts, hospitality segments and our consolidated EBITDA margins in the 
quarters to come.  
Our hospitality business contributed EBITDA of INR110.9 crores, a growth of 35% year-on-
year basis. Within that, our India hospitality business contributed an EBITDA of INR 63.4 
crores, up 28% year-on-year basis.  
Our international hospitality business generated an EBITDA of INR 47.6 crores in Q1, a growth 
of 47%. EBITDA growth on same store basis was 30%. 
Lastly, the annuity component of our portfolio consisting of prime commercial office buildings 
and retail properties in Pune generated a revenue of INR 124 crores, up 2% year-on-year, while 
EBITDA was INR 111 crores, a growth of 1% year-on-year. 
Now I request Paresh to take you through our debt summary. 
Paresh Bafna: 
We are continuing to consolidate our balance sheet during the quarter, supported by strong 
operational performance. Our consolidated gross debt stood at INR 2,188 crores, comprising of 
INR 1,264 crores in rupee-denominated debt and USD 108 million (equivalent to INR 924 
crores) in USD denominated debt for our Maldives hotel. Our consolidated cash balance was 
INR 509 crores, resulting in net debt of INR 1,679 crores.  
We reduced our debt by INR 75.9 crores and USD denominated debt by USD 5 million, totalling 
equivalent to INR 116 crores. 
Our cost of finance remains highly competitive. As of June 30, interest rates were 7.85% for 
rupee-denominated loans and 7.55% for USD denominated loans. This reduction will lead to 
interest savings of further INR 40 million on an annualized basis, further strengthening our cash 
reserves.  
Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio has improved quarter-on-quarter. We believe our stable annuity 
cash flows, strong cash surplus and available debt headroom provide us with financial flexibility 
to pursue acquisition and growth opportunities while maintaining our competitive advantage. 
 
We continue to hold strong credit ratings, AA’ with CRISIL and ‘AA+’ for our material 
subsidiary and remain fully compliant with SEBI regulations for listed entities. 
With this, we would now like to open the floor for questions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So, I had a few questions actually. So, first of all, I wanted 
to understand about the difference between the RevPAR and the TRevPAR. So, your TRevPAR 
was up 13% while your RevPAR was up about 8%. So, what's going on there? I mean, your non-
room revenue grew very strongly it seems. So, was it because of strong MICE or was it because 
of higher restaurant sales? So, any color would be appreciated, please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Hi, Achal, this is Ranjit here. Yes, of course, given our portfolio and our high performance in 
F&B, which includes specialty restaurants and banquets in India and also in Maldives, the 
concept of one island, one resort makes our customers spend again on the extra incremental 
revenue apart from the rooms on F&B and other things like excursions, bars, etcetera.  
So, we have a very high level of contribution of other sources and that's why for us as Ventive 
our parameter is TRevPAR, which means total revenue per available room as a correct metric, 
which will indicate to us fairly our real performance. 
Achal Kumar: 
But is it possible for you to break down the non-room revenue into the like the food and beverage 
and the sort of other part of MICE, marriages, exhibitions and all, please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, sure. So, approximately 35% to 40% of our F&B revenue, now I'm talking about India or 
to put differently around 15% of total revenue in India comes from MICE and weddings, which 
is very healthy. Rest comes from specialty restaurants. We are as you know we have one of the 
largest banquet halls in Western India and JW also is positioned as a convention hotel.  
So, we focus equally on F&B, like I said, as a company and on rooms. So, for example, in FY25, 
India F&B contribution was 36% and Maldives was 33%. And our flagship properties in India, 
had an even higher contribution up to 50%. To give you a little bit more flavor, we are not fully 
dependent on our occupancies for our F&B portfolio, 80% of our F&B footfall actually comes 
from outside the city, which means that the hotel in-house capture is only 20%, which keeps our 
F&B performance largely independent of room occupancy. I hope I have answered your 
question. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, I think that's helpful. My second question about your debt. So, basically, your debt has -- 
your INR debt has gone down slightly, your US dollar debt has gone down slightly. But, I mean, 
you face significant currency risk on your US dollar debt. Although, I understand that the cost 
of debt is also slightly low, but I think forex risk is much bigger.  
So, don't you have or sort of, I mean, do you have a focus on reducing US dollar debt much 
faster than INR and especially in the situation when we are facing so much of drama from 
Trump? So, there's a bigger risk to the currency. So, what are your thoughts on that, please? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Achal, Milind here, our US debt is on our Maldives entities and the entire revenue and 
expenses in Maldives are accounted in US dollars. So, from that perspective, we have natural 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
hedge when it comes to currency risk as far as repayment is concerned. And, in fact, when US 
dollar goes up, it helps us in incremental revenue when we convert it, convert Maldives 
companies financials to Indian rupees and consolidate it. So, from that perspective it helps and, 
currency risk perspective there is a natural hedge. 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay, fine. And then I had a question around your operational performance. I mean, you had 
continued sort of low occupancy levels in the domestic as well as international market, which 
actually confuses me because I mean, it is these occupancy levels are well below the industry 
average. And then, of course, once I get talking about a lot more and more GCC coming to Pune, 
but I think, I mean, the current occupancy levels are quite low as compared to the industry. Any 
thoughts, any colors on that? How do you see these? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, to an extent, yes. This was pretty much an effort we started two years back where we were 
pushing ADRs. And like we said, we are going to be going the route of occupancy moving 
forward. Very clearly, we have some results to back this. FY25 we grew our occupancy by on 
portfolio level by 4%. And we are continuing this growth going forward. I think this gives us a 
lot of headroom for growth in occupancy and catching up with the industry. I think that's where 
we are right now. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Achal, to add further to what Ranjit said, I mean, our last year's occupancy for the year, India 
portfolio was 66% and we have limited presence in gateway cities. Now, if you look at 
occupancy in gateway cities, I mean, three years back, occupancy picked up in Hyderabad. Last 
one and a half year, occupancy is hitting the roof in Bangalore. And our view is occupancy will 
pick up in Pune, as we move ahead. And our internal estimate, it should go up to 70% to 75% in 
medium term. I mean, we are not saying it will happen immediately. But progressively, it will 
go up to 70% to 75%. 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay. And why do you think so? I mean, what are the drivers you see when you say that you 
expect occupancy levels to go to 77% something like that? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Look, in my view, we have very clear indications of the office uptake, where we are concentrated 
Pune especially, there's a 40 million growth of office space directly relating to hotel occupancy. 
There's huge infrastructural upgrade that is going to be affecting a lot of our assets. Let me talk 
about first the Maldives.  
Maldives has got a huge infrastructure development of the new airport that's open. So that's 
going to be catering from 2 million going up to 7 million international travelers going seamlessly 
to the resort. So that's going to be quite a changer, both in rates and occupancies, more so 
occupancies because that will drive volume.  
And Pune again, apart from Pune offices, it is going to be the office uptake related also to the 
new Navi Mumbai Airport that is set to open end of the year. And we are seeing strong demand 
from GCCs, BPOs, FinTech, and banking firms and especially where our hotels are well placed 
to catch that opportunity. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Milind Wadekar: 
So actually, two, three infra projects. One is New Mumbai Airport, Pune Airport, new airport is 
getting constructed. The old one is expanded. Connectivity, Mumbai-Pune Express Highway 
will be improved. It will reduce travel time by half an hour. And ring road is getting built around 
Pune City. So that will improve traffic conditions within the city. So all that should improve 
overall living standards and business in Pune. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. And then on the capex plan, could you please give a bit of a color on what are your capex 
plan now? And given that you have now you have ROFO assets which are coming up. So how, 
including all that, what kind of capex should we expect and how are you planning to fund those 
capex? And while we are on the capex, I also wanted to understand if you have any plans or any 
focus on inorganic growth, or are you already in the process to find out something for the 
growth? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So the total capital outlay for the seven announced hotels will be around INR2,200 crores. I'll 
let Milind give you further details on that. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Yes, Achal. Now, if you look at our announcement for 1,582 keys, I mean 1,582 includes 34 
keys addition to our Aloft Bangalore hotel. So, four hotels, including Bangalore Marriott 
Rebranding, is on the company's balance sheet. That is Varanasi, Mundra in Gujarat, Sri Lanka, 
and Marriott Bangalore. So total capex outlay for these four hotels will be in the range of 
INR1,000 crores to be spent over the next 30 to 36 months and balance 1114 keys are developed 
by the group.  
And these are on, we are looking at various options and alternatives on how to take it. And one 
of the options we are evaluating is we'll take warm-shell lease from group companies. That will 
happen after 30 to 36 months. So for the first three years or two and a half years, we'll spend 
capex of INR1,000 crores on four hotels on the balance sheet.  
By the time this warm-shell is ready and we will need around 12 to 18 months for fit out, that 
capex is around INR1.200. So, our approach is to fund growth through internal accruals, 
maintaining healthy leverages. The hospitality industry, we are looking at structural long-term 
growth. Last financial year, we achieved consolidated EBITDA of INR1,000 crores on proforma 
basis. And we expect mid-term, mid-teens revenue growth and high-teens EBITDA growth, 
resulting in estimated cumulative EBITDA of INR6,500 crores over the next five years. And 
that will generate around INR4,500 crores cash surplus and 500 what we have cash on books. 
So total INR5,000 crores is available for capex. So we are committing INR2,200 crores for the 
announced pipeline, keeping gunpowder dry for potential value accretive acquisition. I hope that 
answers your question. 
Achal Kumar: 
And does that include all the maintenance capex and everything? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Yes, maintenance capex will be small amount, I mean, INR30 crores-INR50 crores a year. So it 
will not move the needle, I mean, looking at the cash flow, what we are expected to generate 
year-on-year basis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay, fine, perfect. I have two more questions, but I'll come back in a queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Angad from UBS 
India. Please go ahead. 
Angad: 
Yes, hi, thank you for taking my question. Two questions. One, on the inorganic strategy that 
you were intending to implementing. So what sort when you're looking at these assets to acquire, 
what sort of criteria do you look at in terms of size, profitability, if you could just give some 
more color on what's the strategy around looking at those assets? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Hi, Angad. Thank you for your question. Yes, I think it's a very interesting landscape that we 
have in terms of trying to acquire assets for all listed companies at this stage. And we are no 
different. What we do is we look at the industry as a whole. And we also put a lot of weightage 
on what the customer preferences are and how they are shifting today and for the tomorrow 
users. So, we're combining that with our strength of construction that we have as a legacy.  
And we will be looking at a lot of opportunities for rebranding, repositioning and we will be 
open to new concepts as well. At this stage, our focus is looking at four trends of leisure, 
combined with wellness at a very aggressive way. We know this industry is right now at around 
$6.3 trillion and is going to move to $9 trillion by 2028. So, we want to be part of that as well. I 
know, in general, India has to a great extent missed the pure leisure story. And we want to -- we 
clearly see the space to come and fill that for sure. Apart from this, we are also looking very 
actively to add some branded residences in leisure destinations. That's pretty much our view at 
this stage, how we look at acquiring new assets. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So let me add further. Angad our capital allocation policies are guided by internal threshold or 
return on capital employed and we are location agnostic. And we'll deploy our capital in 
hospitality assets, which will diversify our geographic concentration and also help us to address 
new market and customer segments.  
So, Ranjit has covered most of it. See, currently we are actively evaluating potential acquisition 
candidates in high-end leisure and wellness segments. We especially like assets with surplus 
land and further development potential, where we can build, as Ranjit mentioned branded 
residences for sale, which will bring down our project cost. 
Angad: 
And when you say that you're intending to be geographic agnostic to a certain extent, what sort 
of micro-markets are you excited today in terms of -- when you look at India, like obviously you 
have existing assets in certain geographies, but when you're looking to expand, what sort of 
micro-markets are you really looking very bullish on? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, we already have very strategic presence in the Bangalore micro-markets, both ORR and 
Whitefield. We also have covered the religious destination with our Marriott in Varanasi. We 
actually are looking at more from an opportunity perspective, not geography perspective. And 
some of the micro-markets that obviously excite us are some of the assets that are already in the 
pipeline with the Moxy portfolio that we discussed in the beginning.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
And we are also very excited about the Navi Mumbai combination of the new JW, which is a 
very dominating brand for that market, which we've managed to secure well ahead of time with 
the combination with Moxy. So, this is pretty much how we are looking at as first entry mover 
advantage areas that have less supply.  
For example, Mundra would be a first mover's advantage with a proper branded hotel. And 
leisure is something we all recognize is there are huge opportunities. In my view, our leisure has 
got us a little diluted over the years. I think most of the hotels have become wedding hotels. So 
we've missed the leisure boat to most of our neighboring countries, especially when they get 
very, very aggressive with the visa-free policies and lure most of our holiday makers.  
And if we are true to leisure, I feel, and we combined that with wellness, which is inherently a 
strong point for India, I believe we have a good combination to get leisure travelers back to 
India. And I think there are two obvious reasons. I think when we see leisure, Indians are a little 
different when they consume leisure. They particularly travel in big groups, and they make last-
minute plans for holidays. So, I see more and more reason why we would be right in the right 
position to capture this market in India itself. 
Angad: 
Got it. Thank you for that elaborate answer. Just one last question. We're talking about 
occupancy levels to increase and we're anticipating that to happen for Pune as well. We just want 
to understand the sensitivity of that towards margins. Occupancy and ADR, how do you see the 
sensitivity towards margins and with occupancy rising what do you see the potential of some 
improvement on margins front as well? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Yes, Angad. Let me first talk about margin sensitivity to ADR improvement. I mean, we estimate 
approximately, I mean, it has two impacts. One is there will be incremental EBITDA, which will 
flow through and there will be impact on our EBITDA margins. So, 1% ADR improvement will 
translate into around 90% to 95% of incremental EBITDA, because the cost against this 
incremental revenue is only operator fees and credit card commission.  
So, our margin sensitivity, as I said, will be 60 bps to 65 bps with 1% growth in ADR. Similarly, 
with 1% expansion in occupancy, our EBITDA margins will improve by 75 bps. And 
incremental revenue from incremental occupancy, incremental EBITDA from incremental 
occupancy will be 80% to 85%, because incremental cost is only guest supplies, room amenities, 
operator fees and credit card commission.  
To elaborate further, I mean, let me give you some perspective and some numbers. Our India 
ADR in FY25 was around 11,250, which is equivalent to U.S. dollar 130. Given the demand 
supply dynamics in India hospitality, we expect this to converge with global rates. Even a small 
$25 ADR improvement will add around INR75 crores to INR80 crores of our EBITDA. I mean, 
to summarize, 1% ADR growth improves our EBITDA margin by 60 bps to 65 bps and 1% 
occupancy expansion will improve our EBITDA margins by 70 bps to 75 bps. 
Angad: 
Got it. Thank you so much. That's all from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Vaibhav Muley from Yes Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Yeah, sir. First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question was on 
international performance. We have done a fairly decent occupancy expansion year-on-year and 
TRevPAR has also held up well on a same-store basis. So what has fundamentally changed to 
this led to this improvement in the international market? And do you think this trajectory will 
continue in the upcoming quarters and we'll see notable improvement in the operational 
performance for full year? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, I agree, Vaibhav, the Maldives revenue did grow. We grew 33% in EBITDA by 47%, which 
is fantastic. Thank you for the compliment. Even though there is a seasonality factor in Maldives 
now that we have taken over full and active asset management. We are bringing in a huge amount 
of efficiencies in place for margins. And Anantara did grow in occupancy, but there was a little 
blip in the ADR, while Conrad grew both in occupancy and ADR. But overall margins and 
growth was seen in both the hotels. We put in some efficiencies. There are three big boxes in 
Maldives. One is the power, the second is manpower and the third is the procurement. So, we 
put in procurement in place.  
We are doing cluster procurement, which has started to show a lot of results. There is a lot of 
learning from Raaya, which is actually an all-inclusive concept, and it has a lot of discipline in 
the purchase front. We have done some serious negotiations on diesel pricing. Diesel is 
something that is running 24/7 on generators in Maldives.  
So, any change there has a huge impact on margins. And, of course, we are expanding the solar 
footprint and all the three resorts that we have. And the work is not only started, it started 
showing results and we are going to start moving into the expansion mode. So, these are the few 
things, plus very active asset management on a day-to-day basis, a lot of focus on marketing, a 
lot of focus on ESG.  
I think Maldives is a very fragile country and ESG is currently the filters to choose and book 
resorts in Maldives- which has huge implications on the eco-sensitivity. So, we have actually 
gone into a lot of certifications and partnerships there, which is going to be a huge change.  
We have got new programs which are in place for guests to come and enjoy luxury without guilt 
and things like that. So, it's a matter of marketing and sending the right messaging across. Lastly, 
I think our occupancy, yes, has gone up by 3%, which is also through some operating leverage. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Understood. And just a follow-up on that. So how has been the performance of Raaya? Last time 
you had mentioned it had turned EBITDA positive within six months of operations. Now, has 
there been any improvement? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes. Personally, looking into Raaya, since it's our brand-new baby. On the same store basis, 
Maldives revenue grew 11%, whereas TRevPAR grew at 11%, Maldives grew by 33% and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
EBITDA grew by 47%. So, Raaya continues to be a very stable performer in line with our 
projections and our budgets.  
Occupancy has already reached occupancies at par with the industry standards, which we are 
very, very happy with. And this all-inclusive concept typically works really well if it has got a 
lot of visibility and presence in the wholesale market, which was our strategy for the first year. 
The presence further gives a lot of volume. One has to know that 80% of Maldives still works 
with wholesale market. And all-inclusive is right now the most popular for the wholesale market. 
So, we are right there with the right product, right time. 
Milind Wadekar: 
And we have reported positive EBITDA for Raaya for the quarter. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Okay, got it. Coming to our Pune market, we have as the previous participant mentioned, 
occupancies are relatively lower still compared to industry standards. And we do have a lot of 
headroom for occupancy expansion from the current levels. So would we expect any sort of shift 
in strategy towards higher occupancy expansion at the expense of lower ADR growth in future? 
Ranjit Batra: 
The idea is not to lower the ADR in the future. Idea is to push TRevPAR. That's always our 
philosophy and we'll continue that. And that's where we see our F&B and other incremental 
revenues kicking in. So, while you're right, we did push the ADR in the past and occupancies 
are growing very strong in our portfolio. We will continue the same trajectory with our 
occupancies. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Got it. All right. Thank you so much for answering the questions and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Sorry about that and then thanks for another opportunity. So one I just wanted to understand 
about the operator concentration. So for the new properties also you announced, you have 
selected Marriott as your partner. So just want to understand if there is a legal bounding for you 
to stick to Marriott or not. And if not, then was there a commercial sense to stick to Marriott? 
Why I'm asking this question is that basically, for example, a Varanasi property.  
Now Varanasi is a place where you have a lot of local tourism and do you think local would 
prefer to stay with Marriott or maybe some different players, for example, say Taj or whatever. 
So I'm just trying to understand what is the commercial logic and is there a legal bounding to 
stick with Marriott and not to not to sort of break this operator concentration, please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
I think it's a great question, Achal. And let me try to explain this. I think we have, first of all, no 
legal bounding with any brand here in general, totally brand agnostic. And we are also location 
agnostic, like I said before, but I'll explain the answer. I think when we evaluate hotel operators, 
we obviously consider the demand and supply dynamics and a suitable brand which will be 
available in that particular micro market.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
So, I think a good management company will always have to have good systems, processes, and 
the ability most importantly of global distribution and reservations and Marriott being one of 
them. For our announced project, we felt Marriott brand was fitting and the right choice. We 
introduced the first combo, like I said, JW and Moxy, Navi Mumbai, the first Marriott branded 
in Varanasi, the first Ritz Carlton Reserve in Sri Lanka, the only eight in the world.  
So that's something very, very prestigious. And the first Moxy’s in Pune as well. Our 
relationship, I think, has been further strengthened by signing the seven properties. And when 
we signed first with Marriott, it's a long association, Achal. When we signed with Marriott first, 
there were only six hotels. Today, about 160 hotels and in my view, this partner is a growth 
driver rather than a, what do you say, concentration risk. 
So, Marriott is, in my view, this is again up for debate, but I feel Marriott is truly one of the first 
international brands which has a lot of local adaptability to your question of Varanasi. And not 
only that, but they are also one of the few operators that are bringing in lifestyle brands like 
Moxy and AC, which we have actually participated with. These are perfectly suited for 
millennials, Gen Zs, and I think to a great extent, the IT professionals.  
Marriott also has about 240 million Bonvoy members. I think that's a huge, huge advantage that 
creates a base of a loyalty program, which really brings in new customers, easy to acquire new 
customers. And also, I think it encourages a lot of stickiness to increase our base of repeat 
clientele.  
We've seen this in our existing hotels, and we have seen this how the world is shaping up when 
it comes to choosing hotels through loyalty programs. And that's probably one of the top reasons 
why people choose hotels. So, Achal, I think to sum it up would be that, sometimes if you're 
concentrated geographically in certain locations, having the same brand has a lot of advantages, 
both on the cost side and also the revenue side. And we can also look at, we do look at some 
efficiencies coming out of clustering of resources, talent, revenue management and 
procurements, etcetera. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. Okay. Now, fair enough. Sorry. And then, I just want to understand. So basically, you're 
spending a lot of money on sales and distribution and digital improvement. How much that has 
helped? I mean, did you see any increase in your direct sales and how do you see that going 
forward? I mean, do you see the reduced dependency on the OTAs? And also, so overall, if you 
could just give a bit of a color on your sales and distribution strategy and your direct sales, 
please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, as the world keeps advancing on technology and seamless connectivity, direct bookings on 
bar rate or direct distribution channels is the future. Bundling is also another aspect that is going 
to come in, especially with AI, where we could be bundling in the hotels with other travel options 
and options for things to do. So, these are the things that are 100% coming in.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
We're already seeing that our brands that we are associated with preparing themselves from 
technology perspective, from guest retention and guest acquisition. Data is going to be cold. 
Knowing what a customer wants, how he behaves, and how he's going to consume your hotel, 
whether it's business or leisure. We are no different. Our partners are no different. Marriott is 
ahead in the game, whether it comes to seamless check-in or any of the other technologies that 
they're adopting. I'm particularly very, very bullish on some of the energy monitoring systems 
that we put into place in Ventive, where we can see all the energy on a dashboard on HO level, 
which also relates to other lifecycle management of our assets as well. So yeah, personally, very, 
very bullish on the technology part. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right, okay. And my last question is on your international revenue and EBITDA. So 
internationally, your revenue was up 33%, EBITDA was up 47%. So what was these growth 
number for revenue and EBITDA on same store basis? And then in terms of Raaya, when do 
you think Raaya can come up to the standards of your other hotels, especially in terms of 
EBITDA margin? What was EBITDA margin in this quarter for Raaya, please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, on same store basis, Maldives revenue grew 11% and EBITDA grew by 30%. So, this is 
highlighting actually excellent performance of Conrad and Anantara. Regarding Raaya, if you 
look at our high season margins of Q4, Raaya did even better than Conrad and Anantara, which 
is probably in high 40s.  
I cannot give you forward looking numbers, but this will give you a good indication how Raaya 
performs in this brand-new avatar of just eight months old, already attaining high 40s EBITDA. 
And it's like I said before, it's totally in line with our budgets and performance reviews that we 
do as per our forecast. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Achal, just to add further, I mean, if you look at Maldives business, first two quarters are 
seasonally lean quarters and revenue and EBITDA of quarter 3 equals to revenue and EBITDA 
quarter 1 and quarter 2. And revenue and EBITDA of quarter 4 is equivalent to first three 
quarters revenue and EBITDA.  
From that perspective, Ranjit, as I already explained, Raaya quarter 4, which was peak quarter 
for Maldives reported around 50% EBITDA, which was higher than Conrad and Anantara. And 
with all-inclusive concept and cost initiatives, what we have, we are very confident it will show 
the same level of EBITDA in the quarters to come. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Just a special mention, Achal, if you look at the Tripadvisor, which has a metric for customer 
reviews, Raaya, what we're doing in the first year basically is solidifying the brand, solidifying 
customer experience and laying a foundation for future repeat clientele base. So, a special 
mention is the guest reviews on Tripadvisor for Raaya which is amongst the top 10% globally. 
I think that shows a lot on how the brand is being positioned, how the customers have given 
feedback and how the wholesalers have accepted this product in a very positive way, leading a 
pretty good path for a solid growth in the future. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. And sorry, just clarification. So, you said on same store basis EBITDA was up 13%, 
right? 
Ranjit Batra: 
30%. 
Achal Kumar: 
30 okay. Sorry 30. I am sorry if I can squeeze in last question and I promise I'll shut up after 
that. So basically any words on the forward quarter, the next quarter, any color, because we've 
been hearing that some of the conferences, some of the marriages which was planned in the first 
quarter and because of this India-Pakistan war and all that, some of them were actually shifted 
to the second quarter and these mice and exhibitions and people usually tend to book much in 
advance. So I guess you must have some visibility on the next quarter. So I would really 
appreciate if you could give us some color in terms of how the next quarter looks in terms of 
room revenue, in terms of mice business and all, please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
I'd love to give you a flavor, but all I can tell you at this time, we do not give too much of outlook 
on the future, but we are definitely in line with our projections. Historically, we've done double-
digit growth, and we'll continue to do double-digit growth in most of the parameters. 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the session. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ranjit Batra: 
To conclude, we started the year with strong momentum led by double-digit revenue growth and 
even higher profit growth. In India, revenue grew 13% while EBITDA grew at 28% year-on-
year. In our international hospitality business, same-store revenue grew 11% and EBITDA grew 
30% year-on-year.  
Our annuity business continued to deliver stable performance with a 2% revenue growth. As we 
continue to drive same-store performances through operational excellence, our growth pipeline 
of over 2,000 keys puts us on track to double our portfolio over the next five years. Of this, 1,582 
keys come from the seven Marriott we signed last month and AC by Marriott. The rest is from 
Greenfield and acquisition opportunities. Thank you once again for joining us today. Wishing 
you all a great evening and a great weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Ventive Hospitality Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
