 
 
July 23, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on  
July 18, 2025, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended  
June 30, 2025, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Vasudha Bagri)  
Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A28500 
 
Encl: As above. 
Vasudha 
Bagri
Digitally signed 
by Vasudha Bagri 
Date: 2025.07.23 
16:25:57 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q1 FY2026 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: July 18, 2025 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram – Head Investor Relations  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening everyone. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of Investor 
Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, I 
welcome you all to the company's Q1 FY26 Earnings Webinar. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal - Whole 
Time Director; Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly 
refer to Slide #3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed 
disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Good evening everyone, and welcome to IndiaMART's Q1 FY26 
Earnings Webinar. We have circulated our Earnings Presentation, 
which is available on our own website as well as the stock 
exchange websites. We are sure you would have gone through the 
same. And we would be happy to take any questions afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated revenue from operations 
of Rs. 372 crores in the quarter 1, representing a year-on-year 
growth of about 12%. Collections from the customers have grown 
to Rs. 430 crores, representing about 17% year-on-year growth. 
And deferred revenue grew to Rs. 1,735 crores, representing a 
year-on-year growth of about 17-18%. 
 
In quarter 1, unique business enquiries were 29 million for the 
standalone business of IndiaMART, representing a year-on-year 
growth of about 17%. Total number of paying suppliers stood at 2 
lakh 18 thousand. Net paying subscribers addition in the quarter 1 
was about 1,500. Our platinum and gold customers, which 
constitute approximately 50% of our customer base and about 75% 
of our revenue continue to have very good upsell and retention 
rates. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
We are committed to improving the platform through product 
enhancements, better interface, better customer service and 
onboarding quality suppliers. We are also leveraging generative AI 
and machine learning to address key issues and use cases to 
enhance our offerings and make it easier to do business on 
IndiaMART. 
 
Our focus remains on consistently raising quality standards and 
optimising the user experience to maximise the value delivered by 
our platform. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Good evening everyone. Busy has done a net billing of Rs. 53 
crores in Q1. As we had shared in the previous calls, we had 
implemented a change in the payout structure for our partners, and 
this was done in Q3 of FY25. The impact because of this billing 
change that you see in this quarter is about Rs. 15 crores. And 
therefore, the normalised year-on-year growth will be 64% in the 
net billing. 
 
The revenue from operations stood at about Rs. 25 crores, and the 
deferred revenue is at Rs. 101 crores at the end of Q1. And again, 
the normalised rate of growth year-on-year basis is 29% and 61%, 
respectively. The cash flow from operations in Q1 is Rs. 21 crores. 
During this quarter, we also sold 12 thousand new licenses, taking 
the total count of licenses sold to about 4 lakh 9 thousand. 
 
Looking ahead, we continue to focus on enhancing the product, 
enhancing the user experience and increasing our growth rates. 
 
With this, I will hand over the call to Jitin to discuss the financial 
performance. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Good evening everyone. I'll take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ending June 2025. Reported 
consolidated collection from customers was Rs. 430 crores, 
representing 
a 
Y-on-Y 
growth 
of 
17%. 
Excluding 
the 
reclassification impact of Busy, which we talked about, the 
normalised growth stands at 13%. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Consolidated deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,735 crores, an 
increase of 18% on a Y-on-Y basis. On a normalised basis, Y-on-Y 
growth stood at 16%.  
 
IndiaMART standalone collection from customers for the quarter 
was Rs. 374 crores, registering Y-on-Y growth of 10%. Stand-
alone revenue from operations stood at Rs. 346 crores, registering 
a Y-on-Y growth of 10%. Our growth in revenue was primarily 
driven by improvement in realisation from paying suppliers. 
 
EBITDA of IndiaMART standalone business stood at Rs. 135 
crores, representing margin of 39%. Consolidated net profit for the 
quarter was Rs. 154 crores, and consolidated cash generated from 
operations was Rs. 161 crores. Consolidated cash and treasury 
balance stood at Rs. 2,762 crores as on June 30, 2025. 
 
Thank you very much. Now we are ready to take questions. Over 
to you, Avijit. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your questions on 
the chat menu, and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the 
participants. We will wait for a couple of seconds, while the 
question queue assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Sachin from BofA. Hi, Sachin, 
please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
I have two questions. First question, it would be great to get a bit 
more clarity in terms of online advertisement, how IndiaMART is 
looking at it, what is the budget? How much of that is actually 
spent? And what is the time frame you guys are looking? And 
more frankly, the output of that, should we see net adds, for 
example, accelerating as we come out of this spending on online 
advertisement? 
 
And second question is on Gen AI, what you guys mentioned. 
Clearly, we're seeing companies globally who are adopting Gen AI 
seeing some benefits, either in terms of the revenue growth or in 
terms of cost control. Anything you could talk from a medium term 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
or a near-term perspective for IndiaMART, how they could benefit 
by adopting Gen AI?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: As informed in the last quarterly conference call, we had started 
doing some experimentation with performance marketing and 
some experimentation on affiliate marketing on YouTube and 
Meta also. These are early days. I think in this entire quarter, we 
have spent close to Rs. 5 - 6 crores as against Rs. 1 odd crore that 
we spent in the JFM quarter. And the early results are encouraging. 
However, a lot of optimisation needs to be done in order to derive 
full benefit, as well as go at scale. 
 
So currently, we are keeping this budget around Rs. 6 to 10 crores 
per quarter so that we can do a better optimisation and utilise that. 
If you see the early impacts of that, we used to grow unique 
business enquiry at 10-11-12 odd percent in the previous quarters. 
That has shown some jump to about 16 - 17%. So that 5 - 6% 
additional growth in the unique business enquiries this particular 
quarter is showing up in the additional buyers that we could gather. 
 
Having said that, it is too early to make any larger impact on the 
overall net add or net retention. Once we do consistent advertising 
over the 3 quarters or so, then I can come back and tell you that, 
okay, if it is working or not working. 
 
On the second question on the AI side, in the last 6 -7 years, I think 
we have been using AI, the traditional machine learning AI to do a 
lot of automation and cost optimisation. If you remember, last 
year, I had informed in the JFM quarter that we have started to use 
WhatsApp chatbot for our buyer side lead confirmation as against 
the call centre earlier. And that had two different benefits: One, a 
lot of buyers were not expecting calls from IndiaMART for their 
lead confirmation. Secondly, at the time of call, the buyers were 
probably not ready to pick up the call. So that chatbot has been 
scaled. And I think that led to almost $1 million savings in the last 
year alone. 
 
Apart from that, we have been using it in the product 
categorisation and in the buy lead recommendation system, photo 
search, voice search, a lot of restricted content detection. I've been 
telling about Indic language and mis-spell searches. So you can try 
many of these traditional AI/ML things that we have been using. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Now with this agentic AI system, hopefully, we will get a lot more 
audit capability and a lot more classification capability that we 
were trying to build in-house now because these models are trained 
on world knowledge and they can be given context, which is a lot 
of data which is very, very proprietary to IndiaMART, for 
example, the buyer seller calls, the customer calls to us, these have 
a lot of proprietary information which is not usually available to 
even these AI models, to be able to train it on. We have a lot of 
data that is only and only available to IndiaMART. And we could 
use some of that data to probably do further automation. 
 
On the B2B side, I am yet to see revenue opportunities using AI. I 
think with a lot more young people coming in, whether it is at our 
Board-level or whether you are seeing some of the people joining 
at next generation level at IndiaMART, I'm sure they will 
definitely find revenue opportunities over the time. But as of now, 
I think cost opportunities and automation opportunities and as well 
as 
better 
effectiveness 
and 
better 
customer 
experience 
opportunities are definitely coming and they have been happening 
since 2018-19 itself.  
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Any way you could quantify the benefits at the cost side that would 
be in the medium term? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, so as I said, a lot of benefit that we have accrued, about Rs. 
4 - 5 crores every year kind of a benefit that has accrued to us in 
the last 4 - 5 years. So you can see our margins improving from 
25% odd in 2018 to almost like 35% now, despite the fact that 
there has been a run-up in the salaries very heavily in 2021 - 22 
time frame. 
 
Going forward also, I think it will accrue slowly and slowly, but I 
think we are not really worried at the cost side of it. For us, 
revenue growth and the experience is quite important. And we will 
continue to invest more and more in the experimentation. So if you 
are trying to get any hang on the bottom line, I think let's go with 
our traditional guidance, 30 - 35% margin guidance. Let us not 
build upon that. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it and a quick follow-up. Clearly, the focus is to spend on 
advertisement for a couple of quarters. The question out here is, 
what if we don't see the intended benefit? Is there an intention to 
continue to spend on the advertisement? Or are there any other 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
measures where the company intends to take, to further accelerate 
the net adds from these levels? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, a lot of guys have been suggesting for last many, many 
quarters that we should start spending on the advertising. And I 
have been saying that first, we will correct the product market fit 
that we find and I myself personally went to almost 50+ customers 
and noted down things. Most of our team members went to so 
many customers to find out small, small things. And we have 
corrected the quality of leads, the intent recognition of the buyers, 
the localisation of search. So many of the blind spots that we 
found, we have corrected them over the time. And that gave us 
some confidence that we can now spend on advertising. 
 
Since we haven't spent on advertising for the last 10-odd years, I 
don't think we have a DNA in the company, ready-made, which is 
optimised for large-scale, diversified industry and diversified 
location-based advertising, which we are trying to optimise on that. 
If it will not yield benefit, we will close that down. But I'm saying 
at Rs. 10 crores per quarter here and there, I think another 3 – 4 
quarters of experimentation is required. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anirudh from 
Solidarity Advisors. Hi Anirudh, please unmute yourself and go 
ahead with your question. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just to clarify, so I see that step-up in 
your sales and marketing from 14% to 16%. So is this primarily 
the ad-related spends that we just spoke about? Or are there any 
other investments that we are making? And in terms of the 
progress that we're seeing in terms of our silver customers, I think 
the last time you spoke, you felt that you were somewhere around 
60% kind of solved the problem, per se. Any progress from there 
since we last spoke? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Hi, Anirudh. On the first question, the increase from Rs. 47 crores 
to Rs. 55 crores is majorly the performance marketing which we 
have been doing, which Dinesh just talked about. So about Rs. 6 
crores of performance marketing, we spent against Rs. 1.5 crores, 
so increment in about Rs. 5 - 6 crores of performance marketing. 
So that is why you are seeing the increase in this line item. The 
gross adds, majorly the acquisition, it remains the same, what we 
have been doing in the last few quarters. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Okay. And in terms of just qualitatively, how much of the issues 
that say, silver customers was facing, say, 3 months back, have you 
made any progress there, maybe some qualitative input? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Let me clarify. It is not a single thing that silver customer was 
facing, the silver customer faces multiple problems such as he is 
not able to get a grasp of the platform or he doesn't have a person 
to follow up or the price they are asking for is too difficult or the 
enquiry that they are looking for is very local. So what we tried to 
correct are the general problems that were being highlighted by 
silver, gold and platinum, all of them together. 
 
And we found that many of them highlighted towards the 
incompleteness of the lead quality. Many of them had highlighted 
the weaker intent on the lead quality. And I think we have 
addressed some of those things. And many of them had highlighted 
why am I seeing non-local business enquiry, whether it is buyer or 
seller. So we have corrected those things. 
 
And I think it is too early because if we started to correct them 
about 9 months ago or 11 months ago, the benefits of that started to 
accrue about 4 - 5 months ago. And we continue to make minor 
adjustments here and there on that. Expecting a clearly step 
function jump on any renewal or retention would probably be too 
early to expect. Because if it was a sales and service problem, I 
think that can clearly give you a result in 2 - 3 quarters. But if it is 
a product and perception thing, then I think it may take a little 
longer than expected. And that is what we are trying to do. 
 
The good part is that the noise in the market, when you go to many 
many customers, if there were 5 different complaints, they have 
reduced generally. And they are now very customer-specific 
complaints that we are seeing. The 3 - 4 common complaints that 
people were generally asking for, I think we have reduced. One 
common complaint that has increased is that now the enquiries are 
so good. I am unable to find one. How can I get many more of 
that? So let's see how do we solve for that. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. No, that's heartening to see, sir. And just one final question 
is in terms of our pricing power with our gold, platinum customers, 
just if I look at the ARPU for the top 10% customer as a proxy, are 
we seeing a bit of pushbacks over there? Or the price hikes that 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
you've taken in the past, we think we can kind of maintain that 
going forward as well? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think we have always guided that if we were growing on the 
customer base also, then typically anywhere up to 10% of the 
growth comes from ARPU and anywhere up to 10% growth comes 
from the customers. Currently, since there is no customer growth, 
then ARPU is doing all the heavy lifting and also, it is getting the 
benefit of the denominator not growing. So, both these things are 
resulting in double-digits ARPU growth. Otherwise, it should have 
been anywhere between 5% to 9%. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prashant from Pictet 
Asset Manager. Hi, Prashant, please unmute yourself and go ahead 
with your question. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
A few questions here. One is, if you can tell us what has been the 
churn now? Or how does it kind of compare to the past? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So there is no change in the churn, churn remains elevated for 
silver monthly and silver annual customers, and churn remains 
well under control for gold and platinum customers. On the silver 
side, as I said, on the annual side 4%, on the monthly side 7%, and 
gold and platinum remains at about 1% plus/minus on the monthly 
side. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
But why the churn is not coming down, if you are making such 
good changes on the product side? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, I'm only saying, probably let's wait for 2 quarters and see, 
because there are two kinds of customers in our business. One is 
the monthly customers. Monthly customers have their own 
expectation because they have put in only Rs. 3,000. So while they 
have an intent to do Internet marketing, they have much lesser 
intent than those who are paying Rs. 30,000. 
 
The second part is they themselves have affordability issue. So in 
the monthly customer base, typically, most of the customers are 
less than Rs. 40 lakhs turnover. Third, since they have committed 
lesser money, they have also committed lesser resources to do the 
digital marketing, handling of the digital marketing versus 
somebody who is paying Rs. 30,000. And so only the newer, last 
three months customers who have paid Rs. 30,000 are probably 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
experiencing this new way of doing things. Their renewals will 
come up sometimes starting from February or March next year. 
 
So that's why maybe they are not experiencing that. While in the 
monthly system, we have yet not got much benefit, maybe another 
quarter, we should get some green shoots on the monthly side or at 
least on the gold and platinum side. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay, Understood. And in this enquiry growth that you're seeing 
now, like are there any important categories where you're seeing 
this increased traction? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, we divide our 100 thousand categories into 4 different 
segments based upon our internal brackets. One are the categories 
where the seller demand or the seller traction is higher. And if we 
divide them into top quartile, second quartile, third quartile and 
bottom quartile. Most of the advertising effort that we do or most 
of the improvement that we keep doing is for the second quartile or 
first quartile only. 
 
We try and let the bottom quartile build up on its own. Once they 
reach to the third quartile or so from bottom, then we start working 
on them. So, most of the work that we do is to reduce the bottom 
quartile and to increase the top quartile. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay, Interesting. And when I look at your ratio of total enquiries 
to the unique enquiries, that has come down to 3.3x, which is way 
lower than what we've ever seen. And our expectation was that 
when this ratio becomes like less than four, that is when you will 
probably look to step up on the addition of new paid sellers as 
well. Is that kind of going to start now? Or you think you still need 
time to go forward in that direction? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: One, our expectation is that when it goes down to 4 or 3, that’s 
when probably is a good time to say that, okay, competition side 
for a seller to compete against many other sellers is better. But 
however, these numbers are across all the four quartiles. I'm not 
going to give you the numbers of each of those quartiles. But for 
each of those quartiles, the numbers are still very, very different. 
 
For the bottom quartile, it could be 2, and for the top quartile, it 
could be 6. So we are still where most of the business is 
happening, we are still introducing six. And that is still good from 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
9 or 10 that we were doing earlier. And we believe that as soon as 
this start to show up in the churn or retention and that's when we 
will press the pedal on the sales and marketing. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay. Because the only concern would be whether the buyers are 
now maybe getting less satisfied if their enquiries are not reaching 
appropriate number of sellers. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: At present, repeat buyers are highest ever. So repeat percentage is 
the highest. Our internal NPS is also highest. If you see 58% repeat 
buyer, this is the highest since the COVID shortage time. When the 
COVID shortage was there, everybody was just coming every day 
and checking if there is a mask available or if there is a sanitiser 
available or if there is oxygen available. 
 
Ever since then, 58% is the highest repeat buyer. And it is also 
seen in the Play Store rating, if you see it's also gone to highest 
ever at 4.8. And you can read all the positive comments and as 
well as critical comments, these are publicly available on the 
Google Play Store. Most of our users are Android users, they are 
not iPhone users. So, you'll find a lot of comments, positive and 
negative, on Android, while you will find very little traction on the 
iPhone. Our internal metrics are also showing that buyers are also 
equally better satisfied. However, when will that start to result into 
very, very frequent repeat, that we don't know. So, we are doing 
multiple things like advertising, like correcting the buyer 
experience. 
 
See seller experience was the easiest low-hanging fruit, because we 
could go and talk to our paying customers, which were in 
thousands or 200 thousand, and quickly gather what are the top 2 -
3 KPIs that they are looking at. While the buyers are a lot more 
varied and a lot more experiential, somebody is a retail buyer, 
somebody is a SME buyer, somebody is a large buyer. And each 
one of them have a very different persona of what IndiaMART can 
help me with. Somebody thinks of it as, can IndiaMART become 
my sourcing agent? Somebody thinks of it that, why can't 
IndiaMART deliver me one single product in the same manner as 
Amazon and Flipkart does? 
 
So I think the buyer side problem is a lot more difficult. And in the 
past 30 years, we have been mostly solving for price and variety 
per buyers. On the experience side, I think there is a lot more work 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
that can be done on the buyer side, which we are continuously 
working to see what will click for a very large platform like this, 
which is very similar to what Google does or what Meta does. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Interesting and just one last question, when we look at the 
associates, the losses from associates has been continuously going 
up over the years. And even in this quarter also it's higher. Would 
this cash burn kind of continue? How should we think about that 
and where it is mostly kind of going? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So, Prashant, losses have not increased this time. So, there was one 
investment which we had made in Fleetx, by virtue of which now 
it has become the associate, and therefore little loss from Fleetx 
also have started getting added into these metrics. And therefore, 
you're looking at a Rs. 2 crores, has been added. Otherwise, the 
losses have remained more or less same, what it was in the last 
quarter. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, it was 17% of the Fleetx, now it has become 22%. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Correct. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So Fleetx got classified from a strategic an investment to now 
associate. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
So, actually Prashant, the Fleetx loss till last quarter was not there 
in the share of loss from associates because it was being recorded 
as an FVTPL investment. So, since it has become associate with 
20% plus, now we are recording their share of losses also, which is 
resulting in this increase. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay. I understood on the last quarter, but in general, the longer-
term trend has been of increasing associate losses. How do you 
think about that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, longer term is like, so Vyapar was one, then Fleetx is 
another one, then Bizom is another one. So every time we end up 
investing in a company, which is going to become profitable over 
the next 3 to 5 years’ time frame, their loss also keeps coming 
back. Also, in Vyapar, we have increased our shareholding from 
26% to now 29% odd. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Similarly, in Bizom, we increased our shareholding over the last 2 
- 3 years from 22% odd to now, 31% odd. So that is why you are 
seeing a little bit of increase in the losses from associates. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
And also, Prashant, when we invested in these companies, they 
were at slightly early stage. Now as they are also achieving scale, 
overall on each company basis you would see still companies 
moving towards the line of profitability. But yeah, the aggregate 
number, will be a function of how many investments and how 
many new investments that we would have done for every quarter. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So now we have a question from the chat box. The question is 
from Mr. Aditya Padhi. Your unique business enquiries divided by 
paying supplier metric has been showing improvement. Is this a 
relevant metric to look at? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, that's a very relevant metric. That's a very relevant metric 
because that is the number of unique buyers available between all 
of these paying suppliers. And that is why we started measuring 
from a business enquiries delivered per seller, because the seller 
himself sees only the business enquiries delivered to him, while we 
can see how many unique buyers that we are distributing. So, this 
number is slowly and slowly improving, which is a good thing. 
Highest of that number was in FY21-22, when there were COVID 
shortages. 
 
And then as the markets opened up, a lot of that went back to 
doing business offline way. However, with the product and service 
improvement, I think slowly and slowly, we have seen some uptick 
in that. Also, with the advertising, now I think 29 million is the 
highest ever that we have touched. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil from Nuvama. Hi, Nikhil, 
please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question on the churn part, what 
you highlighted, 7% churn, especially for a monthly subscriber. So 
while I understand your thesis, especially on annual subscriber 
given those are the ones who are experiencing these changes for 
the first time and maybe using the platform much more frequently, 
but why this logic do not apply to monthly subscriber? I mean, we 
have been investing for some time now. I mean, you highlighted 
Rs. 1 crore in JFM and then Rs. 6 crore in AMJ. So shouldn't the 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
improving unique business enquiries or unique ratio or improving 
some internal KPI, should ideally reflect in lower churn, especially 
for monthly? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, it should, but it is taking time, maybe another quarter or so. 
Otherwise, probably we need to find more such levers. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. But basically, just to confirm, we haven't seen 
improvement, let's say, from Jan to June. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Over 40 - 50 thousand customers that we have in the monthly and 
you are right, at least 10 thousand of them or 20 thousand of them 
came in the last six months. They should be seeing some positive, 
so there should be some early churn advantages, but we are not yet 
seeing any of that. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Next one on the collection side, the consolidated collection 
grew to 17%. You also highlighted that adjusted for Busy billing, it 
is 13%. So just want to understand from collection to revenue 
growth perspective, is 17% collection growth makes more sense 
while projecting revenue growth or 13%, going forward? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So Nikhil, 17% is a reported number. And as Brijesh explained 
that there was a change in payout structure and therefore, the 
normalised number looks like 13%. But for the projection of 
revenue, it would be 17% reported only because that will convert 
to the revenue from deferred revenue perspective. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Then the next question for Brijesh, how the suppliers or 
users of Busy are reacting to this change in policy? Have you seen 
any change there? And also, you have previously talked about that 
for the margin in Busy, the intent is to keep it low. But clearly, we 
have seen a significant improvement during the last three quarters. 
So is it going to be the new run rate going forward? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So, when we did the change in the billing, we started making this 
change from Q3 of last year. So, the implementation has been done 
over two quarters. And therefore, the acceptance levels of our 
partners to whom we've been doing this billing and to our 
customers, that has been absolutely in line. We haven't seen 
anything negative essentially coming in from any side. And 
therefore, we know that when this entire financial year gets 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
completed, we would see normalisation of the reporting numbers 
also. 
 
On the increase in the margin side of it, if you look at, when we are 
saying margins will be under pressure, it is because when we start 
to accelerate the overall number of customer acquisition at a much 
faster pace than the growth that we get in the renewals and 
upgrades from the customers. And currently, what we are doing is, 
there is an exercise on customer win back, which is being done. 
Because of which, we continue to see strong revenues coming in 
even because of renewals and upgrades. 
 
In the long run, however, we do foresee that customer acquisition 
will start to see higher investments. And that is the time, when the 
margins may not continue to be as high. And our priority will 
remain on increasing the overall customer base, adding more new 
customers, so that we continue to see higher growth. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: As well as APRU. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. The next one on the marketing spend, especially digital 
marketing spend. Are we taking some internal targets for this 
investment? I know you guys have just started and are doing it for 
the first time. But what kind of return you are expecting or target 
you have? Is it more on unique business enquiry? Is it more linked 
to churn? Some colour there, in terms of linking those investments 
with some targets internally. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Leading indicators are, first one is the traffic. Second one is the 
unique business enquiry. And the third one is the business 
enquiries delivered, how many times the RFQ gets consumed. So, 
these are the leading indicators, because they are immediately 
there. Because you are advertising, somebody is clicking and 
coming back to your platform. If he's coming to your platform, 
every click is the traffic, every conversion is a unique business 
enquiry, and every transaction after that in the RFQ level is the 
business enquiry delivered. So those are the leading indicators. 
 
At the end of the day, the lagging indicators are churn and ARPU. 
And maybe reduced COCA. So, the leading indicators we are 
trying to get, we believe that in the last three months, and it is a lot 
more complicated than to pure simple e-commerce advertising. We 
have to advertise every product in every geography, separately, 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
because we are not the sellers, and we don't switch these sellers 
from behind the scene. We are directly connecting buyers and 
sellers with each other. So, it's a lot more programmatic effort 
across hundreds of cities and across thousands and thousands of 
categories and across millions of products. 
 
We believe that the top line of that to be optimised, is going to 
itself take a couple of months. And that is why the internal budget 
has been taken at, I mean, Rs. 2 - 3 crores every month and 
probably Rs. 9 - 10 crores every quarter. The good part is that the 
early indicators are correct. Whether they will result into the 
lagging indicator of churn and revenue and lower CAC, that is to 
be seen. And I mean, for that, you need to go past, for a size of this 
kind of a business, at least Rs. 100 - 200 crores to be spent, to see 
any greater impact in the market on the brand visibility or on the 
retention or on the ARPU. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Thanks. Just last one on margin. How should we think about 
margin going ahead? Is the investment is going to pick up? And 
what would be normalised margin? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: As I said for this particular year, I mean you can safely assume, 
until unless we come back and announce, you can safely assume 
Rs. 5 - 10 crore per quarter kind of investment. It is not going to go 
heavily above the Rs. 10 crore mark per quarter. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So, you were asking on the margin, I was just saying that Rs. 10 
crores in the quarter translate to about 3%. So our margin at this 
point of time, EBITDA is hovering around 38 - 39%. As we have 
said that when we believe that the retention problem now has been 
solved, all the product things have now started converting into the 
renewals of seller, we will also push the pedal on the gross adds, so 
you should assume 32 - 33% of the margin as the sustainable 
margin. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from 
DAM Capital. Anmol, please unmute yourself and go ahead with 
your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
So couple of things from my end. Firstly, any plans for going into 
transaction-based structure? So, do you believe that the classified 
plus model that we are operating, the size of that is kind of limited 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
to 200 - 250 thousand paid suppliers? And to maybe grow further, 
we have to kind of switch to a transaction-based model where we 
provide logistics and complete end-to-end transactions, at least in a 
few of the cases? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: See, it's not that we are completely averse to that. We have tried 
doing that between 2014 and 2017, so for 4 years and to launch at 
2014, I think we started working in late 2012-13. So 4 -5 years, we 
did in the name of Tolexo transactional platform for B2B industrial 
products and B2B product. It didn't succeed at that point of time, 
probably our DNA, probably the market readiness and probably 
the ability to pay. 
 
Then also we did not stay behind once Monotaro, who is the 
industry leader in Japan and which was the joint venture of 
Grainger and Sumitomo Corporation in Japan, and Grainger is the 
big daddy of B2B transactional business. So, when they acquired a 
similar business called Industrybuying, then we again invested 
another Rs. 100 + crores in that business. And we continue to work 
with them to see if that succeeds. Hopefully, that answers your 
question. So, we are not averse, but are we going to change the 
IndiaMART into a transactional model suddenly? I don't think so. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Just one more thing that I wanted to understand is, 
see, our unique business enquiries have increased because of the ad 
expenses that we have done in this quarter. However, what 
confidence do we have that this will result in an increase in the 
paid suppliers? I mean, particularly when the main issue remains 
the churn and the ad expenses, my guess is that will only help in 
the gross additions, which anyways remains healthy for us. So do 
you believe in effectiveness of this? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We are only doing buyer-side advertising, and buyer-side 
advertising help us only and only reduce churn and increase 
ARPU. It doesn't help increase gross addition. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. So according to you, how many quarters would it take as a 
best guesstimate that this will start resulting in positive results on 
the churn side? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, I have taken an internal target that at least 9 months of 
work is required, 3 months has only happened. At least 6 to 9 
months more work should be done. Then only this should be 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
measured at the churn level. On the leading indicator side, I think it 
is already giving us unique buyer enquiries. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We have a question from the chat box. The question is from Mr. 
Rehan Saiyyed. With Rs. 2,762 crores cash on books and 19% Y-
o-Y growth in reserves, do we have any immediate or medium-
term capital deployment plans, whether for platform upgrades, 
acquisitions or return to shareholders? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So from shareholder return perspective, we have just returned in 
the last quarter itself, Rs. 300 crores of dividend, that’s what we 
have done. So, on the overall capital allocation perspective, how 
we think as a management is that we keep the safety cash, which is 
the advance which we have received from the customers. And then 
we see that if we need to invest in any business, and of course, we 
go to the Board and take the approval for that, and it should be in 
sync with what we are doing, whether it should be in the internet 
business, it should be something related to B2B and it should be 
related to the MSME. 
 
So as and when we get the right opportunity, we go to the Board 
for the approval, we do that. As like whenever it comes, the right 
time comes, we'll report that as well. And distribution to 
shareholder I have already talked about, that we have given the 
dividends. Hope that answers your question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee 
from ICICI Securities. Hi Abhisek, please unmute yourself and go 
ahead with your question. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
So my question would be with regards to, what is the proportion of 
business enquiries delivered to the different classes of sellers on 
your platform, that is, your top-10% paying customers, the 
remaining paying customers and the suppliers who do not pay? If 
you could give a proportion of that, that would be really helpful.  
 
And also wanted to understand, what is happening with regards to 
adding new categories that you have spoken of in the past? Are 
you being really able to create more categories which can 
potentially bring in more paying suppliers in the medium term? If 
you could speak on these parts. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So on the enquiry side, between 80 - 85% of the enquiries go to the 
paying set of customers. And anywhere between 13 - 14% to 17 - 
18% enquiries are typically delivered or goes to free suppliers. 
Now within that gold and platinum, I don't have the number in this 
manner in terms of the percentage though on an average, 
approximately 70-odd enquiries go to silver, we can come back 
with the percentage of enquiries that are delivered to silver, gold 
and platinum. 
 
Coming on to the second part, expanding on the category side. So, 
our top-10% customers used to contribute about 40% of the 
revenue about 5 years ago and then our revenues itself was much 
lower. Today, our top-10% of the customer contribute about 50% 
of the revenue. And if you remember, from 5 years ago, we used to 
say that our platinum customer base and top-10% are same, we no 
longer say that. So, platinum customer count has exceeded far 
more than top-10%. 
 
So, the number of categories has also expanded. If I remember, 
most of our new business used to happen into top 20 - 25% of the 
categories earlier. Today, almost in 40 - 50% of the categories, we 
have a good amount of business happening. So, if you see the 
number of total paying suppliers, if you compare this one with a 5-
year-old screenshot or a 6-year-old screenshot, the first time we 
put it in 2020 or so, then you can very well see that this 2 - 3% 
numbers at that particular time and that 2 - 3% number at this 
particular time, so a lot more categories have become a high-
moving category. And that's a very core KPI that we measure 
internally and our category team measures internally and works to 
bring a similar bottom-of-pyramid kind of a category moving them 
upwards towards that. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. So, have you ever tried to evaluate the feasibility of 
charging something like platform fees across the board, as in I 
mean with UPI, it is even possible to charge something to the guys 
who are not paying anything. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: There are not many examples of classified websites charging on a 
consumer side or on a buyer side fee. However, there are recent 
experimentation by Twitter or by Instagram to buy a blue tick by 
consumer. So, we keep contemplating every now and then, what 
could be equivalent to Amazon Prime in a classified business, but 
not yet. I think that's a long moon shot. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
July 18, 2025  
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand over the conference to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for his closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q1 FY26 
conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the time 
available. And we have also given a detailed information in our 
presentation. Detailed financials are also uploaded on our website 
as well as the stock exchange website. If you still have any 
questions, please feel free to connect with our Investor Relations 
team. Their e-mail ID is available on the website. And thank you 
very much. Have a nice weekend. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IndiaMART, we thank you for joining us today. We 
now conclude this webinar. You may disconnect the lines. 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
