 
                                                                                              
  
Ref. No.: GIC-HO/BOARD/SE-Q1-T/161/2025-26 
 
 
      Date: 12th August 2025 
 
To,                                                                 To, 
The Manager                                                  The Manager 
Listing Department                                        Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                              The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers            Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, 
Dalal Street                                                   G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400001                                         Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: (BSE – 540755/ NSE – GICRE) 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
unaudited financial results for the quarter ended 30th June 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith 
Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on Friday, 8th August 2025, 
to discuss unaudited Standalone and Consolidated financial results for the quarter ended 30th 
June 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You.  
 
For General Insurance Corporation of India 
 
(Satheesh Kumar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: A/A 
 
Satheesh Kumar 
Nair
Digitally signed by Satheesh 
Kumar Nair 
Date: 2025.08.12 11:54:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
Q1 FY ’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMASWAMY NARAYANAN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – GENERAL INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NIKITA – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to General Insurance Corporation of India Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nikita from EY. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Nikita. 
Nikita: 
Thank you, Hamshad. Good morning to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Call for General Insurance Corporation of India. Please note that we have 
mailed out the press release and presentation to everyone and you can now see the results on our 
website, and it has been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well. In case you have not received 
the same, you can write to us, and we'll be happy to send it over to you. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, performance 
or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
 
To take us through the results for the quarter and answer our questions, we have with us the 
management of GIC represented by Mr. Ramaswamy, Chairman and Managing Director and 
other top members of the management. We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the 
quarter gone by, which will then be followed by the Q&A session. 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Mr. Ramaswamy, over to you, sir. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Good morning. I'm Ramaswamy, and thank you all very much for joining today's call. I'll quickly 
provide an overview of our performance for this quarter, and then we will start the Q&A. 
 
The past year has been characterized by persistent global uncertainty driven by inflationary 
pressures, geopolitical complexities and escalating climate-related risks. These factors have 
contributed to heightened volatility across financial and insurance markets. 
 
Nevertheless, the Indian economy exhibited notable resilience underpinned by robust domestic 
demand and sustained policy impetus. In spite of these challenges, GICRE has delivered a robust 
performance. Our unwavering focus on underwriting discipline, portfolio optimization and 
strategic alignment, enabled us to adeptly navigate market headwinds while preserving 
operational integrity. 
 
The performance of this quarter reaffirms the resilience of our business model and our steadfast 
adherence to core reinsurance tenants, rigorous risk management, prudent diversification and 
disciplined underwriting. While catastrophic events continue to post formidable challenges to 
the industry, we remain thoroughly prepared, supported by comprehensive risk frameworks and 
actuarial rigor, we have deepened our understanding of market cycles and refined our risk 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
appetite accordingly. Looking forward, we remain confident in our strategic direction. The 
clarity and discipline we have demonstrated position us well to confront emerging challenges 
and capitalize on future opportunities with resilience and conviction. 
 
We'll now proceed with a detailed review of our financial performance for the quarter. The gross 
premium income of the company was INR12,388.01 crores for the first quarter ended 30/6/25 
as compared to INR12,405.68 crores for the previous quarter ended 30/6/2024. 
It needs to be noted that these 2 quarters are really not very comparable since IRDAI has changed 
the accounting of long- term policies in October 2024 to 1/n, which means that long-term 
policies, the premium would be apportioned over the number of years, for which the policy is 
taken. So because of which the premium for the current quarter is lower. And overall, we do see 
growth in this quarter. 
 
Incurred claims for the quarter is 90.42% for the quarter ended 30/6/2025. It is more or less the 
same as the previous quarter for the previous year, which is 89.77%. This is in spite of 2 large 
extraordinary losses, which have hit our books for the current quarter. 
Jindal Poly Films, which is a fire loss, where the 100% loss figures are INR2,300 crores and 
GIC share is about INR925 crores, which is fully provided in our books. And of course, the 
unfortunate Air India aviation loss, which happened in Ahmedabad. 
Both these losses are very adequately provided in our books. In spite of this, the underwriting 
loss reduced by 30% to INR907.76 crores for the quarter ended 30/6/25 as compared to 
INR1,288.53 crores for the same quarter last year. Gross investment income has also increased 
by 18.37% to INR3,228.51 crores as compared to INR2,727.43 crores for the corresponding 
quarter last year. 
 
Profit before tax has increased by 61.04% to INR2,243.54 crores as compared to INR1,393.16 
crores, for the quarter ended 30/6/24. And the profit after tax has increased by 70% to 
INR1,752.22 crores as compared to INR1,036.36 crores. 
 
I would also like to inform that we have started the practice of providing for catastrophic reserve 
on a quarterly basis and not annually as done in the previous years. If this were not done, the 
PBT and PAT figures would have been higher by INR143.47 crores. 
 
The solvency ratio is very robust at 3.85% for the current quarter as compared to 3.36% as on 
30/6/24. The total assets have increased by 5.89% to INR197,539.62 crores compared to 
INR186,552.46 crores for the previous quarter. Net worth of the company has increased by 
17.19% to INR45,275.48 crores as on 30/6/25 as against INR38,635.23 crores for the previous 
quarter. Net worth of the company, including the fair value change account, has increased by 
4.17% to INR89,512.55 crores as against INR85,926.02 crores. 
 
The combined ratio has reduced by 2.66% to 106.94% for the quarter ended 30/6/25 as against 
109.6% for the quarter ended 30/6/24 and as against 108.8% for the entire year 2024-'25. 
 
I would now like to throw open this for questions that you may have. Thank you. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. 
Aditi Joshi: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the top line growth. The growth in the international 
looks to be quite impressive. So is it because of the changes in the credit rating that we have 
been seeing? Or is it mainly on the account of rates hardening. So if you could just provide some 
color on that as in how much growth is from the new contract, how much is from the rate 
hardening? 
 
And on the domestic, it was slightly lower in the international, but going forward, given in the 
portfolio such as fire insurance, the pricing is getting better at least for the primary insurers. So 
what is your outlook of growth in the domestic business, including the fire insurance and Motor 
insurance? So this would be my first question. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Yes. Thanks, Aditi. Yes, you're spot on. The top line growth on the international has grown 
because of our credit rating improvement, which happened in October last year, which gave us 
a chance to look at really good businesses on the 1st Jan renewals, and we managed to write a 
substantial amount of increase there. So to quickly address your question, it's not because of rate 
hardening. It is because of new business that we have written on the 1st Jan renewals, which is 
now coming into our books for this year. 
 
In fact, I would say that for 1st Jan, the market was pretty soft, and we did see rate softening. 
But then, like I said, because of our credit rating upgrade, we got to see some really good pieces 
of business both new as well as those that we had written earlier, which we had lost due to our 
credit rating downgrade, but we managed to get that back. So these are all basically new 
businesses in our books that you are seeing the increase. 
 
Secondly, on the domestic side, yes, again, you're spot on in saying that the property premium 
today looks a little subdued simply because quarter-on-quarter when you compare, you're 
comparing 2 different quarters. In the last quarter, the premium of long-term policies were fully 
accounted for. Today, we have apportioned them across the different years for which the policy 
is taken. So to that extent, the property premium would be subdued. 
 
Again, on the domestic front, we have been trying very hard to ensure that the primary insurance 
rates stay and it is more or less held on until now. So we are very confident that, that will continue 
to happen during the year. 
We are in touch with the market about performance and especially the rates on the primary side 
is in a position where it is viable for the market to continue writing at those rates. And it gives a 
certain amount of positiveness to the entire portfolio. So yes, going forward, fire premium would 
go up, and I think it would be definitely higher than what it was for the entire year last year. 
 
On the domestic side, we have de-grown a bit on the health. Like you would have seen last year, 
our growth on health was substantial. And it was on the retail health side. This year when we 
did the analysis of how it is progressing and how it is performing, some of the treaties we felt 
was not doing the way we wanted it to. There is obviously medical inflation that is coming up 
and some of the losses have really crept up during the year. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
So we have not renewed a couple of treaties that we wrote last year. So to that extent, health will 
be slightly down. But overall, we are also writing in new clauses of business like surety and 
cyber and trade credit, et cetera. So that gives us a diversification in our book as well as provides 
a growth. 
 
So going forward, we would look at this year, maybe for the entire year, we expect the growth 
to be between 9% and 10% compared to last year. 
Aditi Joshi: 
This 9% and 10% is in domestic or overall... 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Overall. Overall overall. So typically, international would grow about 17% to 20% year-on-year 
for this year and domestic would be about 6.5% or 7%. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay, understood. If I can also squeeze in 1 more on your expense ratio, was slightly better -- I 
mean, it was a lot better in this quarter as compared to the same quarter last year. So what would 
be the reason behind that? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So 2 things. One on the salaries on the employee compensation, what happens is we do provide 
for the pensions and gratuity for employees based on actuarial calculations. There has been a dip 
in that for the current quarter compared to last year's quarter. Plus, I think on the IT side, the 
spending that we have done last quarter compared to this quarter, it was more last quarter. So to 
that extent, we've got a deficit. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay. So what I'm trying to understand is that the expense ratio outlook for the rest of the year 
and for the coming quarters. So I guess IT spending can be up and down maybe quarter-on-
quarter. But it looks like the salary -- employee salary compensation can continue possibly. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Yes, it will more or less carry at this rate because whatever changes that is looked at, we've kind 
of already provided for it, right? So honestly, but Aditi, the point is if you look at our expense 
ratio, it's less than 1%. Honestly, it's not something that is going to move the needle. It's not 
going to go up from 1% to 5%. It will only change between maybe 0.9% to 1.1%. So honestly, 
it's not something that is going to move the needle as far as the combined ratios go. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham an individual investor. 
Shubham: 
Congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers. I had a couple of questions. So one was on the 
expense ratio. You also see the commission going down from 19%, 20% to 16%. So what has 
led to this lower commission? And would this like normalize back to 19%, 20% for the entire 
year? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Well, yes. So this is more a one-off, I would say, for this quarter. Basically, the initial 
commissions that we charge. And then depending on the profitability of the portfolio, the 
commissions would go up or down. That's how typically it works. So I would say this is a one-
off. Going forward, we will see that it kind of settles down around 18%, 19% for the year. 
Shubham: 
Okay. Because almost, I think, INR300 crores is like the savings from commission for this 
quarter? 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Yes, yes. So that's what I said. I mean typically, what would happen is as the quarters advance 
as we come closer to the end of the year, depending on the profitability of the treaties, the 
commissions would change. So it will all depend on how these treaties perform over the next 3 
quarters. And then typically, the commissions, we would see how it settles. 
Shubham: 
Got it. And second question was, in general, like what's the strategy for booking the investment 
income? Because ultimately, that is the one which is driving our bottom line. So do we have any 
specific strategy that every quarter or every year basis how much we have to keep booking to 
bring a certain level of PAT? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
No, Shubham. It's not like that. Now let us understand our investment book over the 100%, about 
74%, 75% is debt, right? And so there is no question of redeciding when to book and how to 
book. This typically means that for the 75% of our book, the interest would come in at the normal 
time it gets booked each quarter, right? 
It also means that, to a great extent, our book is held to maturity. So we have kind of ensure that 
the higher rates at which we purchased these -- some of these debts, continues. So we end up 
getting a good amount of interest on that. 
 
What you're talking about in terms of is about profit on investment of -- I'm sorry, profit on sale 
of investment equity. So let me be very honest. We don't really try to sell investment just to prop 
up our bottom line. That is not what we do. When we do sell, it is just because we feel that a 
particular sector is kind of run up well and reach the end of where it should be. And then we 
decide to sell if a stock or a sector has become suddenly overheated, we would then kind of sell 
it and maybe wait and purchase it at a later time. 
 
So these are strategies for which the investment department, there are analysts, there are officers 
who look at these things in detail and present their recommendation as to what we do. Honestly, 
we don't really sell equity just to show profit on our books. That's not something that we do. 
Again, we also need to understand that maybe 2 years down the line, IFRS is going to come in. 
So we need to be ready for that. So for that, whatever strategy we need to do, we will do. 
 
But at this stage, I think the investment book is in a very comfortable space. Like I said, a major 
part of that is debt where the interest keeps coming irrespective of how the stock market 
functions. So again, I have said this earlier also that whatever risk appetite we have, whatever 
risk we want to take, we take it in our business. We don't take it in our investment. Our 
investment is normally very, very safe. We don't play around with that. And I think it's in a good 
space now. 
Shubham: 
Got it. And finally, on our network, so the way we accounted in our books is at the book value 
that is excluding your fair value changes. Is this in line with what, let's say, the other private 
insurers could be general or life insurers follow? Or this is something which we are following 
separately? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So this is how typically every insurer would be asked to follow by IRDAI. So IRDAI says that 
everything should be accounted for in book value. We also show it in fair value because when 
our international rating agencies look at us, they look at us from a market value perspective, 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
which is why we provide you with both flavors. Of course, going forward, as I said, again, once 
IndAS comes in, everything would be on market value. So at that time, obviously, we will see 
everything on market value. But currently, everything is on book value. 
Shubham: 
Got it. And the ROE, which we are showing now it's in the range of 18%, 20% because your net 
worth is on the lower side because of the exclusion of fair value changes. Once the IFRS and all 
comes in, would your ROE continue to be in that level or it would automatically drop because 
of higher net worth? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
We will still need to find that, Shubham. We are still working on it. So IFRS is something that 
our team is working on. Hopefully, we will not even wait for the dates that IRDAI has given for 
implementation. We'll actually start doing that much earlier. And we will be in a position to 
hopefully give you both the figures, the IGAAP as well as the IndAS figures, maybe from the 
third quarter of this year. 
 
So you as an investor or as an analyst may actually get to see how the books would look once 
IFRS comes into play. We are still working on it. So I may not be able to give you a 100% 
answer now as to whether the ROE will change because, honestly, it's not dependent only on the 
investment fair value. It depends also on how the overall underwriting looks. So there will be 
multiple factors there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritika Dua. 
Ritika Dua: 
While, sir, I heard you on the IFRS, that we are going to share from third quarter, not sharing 
any numbers, but sir, generally, could you maybe highlight some of the changes that we are 
going to see when we move to IFRS. So with some of the other general insurance, obviously, 
we have some understanding as to at least the broad changes that are expected as to once we 
move to rather IFRS. Could you just give us a broad understanding then without any numbers? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So essentially, it will affect us both in terms of the business performance, which is our core 
activity, which is reinsurance as well as on the investment side. On the core business side, we 
do believe that it will be beneficial for us. IFRS will be beneficial the way the business will be 
shown. 
We've seen how other companies have done it in markets where we are present. And once IFRS 
comes in, the results actually look better on the underwriting side. So we believe the same should 
happen for us. Like I said, we are still in the process of working that out, understanding our book 
and putting in the data. 
 
On the investment side, what would happen is, like I said, it will be taken on market value basis. 
So it would mean that any dip in the market would actually get reflected negatively for us in 
case we are showing depreciation in our values. Today, that doesn't happen because to an extent, 
what happens is only the book value is seen, any change in the fair value doesn't really come 
and hit our books currently. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
So to that extent, we'll need to manage our investment in a different way. I guess we'll have to 
start working like a mutual fund managing the NAVs on a day-to-day basis, ensuring that the 
churn happens in a way that we are able to kind of roll over the negativity of the market. 
So that is again something that we are working on. There are strategies in place to manage that. 
But the way I see it is, in case IndAS comes in, it should definitely be beneficial to us in the long 
run. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthikeyan K, an Individual Investor. 
Karthikeyan K: 
So I have a few questions regarding our foreign portfolio. We have sort of stopped writing 
Foreign portfolio with respect to Motor and Marine, but still we are incurring losses there, right? 
So how is it going to look going forward from this financial year? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So yes. I mean I wouldn't say we have stopped completely Motor and Marine, but then we are 
careful about the kind of business that we write. So we do continue to write Motor and Marine. 
Marine is a worldwide book anyway. 
And Motor also, there are specific markets from where we write business. Having said that, there 
was a particular contract in the U.S., which was for Marine and Motor, which we had stopped 
in '21. The runoff of that continues to come in.  
Karthik, sorry about that. So what I was saying is Marine and Motor, we do continue to write 
since these are books that we get to see from different markets. But a particular contract from 
the U.S., which we have stopped in 2021, the runoff continues to come in terms of -- so earlier, 
both the premium and claims used to come, now the premium is stopped. 
Now it's only the claims. But then these are adequately provided in our books. What you get to 
see is the payments that we are doing for these classes. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. So that's still continuing, right? The runoff and declines are coming still. So how long do 
you think that's going to happen? How long? I mean any time line? Or it is not possible to provide 
any time line? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
I guess, Marine is kind of done now. And if you see it reflects in the loss ratios as well. Motor 
is where we would expect -- I mean, typically, Motor third party is a long-tailed class. We would 
possibly expect this to go on for another 2 to 3 years. It's actually come down. The actual 
amounts if you see, have really come down. But over the next 2 to 3 years, we'll still see some 
claims coming in from Motor, yes. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Sir, another question is, like you said that there is some major impact with the aviation. But there 
is a line item, which says other miscellaneous where the underwriting loss is almost INR400 
crores. Is that also related to aviation or something else? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
There will be. To an extent, Karthikeyan, it would be. Let me also clarify. So when we talk about 
the aviation loss, per se, so there are multiple classes that are involved in this loss. I'm talking of 
the Air India -- unfortunate Air India crash that happened in Ahmedabad, now there are multiple 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
classes, which get involved because this was an international flight, so people would have taken 
travel policies, that will trigger. There'll be losses paid there. 
 
PA policies that people would have taken that would trigger. Life insurance policies that are 
taken that would trigger, there will be some losses coming out of Marine. And then over and 
above all this would be the fleet policy, which Air India has taken through which the hull loss 
will be paid, which is almost $125 million, 100%. 
And there will be liability losses for the passengers who lost their lives. Plus, since unfortunately, 
the plane crashed in a building where there were doctors, obviously, the third-party liability will 
also be high. So there are multiple areas from where losses would come for this particular loss 
that we are talking about. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Collectively put, what will be the quantum of the loss? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Again, the market is coming to terms. There are different views about it. There are people who 
are saying it could be $200 million to $250 million. We believe it could be closer to $400 million 
to $450 million because, again, like I said, there are multiple classes getting involved.  
Again, the liability could be higher than what people are thinking because even though the 
Montreal Convention specifies what should be paid, we could have a situation where people 
might get higher payouts than that. 
Again, the third-party loss should work out to be higher because these are all professionals who 
have lost their lives. So obviously, to that extent, the award could be higher. So the market is 
still coming to terms with it. Maybe going forward, we will reach a landing on the actual figures. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay, sir. With regards to obligatory business, what will be the combined ratio there, sir, for us? 
I mean, over the years, I mean what it has been? I mean, like how it has progressed from currently 
what is the combined ratio in the obligatory business? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So it will be more or less reflecting the combined of our domestic business, okay? So if you look 
at our domestic business, it currently is at around 104%. For the last couple of years, it's kind of 
hovering around that figure. And obligatory would also be around that because even though the 
market today -- the insurance market today is at a combined of maybe 118% or something, I 
think as a company, we have managed to do better than the market, which reflects in our overall 
domestic book and the same would be true for obligatory as well. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. Sir, if Life business is an obligatory or, I mean, major part is obligatory or nonbligatory? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Life, there is no obligatory. It's only for non-life. Life is purely the business that we write 
voluntarily. There is no obligatory there, yes. 
Karthikeyan K: 
But why is that we are seeing now losses continuously for several quarters, the underwriting 
part. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So it's more about the company ramping up its reserves. So what happens is Life is a long-tailed 
policy, long-tailed class. Normally, policy is taken out in the range of 25, 30 years. So for some 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
of the treaties that we have written in the past years, maybe 10, 12 years back, if we see that the 
performance is not as we wanted it to be, then we would provide reserves to ensure that there is 
no shock coming in the later years. And that is what we have done. 
 
Typically, after COVID, we did expect some kind of stability to happen in the portfolio, which 
did not seem to be there. The losses seem to be coming more than what we expected. And that 
is where we have kind of ensured that our provisioning is in line with the losses that we see. 
So this is something that we'll continue to do for long-tail class like Life, where we'll continue 
to monitor the claims that are coming in vis-a-vis the provisioning we have made for the same. 
And depending on how they move, the provisioning will change. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. Sir, we have not seen much of a competition, right? Whatever competition has come from 
like FRBs and the other -- which we don't have any legal presence in India. So going forward, 
there are no new companies getting created the reinsurance part. So how are we planning to 
tackle that with the competition? What kind of strategy you're going to follow there and we have 
legal entities coming in? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Karthikeyan, I will not agree with you there that we have not seen competition in this market. I 
think we have seen all the competition that we wanted to see. FRBs, even before they set up 
here, they did have a presence in this market. And after coming in, they have competed with us. 
We have been seeing price softness happening due to higher capacity being available. There are 
enough number of -- almost 300 numbers of cross-border reinsurers who are working in this 
market. So I don't see a situation where we have worked in an environment where there has been 
no competition. I think competition has been there. 
 
And honestly, as a company, we have welcomed that simply because getting more reinsurance 
capacity in this market means that the insurance market will develop. There is a lot of scope for 
insurance growth to happen. The penetration levels are at 1% or maybe less than that for non-
life. Obviously, it needs to go up. The government is pushing for that, regulator is pushing for 
that, insurance for all by 2047. 
 
I think seeing how companies are in this market, the insurance companies, the fact that majority 
of them are privately owned means that as and when they grow, they will look to reinsurance 
for supporting their growth. So we welcome more and more people to get into the reinsurance 
market, then it will also help us to write the kind of business that we want to drive because the 
kind of relationship we have with all these insurance companies or relationships that go back 
very many years. They know what kind of capacities we can give, what kind of expertise we 
provide and what kind of support we provide in this market. 
 
So we don't mind competition as long as people understand what they are writing and they are 
able to put in that kind of capacities, we are more than happy to have them. Having said that, 
new companies will take some time to settle down because reinsurance is a game of deep 
pockets, you need to have a lot of capacities, you need to have a lot of staying power. And if 
they have that, more than happy to welcome competition in this market. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Karthikeyan K: 
So what kind of strategy do we have? I mean, planning for like the foreign portfolio, you said 
that the growth will be in the range of 17% to 20%. So that's going to be for the longer term, 
right? You didn't specifically mention that for this year. I mean, can we see that going forward 
for next 2, 3 years? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Yes, yes. It will all -- that's how we are planning it, that international grew about 17% to 20% 
year-on-year and domestic could grow about 7% to 8%, where we have factored in the fact that 
there will be more competition in the domestic market, number one. Number two, on the 
international side, the confidence comes from the fact that we used to write a lot of business in 
the past, which we lost, some of the good businesses that we lost due to the credit rating 
downgrade that we suffered in 2020. 
 
Having got the rating back, having maintained our relationships with all these companies, we 
are confident that we will get back those businesses that we lost. We've already started. We are 
already in the market. We've already got some part of the shares for all the businesses that we 
lost. So it's a question of ramping that up going forward, also getting to see some really good 
international businesses, which have come up in the last few years and writing that. So the 
confidence comes from that. 
 
Like I said earlier, we've also provided for the fact or taken on board the fact that there will be 
competition in the domestic market. Having said that, if the market grows the way it is expected 
to grow, we don't expect any diminution in our participation in this market. 
The shares might come down, but then the overall market will anyway go up. So our business, 
our capacities in the market will continue. So which is why we are very confident that in the 
next medium term, we'll definitely be able to write the business that we are looking for. 
 
But again, the biggest challenge and the biggest driver for us is that the business that we write 
should be profitable. We're not writing business just for increasing our top line. We are not in 
that game. We want to ensure that every piece of business that we write brings profitability to 
us, increases our margin and overall helps us in improving our network. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Sir, one last question I have is like the combined has come down during the first quarter for the 
Foreign portfolio. So what will be like for this financial year going forward, the combined for 
the Foreign portfolio? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
So we are expecting that the combined will be -- so it's not -- I mean if you're asking whether 
this is a one-off, it's not. It is something that we expect that it will continue going forward for 
this year. The combined for the Foreign for this year, we honestly expect it to be closer to where 
it is now. Maybe it will improve a little more than what it is currently. So I think if you see 
overall, we are looking at a combined of around 107%, 106.8%, 107% for this year, in which 
overall, the domestic curve will continue to be at around 104%, 105% and Foreign will come 
much better than what it was last year. I think it will come closer to 110% is my feeling. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand the investment book better. So I just wanted to get a sense like 
what is the restriction? Are there any regulatory restrictions on us to invest in, say, equities 
versus fixed income? And could you just highlight that how much of our policyholders' book 
can we invest in fixed instruments versus equity and how much of the shareholder can we invest 
in fixed instruments versus equity? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Okay. I can give you something briefly. If you want more details, I'll get my CIO to talk on this. 
The point is there are no restrictions. Yes, there are some restrictions which IRDAI have put in, 
but they don't say that we should put only so much into equity or anything or we should not put 
it into equity. I think this discipline is something that we have set upon ourselves because we 
are also rated by international credit rating agencies. 
 
And they want to ensure that the investment book is very, very safe, very, very liquid and doesn't 
throw up shocks. And like I said, we try to keep our investment book very safe. Having said that, 
you asked whether there is any specific policy for policyholders' funds vis-a-vis shareholders' 
funds, we don't do that. The entire fund is taken together. And within that, we decide how much 
we will have it in debt. So like I said, 74% currently is in debt, about 17% to 18% is equity and 
typically about 8% is money market. 
 
Money market is more FDs and liquid mutual funds simply because we need the money to pay 
claims as and when it comes. So we keep it very simple. Our idea is to maintain the equity around 
the same stage because that gives us the right kind of investment income that we want every 
quarter in our books. 
Otherwise, I mean, there are certain restrictions, which IRDAI puts as to you must have certain 
percentage in housing, certain percentage in infrastructure, something in government bonds and 
things like that. But those we are very clearly following. There is no problem there. 
Anant Mundra: 
Got it. Got it. So sir, currently, what is the run rate of our fixed income that comes in quarterly 
-- without -- if I exclude the capital gains, basically, how much is... 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
You wanted the rate of interest, is it? 
Anant Mundra: 
No, no. The quarterly run rate of the investment income that we are receiving right now. So it's 
about, say, INR2,000 crores quarterly fixed kind of income that we will surely get whether we 
book any equity gains or not, something of that sort, like some color on that. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Yes, yes. So we showed INR3,230.26 crores for this quarter, out of which INR1,074 crores is 
profit on sale of investment. Interest and dividend together is about INR1,850 crores. There is -
- we do have branches and operations abroad. We keep that money outside in international funds. 
That bank interest is about INR167 crores. 
 
And there is also some businesses who keep our premium for some time. So there is a interest 
on reserve deposits of about INR131 crores. So to come back to your point, maybe interest and 
dividend, which is something that comes on a regular basis for us, that's about INR1,850 crores 
and profit on sale of investment is about INR1,074. This is for this quarter, and this is kind of 
expected to continue fully. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC Securities. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Sorry, I joined a bit late. So sir, my first question is on the growth in the Motor segment. So on 
the direct side, if you look at industry hasn't grown that much, some of the PSU players have 
been very aggressive on that side. So was this a one-off quarter for you in the Motor side? 
 
And secondly, how has been our experience in the revision in the pricing primarily on the 
property segment wherein we have seen last year there was a steep decline in the rate. And I 
have another follow-up question on the LOB-wise loss ratio, specifically on the Motor, Health 
and Fire segment, if you can break that into. 
 
Another thing which I wanted to ask you is for the quarter, our net commission ratio has reduced 
considerably. So have you rationalized the commission rates we have offered to the insurers? 
Can you help us understand what has led to that? And lastly, on one small thing, data keeping. 
On the capital gain, you mentioned for this quarter, you have booked INR1,074 -- INR1,174 
crores. Can you give us same number for last year same quarter? And what was the total capital 
gain realized in FY '25? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Sure. Okay. So let me try and take this point by point. First, Motor, you asked where is the 
growth coming from. So yes, there hasn't been much of a growth on the direct side. But we've 
also been writing some new treaties on Motor where we have been supporting some of our 
partners. So that is where our growth is coming from. 
Earlier, Motor used to be almost predominantly obligatory. Major part of that used to be 
obligatory. But now there are a lot more treaties that we write with some of the companies on 
Motor. So that is where our growth is coming from. 
 
Secondly, you asked about revision in pricing on property. Yes, that is something that we are 
very closely monitoring. And we've tried to ensure and get people on the same page in terms of 
pricing to ensure that there is viability in the property market on the direct side. 
 
You asked how does that affect us? Honestly, property is majorly proportional capacity that we 
provide in the market. So if the pricing on the direct side improves and the premium increases, 
we obviously get the benefit of it. So yes, we would be looking to get the benefit of that. It has 
not happened. I mean, rather, you would not see it in the first quarter comparison with the first 
quarter of the previous year because like I said, there is a change in the way long-term policies 
are accounted for. 
 
Earlier, it used to be booked in the same quarter. Now it is apportioned for the different years 
for which it is bought. So to that extent, it will actually look flat or even slightly lower. But going 
forward, by the end of the year, you will see that property premium are higher than what it was 
last year. 
 
You also wanted to know about the commission. So yes, the commission looks low at this stage 
because typically, what would happen is when treaties are signed, commissions are started at a 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
certain level. And then depending on the profitability of the portfolio, the commissions would 
go up or down. We expect the portfolio to be profitable this year. 
Like I said, the pricing has gone up hopefully, catastrophic losses will be comparatively lower 
than previous years because rains have been good. We have not heard of headline- making floods 
happening in this part of the country. We've also not heard anything on the international side. 
 
But we are monitoring that. So depending on how the portfolio performs, you would expect 
commissions to go up in case it works better. Our own feel is that as the year goes through and 
we reach towards the end of the year, the commissions would be more or less at the same levels 
as last year. 
You also asked about the capital gains INR1,074 crores that we booked this year. For 30/6/24, 
it was INR790 crores. And for the whole year of 31/3/25, it was INR4,108 crores. So I mean, 
going by what we have booked, we can expect it to be around the same level or even slightly 
higher for the entire year. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Sir, can you help us understand the LOB-wise loss ratios because there is a significant 
improvement in the loss ratio despite the 2 large losses, which we have accounted for this 
quarter. So was this driven by the Motor health or Fire segment? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Let me quickly have a look at this. So some of the improvements that I see compared to previous 
year. Basically, quarter-on-quarter, Fire is more or less the same. I think the improvement has 
come from Motor -- no, not really. Motor on a combined, yes. It's more from Agri, maybe a bit 
of Health. And yes, these are the ones that have contributed to the improvement. Of course, 
Engineering, comparatively a smaller class, but that has shown profitability. These are the 3 
main classes. 
 
Overall, Motor looks good now compared to earlier years. Property also is matching up because 
if I see the overall combined, combined for Fire is at around 106%, Motor is 107%, Health has 
come down to 111%, Agri at 86%. But honestly, Agri should go up a little as the year goes by. 
Cargo has come down. It was a class, which internationally we had issues with. That has come 
down to 104 %. Hull is at 44%, but again, this will be a one-off. So I think overall, each of the 
classes have performed better. Idea would be to bring it to bring it -- to better it going forward. 
It will all, of course, depend on how the catastrophes work out in the next 2 quarters. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And sir, last question, sir, on the Retail Insurance segment, primarily the Motor, Retail, 
Health, we have seen insurance companies retaining most of the risk on their net. Do you believe 
that there is an appetite for these insurance companies to cede that business to the reinsurers? 
Just your views on that, sir. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Sir, we are seeing them do it. So like I said, the growth that happened in Motor, which is your 
question that in the primary market, there was no growth, but where did we grow? So that growth 
is basically in Retail Motor. So some of the treaties that we have written where it used to be 
earlier kept by the insurance companies, now they have ceded it to us. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
So on the Retail side, you are right in saying that individual policies are small tickets, so the 
companies have the capacity to retain. But as they start writing more and more, they will 
obviously need to put in more capital. If you see this market, barring for maybe 4 or 5 companies 
who are listed in the market, rest are privately owned. So obviously, there will be a problem in 
getting the kind of capital that is required. And normally, in that kind of a situation, it is the 
reinsurers who will be putting their capacity and driving up the capacity in the market. And that 
is what we see happening. 
 
And going forward also, to your question, whether we see this happening, I think once RBC 
comes into play, what we would typically see is the capital would come down, the solvency 
ratios would come down for the market. And rather than quickly looking to get capital in, they 
might look for reinsurance capacities. So that is one reason why we have kept our solvency at a 
higher level and not really soliciting business at this stage because we would rather wait and 
write profitable business, which would come to our side when RBC kicks in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritika Dua from Bandhan AMC. 
Ritika Dua: 
Sir, just my apologies, if you could just reiterate the guidance you gave on combined ratio for 
the overseas business? And also, if you could just break that down because if I heard the number 
correctly, then there was a meaningful improvement that you're expecting. 
And is this meaningful improvement largely a function of maybe we have already provisioned 
for the businesses well written and we don't expect any -- or how does that really improvement 
work, if you could help understand. So that's the first question. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Okay. So let me just give you a feel on this. So for the current year, so last year, we ended with 
a combined ratio of 108.8% where typically the Foreign was at 126% and domestic was at 104%. 
This year, we are expecting that to come down by at least 1%, maybe slightly more. So the 
combined should be closer to 107% -- 107.5% is what we believe it will be. 
 
And a major part of that improvement would come from international. Because I think domestic, 
if you see, we are currently at 104.5% or something, where I think that's a good position to be 
in. I don't think we will be in the short term, able to do better than this on the domestic simply 
because if you see the overall market, it is running at a combined of 116% to 118%, and we are 
already doing much better than the insurance market. So our improvement will happen on the 
Foreign side. And what we believe is from 126%, we should ideally be coming to around 118%, 
116% is what we would be looking at for this year. 
Ritika Dua: 
We are already 118% for the quarter. So you said that we could be 116% for the year roughly? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Exactly. There are 2 quarters -- I mean, the coming 2 quarters, which is the July, August, 
September and the October, November, December are internationally, the 2 quarters where you 
get catastrophic losses, so we need to really monitor that and see how that works. Fortunately, 
we have still not received any adversaries of any major CAT event happening in any of the 
markets. So we are sanguine about getting a much better combined ratio. But I guess as the 
quarters move on, you will get a much clearer picture on the combined. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Ritika Dua: 
Sir, second question is a little more accounting. So for all the unlisted -- investments in the 
unlisted space that we have, how do we account for the sale? And especially on -- even if they 
are obviously marked up on a fair value basis, what is our -- when does the market really happen? 
And what is the basis for the same also, if you could share that? 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Well, honestly, the number of unlisted companies are very, very less in our books. Having said 
that, the unlisted companies would be accounted for on book value basis only at this stage. We 
don't really mark it up unless it gets lifted. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this would be our last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ramaswamy Narayanan: 
Thank you, everyone, for your questions, your comments, your suggestions. They mean a lot to 
us. And honestly, over the years, they have opened our eyes to looking at our business in 
different ways. I'm hoping that the consistency of our performance this quarter would give you 
the confidence that it reflects our disciplined execution, a focused strategic approach and prudent 
risk management. These efforts have positioned us to pursue opportunities. 
But hopefully our efforts have positioned us to pursue opportunities that align with our risk 
appetite and support our long-term vision for sustainable value creation, and I hope that gives 
you the confidence about how this company will perform going forward. 
 
On a very personal front, I'll be laying down office at the end of September. And so this is most 
probably the last time that I'll be interacting with all of you on this platform. I would like to take 
this opportunity to thank all of you for the support that you have given to GIC, the interactions 
that we have had and the interest that you have shown in us. 
 
I've learned a lot from these interactions and have taken heart from the positive vibes and 
comments that have come from you. I hope our performances have given you the confidence in 
our business and the strength that our balance sheet has and that you will continue to support 
this company and my successor in the years to come. I wish you all the very best in your future 
endeavors. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of General Insurance Corporation of India, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
