 
 
Ref: ADL/SE/2025-26/28 
       July 25, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE: 524348 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE SYMBOL: AARTIDRUGS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and               
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   Sub:  Transcript of Q1 FY26 Earning Conference Call  
Please find attached herewith transcript of Q1 FY26 Earning Conference call. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR AARTI DRUGS LIMITED 
  
 
RUSHIKESH DEOLE  
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI M.No.: F12932 
 
RUSHIKESH 
VIVEK DEOLE
Digitally signed by RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=421301, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=THANE,B-2, DEVIPRASAD SOCIETY, AGRA 
ROAD ,421301, l=THANE, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=9b60f64457feab7f455d17463ebe710861bf
01b575f6fc0484483273dabfc17f, 
pseudonym=39fdd8cc665b44adb709d2b2c0bc1ffe, 
2.5.4.20=76af11ab2ea790a8aec8b0d90f9da6fdb715f5b92
2a7af009bb3f93dc014e116, 
email=RUSHIKESH.DEOLE@AARTIDRUGS.COM, 
cn=RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
Date: 2025.07.25 23:00:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Aarti Drugs Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 21st July 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
• 
Mr. Adhish P. Patil – Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Aarti Drugs Limited 
• 
Mr. Harshit M. Savla – Joint Managing Director, Aarti Drugs Limited 
• 
Mr. Harit P. Shah – Whole-Time Director, Aarti Drugs Limited 
 
 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aarti Drugs Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded.  
With this, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhish Patil, COO and CFO from Aarti 
Drugs Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today for Aarti Drugs Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Mr. Harshit Savla, our Joint 
Managing Director; Mr. Harit Shah, Whole-Time Director; and SGA, our Investor Relations 
Advisors. 
 
I trust you have had the chance to go through our financial results and investor presentation for 
the quarter, which are available on the stock exchanges and our website. Let me begin with 
some of the key business updates on Aarti Drugs followed by the financial highlights. 
 
The quarter witnessed improved demand for active pharmaceutical ingredients, leading to a 
recovery and growth in volumes as compared to Q1 FY '25. Our API business grew by 5% on 
a year-on-year basis. In Q1 FY '26, the total revenues grew by 6% year- on-year to INR591 
crores with gross profit margins improving by 130 basis points year-on-year to 36.8%. 
EBITDA has increased by 12% year-on-year to INR74 crores and EBITDA margins improved 
to 12.6%. Gross profit margin improvement is primarily attributed to the normalization of 
input cost. 
 
Looking forward, we anticipate further improvement in EBITDA margins driven by multiple 
factors. These include an expected growth in global API demand and higher penetration in 
regulated markets, leading to uptick in selling prices as well as enhanced capacity utilization. 
 
On the capacity expansion side, our greenfield project at Sayakha Gujarat has started trial 
production. This plant has been set up mainly for backward integration into anti-diabetic 
products and their intermediates and is expected to largely serve internal requirements. This 
backward integration is a key strategic step that should help improve profit margins over time 
and reduce the risk of input cost volatility. This project will support internal requirements for 
our anti-diabetic products and choline chloride, contributing to backward integration, margin 
improvement and supply chain derisking. 
 
Secondly, we continue to make progress on scaling up of our Tarapur greenfield site where we 
launch salicylic acid production, entering a market historically dominated by imports. While 
the plant faced some initial startup issues which is typical during the early stages of new 
product for in-house developed technology, these have been effectively addressed and are 
being implemented at the plant level.  
The company is now focused on a calibrated ramp-up of operations. This is expected to begin 
contributing to the company's financials from the third quarter of FY '26 onwards. Current 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
output levels still stand below 200 tonnes per month, and we expect to ramp up to 800 tonnes 
per month very soon and further expand installed capacity to approximately 1,600 metric 
tonnes per month. 
 
We view this ramp-up as strategically important, not just from a volume perspective but also in 
strengthening domestic sales demand. This strengthens our product mix and supports 
diversification into adjacent value chains. 
 
With the manufacturing capacity, exceeding 1,450 tonnes per month, ADL is one of the 
leading metformin manufacturers in the world. We are aiming for higher utilization. In future, 
we are planning for additional 350 tonnes per month of brownfield expansion. The launch of 
Gliptins will further enhance and solidify the position of the company in anti-diabetic 
category. 
 
During Q1 FY '26, the company incurred capex of roughly around INR48.5 crores at a 
consolidated level, mainly towards capacity expansion, backward integration, safety and 
finished formulation R&D. For FY '26, we expect capex to be in the range of INR150 crores to 
INR200 crores. In the Formulation business, we have grown by 14% year-on-year to INR80 
crores in Q1 FY '26. 57% of the revenue contribution for formulation is from exports during 
the quarter. 
 
We have commenced commercial operations in Latin America and a few African markets 
along with undertaking new registrations in export markets and government tenders. Our 
formulation subsidiary has achieved a key milestone with USFDA approval for its oncology 
facility and UK MHRA approval for our oral solid dosage (OSD) facility. In parallel, we are 
actively developing and registering new oncology dossiers across global markets. These efforts 
are expected to drive meaningful growth in our regulated market presence starting FY '27 
onwards. 
 
A lot of new regulated customer audits have been triggered at the recently USFDA approved 
Tarapur API facility. We also plan to expand this facility by putting more production blocks in 
future. Additionally, we are rebuilding presence in the US market. This has been a meaningful 
development for us as it enables our reentering into one of the most important regulated 
markets. While it may take some time to scale up, this opens up future growth opportunities 
for several of our API products. 
 
Recently, the US government announced if tariffs on pharmaceutical products and API imports 
from countries like China in a move to reduce reliance on Chinese supply chain. This policy 
shift is likely to disrupt global sourcing patterns, but it also creates a significant opportunity for 
Indian API players. At Aarti Drugs, with our recently USFDA-approved API facility and 
strong proven manufacturing capabilities, we are well positioned to capitalize on this transition 
and cater to the evolving demand landscape in global markets. 
 
It is also worth noting that regulatory markets like Europe and the US offer superior margins. 
With more of our products receiving EU certifications from larger plants, we are shifting high-
value exports to lower-cost platforms, improving our margin capture. While volume growth 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
has been steady, we expect a meaningful pickup from H2 FY '26 onwards as our newer assets 
stabilized. Volumes are picking up, and we also expect better realizations as global API 
demand begins to normalize. Over the medium term, we remain committed to our strategy of 
deepening backward integration and improving cost competitiveness. 
 
Finally, inching towards sustainability, we have continued to make progress. One key 
development in FY '25 was the commissioning process of the 24.4 megawatt peak solar project 
through our joint venture with Prozeal Green Power. This project is being developed to support 
part of our power requirements in Maharashtra and Gujarat.  
Once fully operational, we expect this investment to help lower long-term power cost and also 
strengthen our ESG profile by reducing our carbon footprint. This aligns with our broader 
effort to reduce dependence on conventional energy and move towards cleaner, more 
sustainable operations. 
 
To conclude, we remain focused on operational execution and disciplined cost control in what 
continues to be a dynamic business environment. Looking ahead, we expect further 
improvement in margins supported by a normalization in API pricing, ramp-up of newly 
commissioned capacity, better capacity utilization and higher-value export opportunities in the 
regulatory markets. The broader margin profile is also likely to benefit from greater internal 
sourcing and improved product mix. 
 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Adhish, congratulations for a decent set of numbers. Sir, my first question is that we have seen 
a very good improvement in our gross margin, both Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q. But the same gross 
margin delta is not getting reflected in EBITDA margin. To that extent, of course, we have 
improved 70 basis points, but some of that has been lost in the other expenses.  
So when do we expect this gross margin delta to fully flow through to EBITDA? And as you 
are saying that the backward integration and internal sourcing, plus maybe better realization, if 
that happens over, let's say, next 3 to 6 months, then how should we look at the gross margin 
going forward? 
Adhish Patil: 
So Dhwanil, the gross margins have improved, no doubt, a bit further backward integration of 
our Sayakha plant. We certainly hope that they will improve a bit further. Having said that, 
after that improvement, obviously, the regulated market sales will lead to higher selling prices. 
That will also lead to better gross margins.  
But having said that, with the current gross margins, what we achieved in this quarter, had we 
had better utilization of the capacity, then probably our EBITDA margins would have been 
better, I mean, almost above 14.5% even with these gross margins.  

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
So this particular quarter, though the gross margins were good, but because of the slightly 
lower utilization of the capacities, it did not flow into the EBITDA margins. And there are 
obviously other factors, as you pointed out, which can lead to further improvement in the gross 
margin itself. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So essentially, let's say, from Q-o-Q perspective, let's say, next quarter onwards, do we see 
improving the capacity utilization? Or shall we expect that from H2 onwards only? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So actually, there are multiple factors from where the improvement in the financials will 
come from. One is definitely the higher utilization of the current API business itself, other is 
by getting newer customer approvals for the existing APIs in the regulated market. And third 
but not the least, we are expensing out a lot of losses for the salicylic acid plant in last quarter. 
 
So that continues into this quarter as well. As I pointed out in the press release that our current 
capacity utilization still had been below 200 tonnes per month, and it will take somewhere 
around 600 tonnes per month of production for us to break even. So definitely, with the 
improvement in the utilization of salicylic acid plant, definitely, in 2 quarters' time, we see 
betterment in the capacity utilization. And plus, as new markets open up, the existing business 
will also have better capacity utilization in the coming years. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Second question is you mentioned in your press release that a lot of customers visit from 
regulated markets that have happened and are happening. So you also say that US may take a 
little more time. But if you can give some idea about where our current Europe business stands 
and how do we perceive that Europe business growing in FY '26 and FY '27 based on the 
USFDA approval that we have received for the plant? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So definitely, our US business is almost nil as far as APIs are concerned. We just got the 
import alert listed in December. And January, we got the official letter from USFDA as well. 3 
of our products are already being referred in the ANDA. So we are quite bullish about those 3 
products to be launched very soon in the USFDA market. But having said that, US market 
definitely takes more time, a lot of gestation period is there. So probably by, I can say safely, 
after 9 to 12 months, probably we can start with the commercial supplies, if everything goes 
smooth. 
 
And as far as the Europe market is concerned, that will start much earlier than the US market is 
what we feel because our plant was already EDQM compliant. But because of that import 
alert, lot of customers were reluctant buying from that plant for the Europe market as well. So 
our Europe market has also opened up. 
 
And if you see our investor presentation, we have mentioned that in FY '24, our Europe was 
around 14%, and FY '25 was around 12%. So that can significantly go up so we can safely 
assume that after 9 to 12 months, the registered sales from our Tarapur API facility, which has 
been recently approved by USFDA should commence commercial sales. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. So this 12%, let's say, over next 2 years, can it go to 20% plus? Is that how we should 
look? 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Adhish Patil: 
So definitely, we'll try to -- because it can go to 20% because there are multiple things which 
are trying. Two things. So first of all, what we are doing is that all our CEPs, the European 
approvals , we are trying to move toward existing plants, the bigger plants, not the 
multipurpose but the dedicated plants.  
So from there, if you start supplying to the European market, we will be able to supply at a 
very, very cheap rate. Though that rate would be better than the other markets, but as 
compared to the same product is being sold at a very expensive rate as of today in the same 
market. So we can supply at a much lower rate from that. So definitely 15% to 20% is 
possible. 
 
And also, our E22 facilities, USFDA facility, we have adjoining land parcels where we are 
putting up more blocks, but that will take around 12 to 24 months for blocks to get 
commissioned. But the approval process can be a bit faster for products because we will start 
to apply for the products from the existing production block so that there can be some overlap 
between the product approval process and the commercial operation from the newer blocks. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And last question. So at the start of the year, we were expecting a 15% kind of volume 
growth and negative price variance of, let's say, around 5%. So at least double-digit growth in 
revenue. 
 
And so first, are we on track for that? And if I understand correctly, in the base that negative 
price variances will be in H1? And in H2, probably if the prices remain same, there will be no 
negative price variance? So then H2 onwards, maybe top line growth will be upward of 15%. 
Is that how should we look at it? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, it is fairly possible what you said. H2 growth can grow in double digits. For the first 
quarter, that is June '25, on a year-on-year basis, we had a volume uptick of around 9%, and 
the negative price variation was roughly around 4.5%, and that is why we achieved that 4% to 
5% or 4% to 6% of growth in the stand-alone and consolidated company. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
So sir, first of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers. So sir, I have a couple of 
questions regarding your business. So first of all, sir, from your current pipeline of APIs for 
commercial products, how high do you plan to commercialize in FY '26, are there very high 
margin or niche launches and profiles. Could you just clarify regarding this? 
Adhish Patil: 
Actually I could not understand your question. Can you just repeat it once more, please? 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes, sure, sure, sure. Sir, from the current pipeline of API and Formulation products, how 
many do you plan to commercialize in FY '26? Are there any high margin or niche launches in 
focus regarding the upcoming quarters or maybe even a year? 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. So you are asking about newer product launches in the coming few quarters? 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes. Sure. Sure. Yes. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Adhish Patil: 
So the main product R&D what we are doing for Formulation business in regulated markets 
for oncology as well as for other solid dosages, so the regular dossiers are been developed and 
registered as we speak, whereas the oncology dossiers will take a little bit of time.  
What we expect is that by December of next year, that is December 2026, by that time, most of 
the R&D would be done for at least 10 oncology products, and we've been filing the dossier 
for approvals. And from there, it might take around 6, 7 months for the approval, and then the 
commercial sales of the oncology product will start. 
 
As far as the APIs are concerned, it's an ongoing process because in APIs, though we 
manufacture roughly around 45, 50 molecules in a year, our top 20 almost contributes around 
90%, 92% of the total sales. So all the trail molecules, which are already there, so what we 
expect is slowly the demand of the trail molecules will increase.  
And similarly, we keep adding few of the other products as well in the product basket, one 
such product, which can grow and we might see the difference in production capacity is the 
Fluconazole, antifungal product already in Ketoconazole which is our leading antifungal 
products, we have largest market share and production capacities in the entire group. So 
ongoing process as far as it is -- and formulation, I just explained. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes. Okay. And sir, one more I want to just clarify about your Sayakha facility, you have just 
covered but, please repeat and clarify regarding this, the Sayakha facilities has started trial 
production. When do you expect full commercialization from and from which quarter, which 
we will see start seeing its impact on revenue and margins in this quarter or maybe in full year. 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. So the Sayakha facility mainly put for backward integration for captive consumption 
purpose. But along with that, there will be some, you can say, side chain products, which will 
be produced simultaneously, which we'll have to sell outside. So we have started to trial 
production now. And it's a very high temperature, high pressure kind of a reaction. So it's very 
common for that kind of a plant, whenever you start the operation for the first time to observe 
some leakages in pipelines or some equipment, and then you have to plug those leakages and 
restart the facility. 
 
So we have been doing this since a couple of months. And now though we are pretty confident, 
but within a week's time, we will come to know whether any more leakages are being observed 
or not. And if they're not observed, then we will be putting that facility to use in this 
September quarter itself. And if not, if we find some problems, then probably it might go to 
Q3, but very high chances that, that facility might be put to use in Q2 itself. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. So I just wanted to clarify your sentence, like you're targeting for quarter 2, and if 
something goes wrong, so it may be go to quarter 3, right. Am I right? 
Adhish Patil: 
Correct. Correct.  

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes. Yes. And sir, last one bookkeeping question. You have guided for INR150 crores to 
INR200 crores capex this year, so how much of this will directly contribute to growth, or what 
return on capital you are expecting to be the target value for this project? 
Adhish Patil: 
Your voice is a bit not clear. I'm not able to get. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes, sir. I'll repeat. You guided for INR150 crores to INR200 crores capex this year. How 
much of this will directly contribute to growth, if you can, what ROCE you can expect while 
approaching such project? 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay, understood. So see, roughly 50% of this probably we will be investing in the new 
product R&D in the Formulation business, mainly towards oncology and a bit towards non-
oncology as well, but targeting the regulated markets, roughly 50% of it. And the rest would be 
done in the parent company for brownfield expansion of a lot of products. We have certain 
products in mind, like some antifungal product, then cardiovascular products. 
 
And we are also putting up new block for our USFDA facility. And even our anti-diabetic 
therapy, we are trying to expand. So there are a lot of brownfield expansions involved. So you 
can say that other than you can say, let's say, 10% to 15%, rest all 80%, 85% would be focused 
for growth and not for maintenance in this.  
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Sorry. And now can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You're audible. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So definitely, as we think, we are going a lot as far as safety is concerned. Since the last 
1.5 years, we have spent almost around INR10 crores, INR15 crores for better equipment, for 
better GMP equipment and safer equipment so that the accident or small, small mishaps, what 
happens in at plant level, we are trying to reduce that by having better equipment, better 
maintenance and also automating most of the things and doing a lot of things on the safety 
part. So definitely, that has also been one of the key focus areas as far as capex is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of AM Lodha from Sanmati Consultants. 
AM Lodha: 
First, yes, I would feel highly obliged if you management give some guidance about volume in 
FY '26 and FY '27 and value-wise growth in FY '26 and FY '27. 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. So when we started the year, we had a certain volume growth in mind, for FY '26 and 
FY '27, we had roughly a CAGR growth of 15%, roughly 15% year-on-year growth for this 
coming 2 years. It might so happen that we can get 10% here and 20% in next year, that we 
cannot predict much, but roughly 15% CAGR growth in volumes we had targeted for the FY 
'27. 
 
And for this year, the first half, year-on-year, there can be a negative price variation of around 
minus 4% to minus 6%, for the first half only. And from the second half onwards, negative 
price variation will go away. So whatever growth in volumes in there, that will translate into 
value add growth. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
AM Lodha: 
What about FY '27, how much value growth we can expect? 
Adhish Patil: 
Same. 15% year-on-year  
AM Lodha: 
Based on the prevailing prices. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. Yes. Based on the prevailing prices, we expect 15% on each year. 
AM Lodha: 
15% on each year value growth. Okay, sir. What is the net debt -- my second question is what 
is the net debt of the company on debt? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, yes. So on a consolidated level, it is slightly below -- somewhere near about INR597 
crores. Of which, around 56% is a long- term debt and 44% is the working capital debt. 
AM Lodha: 
Can we expect some reduction in the loan? Almost capex is -- big capex is over. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. Actually, what you say is correct that in spite of doing heavy capex and having 2 big 
shareholder payouts in last 2 financial years, almost to the tune of roughly around INR80 
crores to INR85 crores each year, so both combined, it would be somewhere in the range of 
INR170 crores or something, plus the capex we have done, still we are able to manage the debt 
at this INR597 crores level. So we do feel that if we don't take up new capex or new capacity 
expansions, this debt level can further come down drastically. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Majid Ahamed from PinPointX Capital. 
Majid Ahamed: 
I just want to understand, like in your presentation you had mentioned INR1,200 crores of 
revenues that's going to come from the upcoming capex. And so if I take INR1,200 crores of 
top line, like it could be starting on H2. But even if I take those numbers and it is around from 
the current level of revenue, it is around 45% to 50% growth from the current level of revenue. 
So I just want to clearly understand like as you were saying 15% volume growth and not much 
pricing growth in place and you are saying some for  captive consumption I'm just trying to 
understand those numbers clearly. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So the thing is whatever capacities we are putting right now for the full benefit to 
translate into financials, it might take around 3 years. So it might flow into FY '28 for the -- for 
optimum utilization of all these greenfield capex, what we are doing right now. 
Majid Ahamed: 
So the revenue will start coming more in an upper phased manner, this INR1,200 crores? 
Adhish Patil: 
It will come up in the phased manner. You're very much correct. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Okay. And so going forward, like as we are also reinvesting our operating cash flow going 
forward and you've also mentioned a dividend payout, like how are you then going to manage 
your debt as well going forward? Yes, can you manage and reduce debt cost? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So as I was just talking with the previous caller, that in spite of doing around INR170 
crores of shareholder payout either in the form of buyback or dividend and carrying a capex of 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
roughly around INR150 crores to INR200 crores each year, still, we were able to keep our debt 
at INR597 crores, which, roughly, translates to around 0.42 or 0.43 debt-to-equity ratio. And in 
last 2, 3 years, our debt-to-equity ratio has been systematically coming down in spite of doing 
heavy capex as well as giving out shareholder payouts. So the company's policy of 25% 
shareholder payout, we can easily maintain that policy and still keep our debt levels very much 
in control. So that won't be an issue. 
Majid Ahamed: 
So the debt level of debt to equity of 0.4, 0.5  will be maintained going forward is what you're 
saying? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So as a management, we feel that around -- roughly around 0.4 to 0.7 is a fair enough 
number to keep debt-to-equity levels because it also helps in achieving higher ROE because of 
the leverage, debt leverage. So that would be a good number to keep. Having said that, if we 
don't do shareholder payout for any reason, if we don't do it, then our debt-to-equity ratio will 
fall down significantly. 
Majid Ahamed: 
And my third question is regarding -- especially now your -- earlier Q1 FY '25 to '26, API 
contribution has went down from 80% to 77.6%. So going forward, like what would be the 
overall revenue contribution between API, Formulation and other -- like what's the direction 
that you're seeing? 
Adhish Patil: 
So a couple of percent here and there is what we have been seeing in our recent last few 
quarters. And the main reason for that is a slight volatility in the demand or tenders of 
Formulation business. So sometimes, if the sale of Formulation business is less, then suddenly 
the API component looks higher. 
 
Having said that, I will just give a fair enough range. As of today, our business is roughly 
around 78% to 80% of APIs, roughly around 8% of Spec Chem and Intermediates and rest 
12% to 14% is Formulation. That is the rough split what we have as of now. And given our 
expansion plans, so we are expanding our formulation business. And in 3 years horizon, we do 
feel that formulation business will almost double from here or it might reach to around INR550 
crores to INR600 crores once the oncology also commercializes. 
 
Along with that, the 2 main greenfield capex what we have put in the stand-alone company, 
the salicylic acid probably would go in Intermediate and Intermediate space, salicylic acid. 
Though it has the final application in dermatology as well, but we might classify most of the 
sales as a part of Intermediate because it goes in the manufacturing of salicylic which has a lot 
of application in perfumes and flavor industry. 
 
And Sayakha facility, which has come up, that will help in the backward integration for our 
anti-diabetic portfolio as well as some specialty chemical products will come out from there, 
which we'll be selling outside. So what Spec Chem and Intermediate percentage might go up 
from that 8% to, let's say, 15% in 3 to 4 years horizon. So API might be around 75% or 
something like that, 70%, 75%, Spec Chem and Intermediate might grow a little faster and the 
formulation will also grow to the same extent. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Majid Ahamed: 
The final question that I have is, going forward, like if we have to make sure that the margins 
because you're saying you're going for -- with your Sayakha plant coming in as a backward 
integration, what type of gross margin expansion that you're looking at, any numbers, 
anything? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So yes, so though it is very difficult to predict for the next 2 years, but what we see that if 
you look at the current pricing levels of those Intermediates, then definitely 1% or 2%, that -- I 
would say that, plus the regulated market sales, both put together, it can definitely help us to 
improve the gross contribution -- gross contribution margin by around a couple of percent. The 
higher regulated market sales plus the backward integration of Sayakha. 
Majid Ahamed: 
So if I can assume gross margin expansion of 200 to 250 bps plus if you can do cost 
rationalization of the fixed cost, can it move towards like 15%, 16% EBITDA in the coming 
year? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, it is fairly achievable if everything goes right. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Raman K.V. from Sequent Investment. 
Raman K. V.: 
Sir, what is the current TAM of this salicylic acid in India? 
Adhish Patil: 
The market potential? 
Raman K. V.: 
Total addressable market. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So see, salicylic acid, roughly has almost 20-kiloton per annum kind of a market in India. 
Raman K. V.: 
And who are the leading producers? 
Adhish Patil: 
So there are 3 main producers in China from where the salicylic acid is being imported. The 
Indian capacities are very limited as far as salicylic acid is concerned. So what does the 
capacity -- the market potential, which I told you is purely imports, which is happening from 
China. 
Raman K. V.: 
So basically, we'll be competing with China. So what will be the cost of production for them 
and like this particular intermediate in China versus our cost of production? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So salicylic acid, when we started the commissioning of plant and till, we reach the end 
stage and started actually selling the product in the market, little bit, till that time, the margins 
were very high. But as soon as we started manufacturing the product, literally the Chinese 
competition has reacted and trying to create entry barrier by dumping the salicylic acid into 
India and reducing the prices significantly as compared to the trend what we have seen in the 
last 4 to 5 years. So that makes a very special case. 
 
So even having said that, if we reach at around 800 tonnes per month kind of capacity, we can 
still break even, even with the current pricing. You can say the pricing equivalent to the 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
dumping of salicylic acid by Chinese manufacturer into India, even at that even you can make 
breakeven at around 800, 900 tonnes per month. 
 
Now the thing is because they have reduced the prices sharply after an Indian manufacturer has 
come into existence, it makes a very good case for antidumping duty. So we are approaching 
government for that. We are making the case. We'll be filing it soon once we compile the 
entire data. We also introduced salicylic acid into BIS, that is the Bureau of Indian Standards 
in last year. That also is a part of creating a little bit of barrier for the Chinese producers to sell 
that product into India. 
 
So it's a very tough job to compete with China, no doubt about that. But for most of the 
product basket which we have in API space, our main competition is only from China. So we 
are pretty much habituated to the Chinese competition. So it will be like any other products for 
us. 
Raman K. V.: 
Sir, one last question on this particular part. So what is the current prices of salicylic acid? And 
what will be the price if the ADD is imposed? 
Adhish Patil: 
So the ADD, we won't be able to tell you right now because that depends on the decision of 
government. But the selling price, current selling price is roughly in the range of INR119 to 
INR120 per kg for salicylic acid after paying the duty. 
Raman K. V.: 
INR190 to INR120? 
Adhish Patil: 
No, no. INR 119-120 
Raman K. V.: 
And this prior to Chinese player dumping, what was the price? 
Adhish Patil: 
It was roughly in the range of INR150 per kg, INR145, INR150. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhruv Achrekar from Tiger Asset Private Limited. 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
My question is as the US has imposed the high tariff on the Chinese APIs. So how the Aarti 
expects to capture opportunities in the US and as well as in the other market and resulting 
demand upticks and the contract wins? 
Adhish Patil: 
So this US -- so these tariffs basically would matter in really 2 terms. What I mean is mainly 
there are 2 major APIs in the world, China and India. So if the Chinese tariffs are higher than 
Indian tariffs, that will definitely help us in getting better margins and keeping our costs 
definitely.  
But having said that, as far as US market is concerned, cost of production is not that big of an 
issue for us because we are competing with China even in the unregulated markets in the rest 
of -- ROW markets. So definitely, this tariff will help us to some extent. Just like the way 
China Plus One strategy played in  during the COVID period. So it will help us, no doubt 
about that. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
And fortunately, this has come right when we got the USFDA approval back. So definitely, the 
customers might also feel -- the customers were solely dependent on China, will feel the need 
to approve more Indian sources. So that will definitely help us in getting more approvals. No 
doubt about that. 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, and my last question is regarding the capex. As you mentioned like there is a 
capex for Q1 around INR48 crores for FY '26 guidance of INR150 crores to INR200 crores, so 
how is the capex... 
Moderator: 
Sir, your audio is breaking. 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Yes. So my question is how this is being financed for? 
Adhish Patil: 
If I get your question correctly, I think you're asking about the -- how are we going to finance 
the capex? 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Adhish Patil: 
Typically, what we do, whenever there is brownfield expansion, we do it from the internal 
accruals itself. And only for the big, bigger greenfield projects or the newer big projects, 
relatively big projects, we take term loan financing from banks because our cost of debt for the 
long term was roughly in the range of 8.3% to 8.5%, but now it will come down drastically 
because of the reduction in the interest cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Just 2 clarity. One is on tax rate from last 2 quarters, we are doing a tax rate of around 20%. So 
in FY '26, '27, will it be in the range of 24%, 25%? Or it will be in the range of 20% to 21%, 
given the deferred tax rate? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, yes. So next financial year, that is FY '27 onwards, it will be at 25% only. This time, we 
have been getting a lot of income tax refunds in this financial year and even in last year also. 
So whatever refunds we are getting, we are adjusting in the tax provision directly. So that is 
the reason why the tax provision might look a bit lower in this year and last year. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So then what will be your guidance for FY '26? 
Adhish Patil: 
'26, you're asking? 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes, FY '26, how much should we assume? I mean, how much should we model in? 
Adhish Patil: 
Okay. I don't have the exact numbers as of now, but probably we might -- around INR30 
crores of tax rebate we might get. So that much provision, we might do this for the entire year. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. So roughly, then it would come in the range of 20%, 21%? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. I mean I haven't done the calculation yet. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And okay, no, it would be pretty lower in case if it is INR30 crores, right, in case if it is -- if 
the refund is coming in that range. Anyways, I'll take that offline. So on the EBITDA margin 
front, you mentioned that 15% to 16% EBITDA margin is achievable. That 15% to 16% you 
are guiding it for starting from FY '26 only? Or do you believe that this will happen only in FY 
'27? 
Adhish Patil: 
That for the entire year, it should happen only in FY '27. This year, probably, the outgoing 
since the last quarter of this financial year, probably we might try to achieve that. But the main 
-- the annual numbers, if you look at then probably, I would suggest FY '27 would be the right 
year. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And so FY '27, basically 15% value growth is what we are expecting and EBITDA 
margin of around 15% to 16% is something which is achievable with whatever factors which 
will be driving the growth and margin, which you have already mentioned? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Maitri Shah from Sapphire Capital. 
Maitri Shah: 
Yes. A few clarities. So the value decrease you said for the first half will be 4% to 5%. So 
what sort of increase are we expecting in the second half and FY '27? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So for the first half of this FY '26, we are having -- we might be having a negative price 
variation of roughly around 5%. So what we see is that the current value add growth of 5% to 
6% is what we will have in the first half, and we will try to increase it to around 10% or more 
in the second half of FY '26. 
 
Having said that, I would just like to point out one thing that the Q4 of FY '25, that is the 
March '25 quarter, our sales, the demand and the volumes, were quite high. So that would be 
one of the challenge. But otherwise, 10% volume base growth we can easily try to target that. 
We can even try for 15%, frankly speaking, in the second half of FY '26. 
Maitri Shah: 
So this is the value growth, not the volume growth, right? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So second half value and volumes would be more or less similar, both the growth. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. Value, volume more or less. And for FY '27, the same range because we're also entering 
the regulated market and all? 
Adhish Patil: 
Correct, correct, correct. 
Maitri Shah: 
So again, 10% to 15% on value and 10% to 15% on volume, is that correct? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, yes. 
Maitri Shah: 
And for the EBITDA, we're targeting 15%? 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Adhish Patil: 
EBITDA, yes, we're targeting 15% with the optimum utilization of all these greenfield capex 
what we're putting in. 
Maitri Shah: 
And the salicylic acid, the sales will be only domestic? Or are we targeting any international 
sales as well? 
Adhish Patil: 
So definitely, wherever we find the pockets in global market, we will try to target them 
because we do have a very good distribution network across the globe. We are exporting to 
more than 100 countries as far as APIs and Intermediates, Spec Chem is concerned. So so 
whatever pockets we find in the -- across the globe, we will try to target that as well, no doubt 
about that. Having said that, the main market of salicylic acid is here in India. So it will be 
more skewed towards domestic sales. 
Maitri Shah: 
And the Formulation business, you said you're targeting INR550 crores to INR600 crores 
through oncology. So that will happen post 2 years or within the next 3 years? 
Adhish Patil: 
So it will take 3 years. It will bare minimum take 3 years. So this INR550 crores to INR600 
crores as of now, I'm saying means in 3 years' time is because of both oncology as well as the 
other OSD registrations what we are doing across the globe. As we say that we got U.K. 
MHRA approval for our regular OSD facility in Baddi. We already have peaks approvals for 
the same. 
 
And as we speak today, we are also having ongoing audit for another regulated market. So if 
that goes well, then we will be on the right path to manufacture more and more regulated 
formulation products in our own facility and export it to the regulated market. So INR550 
crores to INR600 crores by FY '28, I would say, because the oncology piece will play -- I was 
telling that by December '26, probably most of the work in R&D would be done for 8, 10 
products, then we'll be filing those and then you can assume 6 to 9 months for to and fro within 
the regulatory authorities. And then we'll be able to start the commercial sales. 
 
But meanwhile, we do have a USFDA approved oncology plant. And if there are some other 
formulation companies in India or abroad who wants to get toll manufacturing done in the 
USFDA approved facility for oncology, which are very few across the globe. So if you get 
those opportunities, we will do that to increase the utilization of the plant. 
Maitri Shah: 
Are any of those in pipeline? Or it's just an opportunity you're looking for? 
Adhish Patil: 
So we are talking with few. I cannot give an estimate on that, but we are talking with few. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. And any idea on the tariff differential that will happen for China and India from the US? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So see, the only concern for us will be if the Indian tariff should not be more than Chinese 
tariffs, which seems very high. It's seems unlikely. So we are not worried that much because 
you said, if you speak about API market in US, cost is not that much of a big factor. It is 
mainly -- you should be able to get the tie-ups done in the US market. So it's more about 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
marketing than the cost because we are not worried about the cost as far as whatever products 
we are manufacturing in the USFDA part. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Meet Mehta from Prasun Exponentials. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we'll take this as a last question for today. The next question comes from the line of 
Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Just one question. So if we go back in time, even pre-COVID, with, let's say, 35% or even less 
gross margin, we were doing 15%, 16% EBITDA margin. And currently, we stand at close to 
37% EBITDA margin with room for improvement. So below gross margin, as and when I 
understand currently, the EBITDA margins are lower because of the lower capacity utilization.  
But as we achieve optimal capacity utilization, shouldn't we expect EBITDA margin north of 
16% purely going by historical numbers? Or is there any costs which have significantly 
increased your gross margin, which will keep margins in check to 15%, 16%? If you can help 
us understand this dynamics, what was there in the past, what can happen in the future? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So if we look at the standalone profitability for the March '25 quarters, as you said, you 
are right that even with the gross contribution of around 35.2%, we were able to do an 
EBITDA of 14.5%. So already, we are like moved almost 1% better. So that 14.5% will be 
around 15.5%. And with the better gross margin, why not 16.5% or 17.5%. So yes, so the thing 
is you're correct.  
So in the best possible quarter, where the utilizations are very high, everything is good, 
probably you might be able to hit those margins because the -- even -- see, our power 
expenses, which would be roughly around 3%. So with the solar power coming in, our 
manufacturing expenses will go down a little bit. 
 
Our manufacturing expense, as you see, if you look at all the past 5 quarters, they don't go up 
significantly even if the sales go up. So definitely an incremental profitability of 25% is there. 
What I mean is after INR500 crores or INR600 crores, if I do INR600 crores of more sales, 
probably, it adds around INR25 crores to my bottom line in the PBT.  
So that much leverage is possible, when the Sayakha plant come in, definitely, the expenses 
will go up because right now, we are not expensing it out because it is in CWIP. But the good 
part is that the salicylic acid plant where it hasn't come into sales much, but the entire cost is 
being expensed out as of today. In fact, for the last 5 quarters, we have completely expensed 
out the cost as far as salicylic acid plant is concerned. So once that goes in profit, definitely, it 
will help in improving the EBITDA margin by almost around 1% at the company level, I 
mean. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. So what you are saying is that there is a potential, but you are currently guiding for 
15%, 16%, right? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, yes. Correct. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And one more question on salicylic acid, you mentioned that 800 tonnes with the lower 
prices that China is dumping at, we will do breakeven. But I'm sure that all endeavors are to, 
again, at least get to that company level EBITDA margins. So is it fair to assume that without 
antidumping duty, difficult to get to that 14%, 15% EBITDA margin in salicylic acid? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So one thing is that as of now, that you already factored into our financials is whatever 
EBITDA margin we are showing right now is with the loss of salicylic acid. That is one thing. 
 
Secondly, yes, just under standalone basis, for the salicylic acid project, thing is right now, we 
are talking about 800 tons, but the final aim is going to 1,600 tonnes per month. So when we 
reach at those levels, 1,500, 1,600 tonnes per month, definitely, we feel that the margins will 
look much better. And typically, what we have seen that when we start manufacturing a 
product day in and day out in a dedicated facility, then we get a lot of new things to reduce the 
cost. But right now, what is happening because of the equipment, we were not able to run the 
production smoothly in a continuous form. 
 
And that is the reason why we are not able to bring in the cost reduction efficiencies in 
salicylic acid as of now. But we are confident that once we reach that 1,500, 1,600 tonnes per 
month kind of the level, then the company-level margins should come in. And having said that 
now, what we feel that as of now, see, China, even from January to July, in this period also, 
they have further reduced salicylic acid price by around 6%, 7%. And that is only to 
discourage the Indian manufacturers from producing. 
 
But fortunately -- see, had we been the stand-alone company, manufacturing only salicylic 
acid, it's going to be a problematic situation for us. But we have such a big product basket that 
the other products can easily absorb the loss of salicylic acid as of now. So as soon as we break 
even, we will be in much better position at the company level. And then from that point 
onwards, when you go to -- till 1,500, 1,600 tonnes per month, we will be even better. 
 
And there is always a scope of salicylic acid derivatives manufacturing because in India, most 
of the companies are manufacturing the derivatives of salicylic acid and exporting it to the 
world, export, that has a lot of export potential. So that is always there. But as of now, we are 
not focusing on that because, first of all, we will try to focus on selling salicylic acid to those 
Indian customers. And if that doesn't work well, then we have an option to go for the 
derivatives. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we'll take this as the last question 
for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this earnings call, and we hope we have been 
able to answer to most of your questions. We appreciate your interest in Aarti Drugs Limited. 
If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank 
you. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
July 21, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Aarti Drugs Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
**************** 
