 
Ref: BHVL/NSE/BSE/14082025 
 
                            
                August 14, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
Department of Corporate Services – Listing 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001
 
Re.: Scrip Symbol: BRIGHOTEL /Scrip Code: 544457 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Q1 FY 2025-26 Earnings – 
12th August ,2025                                                                                                                                
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q1 FY 2025-26 held on Tuesday, 12th August, 2025.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
Nirupa Shankar 
Managing Director 
DIN: 02750342 
 
Encl: a/a 
Nirupa 
Shankar
Digitally signed by 
Nirupa Shankar 
Date: 2025.08.14 
16:01:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. NIRUPA SHANKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
MR. AMAR MYSORE – DIRECTOR, BRIGADE HOTEL 
VENTURES LIMITED 
MR. ANANDA NATARAJAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ AGARWAL – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
MR. RAYAN ARANHA – VICE PRESIDENT 
(OPERATIONS), BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited Q1 FY 
‘26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nirupa Shankar – Managing Director of the company. 
Thank you. And over to you, ma’am. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us for the First Earnings Call of Brigade 
Hotel Ventures following our IPO.  
I am joined by the Senior Management of Brigade Hotels, Mr. Amar Mysore – our Director, Mr. 
Ananda Natarajan – our CFO, Mr. Manoj Agarwal – our COO, and Mr. Rayan Aranha – our VP, 
Operations. 
We are pleased to announce that our portfolio has grown by 22% in revenue and 24% in EBITDA 
for Q1 FY ‘26 compared to the same quarter last year. 
Bangalore and Chennai performed as per expectations with a 12% and 13% year-on-year 
RevPAR growth respectively. The GIFT City market in Gujarat is gaining momentum and with 
sustained demand driven by increased development activity and the entry of high pedigree IT 
and finance companies. Our hotel in gift city delivered a 44% RevPAR growth for the quarter.  
Our hotels in Mysuru continue to perform in line with market trends, maintaining healthy 
occupancy levels. A special mention to our newly launched Ibis Styles in Mysuru, which is 
ramping up and managed to achieve a 68% occupancy in just its third quarter of operations. Our 
F&B revenue recorded good growth with a significant increase of 32% year-on-year. 
Looking ahead, we anticipate continued growth in this segment with plans to relaunch multiple 
outlets, with refreshed positioning before the end of the fiscal year. Industry-wide, the quarter 
witnessed moderate hospitality demand impacted by seasonal softening and geopolitical tensions 
across borders. However, our portfolio has shown resilience and steady growth. 
This is primarily due to the disciplined rate management and our ability to event-led demand 
spikes during the quarter. The hotel growth is expected to accelerate through the remainder of 
FY ‘26, supported by sustained corporate and MICE demand, and further fueled by events, 
festival travel, and longer pleasure stays.  While international travel continues its steady 
recovery, our focus remains on attracting domestic travelers through value driven customized 
experiences. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
With the successful completion of our IPO and the availability of funds coupled with operations, 
we are well positioned to add nine new hotels and double our total key count over the next four 
to five years.  
As part of Brigade Group, we have always been ESG conscious across all our business verticals. 
Continuing this commitment at BHVL, we are proud to announce that our entire portfolio is now 
EDGE-certified, marking a significant milestone in our journey towards sustainable and resource 
efficient development. 
EDGE, which stands for Excellence in Design for Greater Efficiencies, is a globally recognized 
green building standard developed by the IFC, or International Finance Corporation. This 
certificate reflects our success in reducing energy and water usage by 20% or more, as well as 
lowering embodied carbon in our materials, demonstrating measurable impact and 
environmental leadership.  
With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO – Mr. Ananda Natarajan, for a detailed financial 
highlight. Thank you. 
Ananda Natarajan: 
Thank you, Nirupa. And good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of the company, we would like to 
welcome you to the Earnings Call of Q1 FY 2026. Our Managing Director, Ms. Nirupa Shankar, 
has already shared operational highlights.  
I will be sharing key financial highlights for the quarter.  
To start with the consolidated financial performance for Quarter 1 FY ‘26, the consolidated 
income for Quarter 1 FY ’26 stood at INR. 125 crores against INR. 102.2 crores in Q1 FY ‘25, 
an increase of 22.3%. The consolidated EBITDA for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR.41.8 crores as 
against INR.33.6 crores in Q1 FY '25, an increase of 24.4%. 
EBITDA margin for the Quarter 1 FY ‘26 stood at 33.4%, against 32.9% in Q1 FY ‘25, an 
increase of 56 basis points.  
Consolidated PAT was INR. 7.2 crores versus a loss of INR. 5.8 crores for the same quarter last 
financial year. Consolidated PAT after minority interest stood at INR. 6.2 crores as compared to 
a loss of INR. 4.9 crores in Q1 FY ‘25.  
Turning to the debt position and its breakup.  
The consolidated gross debt of the company stood at INR. 6.33 crores as on 30th  June, 2025. 
The cash and cash equivalent stood at INR. 16 crores. Therefore, the company’s net debt 
outstanding as on 30th  June, 2025 is INR. 617 crores. Based on the object of the issue, we have 
repaid the entire institutional debt of INR. 468 crores. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
With the continued robust cash flow from operations and availability of IPO funds, the company 
has a strong liquidity position to meet its expansion plans. 
With this, I will hand it back to the moderator for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you very much, ma’am. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on your touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the Question queue you may press “*” and “2”. 
Participants, I request you to use handsets while asking the question. We have a first question 
from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. My first question is on our upcoming pipeline of hotels given 
the plan to double our hotel pipeline over the next few years. Could you give us some idea on 
what is the planned CAPEX either on a per room basis or on a cumulative basis absolutely for 
this? And how are we looking to fund this in the coming years? So, that is the first question, 
thank you. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. Thank you, Adhidev. So, basically this fill be funded through debt and internal accruals, 
the CAPEX required varies from hotel to hotel. While we are not in a position to give the exact 
amount of overall CAPEX requirement for all the nine hotels, what we can say is on average 
construction cost for brands such as Fairfield is around Rs. 65 lakhs a key, that is the cost of 
construction per key. And for the higher end hotels like what we have already declared like the 
Grand Hyatt, InterCon and Ritz-Carlton, on an average basis, the cost of construction per key 
could be around Rs. 1.75 crores to Rs. 2 crores a key. That is the data that we can give at the 
moment. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. The second question is in terms of the demand, considering we had some recovery in July 
last year, right? Post the lull in the Q1, right, at an industry level. Are you seeing the demand 
shaping up in the current quarter, if you could just give us some flavor, where we are on a year-
on-year basis. Yes, thank you. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, so this year is going as per plan, I would say. As you know, with the hotel industry, H1 is 
generally a slower H2 part of the year. But we expect that the second quarter to also go as per 
expectations. I mean, I am happy to say that there was good recovery in Q1 despite the 
geopolitical issue. But in Q2, we are seeing healthy demand, as we expect to see in Q2 of every 
fiscal year. So, it will be a little lower than what we typically see in Q3 and Q4. But it is going 
as per expectations. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. And just to follow-up, any impact of any festivals or anything on the business of a spot or 
not? If you could quantify on a Y-o-Y basis if there is any, because sometimes it does tend to 
impact the demand on the business side. Not on a leisure, of course, but that is what now. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, so typically, if you look at October, you have Dusshera and Diwali coming in the same 
month. So, it is likely that we will see lower occupancies for the month of October, because 
Dusshera and Diwali come in the same month and there are long weekends. So, typically, we do 
expect to see a drop during that time. But November and December should be robust months 
and hopefully, will make up for whatever reduction we see in October. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
 Sure. Fine. Thank you. I will come back in the queue, if I have more questions. All the best. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghav Malik: 
Yes, hi. So, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. The first 
question was just on the pipeline. It appears that most of the hotels are a bit more on the premium 
side. So, is there any some significant change in RevPAR that we can kind of expect moving 
forward or in the ARRs as we add these slightly more premium hotels? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, I think going forward with the kind of portfolio we have, the kind of ARRs that we can see 
or that we expect to get once the hotels come up will be significantly higher than our current 
average ADRs. As you know, the current portfolio has quite a few hotels in Tier-II, Tier-III 
markets, where the rates are much lower, I would say around Rs. 5,000 - Rs. 5,500 for some of 
the hotels in Tier-II and Tier-III markets. But once the new hotels come up, they are all in the 5-
star luxury deluxe category. And we expect that the portfolio will see a significant increase in 
the ADR once the new hotels come up. And of course, RevPAR. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay, understood. And just some clarity on the F&B mix for the quarter. So, we have seen a 
very strong surge in F&B versus room revenue, 32% as per your PPT. So, is there any specific 
reason for that or is that something that we can expect going forward, similar trend kind of going 
forward? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, so currently F&B contributes about 33% of our overall top line. And of course, last quarter, 
we saw healthy growth of 32% from the previous quarter. There were a couple of large scale 
events that the hotel was awarded, I mean, these are all outdoor catering events. And this is 
business that we do want to go after, because with the existing infrastructure, we can enhance 
the F&B revenue to very good double digit growth. And this is something we will go after. But 
in Q1, particularly, there were some large catering events and MICE events that we were able to 
get awarded for our properties. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay, so going forward, the room and F&B mix will be a bit more, like the gap will close up a 
little bit probably. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, the existing infrastructure is the same. We are trying to enhance more F&B revenue because 
like I said, this can be increased despite having the same infrastructure. But again, once the new 
set of hotels come up, when you have more 5-star, deluxe, luxury category hotels, the F&B 
contribution to room contribution could be 50-50. Currently, some of our portfolios are in the 
smart business 5-star and 4-star categories. There, the F&B contribution is generally a lot lower, 
like 27% to 30%.  
 
So, on average, our portfolio today currently stands at 33% F&B contribution. But we are very 
cognizant that F&B is a high growth segment. So, we will continue to focus on enhancing the 
revenues from this segment. And definitely in our new hotels, we plan to add a lot more F&B 
and MICE, that is how we are designing them. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay, understood. That is very clear. Thank you. Yes. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhishek Shankar from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shankar: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I just wanted to know on your Slide Number #8, where 
the occupancy states that there is a 10 bps drop, right? I just wanted to understand that your 
hotels are concentrated more on South of India. So, am I missing something or is it like what 
impacted the occupancy then? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, in general, what we did is you will see that our rate for many of our hotels have gone up. It 
is, so typically what we like to see, and I think what we need to focus on is also a RevPARgrowth 
increase. So, in our case, many of our hotels are double digit ARR growth rates. In some cases, 
that is offset by lower occupancy. So, it is always a, I would say a give and take play between 
ADR and occupancy. So, I would not get too concerned with the lowering of occupancy because 
sometimes the hotels could have had 80% plus occupancy, and now they may have come down 
to maybe a 75% occupancy. 
 
So, overall, I would say since we have seen a growth in RevPAR, I think it is a good indication. 
What we can expect to see is we will continue to have this play. There was some dip in 
occupancy also because, some rooms might have gotten canceled because of the geopolitical 
issue. But we have made it up in terms of the ADR and the overall revenue.  
 
So, overall, the portfolios are at a very healthy 75% occupancy, which we expect that by the end 
of the fiscal year, it will be much higher than this. So, portfolio-wide, having a high 70% plus 
occupancy is still very healthy. 
Abhishek Shankar: 
Okay, sure. Thanks. That was from my side. Thank you so much. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vikas Jain from Reliance Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Jain: 
Yes, good afternoon, everyone. So, I just wanted to know, you mentioned that the Rs. 60 lakhs 
is for the Fairfield key and Rs. 1.5 crores to Rs. 2 crores for the other part of the hotels. So, what 
is the average breakeven period for any hotel you look at when you watch out for any visibility? 
And if you can throw some light on the average room rate going forward. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Sorry, could you repeat the second part of your question? 
Vikas Jain: 
The average room rate going forward over the next two quarters or three quarters or maybe next 
two years, what will it look like? Because with new facilities, I mean, up in the metro cities. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. So, for the first part, the operational breakeven, we try to get in quarter two or quarter three 
itself. So, operationally, we expect the hotel to breakeven in quarter two. But overall, for the 
entire hotel, it is hard to say at what occupancy it will breakeven, because it depends on the rate. 
So, again, it typically depends on a rate cum occupancy game.  
 
And the second part of the question on the ADR. ADR, we expect to see low double-digit growth 
year-on-year because the portfolio has been operational for quite some time. We think that it 
will be a double-digit growth, but low double-digit growth, I would say. 
Vikas Jain: 
Okay. So, it will be maybe in the range of around 10% to 15% or even more than that? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
These are luxury hotels, it depends on the market, when we look at, say, a Ritz-Carlton, they are 
highly high-end deluxe exclusive category. So, we have to wait and see what the market will be 
at that point in time. But we have taken down our market study to understand what the expected 
rate should be. If you study the Hyderabad and the Chennai market, especially on ECR market 
in Chennai and the Hyderabad HITEC City or Financial District market, you know that the hotels 
are doing extremely well. 
 
Currently, they are doing rates of maybe even Rs. 18,000 to Rs. 20,000. So, there is nothing to 
suggest that we cannot expect similar rates or maybe even higher considering that our hotels will 
come in sometime maybe 3.5 years from now. So, those are the things we have underwritten at. 
But of course, it really depends on the market at that point in time. But we expect it to grow 
significantly is all I can say without giving an exact number at this point. 
Vikas Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot and all the best. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghav Malik: 
Yes, hi. Thanks again. So, just a specific question on Ibis Styles which was opened more 
recently. How is that property tracking currently? And yes, I will sort of follow-up on Ibis. I will 
come back after answering. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, we are quite happy with the way it has performed because it is still in the first year of 
operations. It literally opened in October of last year and already we are seeing an occupancy of 
close to 70%. It is currently 68%, but that is a very healthy operate occupancy percentage for a 
hotel that is just been open hardly for two quarters to three quarters. And rates, the Mysuru 
average rates is around Rs. 4,500 odd, so the hotel is tracking around there. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay, understood. And also, is there any plan to I mean, some of the newer hotels that we add, 
will any of them be from like, in partnership of with the Ibis portfolio, given that they recently 
announced that they will be significantly adding hotels in the next couple of years. Is there a 
potential opportunity to expand the partnership with this brand? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, currently, as you know, we have the nine hotels planned and none of them are with the IBIS 
portfolio. So, I am sure all the hotel chains are growing quite rapidly. So, we already have a 
strong partnership with Accor, Marriott, IHG and of course now, Hyatt as well. As of now, we 
are not signing any new hotels with Ibis Styles. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay.  
Nirupa Shankar: 
I said most of our hotels are going to be in the upscale category in the 4-star, 5-star and 5-star 
deluxe category. I would put Ibis in a more mid-market, I would say. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay, understood. So, we will be going more on the premium side. Got it. And just one more 
question, if I may. So, recently, there is a lot of job cuts that we are seeing in the IT sector. And 
we do have some weightage of hotels in Bengaluru and Hyderabad, particularly. So, is there any 
impact that we are seeing of that on maybe RevPARs or ARRs for in the last month or two 
month? How would that be tracking and particularly maybe the impact on MICE as well? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, the hotels have been doing very well, even in all the major business markets, we understand 
that Bengaluru used to be very dependent on just the IT services industry. But now, with the 
advent of the number of GCCs, Bengaluru is the city in India with the highest number of GCCs 
entering the market. Apart from that, co-working brands - a lot of office requirement is being 
taken up by co-working brands and India facing brands and India-led companies. So, the 
dependency, I would say on IT and IT services be it in the office market and then in the hotel 
market is reducing. There are more industries coming up like the financial services, like pharma, 
like biotech, a lot of deep tech companies. So, I would say, overall, dependency on IT and IT 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
services has reduced. And we have not seen any softening of demand in our properties, be it in 
Bengaluru or Chennai.  
Manoj Agarwal: 
Hi, this is Manoj here. Just to add on to this point, right now our portfolio is very well diversified 
in terms of the segmentation and in terms of geographical also, although we are only in the 
southern cities. But in southern cities also it is well diversified between leisure and business and 
Tier-I and Tier-II cities.  
 
And with very conscious effort, our segmentation is also very well diversified, meaning our 
corporate segmentation, I mean, the business from corporate segment is we have kept it at around 
one-third and the rest of it is a mix of retail and the groups and crew. So, I would say, our 
dependency on corporate business per se is not that much. And having said that, during the 
quarter, we have not seen any softening of corporate demand as well that has remained at a very 
healthy level. 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay, understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from Abhishek Khanna from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Hi. Ma’am, I just wanted to understand, is there a strategic shift in the thinking where you are 
moving from being a mid-tier focused hospitality company to a more premium/luxury focused 
company because you are adding a lot more products, Carlton, JW, Marriott, etc., which we have 
in our pipeline. So, there seems to be a strategic shift, but is that by choice or by the location of 
your land parcel/assets where you are building that? Second, if yes, what is the rationale behind 
that shift? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. See, definitely it is an effort that we have thought about. And what I can say is that typically 
we are opportunistic about the hotels that we are developing. So, if the micro market where we 
are looking to build makes sense for a 5-star luxury deluxe, then we go ahead and do that. 
 
I am just going to give you the example of, say, the Grand Hyatt Chennai in ECR. I would say 
pre-COVID, it was not a very strong leisure market. I mean, there were average ADR was around 
Rs. 8,000 or Rs. 9,000 or so. Post-COVID market dynamics have changed and the market 
dynamics have sustained. Many people thought post-COVID leisure would do well only for a 
short period of time, but it is sustained. And now the rates, say, in that micro market are 
extremely healthy. 
 
They are in the high, 18,0000 – 20,000  as I mentioned earlier, some much higher, but I am just 
giving a conservative number. So, then we believe that that property can take a Grand Hyatt. 
Now, for instance, near the Airport, where we have an upper midscale brand - Fairfield by 
Marriott coming up and in the other micro market in Brigade Valencia, where we do another 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Fairfield, those micro markets cannot take 5-star luxury deluxe properties. Or rather, we have, 
especially in Electronic City in Bommasandra, that market, we believe is best suited for a brand 
like Fairfield, which is like a 4-star hotel that we would be developing. Near the Airport, we 
found that there were a lot of 5-stars already, and we wanted to do a very MICE driven 4-star 
hotel like Marriott.  
 
So, for us, we take our decision based on every micro market. And we do believe that having 
larger hotels with more F&B, when you do large 5-star deluxe hotels, you can add more F&B, 
you can add more MICE, and that supports the overall hotel as well. So, it is very micro market 
dependent, I would say. And we take a call based on each micro market and wherever we get 
the land. So, I would say the positioning, the brand, everything is decided based on the location 
of the hotel and what that micro market demands. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Sure. And for the future land acquisitions that you would look to make or you would be 
considering, would you be focusing on city centers, Tier-I cities, I think? I mean, I understand it 
depends on the location, but at least in terms of the direction, would you be focusing more on 
locations, which are CBD or the ones that can support such 5-star properties? Or you could do 
either, whether it is a mid-scale centric location or it is a luxury specific location? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, we are currently evaluating multiple opportunities. We are looking at some potential leisure 
markets. We are also open to looking at other locations in Tier-I cities. We are not currently 
looking at too many Tier-II markets, I would say, unless it is like a major leisure destination. So, 
I would say the primary focus would be on strong leisure or pleasure where you have strong 
leisure and business markets or it would be your Tier-I cities. As of now, we are not looking too 
much at the Tier-II business cities. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Sure. And just lastly, just a related one to this. So, while we understand your luxury/premium 
hotels would do incrementally better in terms of the absolute earnings as well as maybe the 
EBITDA margins that they could deliver, on the return wise metric, maybe the return on capital 
that you are putting in, is there a conclusive reasoning to say that maybe a luxury property does 
better versus a mid-tier property, or it just depends on how well you are able to perform in either 
of these hotels? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, it depends on so many things, the land cost, the CAPEX that you put in. I would say between 
the land cost and the CAPEX itself would account for significant of the upfront investment. So, 
then it really depends based on the CAPEX and land. So, we also take a call on the brand, 
depending on the cost of land, etc. So, for instance, you would not put a budget hotel on land 
that is very expensive. So, whether we do a 4-star, 5-star, 5-star luxury deluxe, I think the metrics 
and the return expectations would be similar. 

 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Abhishek Khanna: 
All right. Sure. That makes sense. And were those return expectations are, maybe second year, 
third year, whatever way you track it internally, is there a return on capital employed metric that 
you track for maybe the mature asset? Is there a number that you could share? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. Typically, we do our IRR thresholds and we also do the payback period, etc. But generally, 
by the third year, we expect that the hotel should at least start repaying its debt, should be able 
to stand on its own two feet. And we have high team return expectations from all asset classes, 
annuity income asset classes, etc. I would say. So, it is no different for hospitality. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
All right. Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj 
Agarwal, COO for closing comment. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you all very much for joining us in this first earnings call post our listing 
and listening to us about our performance and the growth plans. It has been a great quarter for 
us as not only we have delivered a strong operational performance, but after our successful IPO 
closing, we have a strong balance sheet and capital structure to prudently execute our growth 
strategy.  
 
We continue to believe that long term value in hospitality is created by owning the right assets 
in the right location and at the right build cost. With a robust development pipeline in place and 
supportive industry tailwinds to aid the performance growth, we are very well positioned to build 
on this momentum and create sustained value for all our stakeholders.  
 
Thank you all. Thank you very much. And thanks for attending the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
