 
 
 
 
Ref- FWIL/SEC/2025-26/36 
Date: August 04, 2025 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code : 544030 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.  
Symbol : FLAIR 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Call held on July 29, 2025 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s),  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, copy of transcript of the Investor call 
held on Tuesday, July 29, 2025 at 12 p.m. (Indian Standard Time) to discuss Company’s 
performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 is enclosed. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
Vishal Kishor Chanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
VISHAL 
KISHOR 
CHANDA
Digitally signed 
by VISHAL 
KISHOR CHANDA 
Date: 2025.08.04 
15:50:55 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Flair Writing Industries Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIMALCHAND RATHOD – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. MOHIT RATHOD - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT RATHOD – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ALPESH PORWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. DARSHI JAIN – MUFG INTIME 
 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Flair Writing Industries Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Darshi Jain from MUFG Intime. Thank you, and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Darshi Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Flair Writing Industries Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. Today on the call we have Mr. Vimalchand Rathod, Managing 
Director; Mr. Mohit Rathod, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sumit Rathod, Whole-Time Director; 
and Mr. Alpesh Porwal, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
A short disclaimer before we start this call. This call will contain some forward-looking 
statements, which may be based upon our beliefs, opinion and expectations of the company as 
of today. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and will involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the conference call to Mr. Vimalchand Rathod, the 
Managing Director, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vimalchand Rathod: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I want to express my gratitude to all the participants who have joined 
the call. I hope everyone had the opportunity to go through our investor presentation and press 
release that have been uploaded on the exchange. 
 
We delivered strong revenue growth in Q1 FY '26, mainly driven by our own brand portfolio. It 
was heartening to see that both domestic and export markets demonstrated robust demand of our 
branded products. This quarter has been particularly a standout quarter for our Creative segment 
as new product innovations over the past year are finding their foothold in the market while the 
existing product portfolio continued to mature. 
 
Additionally, ramped up in-house manufacturing of Creative products have allowed us to 
respond more effectively to growing consumer demand and strengthen our position in the 
segment. We achieved broader segment growth in all the 3 business verticals with new product 
launches catering to a wide spectrum of customers. 
 
Our capex time line remains on track with construction already underway at our new 
manufacturing facility at Valsad spanning around 2 lakh square feet. As part of this expansion, 
we have placed orders of 60 injection molding machines, molds and assembly machines. This 
investment will greatly boost our production capacity and drive further growth in the coming 
quarters. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Given flexible nature of our production and machinery, the upcoming facility will benefit both 
pen segment as well as Creative segment. I will further our commitment to increase shares of 
in-house Creative manufacturing. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Alpesh Porwal, our CFO, to discuss in detail about our Q1 FY 
'26 financial performance. Thank you. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Moving to the consolidated performance of the company for Q1 
FY '26. Revenue from operations for Q1 '26 was at INR288.5 crores, an increase of 16.8% year-
on-year compared to the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
 
Gross profit for the quarter was INR144.2 crores, which increased by 17.3% over corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. Gross profit margin came in at 50%, closer to the historical range 
of previous financial years, mainly due to a change of product mix in favor of certain higher-
value products. Gross profit margin was approximately 24 bps higher year-on-year and 138 bps 
higher sequentially. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR49.5 crores registering a growth of 17.9% year-on-year 
compared to the corresponding quarter of the previous year. EBITDA margin was at 17.2%, 16 
bps higher compared to Q1 FY '25 and 146 bps higher sequentially compared to Q4 FY '25. 
Profit after tax for the quarter was at INR29 crores increasing by 10.5% on a year-on-year basis. 
PAT margins for the quarter was 10%. 
 
On the qualitative front for the results, the overall revenue growth is in line with our stated 
growth guidance for 15% to 16% CAGR over the medium term, driven by a mix of stable 
compounders and high-growth achievers. 
 
There are certain areas, which I would like to throw light on. About our employee expenses, as 
stated in the previous call, we have been working towards stabilizing employee expenses. During 
this quarter, Employee expenses registered a 5.4% increase on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Going forward, we remain focused on maintaining this cost at a steady level. 
 
While employee cost seems to have risen sharply when compared to Q1 FY '26, this growth has 
been underpinned by rising head count and hikes, which includes rise in sales and marketing 
team as well as manufacturing workforce as we look to quickly scale up our 2 divisions that is 
Creative and Steel Bottles through higher in-house manufacturing. 
 
Both these businesses delivered very high growth during the quarter, and it is for these scenarios 
for which we have been investing in our teams and would look to do so in the near future as 
well. However, as guided earlier, the sequential pace of increase will tend to moderate as we 
enjoy an operating lever as the year progresses. 
 
Overall, our other expenses grew modestly over the previous year and saw a decline over the Q4 
FY '25. While I would refrain from commenting over the quarter-to-quarter trend of expenses, 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
however, I wish to emphasize something. Over a period, you would see expenses associated to 
higher in-house manufacturing increase and being balanced out by a reduction in job work 
charges. This gives us a greater operational control. 
 
However, at the same time, we would also be open to leveraging the option of job work to meet 
a swell in demand. It's a mix of proactive and reactive decision making, but it is important to us 
given the dynamic market condition with respect to consumer needs and new emerging trends. 
 
Thus, while absolute numbers may rise as the business scales up, we do not foresee any sudden 
spikes in expenses. We are confident that the EBITDA margin trajectory will be maintained and 
will glide upwards as the year progresses. 
 
Through past couple of quarters, our organization has been undergoing qualitative business 
transformation. This process is fuelled out of the need to build dependable pillars as we look to 
enter the next phase of growth. You may be aware of the more pronounced aspects of this plan: 
beat our ongoing capex cycle, augmenting our teams, increasing our range of products and 
entering into high potential segments. 
 
However, let me also share with you some of the softer aspects of this transformative journey. 
As part of our sustainability and growth initiatives, we have installed a rooftop solar system with 
a capacity of 1.85 megawatts at an approximate cost of INR4.5 crores. This investment is 
expected to reduce our dependence on grid electricity and lead to a measurable decrease in Scope 
2 GHG emissions apart from bringing cost efficiencies. 
 
Besides the rooftop solar project, we have in the recent past invested in institutionalized practices 
such as rainwater harvesting and have started robust effluent treatment plants, ETPs, to recycle 
water within our operations. 
 
Besides integrating sustainability within our operations, we are also leveraging technology in 
our operations. There has been an increased focus on automation within production and 
assembly lines to enhance efficiency. We already had a dedicated field force application to 
enhance the efficiency and accountability of our sales and marketing teams. The digital tool 
facilitates real-time tracking of secondary sales, daily coverage reporting and a generation of 
actionable MIS reports. 
 
Also, we have recently kick-started a major digital transformation initiative through the 
replacement of our legacy ERP system, which will be undertaken shortly. This transformation 
will span multiple functional areas, providing a more cohesive platform for decision-making. It 
will also enable us to streamline business processes with a particular focus on manufacturing. 
Environment stewardship combined with effective technology implementation will further 
improve our organizational agility. 
 
Now on the business segment highlights. Our Own Brand sales have continued a strong upward 
trajectory with consistent growth across both the domestic market and export market. Overall, 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
our Own Brand sales grew by 23% year-on-year to INR264 crores. We are pleased to see strong 
performance from the export market similar to domestic market, registering a heartening 
rebound from stable growth of the previous financial year. 
 
Coming to our OEM sales. Overall OEM sales declined by 24% year-on-year, driven largely by 
the decline in domestic OEM sales, specifically related to our pen OEM customer. Export OEM 
was stable at INR17 crores in Q1 FY '26 compared to INR18 crores in Q1 FY '25. 
 
Coming on to the product segments. Pens business, the pens segment grew 3% year-on-year to 
INR202 crores for Q1 FY '26. During this quarter, we released 8 new pens across all 3 price 
segments, mass, mid-premium and premium. 
 
Because the pens segment's revenue is made up of different pieces, some nuance is necessary 
from our side without getting into specifics of numbers. 
 
First, the Own Brand sales, specifically domestic Own Brand sales, which forms the largest part 
of the pie. Domestic Own Brand sales grew in high single digit with a mix of both volume and 
value growth. 
 
Second, our Own Brand export sales, which grew strongly in high double digits. This was a very 
encouraging rebound from the past year, which was largely marked by geopolitical turmoil. 
Traditionally, Latam and Middle East have been important contributing markets. We're actively 
trying to diversify our presence by exploring new countries that are underserved and show good 
potential. 
 
Third, export OEM. We share a long-standing relationship with our export team partners, as you 
all are well versed. In the quarter, this piece of business was stable, and in fact, grew marginally. 
Fourth, domestic OEM of which pens is a part of and this was a sort of growth laggard during 
the quarter. It saw a material decline, but as previously stated, we have not taken its contribution 
while setting up for our consolidated growth expectations set for the medium-term guidance. 
 
With respect to the domestic OEM pens segment, we are quite confident of creating alternating 
channels through other segments that would support our overall business. We achieved our 
revenue growth guidance in quarter despite domestic OEM pens segment being impacted. 
 
In terms of new diversified revenue channel, we have distribution partnership with Maped for 
the Creative products, which will be revenue accretive. However, let me preface that currently 
it is at a nascent stage and we will develop this business over time and thus it, too, will further 
contribute to our revenue. 
 
Other than Maped, there is still some capex underway at Flomaxe Stationery's facility in Surat 
for a new range of products within pencils. With its commencement expected soon, it, too, will 
further provide an additional revenue stream. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Thus, overall, as these new channels mature further, we are confident that we would be 
undeterred from achieving our consolidated revenue growth expectations of 14% to 15%. Next, 
our standout, the Creative segment. The Creative segment achieved impressive growth of 77% 
year-on-year growth for Q1 FY '26. The revenue contribution stood at INR65 crores for the 
quarter. 
 
We expanded our product portfolio by introducing 6 fresh offerings under the Creative range 
during the quarter. As on June 30, 2026, we have a total of 223 product offerings in Creative. 
Our focus within the segment is twofold: introduce new innovative products and build in-house 
manufacturing capability. 
 
Amongst the product categories, we are approaching pencils with a renewed focus by also 
leveraging our strategic venture in Flomaxe Stationery. We believe our strength in pens will 
translate us to being another major player within the broader pencil space in the near future. 
Coming to steel bottle segment. We continued to scale the steel bottle segment as the revenue 
contribution for the quarter increased by 55% year-on-year to INR13 crores. 
 
We are consistently working to expand our portfolio base and strengthen our distribution 
network. Consumer demand alternates between single-walled and double-walled bottles based 
on the season, and our goal is to have a very comprehensive portfolio of attractive and innovative 
products in bottles, flasks, mugs, etc, catering to wider corporate and educational sector. 
 
Looking back at the quarter, we are pleased with our business performance and look forward to 
building on this growth trajectory. We remain well equipped to scale as a resilient organization 
that is known for its ability to deliver standout quality products from time to time all the time. 
 
Thank you. And I request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead.  
Sneha Talreja: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers, both on the revenue as well as margin front. Just a 
couple of questions from my end. While you've seen a great amount of growth in Creatives, on 
other side, your OEM business, both in the domestic and the export side, seem to be down on a 
Q-o-Q basis. Could you give some color on that? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. Thank you. So answering your question on the OEM front. So as we mentioned in the last 
couple of quarter calls also that, as far as the domestic front is concerned, in our growth 
projection, we haven't taken any of that factor into consideration that will hamper our growth 
going forward. 
 
But yes, when we talk about exports, it's been stabilized. Of course, OEM is a major chunk in 
export business and it has stabilized over the years. And I think going forward also, we're going 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
to see a consistent level of business in OEM. There's not going to be a major change in OEM as 
far as the exports is concerned. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. Secondly, on the Creative side, of course, you've guided for 40% growth during the 
year, but you have started on a great note of 77-odd percent. What's driving this growth? And 
on an annualized basis, would you like to revise your numbers or guidance? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So basically, in Creative segment, as we mentioned in the last couple of quarter calls that 
we are building our in-house capacity for meeting the demand of Creative products in all the 
categories that we have entered, be it from the scholastic range of pencils, erasers, sharpeners, 
geo boxes, to the office supply ranges, to the kits and the coloring range. So all the category we 
are doing, the demand has been very, very positive. 
 
So the overall contribution of 77% growth in Q1 is because of those factors. And also at last 
couple of products, which we have launched in last few quarters have been doing exceedingly 
well. And going forward also, we are expecting a similar trend. 
 
Of course, when we compare Q1 last year, it was -- the base was low. But going forward, we're 
going to streamline at 45%, 50% growth going forward. 
Sneha Talreja: 
That's helpful. Thirdly, on the employee expenses, I recall you stating in the last con call also 
that you're building up a new division, be it steel bottles, be it Creatives. And that is where you 
are seeing around 30-odd percent growth on a Y-o-Y basis on this employee expenses side. But 
what's the run rate likely to stabilize at as we move forward? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
As far as the employees are concerned, see, with the higher employee expenses on a year-on-
year basis on account of strengthening of sales and marketing teams in the period, overall, 
employee head count increased and given trend of higher in-house manufacturing also which 
added to the increase in the wages and salary hikes. And if I were to talk about -- can you repeat 
the question once again, Sneha? 
Sneha Talreja: 
Just wanted to understand what would be the annualized level of employee expenses? Can we 
see further increases happening even from here? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
No. The employee expense what we have put is optimal amount here. Like I said, we would not 
shy away if we have to kind of add employees. But as of today, this number has moderated. And 
going forward, it will be within these moderated limits. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. And just last question, if at all, I may. On the steel bottles front, as far as I 
understand, this is purely driven by the domestic market? Any visibility that now we have found 
from the exports OEM side? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So for the steel bottle perspective, yes, we are trying to have a little traction in the international 
market as well. But I think still our major concentration is still more towards the domestic front. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
And still, there's a long way to go only in the domestic front as well. But we are trying to open 
new avenues in the export market as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities. 
Aradhana Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is on the pens segment. If we see that the pens 
segment has just grown by 3% and the guidance that was given was around 9-10% for the entire 
year, so do you think that you will be able to still reach that 9%-10% growth with just 3% growth 
in the first quarter? 
 
And given that the domestic OEM in the pens segment has seen a bit of drag because that has 
not done well for us, so do you think that will revise from these levels? Or should the overall 
14%-15% growth be driven by the other 2 categories and pens would still be in the maybe 5%-
6% range for the overall year? That's my first question. 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So thank you, Aradhana. So to answer your question regarding the pen growth, we would 
still stick to the guidance what we have stated in high single-digit growth. Of course, OEM was 
a drag considering the other 2 categories doing well in terms of Creative and houseware at 77% 
and 55% growth. But yes, the OEM overall was a drag in the pen category. 
 
But the growth -- if we look at the overall growth barring OEMs, we are still at the single-digit 
-- high single-digit growth, which we had projected. So as far as the traction is concerned in the 
domestic market as well as the export market, the traction is still the same. It's extremely good 
what we have been saying for the last 2 quarters we're going to continue the same level of traction 
next few quarters as well. So overall, the guidance for the pens would remain the same as what 
we have guided during the early -- yes. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And how much of your pens segment growth was value and volume? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So if you look at the overall thing when we talk about 3%, it was mainly a value growth. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. So... 
Mohit Rathod: 
Because of the drag in the OEM thing. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And how much of the contribution was from above INR10 category and the INR5 and INR10 
category, like what is the sort of mix? 
Mohit Rathod: 
See, same as compared to what we did in Q4. There is no change in the ratio between the mass 
and mid-premium and premium category. We are still at a similar level of what we did in Q4. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Q4. Close to like 50%, or 60% coming from pens? 
Mohit Rathod: 
It was 62% and 38%. 
Aradhana Jain: 
62% coming from sub INR10. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Mohit Rathod: 
From mass, yes. INR10 category, yes. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. And team, I wanted to understand on the Own Brand segment, what I understand is that, 
obviously, the Own Brand segment is better margin business for us, right? So given like the 
contribution of Own Brand has increased from, say, 87% to 91% in this quarter, why have the 
margins not improved in line with the improvement in the Own Brand contribution going up? 
Like is the understanding correct? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Are you referring to the PAT or you're referring to EBITDA? The EBITDA is clear... 
Aradhana Jain: 
I'm saying Own Brand business contribution has gone up on a year-on-year basis. Like last year, 
fourth quarter, the contribution of Own Brand was around 87%. This quarter, it's around 91%. 
So I'm just trying to understand that will that not help in also improving our margins or there is 
no direct correlation with Own Brand business going up and margin? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So Aradhana, just to add here, since our Own Branded business is going up and also we need to 
understand the fact that we are also entering into a lot of new Creative categories where we are 
new in terms of the new verticals within the stationery category, where as a new entrant, we 
have to let go in terms of margin, but we are focusing more on the market share in that category. 
 
So overall, if you look at it, yes, there is an improvement in overall EBITDA level margins 
compared to what we did in Q1 '25. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. Just 2 more questions from my end, one is on the steel bottles. The last 3 quarters, if I see 
we've been hovering around the INR12-13 crores number. So what is the expectation for the 
entire given that you were expecting like a 50% CAGR growth in the steel bottles segment, that 
would take us to closer to the INR70-odd crores number for the entire year. 
 
So are we still in line to reach those sort of numbers? Because if I see the current run rate, we 
close maybe to INR55 crores, INR60-odd crores. So how are we expecting the growth in the 
steel bottles segment to improve from the current levels because it's been stagnated in the last 3 
quarters. 
Sumit Rathod: 
So currently, I would say, from the overall perspective, we are still targeting and going to 
maintain the same growth trajectory that we have mentioned earlier.  Regarding the current 
quarter, I would say still there's a lot of material in the market from the import perspective, which 
was already in the market, which is slowly getting lower in the market. 
 
But one of the good positive notes from our side is that we are getting a lot of traction in terms 
of volume growth as well as a little bit of a value growth. And we are penetrating more and more 
into the domestic market, and we are getting a lot of traction even for the new range of models 
that we have launched in the last quarter. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
And going forward, I think we are going to increase. As we keep on increasing our portfolio in 
terms of the product list, I think this traction will keep on increasing. And we are quite confident 
that we'll maintain the trajectory that we have aimed for. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Sure. Just last thing. In terms of guidance, is it fair to assume that the pens segment will 
contribute like close to 9%, 10% for the entire year? Are we like -- I just wanted to understand 
in terms of whether we are sustaining our guidance or not segment-wise. 
 
So 9%, 10% of growth in pens; 30%, 35% of growth in Creative; and a 50% growth in steel 
bottles. Is it fair to assume that we'll be able to deliver on these sort of growth? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes, Aradhana, we are maintaining our guidance. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And the EBITDA margins closer to 17.2%, 17.5% range? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So yes, as the operating leverage kicks in, we would try to maintain the EBITDA level margins. 
Yes. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And any sense on how much of the Creative business is coming from the Disney products and 
Maped like in terms of contribution, any sense? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
No. We just mentioned that Maped is at a nascent stage. So while we build the market for these 
Maped products, which is a different range of products, we are testing the waters, we're testing 
the market. And once we are kind of through, we will see the accretion from Maped also. 
Mohit Rathod: 
It's too early to stay. I think in the coming quarters, you will see more of a traction from Maped 
sales. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And Disney? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Disney is stable of what we were doing earlier in the last past few quarters. So the main traction 
what you see in Q1 is mainly in our Own Brand. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sir, my first question is on your Creative business. It doesn't seem that you're winning market 
share or the growth that you're seeing is by aggressively discounting because we have not really 
seen any impact on margins. 
 
So if you could possibly expand in terms of what you're doing right, what product gap you are 
able to address effectively. And also, who do you think, in your opinion, you're taking away 
market share from basis the market research you might have done. 
 
And also, we are hearing more legacy pen players also trying to enter into the creative and office 
supply range. So how do you sort of plan to again continuously grow in this segment? That will 
be my first question. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. Thank you, Jaiveer. So answering your question regarding the Creative, as we mentioned 
that in last couple of quarters, we have entered into many verticals, be it geo boxes, wooden 
pencils, the kit categories. So all those categories are performing well. 
 
So overall, if you see the kind of growth what we got in Q1 is to do a lot with the kind of 
innovation and the kind of the freshness we have bought to the entire product portfolio. And 
when we talk about the market share, I would say we are gaining market share. And at the same 
time, we are also gaining -- benefiting from the overall increase in the market industry as a 
whole. So I wouldn't pinpoint any particular competitor. But yes, it's overall, the market is also 
doing well. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Understood. Second, on your expenses, I see that there is a sequential Q-o-Q decline that has 
happened. How much of that is due to the shift to the in-house manufacturing from job work 
which you were doing earlier? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
We won't have the exact numbers of the shift because -- from in-house... 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Or if there are any larger reasons, which has driven that decline in expenses? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Other expenses is because of the job work charges, et cetera. We have rationalized the employee 
expenses. So Jaiveer, to just answer your question, if I understood correctly, let me know. But 
then, if you're talking of other expenses, the major part is job work, which is a part of the other 
expenses. And then it has gone down because that's where we see we're bringing our 
optimization in the -- leveraging and optimization in the employee cost. 
 
And employee cost when I say -- if I were to look at the total employee cost is the line item 
which you see is the employee benefit and the other one is when it comes from other expenses, 
the job work which appears in other expenses. Yes, and as the in-house production increases, 
we will see the expenses coming down gradually. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Understood. Very well understood. Last question, could you talk about your existing capacities, 
which you have across all these segments? And then given that you have outlined INR80 crores, 
INR90 crores, I mean, how would those capacities impose that? 
Sumit Rathod 
So from the overall perspective from the capacity, I think in the steel bottles, as we have 
mentioned earlier, the steel bottles segment, we still have the capacity in line to grow with the 
target that we are aiming for. 
 
And when it comes to Creative and pens as a category, I think along with time as the requirement 
arises, we have already planned in the capex for the future growth of this particular 2 segments. 
And as new and new category come in-house, we will be adding more facility for those 
respective portfolio. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Or if you could just break down how much of capex is going into different segments. I 
understand not much is going to steel bottles. But between Creative and pens, how would that 
split between that INR80 crores- INR90 crores? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So overall from the pen perspective, we say the overall volume will be around 2.4 billion in 
terms of overall in terms of pen as a category. And when you're talking about capex. For FY '26, 
the planned capex of INR80 crores, INR90 crores has been embarked to support the key strategic 
initiatives, including the establishment of new manufacturing facility in Valsad dedicated to 
writing instrument as well as the Creative as a segment. And of this, INR26 crores are deployed 
in Q1 FY '26 as a part of budgeted capital plan. 
 
So we have placed around new injection molding machines and tip machine order. And we are 
planning to expand the Valsad manufacturing facility spanning to 2 lakh square feet in overall, 
which is going to be a new under construction facility. 
Mohit Rathod: 
And also to add here, Jaiveer, to answer your question, as you know, most of our facilities are 
fungible. So it will be very difficult to say whether we are building capacity for Creative or the 
pens division. So it's more to do with more fungible assets we are building. So I would say it's 
going to be contributing to both the categories. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
That's very clear. Last question, if I may. I see a lot of your new product launches, I think these 
also, as you were rightly mentioning, are more appealing to especially kids. You've got a lot of 
these cartoon characters as well, Avengers, Disney. 
 
Is that also one of the factors that's helping you in terms of gaining market share? Are those sort 
of products not available? And then, of course, there must be IP rights as well associated with 
them. It sort of also insulates competition from copying you? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. It's also to do with -- I would say, as I mentioned earlier, the overall change of portfolio 
what we have done in the last couple of quarters, our focus is more and our endeavor is to bring 
more and more freshness in the products and the innovative side to do with the combinations 
and the -- that overall designing, we have really worked very hard, the entire R&D team has 
worked hard on the designing part of it. So I think now we are seeing in the kind of response we 
are getting, we are seeing that result. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
This is Ali from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. Sir, a couple of questions, one is on the margin. 
You have indicated that you have scope to improve margin by 200 bps and part of that can come 
from operating leverage. 
 
So just if you can share what kind of revenue scale or what kind of growth in the next couple of 
years will make you achieve? I know we have indicated mid-teens kind of growth. So I just 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
wanted to understand how much is the margin linked to the revenue and the mix of the business 
so that we can measure the improvement in margin from that point of view. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So just to share with you that we maintain the short term -- the medium-term projections, which 
we have shared with you earlier. So the margins are also like last quarter, we had said that the 
projections for the coming period will be -- we'll maintain a minimum margin, which we saw 
EBITDA margin which we saw in the previous year the entire year. 
 
And this will only -- you only kind of see it going up north. Why and that reason is because we 
have a Creative as a segment where we are doing a lot of in-house manufacturing and that adds 
to the margin. And that is where we have also kind of invested in man and machines here, which 
we'll see the operating leverage to improve, the EBITDA margin in the coming quarters. 
 
So in the short and medium term, we look at a growth of 14%, 15% CAGR at least for the next 
2 years. And this is with a given set of products and range and the given set of business which 
we are in. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So can you just indicate, I mean, if you are doing this mid-teens growth then with this 
mid-teens growth you should be able to achieve the 200 bps margin improvement in, what, 2 
years, 3 years' time? And I mean, what mix do we believe by then Creative will achieve? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
A mix of -- can you repeat the question again? 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
So question is just follow up on this. Basically, when you're seeing mid-teens growth that you 
can do at an overall basis and then this should allow you to reach 200 bps margin improvement, 
right, in the next 2, 3 years, correct? So if you can just indicate what is the mix of Creative in 
the overall business till that time? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
The revenue mix has been changing since last year where we see the Creative contribution is 
increasing vis-a-vis pens. But then that is all given within the total revenue going up. So none of 
the individual segment’s revenue will only increase. But the proportion of Creative is certainly 
going to increase in the coming period for the next 2 periods. 
 
Still, we see a stabilized number because the base is still very small. Last year we were just at 
170 and this year we're going to just grow year-on-year. So revenue mix of steel bottle and 
Creative will, in fact, increase. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. Okay. I'll take this offline, I have some follow-ups here. Second question is on the 
Creative side. So your creative growth obviously is coming also from a lot of new product 
developments that you are doing. But can you just explain what is the overlap in distribution? Is 
Creative entirely part of the pens distribution? 
 
And what is the penetration today in our overall network that we have in Creative and how much 
scope do we have? So I was just trying to understand the growth that Creative can get from 
distribution expansion? 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So when we talk about the overall coverage of Creative as a category, we have already had 
68,000 outlets. We are planning to grow from here further, but at the same time consolidating 
the distribution network of 68,000 outlets. We would like to further increase the per-outlet share 
for at least the next few quarters. And from there on, we will try to increase the number of outlets, 
yes. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So the lever is more basically increase in consumption per outlet than actually the 
increased expansion? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rajas Joshi from ChrysCapital. 
Rajas Joshi: 
So my first question would be on the gross margin. You alluded to the fact that the gross margin 
expanded due to a change in the mix. So was this mix largely market driven or did we take some 
portfolio changes during the quarter? And how do you see this going ahead? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So the margin of when you say -- asking was it because of the portfolio change of product mix, 
it was a combination of both. It was market driven. Obviously, when we kind of are introducing 
products in the market like we got in the Creative segment, it is all market driven. We cater to 
the marketplace and expectations. Plus, we also have our own innovations, which can create new 
markets for our products. So our products also create new markets. So the entire thing is a mix 
of both. 
Rajas Joshi: 
Got it. So I was actually coming from the sense of mass versus premium mix, which affected 
the gross margin. So on that front, how are we seeing things? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
No. So the gross margin -- when you're talking about the gross margin, it is obviously because 
of better product mix. The change in the product mix and sale of high-value products. Company 
enjoyed higher ASP in Q4. Company was trading and increasing its Creative portfolio. Hence, 
there was a lower GM. So once we started off -- we increased the share of in-house 
manufacturing, obviously, it increases our gross margins, too. 
Rajas Joshi: 
Got it, got it. And on the segmental margins, so EBITDA margins specifically. The bottles 
business, I believe, was breakthrough last quarter. So this quarter, how would that be? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
The last quarter where we were EBITDA positive. So we became EBITDA positive and we 
continue to kind of scale up on that front. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Resha Mehta: 
Complements on the margin comeback and good to see some very differentiated new product 
launches on the presentation.  So the first question is on the sales growth. So sorry for just 
harping on this, but if you look at -- so while in the last 2 quarters, both Q4 and Q1, we've grown 
very healthily, but if I look at H2 of the last financial year, the base was very high. We grew by 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
18%. So on that base, just wanted to check, is a 15%, 16% kind of CAGR that we have spoken 
about, is that something that is possible? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes, yes, exactly. So we are working towards that only. And so that 15%, 16% growth is very, 
very achievable looking at the current trend and the traction what we are getting from the market. 
Resha Mehta: 
Got it. And on the margin side, so when you say the margins will be maintained, so when you 
say maintained, do we look at Q1 margins for the full financial year so at 17.4%? So what -- FY 
'26 margins, what do they look like? So do they tend to be more towards the 17% that we have 
seen in Q1 or they may go up to like 18% kind of a number? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
No. So Resha, here what happens when we say maintain is that we had the entire FY '25 margin, 
which was at 17.1%. And when -- there would be different margins for Q4 and other quarters. 
When we say maintain it, we are going to maintain this margin and only go northwards once we 
kind of start benefiting from the operating leverage, which will go to increase the EBITDA 
margin. 
Resha Mehta: 
Got it. So at least 17.1-17.2% is something that we'll try and maintain for this financial year, 
right? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
We will maintain that. 
Resha Mehta: 
And Creatives, what is our target for in-house manufacturing share for this financial year? And 
what were the margins in FY '25 for Creative? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So as such, we don't have any separate data for Creative as a category or pen because the facility 
and the resources used are common for stationery and pens. So we don't have a separate 
percentage category-wise. But yes, to answer your other question, almost 70% of the products 
now are in-house, which will further increase to almost 80%, 85% in next couple of quarters. 
Resha Mehta: 
Understood. And on the working capital, we had guided for some modest improvements in 
working capital. So in this quarter, are we seeing some improvements in inventory and debtor 
days? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Working capital, see, it's a mix of what products, new products which we are getting in. And 
also every time we have these new products, we say that the working capital goes up. But I 
would say that it is just a matter of time as the products -- the new production, new launches 
stabilize we will see the working capital coming back to our original levels. 
 
So because previous call also we are discussing, we are expanding our product basket. And as a 
result, we must stock up on multiple SKUs before these levels rationalize as the products 
discovers it, right? So once the products mature, you will see the inventory levels coming down. 
On the receivables front, we have extended a higher credit period driven by typical business 
nature of the export -- on the export front. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Resha Mehta: 
Sir, would it be fair to assume that maybe working capital would have kind of seen slight 
deterioration sequentially? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
I wouldn't say deterioration, but I would share the numbers in the half yearly outlook. And when 
you see, it is going to be at the same level and only better, so when we share the numbers. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And on the exports front, you mentioned that bottles we are not seeing any export 
revenues. But on the Creative side, are we seeing any export revenues, be it in our own brand or 
OEM? 
 
And the last question is that Maped while it's at a very nascent stage, but how is the response 
wherever we have launched it in the limited number of markets? And do we also get the mandate 
for manufacturing for them sometime soon? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So when we talk about Creative as a category in export market, the demand is there, but we're 
not able to meet their expectations. So we are focusing more on domestic sales rather than 
exports for the Creative as a category. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. And on Maped and just a follow-up there. So when we say we are not able to meet their 
expectations in terms of the product, probably it is not as per their specification or what is it? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So for Maped, I think, like you mentioned, it's very early. I think -- but in the current quarter, 
the product mix that we have for the domestic market, it's a very mid-premium kind of a 
category. So a longer time, I think we'll -- we are quite confident that we'll be able to penetrate 
the market, and create a substantial growth number, or I would say, a contribution number. By 
Q3 and Q4, you will see the number. 
Pravin Rathod: 
And on your previous question, it is not about the expectations of the product line. It's more of 
the capacity constraint, and we are focusing more on domestic to increase our market share. 
Resha Mehta: 
Understood. Maped manufacturing? 
Sumit Rathod: 
Overall Creative as a category. Because as we said, we are increasing the manufacturing base 
for Creative to increase it from 70% to 85% to bring it in-house. 
Resha Mehta: 
But I think initially, the mandate was just for distribution. So have we also now got the mandate 
for manufacturing? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So this is for Creative, from a domestic own brand perspective when you asked the question for 
the export market. And for Maped, yes, it is for marketing and distribution for the domestic 
market. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kishore Kumar from Unifi Capital. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Kishore Kumar: 
I just have 1 question. So given the sizable growth in Creatives and bottle segment, is the 
aggressive market because of the credit period -- or the higher credit period is actually driving 
the demand? Or organically, the industry expansion is also helping the brand? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So the credit period what we are talking about has been same as what we have been doing for 
last couple of years. There's no increase in the credit period. But yes, the product appreciation 
and the response and the traction what we're getting is much better than what we were getting 
earlier. 
 
And last year also, a couple of quarters, we could not grow because of the capacity constraint. 
But once the capacity -- we have built up the capacity, now we are growing because we are able 
to meet the demand in the market. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Got it, sir. So overall, you mentioned 70% to 80% is in-house now. Is this number for the 
Creatives or for pens as well? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No, no, for Creatives. Pen is 100% in-house. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Okay. So 70% to 80% is for Creatives in-house. Got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Maanya Finance. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just 1 question. ROE has dipped from almost 24% to 
11%. I heard that you were mentioning that you were planning to grow about 15% -- 15% to 
16% CAGR every year in terms of revenues. Just wanted to know what ROE we should be 
looking at, which the company will be able to maintain over the next 2, 3 years? 
Pravin Rathod: 
So primarily with the operating leverage kicking in once the new plant also gets operational and 
as the EBITDA margins further improve, the bottom line contribution will definitely -- is 
targeted that we improve on the ROE definitely. 
 
It will be not the right place to give you the guidance on that at this stage. Let at least 1 more 
quarter go and we will be able to tell you that. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
As in -- are we looking at a particular number of 15% or something? I mean, should we, as an 
investor look at around 15% as a reasonable ROE, which the company will be able to maintain 
in the next 2, 3 years? 
Pravin Rathod: 
Yes, our target would be to achieve even slightly higher than that as we go because we have the 
right product mix. The installed capacity would be in place at that time. On all trends we are 
growing. So definitely, we will look forward to that. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And where will this growth come from? Because this kind of pens revenue was about a growth 
of about 3%, whereas Creative and houseware actually got our revenues up. I'm talking about 
the next 1 or 2 years, where will the actual growth come from? 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Pravin Rathod: 
So from an on a higher digit growth of -- higher single-digit growth is what we are envisaging. 
This particular 3% is only because of a drag on the OEM -- domestic OEM primarily, which has 
been a known factor to all of you. 
 
So on Own Brand, of course, we have grown substantially. And that actual contribution came to 
about higher single digit even on the Own Brand. So hopefully, we will continue to maintain the 
9% what we had indicated. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. And are we planning any significant capex and any debt which we are going to plan for 
this kind of capex? 
Pravin Rathod: 
We already explained in the part of the call capex, that we have an ongoing capex program of 
INR80 crores to INR90 crores, of which INR26 crores were deployed in the Q1 of FY '26. We 
ordered about 50-plus injection molding machines. So it's part of the growth plan as envisaged. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And this is going to sustain this kind of capex. So we should expect around -- a capex of around 
INR90 crores, INR100 crores coming every year? 
 Pravin Rathod: 
No, no. This was part of our -- the IPO process also and the regular growth that comes in. We 
have been investing in our molds in all from time to time with new product launches. So every 
year, there is always a capex program, but this here, we are ending with all the -- what we had 
been committed at the IPO. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Just a couple of follow-up questions. One on the capacity utilization. While you did mention that 
you have capex across pen and Creative and then there's a fungibility aspect to it, but just in 
terms of capacity utilization across, say, pens/writing instruments or Creatives and Steel Bottles 
if you could just throw some light on that, how is the utilization standing? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So historically also when we reach an optimum of around 70%, 75% of our capacity, we tend to 
develop new manufacturing facility for the same. So like mentioned earlier, we have capex in 
plan and we have already -- and the momentum towards installing a new manufacturing facility 
in Valsad for which we have already given moulding machine and we already placed the moulds 
order and also assembly machines are in place. 
 
So I think for the future growth, for the growth coming forward, we will be -- we are in place 
with the capex in the facility, which will help us assist in the targets that we have for each 
respective brands, especially for the Creative and pen as a category. 
Aradhana Jain: 
So is it fair to assume that we've reached the 70%, 75% peak capacity for writing and Creative? 
That is why we are expanding the capacities with the new facility in Valsad? 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Sumit Rathod: 
Yes. More or less, we are on that line of 70% capacity. But because, as you know, we'll have to 
pre-advance because we have to create a facility. So as per our historic norms, we are moving 
towards creating a new facility. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And in Steel Bottles? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So steel bottle, like I mentioned earlier, we have capacity for this year's target. So we have a 
little room to achieve those numbers. But going forward, as our overall turnover increases, we 
will be adding a facility as and when required. 
Aradhana Jain: 
With the INR40-odd crores that we put in, that has an asset turn of close to around 3x, right? So 
maybe till the time we reach INR100 crores, INR120-odd crores of top line, the current capacity 
should be sustainable, right? 
Sumit Rathod: 
Yes. So more or less on the similar lines other than some minor, small machines here and there. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And in terms of steel bottles, where are we selling it? Like what are the channels where we are 
selling these steel bottles? And what is the TAM for your steel bottle coverage like the retail 
footprint and reach? 
Sumit Rathod: 
I think, overall, from a domestic front, we are available in all the fronts. We are actively and 
aggressively making traction in the domestic front as well as the modern trade and the e-comm 
platform. So -- and we are also trying to focus a little bit from the international market 
perspective where we are trying to make a little room and trying to get little export done in our 
case. 
Aradhana Jain: 
So have we started exporting to Newell again for the steel bottles? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So very small volume we have been exporting for the export market. So I think going forward, 
we will try and increase that share as well. 
Aradhana Jain: 
And in terms of your Creative, like you said that around 68,000 outlets you've reached and you 
said that you want to now focus more towards increasing your throughput per store. But what 
would be the TAM there? And why are we wanting to settle down at the 68,000, 70,000 outlets 
right now like in case the TAM is higher? 
 
And do we have all our products across all the outlets or it's selective? And what is the update 
on your mechanical pencils and how much is the contribution of mechanical potentials in 
Creative right now? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So see, the overall TAM, as you compare with the overall stationery market is huge of which we 
are doing only 68,000 outlets. So I would say -- and also when we look at the individual product-
wise coverage, we feel there is still a lot of room left for us to improve in that. And that's the 
reason why we want to consolidate and increase our throughput in those 68,000 outlets rather 
than focusing on getting new outlets. 

  
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
So that is number one. Number two is when we talk about the mechanical pencils, I would say 
it has helped us, but also the other products has helped us achieve this kind of growth and this 
kind of number. 
Aradhana Jain: 
No, my question was more to understand the new mechanical pencils that we introduced last 
year in the second half. How is that panning out? And have you been able to reach Pan-India 
with those pencils or there are still supply constraints there? Just to understand growth aspect. 
Mohit Rathod: 
As we said last time also, the response was very good. And now there is no supply constraint, 
and we are launching almost Pan-India. We have launched the product, and we are just hoping 
to grow from there. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. Just last, in terms of any hero product that you have across all your 3 categories, is there 
anything that's standing out across all your 3 categories, which is pens. I know how Hauser XO 
is your... 
Aradhana Jain:  
So if you could just help me understand that is in Creative any particular product shall be 
standing out? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So it's a competition-sensitive data. So we would not like to talk about it. But yes, there are many 
products, not -- as I said, there's not individual products, but there are many products which are 
doing well. 
 
And the kind of projection what we have, I think we will need -- we have to be dependent on 7, 
8 categories rather than 1 category to grow. So I think we are in the right direction in terms of 
the kind of products what we are launching and the kind of response what we are getting. And 
we are quite confident that by the year-end, we will be meeting our expectation. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now like to turn 
the conference over to management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking time out to participate in this call. In case of any queries, reach 
out to our Investor Relations advisor, MUFG Investor Relations. We wish you all the best and 
hope to interact with you soon. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of MUFG Intime India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
