 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
Sc no - 18729 
 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Discussion/Conference call  
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to  
our letter bearing sc no. 18712 dated July 22, 2025, we are enclosing herewith the  
transcript of the earnings/conference call conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held 
on August 8, 2025 on the Audited Standalone Financial Results and Unaudited Consolidated 
Financial Results of Tata Motors Limited (‘the Company’) for the first quarter ended  
June 30, 2025. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.tatamotors.com.   
 
This is for information of the Exchanges and the Members. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
 
 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
MALOY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by MALOY 
KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2025.08.14 
12:56:18 +05'30'

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
1 
 
 
Tata Motors Group  
 
Q1 FY26 earnings call transcript  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED  
MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA MOTORS LIMITED  
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML 
Mr. G.V. RAMANAN, CFO, COMMERCIAL VEHICLES BUSINESS 
Mr. DHIMAN GUPTA, CFO, PASSENGER VEHICLES BUSINESS 
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX –CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
Presentation 
    Mridul Agarwal 
 
Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q1 FY26 earnings Call. Today we have with us Mr. P.B. Balaji, 
Group CFO, Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh Chandra, MD, 
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. G.V. 
Ramanan, CFO, Commercial Vehicles Business; Mr. Dhiman Gupta, CFO, Passenger Vehicles Business; 
Mr. Richard Molyneux, CFO, Jaguar Land Rover, and we also have our colleagues from Investor 
Relations team. 
 
Today we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A. As a reminder, all 
participants will be in listen-only mode and we will be taking questions by the team's platform. The 
same is already open for you to submit the questions. You are requested to mention your name and 
the name of the organization while submitting the question. 
 
I now hand over to Mr. P.B. Balaji to take over. Over to you. Sir. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Thank you. Good evening, everybody. First starting with the safe harbor statement, a slight shift here. 
So, with the sale of the Tata Motors Finance business, we have now removed that segment called 
vehicle ﬁnancing from our business and included in corporate / others. That's the only shift that is 
there. Some marginal shifts in the way free cash ﬂow is deﬁned where we have included mutual fund 
investments as well there. So that's the only shift there. Nothing material there.  
 
Next slide please, Quarter where activity intensity continued domestically we had the air conditioned 
cabins being launched and on the JLR side, we had the Range Rover, Range Rover Sport black versions 
getting through. On the EV side and I'm sure Shailesh is going to talk about it. The introduction of the 
lifetime warranty on the high voltage batteries has been a blockbuster. That helped out very well in 
the sales. He will talk about that. And JLR's rating has been upgraded to Ba1 investment grade there, 
by Moody's. 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
2 
 
 
Next slide, A few updates on the corporate actions. Hot of the press is the demerger. We had the NCLT 
ﬁnal hearing today and it has been concluded and the judgment is reserved. And that should help us 
complete this quarter. And the eﬀective date for the demerger will be 1st October, on plan. Then of 
course, last week we talked about the Iveco acquisition at length. So, I don't intend to go through it. It 
is there just to ensure that the details are well covered. The same slide you would have seen last time. 
Next slide please.  
 
A very intense quarter from the point of view of number of moving parts that we have to deal with in 
the ﬁnancial side. So, the wholesales were down 9.1% at 300,000 units. Revenues were down 2.5% at 
Rs. 104,000 crores. Proﬁt before tax and exceptional item came in at Rs. 5,600 crores. A care point here 
if you look at the net proﬁt line where there's a substantial proﬁt from discontinued operations last 
year of almost Rs. 4,900 crores. That is basically the Tata Motors ﬁnance business when it was sold to 
Tata Capital. It is a discontinued business that had to be mark-to-market and that's what you see as a 
gain as a proﬁt from discontinued operations, not the underlying basis. So this is before exceptional 
items is what you see as a number shift here. EBITDA 9.2% was down 480 bps and we're going to talk 
about that both on the PV side and the JLR side. EBIT went down by 370 bps and free cash ﬂow, nothing 
to worry there is a seasonal number that we are playing with. On top of it, of course, tariﬀs did impact. 
 
Next slide please.  
 
Where did growth declines come from? A lot of it coming out of volume and mix oﬀset by translation. 
Fundamentally pound sterling to the rupee and proﬁtability wise, JLR declines, which Richard is going 
to talk about coming from the tariﬀ as well as some one-oﬀs that we had. CV continued its performance 
of improving proﬁts despite revenue declines. So, now we're running at almost 12% plus EBITDA and 
that is what you see there. Net debt, domestic business, Rs. 3.6 K Cr minus Rs. 5.2K Cr, still at net cash. 
JLR is seasonal in terms of its net debt going up because the ﬁrst quarter and the real reassuring point 
is the net auto ﬁnance cost which is sharply declined, is also giving boost to the net proﬁt line. Next 
slide please.  
 
Let me hand it over to Richard to take you through an engrossing quarter. Richard, over to you. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Engrossing is one word for it. So, it's been a quarter that we've made actually a lot of progress, both in 
terms of evolving our brand, but also working with Sir Keir Starmer and his team in the UK government 
to get a more favorable trade deal with the US than virtually every other country. However, it would 
be wrong to say Q1 was full of only good news. The external environment presented us with multiple 
challenges of a scale, a speed and sometimes an unpredictability that can't immediately just be 
absorbed, which have impacted our Q1 results.  
 
So, these results are on this chart. Wholesales as previously announced were 87,000, generating a 
revenue of GBP 6.6 billion. It's worth noting that revenue per car was a record for us. It equaled our 
record of GBP 76,000 per car despite the weakness of the dollar in this quarter. So, this is driven by our 
brand strength, and the fact that more than 77% of our sales in the quarter are Range Rover, Range 
Rover Sport and Defender. So we achieved joint record revenue per car. PBT was GBP 351 million, 
driven by an EBIT of 4%. These along with the negative free cash ﬂow were all impacted by US tariﬀs, 
which we have accounted for at the full 27.5% for the full quarter. Also, dollar weakness and industry 
dynamics in China had an eﬀect, and I'll explain more on future charts. 
 
The next chart please. As per usual, I'm not going to go through this chart in detail. All the points are 
covered in the presentation, but they're summarized here for your future reference. 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
3 
 
 
 Next, after a really strong Q4, volumes of 87,000 in Q1 were in line with our internal plans. As we 
wound down, Jaguar models, and temporarily paused shipments to the US following the tariﬀ 
introductions. Demand for Range Rover and Range Rover Sport remains strong but Evoque was down 
a third year-over-year as we upgraded systems in our Halewood plant and focused on higher margin 
vehicles. This is what's caused the falling overall Range Rover numbers below it's last year number. 
Defender remains really strong with wholesales up 15% year-over-year and retails also grew. Discovery 
was down as Discovery sport was also paused for the Halewood systems upgrade and Jaguar volumes 
are now almost exclusively for F-PACE.  
 
Next slide. So regionally the UK is impacted year-over-year by lower Jaguar volumes, but also by the 
fact that FY25 Q1, the number on the far left, was an exceptional year. FY26 Q1 is actually higher than 
both FY24 Q1 and FY23 Q1. So, the fact that we had a really super strong Q1 last year shouldn't take 
away from the fact that our UK business does remain fairly strong. North America obviously had some 
disruption and Q1 also saw an oﬀset from the very strong wholesale push that we did before the tariﬀ 
increase. Europe is Jaguar impacted largely but had a solid quarter and on the right hand side for the 
ﬁrst time, we're actually going to split out MENA and Overseas to give both these core markets 
appropriate focus. Both regions were up year-over-year and ﬁnally China, an incredibly diﬃcult market 
continues even before changes in the luxury tax rules that came in in July. We performed well on 
wholesales. The retails including the locally produced cars fell. Do remember these locally produced 
units are towards the end of their life as our plant in Changshu moves to produce new Freelander 
product next year.  
 
Next chart. So, this is the key chart in explaining our Q1 performance. Looking from a PBT in Q1 last 
year of GBP 693 million to the GBP 351 million we've just reported. Volume was adverse 10,000 units 
quarter-over-quarter but partly oﬀset by the mix improvement in Range Rover and Defender that I 
mentioned earlier. You can see the incremental duty cost in the quarter of GBP 254 million on a P&L 
basis equivalent to nearly 4% EBIT. And just to state again, we are assuming in these actuals that the 
27.5% duty on all cars out of the UK and Europe was in force for the entire quarter. We did have a 
partial oﬀset to the tariﬀ costs in the Congress in the US reset federal CAFE penalties to zero, allowing 
us to release our balance sheet reserves, but the net hit from US developments was the major 
headwind we faced. We do welcome the deals done by the UK and EU governments which will reduce 
the scale of the tariﬀ payment going forward, but they do not remove it. In terms of net pricing, Sales 
allowances is trending up a little bit, but still remains low by industry standards at 4.1% on a retail 
incurred basis. Our contribution costs continue to progress well with reductions in material cost, but 
we have had to reserve the two signiﬁcant historical warranty recalls driving that P&L charge to 5.4% 
in the quarter. The next column D&A year-over-year remains favorable as we've stopped our 
production in Castle Bromwich and Graz and you can see the impact of the dollar weakening in the 
penultimate column, a GBP 205 million hit partly oﬀset by our hedging processes. So a quarter 
signiﬁcantly impacted by US tariﬀs, the partly associated dollar weakening and historical warranty 
adjustments. Next chart.  
 
Walking this then through to the cash this is the ﬁrst quarter for a while that we have had cash proﬁt 
after tax actually lower than investment. Though I do note it's important to note here that excluding 
the incremental tariﬀ payment, our cash proﬁts would have more than our investment. The big change 
in the quarter is working capital where we've returned to a more normal seasonality. If you remember 
Q4 working capital was over GBP1 billion favorable. As in Q4 we sold 110,000 units but we only paid 
the component set about 96,000. In this quarter, its the other way around. We sold 87,000 units but 
paid the component sets on about 99,000. So payable sale inventory rose, it's normal seasonality for 
us. The bottom line is a GBP758 million cash loss of which circa GBP 200 million was from US tariﬀ cash 
hit. And again just for explanation, in the US you pay your tariﬀs in cash essentially one month after. 
So, in the quarter we had two big tariﬀ payments in May and June. Next chart.  

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
4 
 
 
 
So investment levels remain consistent though Q1 was probably at the lower end of our recent range 
of GBP 850 million to a GBP1 billion per quarter with both engineering and capital spend lower than in 
Q1 last year. Capitalization ratio was just on 70% and that is probably near the peak for us given our 
stage in the cycle plan.  Next page.  
 
Right into the business update. Look, it's really important in times of challenge that we put our energy 
into building our strengths rather than just focusing on mitigating problems. So, we focused in the 
quarter on building our brands. In this page with partnerships, you can see Range Rover Wimbledon. 
You can see Defender as the partner of the Oasis tour. I love that picture. You can see a glimpse into 
the evolving Discovery brand at the Goodwoof event down in Goodwood. Jaguar builds its presence in 
its major future markets. So, we are focusing on our strengths and growing those as well as trying to 
mitigate the weaknesses that we see.  Next chart.  
 
Some of those problems and we've had a few of them. Standing aside UK speciﬁc issues such as higher 
employment taxes, the biggest is obviously tariﬀs. We welcome the deals that have been done and 
they will provide certainty for us to plan around. But they do take what was initially a 1000% increase 
in the cost of our tariﬀs down. They take them down signiﬁcantly, but the increases are still 300% for 
cars from the UK and 500% for the cars from Europe whenever the 15% reduction actually takes eﬀect. 
It has not done as of yet. In terms of other geopolitics, we have good news, really good news of a UK 
India free trade agreement, but also further bad news in that China have reduced their luxury tax 
threshold from RMB1.3 million to RMB900,000 capturing almost all of our Range Rover sales now with 
an additional 10% tax, and that in a market where retailer ﬁnance is still very restricted. Finally, BEV 
demand is certainly not following projections, certainly outside of China, so we will rely on the ﬂex 
nature of our MLA architecture for longer. A lot of issues, but we're absolutely not just passively sitting 
and watching them. We are interacting more than ever before with the Government and we have 
already started executing a signiﬁcant transformation program to get ourselves even better focused 
around 14 missions.  Next chart.  
 
So, these are on the missions. You've seen them before, each with dedicated teams and a board lead. 
They're fully up and running and they're delivering results, impacting progressively through this year 
and next to bring GBP 1.4 billion of value. And that's excluding the tariﬀ vision. This will be about circa 
5% EBIT to oﬀset some of those risks that we mentioned earlier on. Next page.  
 
So, to summarize, we're on track to deliver our guidance, 4% in what is historically our worst quarter 
and with tariﬀ impacts reducing going forwards means we are sticking with our 5% to 7% guidance for 
the year and then we will build from there. So with that, thank you for your attention. I'll hand back to 
Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Thanks Richard. Let me now hand it over to Girish and Ramanan to take you through the CV business. 
Ramanan, over to you. 
 
GV Ramanan 
 
Thank you, Balaji. Can you go to the next page please. 
 
Our overall Vahan market share improved by 50 bps over last quarter and it's at 36.1%. We saw market 
share gain by 40 bps both in medium goods and the passenger segment while maintaining a very 
resilient performance in heavy & light goods vehicles, despite a drop in the TIV in these segments. With 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
5 
 
 
the recent launch of ACE Pro, we are expecting to gradually increase our market presence in this 
segment. Go to the next slide.  
 
On the ﬁnancials, it was indeed a tough quarter from a volume standpoint and that is reﬂected in the 
revenue being 470 bps lower on a Y-o-Y basis. However, margins continue to be healthy as both EBITDA 
and EBIT have grown on a Y-o-Y basis. This is majorly coming from lower material cost and better 
realization. For the quarter, EBITDA was at around 12.2% and EBIT was at 9.7%. We continue to 
maintain a superior ROCE performance which is at 39.6%. Overall a good ﬁnancial performance in the 
quarter. Can you go to the next page please.  
 
This is the EBIT walk from Q1 FY 25 of last year to Q1 FY 26, wherein we see the absolute proﬁtability 
increase by around approximately Rs. 122 crores which is an improvement of 80 bps on a y-o-y despite 
a revenue drop of around 4.7%, as we had shown you earlier, this is primarily coming from savings and 
variable cost and better realization and is further complemented by saving in ﬁxed cost. 
 
I would now request Girish to give you more business insights. Can you go the next page please. 
  
Girish Wagh  
 
Thank you, Ramanan and good evening, everyone. Let me start with the proprietary data that we 
started sharing. So, this is based on the Fleet Edge that we have in around 850,000 vehicles. So, broadly 
you will see in most of the segments the utilization of the ﬂeets remain healthy but each one of the 
segments have also shown a dip in the recent month and that is actually because of the early onset of 
monsoon, but otherwise the level still remains at a good level. The sentiment index has dropped in 
MCV and in tippers and all this is also because of the early onset of monsoon. 
  
ILCV continues to do well. SCV pickup is something which is coming down and this is also because of 
level of satisfaction with the current conditions and current rate being lower. In the freight rates and 
this is especially for heavy duty long haul continue, they to ﬁrm up. Transporter proﬁtability are also in 
a good position.  Next.  
 
In Q1, the industry volumes almost remained ﬂat, marginal growth of around 0.7%. But the total 
industry volumes in heavies and small commercial vehicles actually dropped and there was a single 
digit growth seen in ILMCV and buses and vans. In fact, buses and vans actually continue to do well 
now the whole of last year and ﬁrst quarter of this year I think they have done pretty well. We 
transitioned our entire portfolio of trucks to air conditioned cabins and as has been the tradition, I 
think we also complemented it with the launch of higher power to weight ratio variants and therefore 
delivering more value to the customers. So, I think we have maintained this trend that whenever there 
is a regulatory transition, it comes with some price increase for the customer and so, we always give 
some value improvement along with that.  
 
The HCV volumes in Q1 declined primarily due to regional demand shifts and let me give some ﬂavor 
to this. So, when I've seen the north volumes going down because there was an impact for few weeks 
due to Operation Sindoor, one has also seen the volumes in east are getting impacted to some extent 
due to the Bangladesh issue and also what has helped or rather has impacted is the early onset of 
monsoons which I said earlier. The monsoon started early in June and therefore the tipper sale actually 
became almost ﬂat in June. The ILMCV segment continues to do well, it witnessed volume growth 
mainly supporting fruits, vegetables & manufacturing segment and within that, I think the MCV has 
been a standout performer during the ﬁrst quarter.  
 
SCV pickup volumes speciﬁcally for Tata Motors have now stabilized at lower levels but we clearly see 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
6 
 
 
growth in the pipeline. Now with the launch of the ACE Pro, which has been accepted very well at the 
price points and the alternate powertrains that we have launched it with. Buses and vans, the volumes 
grew almost 12% and the performance was also inﬂuenced by salient shifts in segment as also some 
of the tender driven business which actually was allocated in Q4 of the last year. 
  
In electric mobility, we delivered 43 buses. That's it. Same quarter last year we had delivered almost 
750 buses and this quarter 43 buses. And with this, now we have delivered all our buses as a part of 
the CSL tender one. There is a repeat order that we have received from BMTC which we will satisfy 
subsequently. ACE EV continues to be stable in volumes. I mean we have now more than 8,700 vehicles 
And more so, we launched ACE Pro EV at a very attractive price. It becomes the most aﬀordable four 
wheel electric truck and is actually oﬀering better total cost of ownership than three wheeler EVs and 
the EMIs are actually equal to electric three wheelers. We also of course received the PLI certiﬁcation 
for ACE pro EV. As far as sustainability is concerned, which is decarbonization, circularity, our 
performance remains on track.  
 
Smart city, as I said, we have completed the deployment of buses at all the locations and our ﬂeet now 
has completed more than 400 million kilometers and we continue to improve the uptime as well as 
outshedding. The performance therefore continues to be above the contractual terms despite extreme 
conditions especially in Q1 in Delhi. An interesting development is we emerged as L1 in a tender for a 
completely new technology of public transportation which is being introduced in the country. So, this 
is an 18 meter articulated bus which can carry 135 passengers at a time. So something between the 
current electric bus and a Metro and it also comes with a ﬂash charging technology which enables 
almost 30% to 50% charging in a minute. And this is a tender which had come from Nagpur Municipal 
Corporation, will also be kind of a technology pilot. But of course, this has already been deployed in 
around 10 cities in Europe and Australia globally. So, this is a new technology and we are quite excited 
with this technology. And there are a few more enquiries also from few other states which have started 
coming with this.  Next.  
 
On the digital business, we continue to scale up all our businesses in terms of Feet Edge. More than 
825,000 active vehicles, 80% monthly active users and 59% weekly active users. During the quarter 
one, we also came up with a very attractive value proposition for the Fleet Edge subscription with 
which the subscription percentages have gone up by almost 50% to 60%. And this is just the ﬁrst 
month. I think as we go ahead with more communication, I think we should be able to do even better. 
Mileage Saarthi continues to do well and we have around 6% improvement in fuel eﬃciency in real life 
operating conditions. On E-Dukaan, our online spare part sales we have tied up with third party logistics 
service providers to deliver parts at the doorstep and we have two types of services, standard as well 
as express. So, there is a good traction that we see in the pilot cities. We now have more than 9,000 
customers and 31,000 retailers onboarded onto the platform. Fleet Verse wherein we are selling 
vehicles directly to the customers. More than 10,000 plus platform assisted retails. So these many 
customers are directly coming to us on the platform and at an overall level, digitally generated leads 
led to almost 28% of the retail in Q1 which is growing quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Next slide. Now going ahead the focus areas, we believe that the Q2 TIV is likely to improve on a year-
on-year basis essentially due to the lower base in Q2 of last year. So, post the elections I think last year 
Q2 was lower volumes and on that base we expect a single digit growth. We also expect the 
normalization of monsoons and then the festive season starting post 15th August. As also anticipated 
recovery in rural and infrastructure led demand. I think our focus areas. We will continue to drive the 
trucks market share while maintaining strong realizations and as we go ahead we know there will be 
an improvement in geographical salience as well as recovery tippers which will aid our shares further. 
In MCV buses, I think we have been doing pretty well with the launch of new products and service 
oﬀerings and we have gained handsome share in the private segment for MCV Buses. This is intercity 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
7 
 
 
segment. So we will continue this game and as also the ramp up of volumes in vans. ACE Pro, we started 
selling retailing from the last month and the production ramp up has been started and now I think we 
should be ramping up the retails of ACE Pro as we go ahead. We have received very encouraging 
response during the launches which was done all across the country. Finally, I think we would of course 
like to sustain the ﬁnancial performance by consistently delivering double digit EBITDA margins as well 
as the return on capital employed.  
 
So that's about CV. Back to you Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Thanks Girish and Ramanan. Let me pass the baton to Shailesh and Dhiman. Dhiman, do you want to 
start oﬀ. 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
 
Thanks, Balaji. Fair to say it has been a challenging quarter for us on multiple fronts where we had a 
loss in volumes and consequential impact it had on proﬁtability. Overall industry demand as we saw it 
was soft with the further stress in the 10 lakhs car segment which you've been seeing for a while, our 
market share was down 60 bps on account of adverse salient shift and some of the transitionary phases 
we saw in some of our models - Altroz, Harrier and Safari. Portfolio emission continues to trend well 
below CAFE norms, so no concerns there. While the relative mix of CNG and EV was stable in the 
quarter, we are going to see a very sharp increase in EV mix to 17% next quarter. Next slide please. 
 Our EV volumes have been range bound at about 5,500 per month for almost a year. Consumer 
sentiments have been muted due to the overall global narrative we had on EVs and the market 
expansion was coming in primary from new competition launches in the last six months. However, 
happy to observe that in the last two months we've seen a buoyancy in consumer demand in this space, 
the green shoots of which are visible in our market share increasing to 40% in July. This still does not 
fully reﬂect the gains on Harrier.ev which saw Blockbuster opening and we will deﬁnitely end the 
quarter on a much higher note. Next slide please. 
 
Last 12 months with the moderation in demand that we saw, the overall industry channel stock has 
continued to build, accompanied by periods of very high discounting to aid in stock liquidation. We 
have taken a conscious call to be more proactive in keeping our channel inventories in check. I'll park 
this point for a while as Shailesh is deﬁnitely going to pick up in greater detail in the subsequent slide. 
But the overall we moderated our oﬀtakes which reﬂected in the 10% volume and revenue decline, 
the loss in operating leverage and the additional hidden commodity inﬂation that has been coming in 
through April has meant that we are down on our proﬁtability parameters.  
Next slide please.  
 
ICE margins have been under stress for a period of time while our cost reduction eﬀorts are coming 
through well. It has not been enough to oﬀset the steep loss of operating leverage, adverse model mix 
and the continued high industry discounting. This quarter we had the additional impact of commodity 
inﬂation coming in primarily through steel safeguard duty and FX risks and a residual part of it will also 
come in Q2. Our ICE margins will improve from here. However, they are likely to remain under pressure 
for some more time as we plan to exit the calendar year with a very low level of model year stock. 
Redoubling our cost reduction eﬀorts, Improved model mix from launch of some curated variants of 
Harrier and Safari that Shailesh is going to talk about and hopefully some price increases in H2 with a 
strong festive period makes us conﬁdent of getting this back up by another 3%-4% in the next few 
quarters. The margin improvement story for EVs has been very encouraging. We've seen EV 
proﬁtability improving on a year-on-year basis even without PLI, with signiﬁcant cost reductions 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
8 
 
 
coming through. We were EBITDA breakeven with PLI this quarter and the improved mix coming in 
from Harrier.ev and the additional vehicles coming onto PLI platform will see continued uplift in 
margins from there. 
 
Shailesh, Over to you 
 
Shailesh Chandra  
 
Thank you Dhiman. So let me start with industry highlights. The demand has been muted for the 
industry in quarter one. We saw ﬂat wholesales and quite a muted growth also in Vahan. April actually 
had seen a strong, you know it was strong at the start carrying the momentum for festivities like Gudi 
Padwa and by the end of March 2025. However, in May and June we saw a signiﬁcant slowdown in 
demand. We see the overall industry demand remain soft and this has resulted in environment of 
sustained high levels of discounting also to drive details and this is prevalent across OEMs and siblings. 
 
Channel inventory for the industry had also grown by ﬁve to seven days in quarter one and this is basis 
the offtake and Vahan data that we track and this was due to lower than expected retail in quarter one 
than what the industry was expecting. Volume stress is actually more pronounced in sub 10 lakh 
segment with a decline in momentum over recent months. And this is because of combination of 
reasons: growth in propensity for used car also I would say to some extent, on the contrast 10 plus 
lakhs segment we have been seeing healthy demand driven by more resilient customer base as I said. 
In EV industry, we have seen growth in quarter one primarily due to impact of new launches which has 
added incremental volumes in the industry. It has really been interesting to see strong demand for EVs 
in high price segments above 20 lakhs. And this really goes to show that if EV addresses all the concerns 
of the customers in terms of range, price parity, best capabilities, customers are willing to shift from 
ICE to EVs.  
 
Talking about Tata Motors, looking at the past one and a half years, the overall demand environment 
for industry has been volatile and tough and therefore in this environment to drive sustainable growth 
for the business, we felt it is critical to keep the channel health in focus and therefore we moderated 
our wholesale in quarter one to ensure controlled growth in our channel inventories which is important 
to ensure healthy network. We also saw the transition of some of our key models in the portfolio which 
have new product interventions including  Altroz MCE, Harrier and Safari new curated variants. We 
just launched the Adventure X, we called them AdventureX, at a very attractive price point and it's very 
much feature loaded. So much like any product transition that we see it involved a ramp down of the 
volumes for a few months prior to scale up post launch. And these launches at the end of quarter one 
and start of quarter two have also resulted in some impact in our volumes and proﬁtability. Our new 
launches Tiago and Altroz have seen very strong traction in the market. Despite the broader trend in 
hatches showing a decline, double digit decline in this segment, these two products have got very 
strong response, in June we saw 22% year-on-year increase in bookings for both models combined. 
This is going to drive growth in this segment in the coming quarters. The launch of Harrier.ev has been 
widely successful with a strong launch marketing campaign to support awareness and consideration 
and we are happy to see that we received 10,000 bookings by day one which has established a very 
strong pipeline for the product going forward and Harrier.ev volume impact is not present in quarter 
one as Dhiman mentioned it will be visible from quarter two. We also saw traction for the rest of our 
portfolios in EV particularly towards the end of the quarter especially for Nexon.ev and we were really 
surprised that once we oﬀered the lifetime warranty for both Nexon and Curvv.ev that there was a 
sharp increase in retail as well as bookings in July 2025. Next slide please. 
 
So in terms of key actions and initiatives, as I mentioned earlier that channel health is important to 
ensure long term growth in the kind of operating environment today and therefore to ensure a 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
9 
 
 
healthier channel, we are maximizing retails. We have institutionalized the stock policy that will guide 
how we balance our wholesales throughout the year. At the same time, you know to ensure that we 
are aligned to the prolonged demand volatility and to ensure dealer proﬁtability, we have tweaked our 
S&OP process, which will enable greater alignment between our supplies and market demand. We will 
also maximize the upcoming festive period through strong marketing campaigns and leveraging the 
product intervention that I talked about. Our new launches, you know Harrier, Safari AdventureX 
variants just launched few days back. Our curated variants at very competitive price points and this 
will help us drive volume growth and will help improve our model mix. In EVs, as Dhiman also 
mentioned, we will leverage the growing demand of our portfolio along with the commencement of 
deliveries for Harrier.ev to drive volume growth and with further actions on product, strong marketing, 
mainstreaming actions, we continue to maintain our ﬁrst mover advantage. There are already green 
shoots that we see in terms of recovery EVs in July 2025, actually July was our highest ever bookings 
of the existing portfolio and our bookings excluding Harrier.ev grew by 25% over levels that we were 
seeing in quarter one. So it was a very sharp jump in July. Nexon.ev particularly saw strong consumer 
interest especially after the announcement of lifetime warranty and booking went up in July by 55% 
over quarter one. And Harrier EV we have had a blockbuster launch. I talked about this. We achieved 
the highest ever retail also in July 25, it was 40% more than quarter one levels. I mean, we are yet to 
see the full impact of Harrier.ev retails in from August onwards and therefore, the vahan market share 
for EV which had gone down to 35% level bounced back to 40% in July and we are pretty much on track 
to, as we have been mentioning, progressively move towards the 50% plus market share level in the 
coming quarters.  
 
That's it from my side. Back to you, Balaji. 
 
 
P.B.Balaji 
 
Thank you, Shailesh and Dhiman. Quick summary. I'll wrap this up fast. Despite a tough quarter in terms 
of numbers growth wise, I think cash proﬁt after tax ahead of investment spend. So prudence continues 
and the only swing that you see is on working capital that is seasonal that will reverse itself.  Next slide 
please.  
 
Investment spending is in line with plan and don't expect to overshoot this. It's steady across years as 
well.  Next slide.  
 
So how do we see the future ahead? I think from a global demand perspective, I think it's fair to say 
after hearing Richard also, you would have got the same message saying that the global demand is 
likely to remain challenging in the short term. It's also a bit confusing. Therefore, that is a situation on 
the global demand. Domestic demand underlying basis should start improving gradually as the spends 
continue, lower interest rates, exciting product launches and the festive season starting to kick in. And 
therefore our focus remains on what we can control and execute our strategies ﬂawlessly. These are 
the individual verticals and it is there for all you to see. That's what the Shailesh, Girish and Richard 
just talked about. So don't want to repeat that. With that, let me then turn you over to questions. We 
have about 19 of them so far and let's get started. 
 
 
Questions and Answers  
 
P.B. Balaji 
It's a good mix of questions coming from across the board.  
Okay, first question coming from Raghu, Nuvama. Richard, this is coming your way. I think a lot of 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
10 
 
 
questions on tariﬀs and question is, how have you accounted for it? Number one. Second, in terms of 
is there any rollback possible to May 8? That's the second set of questions there. And how do you plan 
to mitigate it in terms of pricing? And while you're on it, could you also give clarity on the emissions 
compliance provisions related to the US. Can you pick up the entire US tariﬀs, emissions accounting, 
how do you intend to mitigate it all in one shot? 
 
Richard Molyneux  
Okay, let me give it a go. Right. Tariﬀs in the US. So they have been 25% is the tariﬀ that Trump 
announced in his Section 232 executive order became eﬀective essentially the start of the quarter. 
That tariﬀ is on top of the standard most favored nation tariﬀ, which was 2.5%. So essentially through 
the entirety of Q1, we have been booking the P&L at 27.5% tariﬀs from cars exported from the UK and 
cars exported from Europe. There is absolutely a chance that we will get the tariﬀ reduction to 10% in 
the UK backdated to 8 May. We are working with the relevant governments to make sure that that 
happens as that is what was included in the original deal. 
 
However, it has not yet been enacted and therefore we haven't got suﬃcient certainty of that to 
book it in the accounts. So these accounts in Q1 assumed 27.5% ﬂat throughout the quarters in terms 
of P&L. I mentioned to you earlier on that in terms of cash payments you pay the US tariﬀs one month 
afterwards. So, we have paid two months in the quarter of the much higher tariﬀ level. The third one 
which we will have paid in July will come in cash in Q2. I saw another question around tariﬀs which is 
when do you pay them? You pay them when the vehicle lands on US soil. So it's not related to 
wholesale, it's not related to anything other than when the vehicle lands in US. So in terms of what we 
have done, we reacted as quickly as we could as you know, in terms of stopping shipments and making 
sure that we had a very strong dealer stock going into the quarter. The ﬁrst thing we did was reduce 
some of the sales allowances of the VME levels because that is a quicker thing to do for us than 
changing price. We have subsequently changed prices a little bit on '25 model year Range Rover went 
up a couple of percent and we have announced increases on '26. So, we are taking some price, we are 
taking some variable marketing reductions as well as a partial oﬀset to the tariﬀ cost. In terms of 
emissions, so the so called one big beautiful bill that was passed set federal CAFE levels to zero, that 
was passed on the 4th of July. Use the fact that that was substantially enacted in law at the time to 
release our balance sheet reserve for federal cafe ﬁnes that stood at a circa GBP120 million. There 
were other changes in terms of tariﬀs globally including introduction. Sorry, not tariﬀs in terms of 
emissions costs globally including the introduction of some costs in Canada for model year '26 changes 
in the UK, et cetera, et cetera. So the net eﬀect for us that you'll see on the report of all of the emissions 
changes globally was GBP76 million better on a year-over-year basis. But the absolute balance sheet 
change that we recorded in this period was GBP120 million. I covered most of the questions. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Can you also cover the accounting piece. Richard. 
 
Richard Molyneux  
Yes, sorry, the accounting piece, it's shown in cost of sales. So it's not shown as a revenue item. It's 
shown in cost of sales. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, thank you. Probably. I'll come to you Shailesh. I think a lot of things around launches also about 
your EBITDA margin guidance from here on as well as EV production, rare earths, particularly here in 
India. And how do you see the discounts playing out from here? 
 
Shailesh Chandra  
Sure. So as far as Sierra is concerned, it is very much on track. We had always mentioned that this is 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
11 
 
 
going to get launched in H2, whether it will be quarter three or quarter four. I think we will let you 
know when we are closer to the date of the launch. But it is on track. As far as proﬁtability is concerned. 
I think Dhiman has covered this in greater detail. We are very committed to bringing it back to the 
double digit EBITDA level. The next one or two quarters will be challenged. But you know the operating 
leverage coming back, model mix improving from here on, the potential price increase that Dhiman 
mentioned in H2 of the year, I think all these are going to help us. And also, as you know, ﬁrst quarter 
was also impacted because of IPL spends that is getting normalized, marketing spends that we'll be 
doing. So I think beyond that I'll again ask Dhiman to later on talk about any additional things that we 
have missed. But we are very conﬁdent of coming back to these EBITDA levels in the next two to three 
quarters. Now the other question is EV production, vis-a-vis rare earth challenge that we are seeing. I 
think we are covered as far as the stock is concerned for the next two to three months and we have 
created alternatives to deal with the situation. Of course, it means alternative sourcing from beyond 
China also, but also seeing wherever possible we can avoid rare earth. I think all these options are 
being looked into. So hopefully we should not be aﬀected because of the rare earth inventory issue 
that is going on. 
 
The next question is how much is the increase in discounts on quarter-on-quarter basis? As I said that 
we have been very prudent in terms of not allowing stock to increase too much, while we had to do 
discount, had to counter the competition, discounts in certain segments. But this increase on quarter-
to-quarter basis would not have been more than 50 bps. So that kind of a number. Yeah, that's it I 
think. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Girish coming to you in terms of utilization, the dichotomy, the data saying. The level 
of utilization, what levels do new ﬂeet additions come in and the utilization in HCV, cargo, why is 
industry TIV still dropping and what's aﬀecting the sentiment? Can we just cover that? 
 
Girish Wagh  
Yeah. So see, you will appreciate that this ﬂeet utilization metric and data is something that we started 
generating for last few quarters. We don't have a correlation today to very speciﬁcally say that beyond 
a particular level of ﬂeet utilization, it leads to new purchases. And in addition to that I think this is also 
dependent on few other factors like what are the projects undergoing in that particular state, how are 
the other end use sectors of commercial vehicles are doing, etc.  So I think the only thing I would say 
is that the ﬂeet utilization actually continues to be healthy and at a higher level as compared to the 
same period last year. I think you also have a question that despite the ﬂeet utilization being good, 
why the volumes have gone down? So, I would say that actually this fleet utilization also was seen in 
good pipeline generation. But throughout ﬁrst quarter, we saw that generally there was a 
postponement in purchase decision making by customers. And then later on of course, there was an 
early onset of monsoon which therefore, impacted the volumes, especially in the month of June. So 
despite being end of the quarter, the retail volumes were not so high and we immediately align our oﬀ 
take to the retails. In addition to that, I would say that there are few states where the payments in 
government projects have been delayed in at least towards the end of Q1. And that was also something 
which was impacting the retail volumes in Q1. There was another question, Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. so, related point was on delinquencies. I think Kapil had asked it earlier. Related point, how do 
you see delinquencies in the CV segment? And Financing availability? 
 
Girish Wagh  
Yeah, so delinquencies I think in buses and vans there is no issue whatsoever. In ILMCVs and HCVs, 
they remain at a low level. I think in SCV pickup the delinquencies amongst all the segments they do 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
12 
 
 
remain high. But the good thing is that Tata Motor's portfolio as shown by the financiers to us of small 
commercial vehicle and pickup has actually improved on the early delinquencies which is seen in the 
ﬁrst six months. 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Girish. Shailesh, coming to you. This is on CAFE 3. Jinesh Gandhi from Oaklane. Considering 
CAFE 3 guidelines are yet to be ﬁnalized. Do you expect pushback of timelines and what do you expect 
growth for PV in FY26 and any material pickup in demand you expect in second half based on lower 
tax and interest rates? 
 
Shailesh Chandra  
As far as CAFE 3 guidelines are concerned you know, we are in touch with the Ministry of mainly of the 
Bureau of Energy Eﬃciency and we are having this discussion with Ministry of Power also. But we don't 
see any change in the timelines. The discussions are more around the extent of stringency that is being 
asked for. So, I don't see any pushback as far as timelines are concerned. 
The second question is more in terms of expectation of domestic PV industry growth. Seeing ﬁrst four 
months has been absolutely zero percent growth. In fact last two months has been negative by 3% and 
we have maintained that for the full year, we are going to see about, again less than 5% growth. And 
that's what I would like to maintain for the industry. And in the second half, there has to be actually 
material pickup in demand, otherwise we would not be in even around 4%-5% of growth. So I believe 
because of all the actions that you have also mentioned in your question lowering  tax, lower interest 
rates, the repo rate has been reduced and now it is reaching to the retail level also. And also we believe 
that rural demand is going to be strong post monsoon. So, all this year and strong festive period 
because we are seeing the demand pattern pretty much mimicking what we had seen in the last 
ﬁnancial year. And last ﬁnancial year had a very strong festive as well as December sales. So, we believe 
that the trend would continue. So quite hopeful of this. 
 
And then the last question is on share of retails from digitally generated leads. I think this would be 
about 10% to 15%. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Richard, coming to you in terms of demand conditions in US, UK and China, do you expect 
how do you see the Q2 retail wholesale trends? I would probably add to it also with your comments 
on inventory as well. 
 
Richard Molyneux  
On demand, the uncertainty, I think that's been so pervasive over the last few months, it has deﬁnitely 
impacted demand for ticket luxury purchases across the board. So, many of our clients are small 
business owners only facing the same tariﬀ challenges. Now that we've got some certainty going 
forward, I think we would expect this to slowly recover. But demand has been weaker than we would 
like since our year end. In terms of regional splits, if anything, the US is remaining still relatively solid. 
China deﬁnitely, since the introduction of the China luxury tax has continued to slow. The UK is 
reasonably stable and Europe I think is the market where that small business owner uncertainty has 
probably had the most eﬀect. So, I'd say certainly muted in the ﬁrst quarter, driven by the uncertainty 
of the macro environment that we all face. But as that starts to stabilize through the back end of the 
year, we would expect that to recover slightly. So our retailer inventory levels are at probably the top 
end of our range at the moment. So we would not expect wholesales and retails to signiﬁcantly diverge 
from here and we'll manage them together with our retailer body. We still have a strong order bank 
and we are expecting demand to slowly recover as certainty or rather lack of uncertainty takes hold. 
 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
13 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, also since you're commenting on other market, just talk Middle east as well. That's not been 
asked but it's just a logical next question coming up. 
 
Richard Molyneux  
Yeah, Middle east is a really strong market for us. This quarter was a little bit aﬀected by the fact that 
I think as a result of the conﬂict over in that zone, a fair few of them left the region on their summer 
journeys earlier than usual but particularly for Range Rover and Defender, it remains an absolutely 
core market for us and that is why we both, externally in our reporting, but also internally we have 
now separated out MENA from the other Overseas market so that we can give it the attention it needs. 
It is deﬁnitely ripe for some further growth for Range Rover and Defender and ultimately Jaguar as 
well. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 Thanks Richard. Girish, coming to you. In terms of CV full year outlook, we heard from Shailesh, how 
do you see CV full year? 
 
Girish Wagh 
So, I think we still maintain that for the entire year and within that I think HCV should do similar around 
3% to 5% kind of a growth. ILMCV a bit lower, SCV pickup probably will remain ﬂat. The volume should 
pick up from the festive season. In terms of buses and van while the projection is ﬂat, but I think Q1 
has done well. But Q1 and Q4 are generally good for buses and vans. I think it is very important to see 
how Q2 and Q3 pan out and also what kind of tenders come from the government, both ICE and 
electric. Based on that we can say whether the volumes remain ﬂat or there will be a good growth 
even in buses. So that's where we see the whole year, Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Maybe this is more Ramanan your side on the margin performance, can you let us know why have 
gross margins improved quarter-on-quarter - this is from Kapil. in light of higher steel prices and AC 
cabin impact, are these sustainable and how much of PLI was coming onto it then? Probably basis PLI 
for Dhiman, I'll come to you in terms of PLI for PV for this year. 
 
G.V. Ramanan 
 
Yeah. So thanks, Balaji. So I think the reason for the Q-on-Q margin largely impacted by a combination 
of couple of things. One I think better realization and then the revenue salience in international market 
and the downstream business has been higher than the earlier quarter. So, that's kind of helped us 
from a margin perspective. On the question on sustainability, I think Girish does touch upon any focus 
area that's a clear focus area for us to sustained robust ﬁnancial performance. So, we kind of look 
forward to it. There's a question on PLI. So I think the Q1 accrual of PLI was around Rs. 25 crores and 
as Girish rightly said we expect the volumes to be increasing in the bus. So as the year goes by, we see 
this amount going up for us. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Dhiman, can you just cover oﬀ PLI for PV as well? 
 
Dhiman Gupta  
Yeah. So I think Balaji, we had given a guidance that our PLI run rate will be about Rs. 110-120 crore a 
quarter. We are on track. The PLI this quarter was about Rs. 115 crore. What is important to note is 
that you have a base year eﬀect of FY21 which kicks in Q1. So Rs. 20 crore gets deducted from the gross 
and then there is a discounting impact because this cash is going to come next year. So our P&L of 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
14 
 
 
course was about Rs. 87 crore. But for the full year this already takes into account the PLI we are 
accruing on Punch and Tiago. We have Nexon coming in and Harrier.ev. So for the full year we are on 
track to get about Rs. 700 crore PLI approval for the full year. 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. Thank you. Richard, coming back to you. Timelines on deliveries of RR Electric and Jaguar Electric 
and as well as implication on China demand. You covered it a little bit. Maybe there's more questions 
coming over. This got bumped up implication on China demand post the luxury tax. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay, let's talk about BEV timing ﬁrst. I think that's the ﬁrst point. So we're still lucky in that our main 
vehicle application, the ones that sits under Range Rover / Range Rover Sport is fully ICE BEV ﬂexible. 
The vehicles go down the same trim and ﬁnal line. They go down virtually the same body shop line. So, 
we are really ﬂexible. We can launch when we're ready and when our customers are ready. We expect 
it to be on sale next year. Our rollout of BEVs will go from there. For Jag, the on sale date is going to 
vary a little bit by market. I think what's really important, especially where demand is that in both cases 
we are not going to compromise on the quality of the vehicles or their capability. It's really important 
for us that these BEVs are in fact true Range Rovers, true Defenders, true Jaguars. They will be brilliant 
exemplars of their brand and that's why we are conﬁdent that we can make them successful not just 
in the western markets but also in China. In terms of demand in China at the moment it's still, I mean 
the change in luxury tax was we had about 48 hours notice like the rest of the industry and it came in 
mid to late July I think, so only two, maybe three weeks ago. So, a little bit early to see what's 
happened. What we have done for the moment for the interim is we have told our retailers who we 
know are not in the best ﬁnancial shape generally that's not something that's speciﬁc to JLR, that's 
industry wide. We have told our retailers that for the short term we will take the cost of that luxury 
tax. The network, the retailer network over there is fragile enough without having to take that. So in 
the short term before we come up with a medium term plan but in short term we will take the cost of 
that. It is an extra 10% on the list price of the vehicle. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Richard. Maybe we'll skip to another topic, this from Chandramouli, Goldman Sachs. Let 
me try and skip to EV and I'll come back to JLR in a minute. There appears to be a year-on-year drop in 
EBITDA margin for electric cars. Could you elaborate the rationale? At the same time, given the low 
volume growths, will the discounting be high throughout FY26?  
 
Shailesh Chandra 
So, year-on-year EBITDA margin for electric cars. It's not the right question.  
Yes, so I'm going to cover the PV one which is 1% to 2% PV volume growth plus this potentially. So see 
we have been seeing that there are clear segments, there are speciﬁc models where we are seeing a 
signiﬁcantly high level of discounts. Main pressure is, in this less than Rs. 10 lakh segment is where I 
sit, where the demand is under stress. It has seen a nearly 15% decline, as compared to last year. So 
this segment is under stress and we'll continue to see discounting. We are also now started seeing, 
kind of a ﬂattish trend in SUVs and that is also something which we need to watch out for. How the 
discounting environment would be. I think, where the trend will remain strong. We have seen in the 
ﬁrst quarter CNG continuing to do well with 20% growth this year. We also see that EVs are going to 
see about 70%-75% growth. 
 
The next question is around when you expect the demand environment internally. We already talked 
about how we are going to, how with the new model launches, our growth is going to be better. 
Hopefully, from now on industry – in hatches, as I said that while industry is declining by 14% we are 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
15 
 
 
seeing growth here. There are new launches, Harrier Petrol, Safari Petrol is going to come. Harrier EV 
is doing well. Then we have Sierra which is going to come. So I think we have a lot of launches in the 
coming quarters. So I think it should signiﬁcantly improve from here on. 
 
P.B.Balaji 
 
Thanks Shailesh. Richard, coming to you a different one on the tariff. This is more about the quotas. 
100,000 units per annum imports into US from the UK that can be done at 10% duty. Would that cover 
all of our imports into the US coming from UK? And also how do we intend to manage it? What are the 
kind of price increase, mix benefits that we are planning to manage this? 
 
Richard Molyneux  
So it's 100,000 units as you say, at 10%. We think that that will be enough to cover the volume that we 
would do within the US for this year. The deal eﬀective 8 May, if you do a pro rata from 8 May to the 
end of the year the quota is 65,200 vehicles. We think again that will be suﬃcient in terms of the 
mechanism for the purposes of this year. It's going to be on a ﬁrst come, ﬁrst serve basis. Next year 
we're working with the UK and US teams to make sure there are some rules and structure brought in. 
The free for all almost certainly will do nobody any good. So for this year we think we're okay for next 
year we'll be working with the governments to try and come up with something which is a little bit 
more organised than a free for all. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Shailesh, coming to you   this is from Kapil, what do you think worked well for Harrier.ev? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yes. When you compare with any high SUV segment cars, irrespective of whether it is an EV or ICE, this 
is a car which is signiﬁcantly superior in terms of not only performance but all the kind of new tech 
features which has gone inside this car. Whether you talk about the whole Dolby experience or the 
kind of screens that has been given, 540 degree view, or for example, the APA which is auto parking 
summon mode and all this is something which people did not imagine in this kind of a car. And on top 
of that, this is the ﬁrst trim which is an army drag. And people saw its capability that elephant rock 
climb, people were just amazed and surprised with the capability that an EV can really deliver. So those 
were the primary reason and that's the reason why this is being completely compared, not only 
compared with ICE, but it is being seen signiﬁcantly superior to 50% more in terms of torque what you 
get in this segment. So that has been really taken well and from a EV perspective, when I see from that 
lens the barriers which used to be around range, this delivers a 500 kilometer range, real range, which 
breaks the barrier around range, you know which used to be a concern. Range anxiety we used to call. 
Then all of this comes at no incremental price. This is at price parity rather if not slightly better than 
ICE. So I think it has just ticked all the boxes what people could imagine or it has more than ticked the 
boxes that people expect in this kind of a category of car. And this has become a highly desirable vehicle 
in the segment. 
  
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks Shailesh. Girish, coming to you. This is from Jinesh Gandhi from Oaklane . Can you talk about 
the upcoming CSL tender for 10,900 E-buses? Do they address your two concerns and do we intend to 
participate again? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Right, so yes, I think we have been engaging with the government for almost last three years and 
therefore over the last three years we are not participating in the tender. We had two speciﬁc requests. 
One is a payment security mechanism and herein we worked with CESL and some of the other 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
16 
 
 
government agencies and a payment security mechanism based on the one used for Solar Energy 
Corporation has been worked out and it is there currently in the tender document. So this to a large 
extent meets our requirement on payment security guideline. Our second requirement was about 
having an asset light model. While this has not been addressed fully and exactly the way we want, but 
even this to a good extent addresses what we were expecting. But herein I think this will now call for 
a formation of a consortium with an operator who can run the buses and a ﬁnancier who can bring in 
capital. And therefore I think we will now be working with financier as well as operators, whom we can 
bring together form a consortium and our Smart City subsidiary, then will be part of that particular 
consortium and OEM Tata Motors will sell buses to this consortium. So that's something that we will 
work out. Meanwhile, I think there is a good understanding that we now have on the proﬁtability for 
operating the buses. I think we have been able to develop or build this model over the last three years 
with good experience and therefore we know what are the value creating quotes, etc. which is what 
we will participate in the upcoming tender. 
 
Balaji, he has another question on ACE Pro?  
 
P.B.Balaji 
 
ACE Pro and ACE Pro EV, what are the feedback on ACE and ACE Pro EV and how do you think is 
likely to ramp up your volumes? 
 
Girish Wagh 
 
Yeah, so I must say that ACE Pro EV and also ACE Pro Bifuel Petrol, all three the feedback has been very 
good. I think the value proposition has been appreciated very well, especially the price at which it has 
been launched and the capability and features that have been given. We also had a very unique launch 
wherein we did launches in 10 cities across the country. It was a two-day aﬀair wherein not just the 
media but we also got in the inﬂuencers, key customers, ﬁnanciers, all of them there and all of them 
were also made to drive the vehicle. So we have very extensive feedback from these drive sessions. 
Generally, the participants have appreciated the pickup, the comfort, suspension, power and I think 
many of them have felt that it actually oﬀers a very good option for intra city last mile transportation. 
In terms of capacity and ramp up we don't see any issue and we are going to in fact start ramping up 
from this month itself. Not just EV but even the bifuel and petrol version.  
, 
Balaji, I'll just also answer Jinesh has asked one question about, pre buy due to AC Norm's introduction. 
So Jinesh, I would like to tell you that frankly, we have not seen any pre buy. There has been no pre 
buy whatsoever in HCVs and ILMCVs due to the AC norms which in my view is a good thing. I mean it 
shows the maturity in the market and in terms of your question about how the market will pan out 
over the next nine months. Since the Q1 has been more or less ﬂat, the 3% to 5% growth that I have 
spoken about should now happen over the next nine months. Balaji, back to you. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Girish. Richard, coming to you maybe to wrap the whole tariﬀ impact up question from 
Kapil. Now that the tariﬀs are clear both in EU and in UK, how much will the impact be? How much will 
it reduce from the current quarter in term of bps? How are you assuming this? 
 
Richard Molyneux  
Okay, on the assumption that the 15% reduction for Europe does become eﬀective on or around the 
1st of August. Remember that is the one uncertainty still in the market. We think this year when you 
take it in the whole for a full FY26 year, you're probably talking somewhere between GBP500 million 
and GBP600 million eﬀect of tariﬀs for the year net of the oﬀsetting measures that we put in, on a 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
17 
 
 
more perpetual basis on a 10% and 15% basis, probably more around 300, 400 range.  
However, I will caveat that by saying look a lot of it will depend on how the market reacts in terms of 
demand and in terms of pricing. So, those would be sort of the type of estimates that I would use. 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Just staying with you there. You had good US retail trends on a year-on-year basis even in July. Is it 
because dealers are selling pre-tariﬀ inventory or customers expecting full pass through on tariﬀs 
happening in the coming months? What's the read there? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
I think there probably is a little bit of an expectation by customers that prices are more likely to be 
rising than falling. So, getting in there now also typically around this time of year in the US there's the 
move from '25 model year to '26 model year cars. So retailers will be trying to  sell their '25 model year 
cars before '26 lands on their stores. So there's a little bit of seasonality that normally happens in the 
couple of months before you change your model year-over in the US. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. Thanks Shailesh, coming to you in terms of Nexon.ev powertrain for the higher wattage, are we 
looking to shift supplier base to India and when do you expect it to be 100% local source? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
See we are you know as far as battery pack is concerned and the e-drive is concerned it is completely 
localized, so it is already being made in India. 
  
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. Okay. Richard, a comment on Forex. If you did not pick up, this is basically with the USD 
appreciation. I suspect you're referring to pound appreciation here. How much impact of dollar 
weakness is already in the P&L and assuming that due to hedging bulk of the impact is yet to come? 
  
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, look, we have a reasonably good hedge portfolio. Actually the thing that we're most exposed to is 
the dollar-euro cross because we're long dollar short euro. So the move of that over the last months 
or so during the quarter, I know it's currently at 1.15. I think it was probably at 1.04-1.05 at the start 
of the year. That's the one that hurts us more. And we're keeping a close eye on that cross to make 
sure it does not get any worse for us. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Okay. I think Vinay's questions, most of it we have covered already. We've covered accounting, we 
have covered PLI, we talked JLR, VME. I think they covered everything there. So let me see if there's 
any other questions that you have not covered. 
It's an interesting question from Kapil, Girish coming to you in terms of consumer sentiment, how 
exactly we measure it because one would expect that with the good monsoon the sentiment should 
have picked up but that's not playing out as you as one would expect. What are we missing? 
 
Girish Wagh  
Yeah, so as I've been saying, I think the sentiment is actually a combination of two factors which is 
satisfaction with the current status and how do they look into the near future, say next three, six 
months. And I think what we've seen across the segments, apart from maybe ILCV, I think the 
satisfaction with the current status is something which has dropped from Q4 to Q1. But the good thing 
is that the expectations from the future still remains optimistic. So I think that's how I would break 

  
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                                     August 08, 2025 
 
18 
 
 
down the sentiment survey again in almost all the segments. 
And I think to a large part, I would say it is also expected in the sense I think the early onset of monsoon 
have in a manner of speaking also given us the Q2 sentiment scores into Q1. I think that's a timing 
change which has happened this year. 
  
P.B. Balaji 
Okay, this is Richard coming way on ﬁnancing. One is the cash ﬂow recovery in the rest of the year. 
What would be the key drivers for it? Any year-end inventory upswing expected because of managing 
the quotas and any reﬁnancing plans that you have in place. We haven't talked about the UKEF 
ﬁnancing. Maybe you could cover that as well as part of that. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah, why don't I do that ﬁrst? So, we signed a few days ago a GBP1 billion UKEF backed loan facility 
in the UK to boost our liquidity. That is not yet drawn but it's going to be available very shortly. Our 
next maturity is a $700 million bond that is due in October. So, we boosted our short-term liquidity. 
The question in the ﬁrst question, cash ﬂow recovery. So, obviously we paid a couple of hundred million 
pounds in tariﬀs in Q1, and that will be signiﬁcantly smaller in future quarters. We will have working 
capital come back in our favor again. Remember out of our GBP758 million hit in the quarter in terms 
of operating cash, GBP616 million is working capital and the vast majority of that is cyclical. Also 
normally for us we would have higher wholesale volume in the second half of the year than the ﬁrst 
half of the year. So there's a few things that I would play on in that. 
The question around, are we planning on adjusting delivery timings for the ﬁrst set? Remember, the 
ﬁrst quota is the 65,000 that is applicable up until 31st of December this year. At the moment, we're 
not anticipating that the UK industry will breach that. So, we're not changing our plans. As of next year, 
The way the quota works is it's actually a quarterly quota of 25,000 units. Any part of the ﬁrst quarter 
that isn't used gets added to the third quarter's number. Any part of the second quarter that isn't get 
used doesn't get used, gets added to the fourth quarter. So there is some ﬂexibility during the year 
and we'll manage that as we get through 2026. My intent, as I mentioned beforehand with our 
intensive company, is to work with the UK and US governments to have something that is absolutely 
not a brief rule by the time we start next year's 100,000 unit on batch three. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Great, thanks. I think with this we have come to the last of the questions. Once again, thanks all of you 
for your probing questions. Just to summarize, a very challenging quarter on multiple fronts, 
particularly on the JLR side. But I think we are coming out of as we get ﬁnish this quarter and come out 
into this Q2 and then subsequently into the second half, lots of things that are underway in terms of 
interventions, be it in JLR, CV or in PV, which will help us sequentially start improving from here on. 
And one does expect to have a pretty strong second half as these things come into place. So thank you 
once again and more than happy for clarifying any further questions that you may have. Do feel free 
to reach out to the investor relations team. Thank you. Speak to you soon. 
 
 
