 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLC056696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 35555 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 6003 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2025-26 / 103 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Wednesday, July 23, 2025 
Ref:  
Our earlier intimation with Ref. No. NSE & BSE / 2025-26 / 100 dated July 23, 2025 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill  
(Para A) (15) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish 
to submit the transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Wednesday, July 23, 2025, for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website as follows: 
 
Analyst-call-Transcript-Q1FY26.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
 
Encl: As above 
Amit 
Murari 
Atre
Digitally signed 
by Amit Murari 
Atre 
Date: 2025.07.29 
23:18:29 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
FIRST QUARTER, FY26 ENDED JUNE 30, 2025” 
7:00 PM IST, Wednesday, July 23, 2025 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Vice President, Finance and Strategy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems 
Earning Conference Call for the first quarter of FY26, ended June 30, 
2025. We have with us on the call today, Dr. Anand Deshpande, Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra, Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Vinit Teredesai, Executive Director and Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi, Vice President, Finance and 
Strategy. Please note, all participants' line will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after Management's 
opening remarks. Should you need any assistance during the conference 
call, please raise your hand from the participant tab on the screen. While 
asking questions, request you to please identify yourself and your 
company. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand over 
the conference to Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi. Thank you and over to you Sir.  
 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Vandit. A very good day, good afternoon and good evening to 
everyone on this call. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. 
Sandeep will begin with an overview of our results and commentary on 
business. Vinit will take you through the financial details and key 
operational metrics for this quarter. I will then provide an overview of 
our key deal wins and awards and recognitions for this quarter. Sandeep 
will come back for a quick summary of the prepared remarks, post which 
we will open the conference for questions. Let me also remind you that 
as part of our prepared remarks and during Q&A, we may make certain 
statements which are forward-looking and may involve significant 
uncertainty. Persistent does not take any responsibility to update such 
forward-looking statements and your discretion is warranted while 
making any investment decisions. With this, let me hand over to Sandeep 
for his prepared remarks. 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thanks, Saurabh. Good morning, good evening to everyone on this call. I 
hope all of you are doing well. Let me now start with a quick financial 
summary.  
For Q1 FY 2026, we delivered a revenue of US $389.7 million, a healthy 
growth of 3.9% quarter-on-quarter and 18.8% year-on-year.  
- 
In rupee terms, growth for the quarter came in at 2.8% quarter-on-
quarter and 21.8% year-on-year.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
- 
In constant currency terms, this translates into 3.3% quarter-on-
quarter.  
- 
This marks our 21st sequential quarter of growth.  
The EBIT margin for the quarter came in at 15.5%. This translates into an 
EBIT growth of 2.5% quarter on quarter and 34.8% year on year in 
absolute terms despite unfavorable currency movement this quarter.  
Profit after tax for the quarter came in at 12.7%, a growth of 7.4% 
quarter on quarter and 38.7% year on year in absolute terms. 
 
Vinit will provide a detailed color on the financials and margin movement 
later in this call.  
Coming to the order book for the quarter 
- 
The Total Contract Value (TCV) for the quarter stood at USD 520.8 
million, with TCV of new bookings coming in at USD 337.0 million.   
- 
Annual contract value of this TCV is USD 385.3 million, out of which 
the ACV from new bookings contributed US $211.8 million.  
As highlighted in earlier calls, our revenue conversion on a quarterly basis 
is a function of ACV bookings done in previous quarters, as well as the 
conversion from multi-year deals booked in previous years, which are 
included in our TCV bookings that we announce on a quarterly basis.  
Now let me give you some color on our client movement across various 
reported categories.  
This quarter, we witnessed healthy year-on-year growth in US dollar 
terms among our various client buckets, with 
- 
the top 5 customers' revenue growing by 22.8%,  
- 
top 10 by 20.2%,  
- 
top 20 by 23.1%,  
- 
top 50 by 22.7%, and  
- 
top 100 by 22.4%.  
As you would notice, there is a secular increase in revenue across all 
categories in our top 100 accounts. 
Coming to the year-on-year movement of customers across various 
reported buckets in trailing 12 months revenue terms.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
- 
Customers with greater than 75 million revenue increased from 3 to 4 
on a year-on-year basis.  
- 
Customers with 50 million plus remained at 4.  
- 
Customers in the 20 million plus category increased from 10 to 12.  
- 
In the 10 million plus category increased from 19 to 22.  
- 
Customers in 5 million plus category saw a significant increase from 
41 to 56 over the last one year.  
- 
Customers in 1 million plus category increased from 178 to 190.  
The healthy growth in various client categories is reflective of the trust 
our clients put in us and our ability to build stronger scalable 
relationships with them over a period of time. 
Coming to the performance across geographies. 
In terms of year-on-year growth this quarter in USD terms,  
- 
North America grew by 17.4%,  
- 
Europe by 37.5%,  
- 
India by 18.3%,  
- 
Rest of the world declined by 1.7%.  
Now let me give you this quarter's performance from an industry 
segment perspective.  
- 
This quarter's growth was led by BFSI vertical followed by software 
high-tech and emerging industries and healthcare life sciences, which 
grew 30.7%, 14.1% and 12.4% respectively on a year-on-year basis. 
- 
You would have noticed that our healthcare life sciences vertical 
declined by 2.1% quarter-on-quarter for Q1. This decline was majorly 
on account of revenue impact due to the planned transition of effort 
from on-site to offshore in some of the larger customers.  
Coming to a couple of important organizational updates.  
- 
Yogesh Patgaonkar, our Chief People Officer, will retire from his role 
effective July 31, 2025. We extend our deep appreciation to him for 
his invaluable contributions in shaping and advancing our talent 
agenda during the pivotal phase of our scaling.  
- 
Rajiv Nathani, who joined us in February 2025, will assume the role of 
Chief People Officer effective August 1, 2025, as part of a planned 
succession. Rajiv will drive talent transformation, harnessing AI-driven 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
intelligence and people-first practices to build a high-performance, 
future-ready workforce for us.  
- 
We also recently welcomed Shimona Chadha as our new Chief 
Marketing Officer. She will be driving our global marketing strategy, 
strengthening brand positioning and enabling business growth 
through integrated marketing initiatives. Shimona will be based out of 
our New Jersey office in the U.S.  
Coming to the celebration of our 15th anniversary 
As you would know, Persistent went IPO 15 years ago.  
Last quarter, we organized multiple customer events including one at the 
iconic NASDAQ Tower and another one in Silicon Valley. In continuation 
to these events, this quarter, we are proud to be ringing the closing bell 
at the National Stock Exchange tomorrow, that is July 24th. This occasion 
is a testament to the hard work, commitment and loyalty of our long-
standing team members and we are deeply honored to share this 
celebration with them.  
Coming to the updates on our AI progress 
As articulated previously, Persistent is pivoting to an AI-led platform-
driven strategy, structured primarily around two core areas.  
- 
The first one being AI for Technology, wherein we are focusing on 
enhancing engineering productivity and modernizing tech stacks to 
deliver faster time to market and competitive differentiation for 
enterprise software companies, as well as enterprise IT or technology 
arms.  
- 
AI for Business, focusing on enabling enterprises to become AI-ready 
and adopting agentic AI thereafter to reimagine business processes, 
customer experiences and operational workflows.  
Let me first give you a little bit of color on AI for Technology.  
- 
In the quarter gone by, we launched SAVA 3.0, a transformative 
upgrade to our generative, deterministic, AI-powered digital 
engineering platform, SASVA. In the new release, this streamlines the 
software development lifecycle, right from product definition, coding, 
release management and support, thereby defining and delivering 
significant productivity gains.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
- 
Since enterprises are able to leverage SASVA train and customize the 
platform for building their enterprise applications and business use 
cases in a seamless and secure manner. This is even more relevant to 
an important in the context of highly regulated industries, such as 
banking financial services and healthcare and life sciences.  
- 
SASVA is built using multiple custom language models and can 
function using a limited number of GPUs, thereby containing the cost 
involved in scaling enterprise adoption as compared to hosted 
models.  
- 
The innovations in SASVA are powered and backed by 55-plus patents 
across data intelligence, AI infrastructure, productivity, autonomous 
agents and security, up from 35 in Q4 FY25.  
- 
As a fun fact, I would like to call out that SASVA 3.0 was built 
leveraging SASVA itself, demonstrating its self-improving productivity 
promise.  
- 
We are seeing good traction with our customer base for engineering 
productivity across verticals, driving significant improvements in tech 
debt remediation and software release frequency.  
To give you an example of AI for tech - For a large capital markets 
software provider, we rebuilt their core risk management platform in less 
than six months using SASVA's AI-assisted assessments, planning and 
implementation versus traditional methods that would have taken us 
more than 18 months. This resulted in accelerated tech remediation on 
one hand and a faster go-to market, leading to revenue acceleration for 
our customer on the other.  
Coming to AI for business:  
In our AI for business focus, we're working on two pivots.  
1. Getting enterprises ready for product-based AI adoption and 
number two, developing agentic AI capabilities for specific use cases 
across our industry verticals.  
As you would know, large enterprises typically grow over a period of 
time with a combination of organic growth as well as acquisitions and 
this leads to a number of disparate systems that leverage legacy 
technologies and may not communicate well with each other. As a 
first step towards an enterprise-wide AI adoption, we've been 
working with a multitude of Fortune 1000 customers on modernizing 
their data architecture as well as building custom platforms to 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
address their business needs, leveraging platforms and technologies 
from our hyperscaler partners as well as other technology companies 
such as Databricks and Snowflake in addition to our own IPs.  
 
To give you an example of some of these industry-specific agentic 
solutions, looking at the financial services segment, we have built an 
underwriter agent based on Salesforce Agentforce platform for loan 
origination. This agent automates first stage of document verification 
and leverages a reasoning engine to process the documentation to 
take decisions autonomously and fast-tracks the loan document 
verification as well as significantly enhancing human underwriters 
work efficiency.  
 
Similarly, in the healthcare life sciences space, we have leveraged the 
Google agentic platforms for building an agent that we're calling 
SciMitra Agent. This agent accelerates scientific discovery in 
complementing our Pi-OmniKG, which is a knowledge graph-based 
solution. 
Enabling our foray into AI for tech and AI for business are our 
investments in building capabilities around a Digital Trust Layer in all our 
platforms encompassing the tenets of Responsible AI, security, and 
governance. Our acquisition of Arrka last year has strengthened this 
capability and is tightly integrated across all our platforms around SASVA, 
iAURA, and GenAI Hub.  
With this, in summary, we are happy with the progress that we are 
making in our AI journey and we will continue to build on the momentum 
that we've already established.  
Let me now invite Vinit to share with you the financial details for the 
quarter. Vinit, over to you. 
Vinit Teredesai:  
Thank you, Sandeep. Good evening and good day to all. Thank you for 
taking time out to join us today.  
Let me now take you through the financial highlights for the quarter gone 
by.  
- 
Q1 FY26 revenue stood at US dollars 389.7 million dollars, registering 
a year-on-year growth of 18.8 percent.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
- 
In rupee terms, it translates into 33,335.9 million, a growth of 21.8 
percent year-on-year.  
- 
EBIT margin for Q1 FY26 came in at 15.5 percent, 150 basis points 
improvement year-on-year.  
- 
In rupee terms, EBIT for this quarter was Rs.5,178.1 million, 
translating to a growth of 34.8 percent year-on-year.  
Let me now give a quarter-on-quarter EBIT margin walkthrough.  
Starting with the tailwinds this quarter: 
- 
There was a lower ESOP cost which helped the margin by 230 basis 
points 
In terms of headwinds: 
- 
Absence of earn-out reversal this quarter has resulted in headwind of 
60 basis points.  
- 
In some of our accounts where we had planned transition from on-
site to offshore, we have continued to retain our on-site resources in 
order to de-risk the project. This will get normalized over a period of 
time. Additionally, we witnessed delayed ramp-ups in some of our 
accounts. All of these together have impacted our margins by 100 
basis points.  
- 
Higher amortization cost impacted margin by 40 basis points. 
- 
Unfavorable currency moments impacted margin by 40 basis points. 
All these put together resulted in a net decrease of 10 basis points in our 
EBIT margin sequentially.  
Historically, we have rolled out our annual wage hike in the month of 
July. In view of the current uncertain business scenario, we have decided 
to postpone our wage hike by a quarter.  
Other income, net of finance costs, stood at Rs. 187.3 million as against 
Rs.153.5 million last quarter. There was a foreign exchange gain of Rs. 
188.7 million this quarter versus a loss of Rs.154.3 million in Q4 of FY25 
primarily on account of mark-to-market gain on outstanding hedges and 
realization and restatement of our credit loss.  
Effective tax rate for the quarter came in at 23.5% compared to 21.7% in 
Q4 of FY25. We expect our overall effective tax rate for the year to 
remain in the range of 22.5% to 23.5% going forward. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
Profit after tax was Rs. 4,249.4 million, a growth of 38.7% year-on-year. 
This translates to a PAT margin of 12.7%.  
Earnings per share were Rs.27.4 per share in Q1 of FY26 compared to Rs. 
25.60 per share in the previous quarter. Year-on-year growth in EPS was 
36.5%.  
On the back of better collections, our total cash and investment saw an 
improvement this quarter and stood at Rs.307.8 million as on June 30, 
2025.  
Return on Capital Employed (RoCE), excluding cash from capital 
employed for Q1 FY26 came in at 43.8% versus 38.7%, an improvement 
of 510 basis points from the same quarter last year.  
In this quarter, billed DSO came in at 56 days, an improvement of 2 days 
compared to the last quarter while unbilled DSO came in at 20 days, an 
improvement of 3 days compared to the last quarter.  
Our operating cash flow to PAT for Q1 FY26 stands at 98.6%.  
Forward contracts outstanding as of June 30, 2025 were 440 million US 
Dollars at an average rate of Rs. 86.90 per dollar. 
Now let me give you some key operational updates.  
- 
At the end of Q1 FY26, our total headcount stood at Rs. 25,314, an 
increase of 1821 resources from Q1 of previous fiscal year and 746 
quarter on quarter.  
- 
Trailing 12-month attrition, this quarter came in at 13.9% compared 
to 11.9% in Q1 last year and it continues to be within acceptable 
reach.  
All our resolutions placed in this year’s Annual General Meeting were 
passed with the requisite majority. I would like to take a moment to 
thank all our shareholders for their continued support. 
Coming to ESG updates for the quarter:  
- 
We are delighted to announce the release of fourth edition of 
Sustainability EHG Report for FY24-25. This latest report is prepared 
in accordance with the Global Recruiting Initiative (GRI Standards) 
2021 and complies with the Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Reporting requirements set by Securities and Exchange Board of 
India. Our BRSR report is included in the 35th Annual Report for FY24-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
25 and the BRSR core KPIs have undergone a reasonable level of 
assurance by an independent third party.  
- 
Persistent received Climate Action Award in the service category from 
Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce, acknowledging our 
steadfast commitment to environmental sustainability and our 
proactive efforts in combating climate change.  
- 
Persistent was recognized as the ‘Best Employer - Emerging Inclusive 
Companies (Large Company) by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) 
and applauded for its inclusive work environment.  
Let me now hand over to Saurabh for commentary on key deal wins and 
awards and recognition we have received during the quarter. 
 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thanks, Vinit. Let me now talk about key deal wins for the quarter by 
industry segments.  
Starting off with Software, Hi-tech and Emerging Industries, our largest 
vertical.  
- 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest technology companies in 
the world to replace its legacy on-prem data warehouse and analytics 
product which was declared End of Life. Our long-standing 
relationship with the client along with proactive development of the 
design and delivery of the new product were instrumental in us 
winning this engagement. We are building a modern AI-enabled and 
cost-efficient solution which is compatible with the legacy system 
thereby providing continuity and a migration path to end customers. 
We will be responsible not only for the software roadmap but also its 
compatibility with the underlying hardware as well as on-field and 
remote support. This deal has a revenue-sharing commercial 
construct with a significant opportunity over the next two years. 
- 
Persistent was selected by a global leader in software quality tools for 
a 360 degree engagement which includes takeover of their cloud 
testing platform, extension of existing product engagements and 
transformation using agentic AI use cases. Our SASVA platform 
capabilities were instrumental in us winning this engagement. The 
benefits to the client include building of new products and 
augmentation of existing products with AI-infused features leading to 
growth acceleration for the client.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
Moving on to Banking, Financial Services and Insurance  
- 
Persistent was selected by leading US-based federal corporation to 
replace its legacy debt issuance application with a robust scalable 
platform and also provide UI/UX, DevOps and system integration 
capabilities. This is an example of a proactive deal sourcing by 
Persistent where we showcased our AI capabilities through custom 
use cases built using our SASVA platform. Benefits to the customer 
include a future-ready debt platform for debt issuance, enhanced 
customers experience and automated business processes.  
 
- 
Persistent was selected by a UK-based banking and wealth 
management leader to co-engineer the launch of a digital banking 
platform for its clients. Our digital banking expertise, strong partner 
ecosystem and platforms such as SASVA, iAURA and Persistent Digital 
Banking Studio were key factors in us winning this engagement. The 
benefits to the customer include faster releases and a market-leading 
digital experience to its clients, thereby helping grow the liability 
business and assets under management for the customer.  
Moving next to our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical  
- 
Persistent was selected by a leading life sciences and scientific 
instrumentation player to establish a software center of excellence in 
India. We won this engagement on the back of our strategic 
partnership with the customer and strong capabilities in program 
governance including tracking of KPIs such as system utilization, 
process compliance and adoption maturity. The benefits to the 
customer include optimization of business processes, enhanced 
leadership cadence and resolution of post-transition issues.  
- 
Persistent was selected by a global leader in Clinical Research to build 
a centralized Serious Adverse Event (SAE) tracking and safety report 
distribution portal. This win was on the back of our strong expertise in 
pharma safety and co-vigilance and clinical trial management system. 
The benefits to the customer include engineering of a workflow 
tracking application with secure document exchange while enhancing 
regulatory compliance and operational efficiency.  
Now coming to the awards and recognitions we received during the 
quarter.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
- 
Our Founder and Chairman, Dr. Anand Deshpande, was conferred 
with the Eminent Engineer’s Award 2024 by Engineering Council of 
India as a recognition of his visionary leadership and pioneering 
India's digital engineering success story.  
- 
Persistent was named a ‘Leader’ in ISG Provider LensTM 2025 for 
Digital Engineering.  
- 
Persistent was ranked as a ‘Leader’ in Everest Group Talent Readiness 
for Next-Gen Application Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025, 
recognizing our investments towards skill-based talent practices and 
focus on building AI-enabled workforce.  
- 
Persistent was acknowledged as the ‘Most Honored Company’ in the 
2025 Asia (ex-Mainland China) Executive Team Survey by Extel. 
Among the combined buy-side and sell-side analyst rankings, 
prominent positions include: 
o First position in the category of Best CEO, Company Board of 
Directors and Overall ESG  
o Second ranking under ‘Best IR Program’, and  
o Third ranking under ‘Best IR Team’  
- 
Persistent was recognized as the ‘Next Leader’ by IiAS highlighting our 
continued focus on transparency responsible disclosures and robust 
corporate governance practices.  
With this let me hand it back to Sandeep.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thanks, Saurabh. Let me conclude the prepared remarks by saying that 
we are happy with our performance in Q1 FY26 despite the increased 
caution that we saw among our customers due to macroeconomic and 
geopolitical uncertainties in this quarter.  
We'll continue to strengthen our AI capabilities as well as our sales 
channels and proactively engage with our customers while striving for 
top-quartile growth in our sector.  
We remain committed to our goal of reaching 2 billion dollars by end of 
FY27. With this let me request the operator to open the floor for 
questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait 
for a few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to 
restrict to two questions and then return to the queue for more 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
questions. Please raise your hand from the participant tab on the screen 
to ask questions. The first question is from Mehta Bhavik.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Hi, thank you. So a couple of questions. Firstly Sandeep, you know we 
have seen the constant currency sequential growth slow down 
significantly this time to 3.3 versus an average of 4.5 in the last few 
quarters. Now obviously there was a mention of delayed ramp up to an 
extent but how should we think about the trajectory going forward given 
how the macro is behaving right now? Is 3.5 to 4 the new normal or 
should we expect to go back to that 4 - 4.5 we used to enjoy a couple of 
quarters back?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So first of all, look, we don't give forward-looking guidance, so I'm not 
going to give you a number per se. All I can say is, if you look at the 
overall growth, it was 3.9% in USD terms. The constant currency, the 
currency movements are not necessarily in our hands. I'll leave it there 
but if you look at the order book - order book is healthy. If I look at the 
pipeline - pipeline is healthy. We don't quantify the pipeline for people so 
I'm not going to give you a number on that. All I can say is, the 
environment has been cautious. Decision making has been slow. If the 
environment becomes a little bit better and not just for us, for everyone, 
I think things will be easier. So, if we can deliver good growth in a tough 
macro, I'm pretty sure that as things move through the next several 
quarters and if the market improves, you can yourself do the math.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay, got it. The second question is, obviously it was very good to see 
strong growth in BFSI and Hi-Tech but on the Healthcare side, how should 
we think about the trajectory going forward given the onshore to 
offshore movement being seen in the top line? I mean, will this vertical 
remain under stress for a few more quarters before we start seeing 
growth coming back?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
I don't think there will be further degrowth in the vertical. It will 
definitely be a growth vertical for us during the year. Some of these are 
planned movements as well and I'm pretty reasonably confident all the 
three verticals will grow and we have said publicly in our last earnings 
calls as well. BFSI will lead the growth for us this year, followed by hi-
tech, followed by healthcare life sciences but all of them should grow. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Manik Taneja.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the steady 
performance. Sandeep, on the healthcare vertical, we see that the top 
customers seems to have declined sequentially and you mentioned in 
your opening remarks this might be driven by certain offshore shift of 
projects. While we saw strong growth in healthcare outside of the top 
customers, could you essentially talk about what drove the sharp growth 
there? That's question number one. And the second question is, when I 
look at your segmental margins despite this offshore shift, the margins on 
the healthcare vertical have actually come off on a sequential basis. And 
a related question to this one, how should we be reading the aspect of 
delayed wage increments for us given historically we continue to retain 
the timelines? That's it.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So first of all, if you look at the healthcare vertical, healthcare 
vertical for us is basically a combination of four different things. Scientific 
instruments, medical devices, think of equipment makers, diagnostic 
companies and so on and so forth, pharma companies and biotechs, third 
one is providers, fourth one is payers. And if you look at our overall 
growth in healthcare, it has been very strong over the last several 
quarters, over the last couple of years as well. Now, if you look at the 
largest customer that you're referring to, obviously we have grown very 
well and as a part of the entire exercise, we have done vendor 
consolidation. We have to move certain amount of work over a period of 
time offshore to give back the benefits in terms of reduced cost and so 
on. And when you do that, there's a certain overlap that you have as well. 
You don't necessarily have a cutover in one day. You basically do an 
overlap of cost and if you look at our headcount growth as well, last two 
quarters, we've sequentially added headcount offshore predominantly. 
Now if you were to look at that, our subcontractor cost also, if you look at 
it, it's flat. 
 
So, if we are adding headcount offshore, moving work offshore, we are 
not declining our subcontractor headcount, which is vendor consolidated. 
So, there is a certain overlap that you can match with the second part of 
your question, which is - the margin coming down a little bit in 
healthcare. So, that's the thing out there. 
 
We have a fairly good pipeline across various subsegments of healthcare 
and depending on how those orders close, we are relatively confident of 
healthcare continuing the growth. Will it continue the growth at the 30%, 
40%, 60% year-on-year that we had last year, may not be, but there'll be 
definitely growth in healthcare as well. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
Now, in terms of the wage part of it, look, the market conditions are such 
right now that there is a lot of uncertainty whether it was uncertainty 
caused by India-Pakistan situation for a little bit, whether it was the Iran 
situation after that, whether it was the tariff situation after that. So, 
there is a little bit of uncertainty continuum that is happening and the 
order book is dependent on people taking decisions. So, as I said before, 
pipeline is good, we'll let it pan out. And as a cautionary measure to make 
sure that we are being prudent, we have delayed the increase by a 
quarter. And if need be, if everything goes very well, we'll take a call at 
the end of the year if we compensate people for that or how it pans out. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thanks and all the best for the future. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity. Sandeep, if I just look at book-
to-bill, we were consistently at 1.5-1.6 in last many annual years versus 
last two quarters we are between 1.3-1.4. So, does that give you some 
amount of discomfort where near-term growth could be slightly lower 
than our strong history of Q on Q growth? Though the growth is still 
better but could be relatively lower versus our own history? And how do 
you see the TCV opportunity in the coming quarters? Can we go back to 
book-to-bill of 1.5-1.6X?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, two parts to it. See, our revenue conversion, when we look at it, 
revenue conversion is ACV conversion and TCV conversion. What you 
don't see and what we measure ourselves is the executable order book. 
And, so, we are reasonably confident of the growth journey. I don't want 
to put a number to it because we don't give forward-looking guidance. 
Now, can we do better in terms of the TCV to ACV ratio going ahead? 
That's the endeavor at any point in time. And I can only tell you this, the 
pipeline of larger deals is there. Again, we'll let the quarters pan by. And 
as we announce the results, you should see whatever comes out. But we 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
are confident of growth, we are confident of larger deals in the pipeline 
and so on. So, overall, relatively confident in the environment that we 
are. And if the environment improves, obviously it will improve for 
everyone.  
Sandeep Shah: 
And just the last question on margin. Last Earnings Call, we said we can 
be in this year a margin similar to the fourth quarter exit. So, do we still 
stand by it? And just wanted to understand what could be the major 
tailwind, especially on the ESOP cost because it was much higher in the 
Q4 in FY25? How to model that in FY26?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, Vinit. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, Sandeep, we still continue to maintain our stand in terms of 
improving our trading margin. We have mentioned in the past that it 
needs to be improved by 200-300 basis point by the time we reach FY27. 
If you look at our last year, it was 14.7. Last two quarters, it is 15.6 and 
15. So, we are pretty much confident that from a going forward basis we 
are pretty much on the track as far as the margin trajectory is concerned. 
As far as the stock options cost is concerned, I had called out in my 
opening comments that there is a reduction in the stock option cost. That 
reduction has already happened. Now, this will continue to remain flat 
for the next couple of quarters before you'll see further reduction. 
On the initiatives, we'll continue to track. There are many initiatives in 
terms of pricing, in terms of utilization. We'll continue to maintain the 
stand. It will continue to remain high for probably next couple of 
quarters. We are looking at SG&A leverage. We have made investments, 
they are yielding results for us. So, as the revenue grows, while we invest, 
in percentage terms our SG&A doesn't need to go up at the same pace. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
So, there are multiple levers on which we are working - our operational 
efficiency, our programs continue to deliver the necessary results that 
are expected out of them. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aditya Vikram. 
Aditya Vikram: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
 
Yes. 
Aditya Vikram: 
Yeah. Hi, Sandeep. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I know 
Vinit answered this question partially earlier but does it suffice to say if 
the ESOP cost would have not been there we would have seen a 
significant margin compression? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, ESOP cost has been there for the last several years. It depends on the 
cost that basically comes in, depending on what ESOPs are given in what 
year because there's a Black-Scholes valuation and so on. So, it's not that 
it came all of a sudden and so on so forth. So, it's a part of our overall 
operating fabric. So, there are options that we have given, there's a time 
where we covered 80% of our employees. There are, outside of that, 
about 800 odd employees covered in significantly differentiated options 
depending on their responsibilities, et cetera. So, it's a part of our 
operating cost. I wouldn't want you to think about this being delinking 
from that. The cost will vary over a period of time.  
Aditya Vikram: 
Okay, thanks. And the second question is that the attrition rate has gone 
higher and now we are basically delaying our increment by another 
quarter, right. How do you see that impacting the business? And do you 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
see any significant challenge or this is one-off quarter and we will move 
back to our original attrition rate? What's your thoughts on that?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Look, I don't think it is a question of this wage hike decision that has 
impacted this attrition. Overall, if you look across the industry, there's a 
slight uptick in attrition and that may be to do with the GCCs being more 
active, the product companies coming here and setting up their own 
captives and large banks, large enterprises, et cetera. So, I wouldn't link 
the two that strongly. We don't have any such analysis that we have 
done, which points to this two being correlated. And, again, forward 
looking attrition, we can see the trends because the notice periods, et 
cetera, show up. We don't see anything which points to a much higher 
attrition in the near future. 
Aditya Vikram: 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan. 
  
Nitin Padmanabhan: Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yeah, super. Yeah, hi. Good evening. Are you seeing any near-term 
headwinds to margin? I'm asking from the perspective that you have 
pushed out the wage hikes but at the same time I do see that some of 
these costs will reverse, right. The higher onsite resource costs, that 
should reverse. And so from that perspective, is there anything that 
you're seeing as a headwind in the near term? That was the first 
question. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
 
The second thing was, which verticals are you basically seeing this 
prevalence of delayed ramp-ups? Is it very homogeneous or is it specific 
to any vertical? 
And, finally, is this higher amortization? What's driving that? And is it sort 
of an ongoing number we should assume or is there a one-off there? 
What's driving it? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yeah. So, Nitin, I have mentioned actually the near-term headwinds. 
What I mentioned will not be headwinds, these will get normalized over a 
period of time. As a result of that, this will benefit us in terms of our 
margin going forward. But I don't want you to count everything that will 
go in margin. On the way as we grow our company, we have to also make 
investments. So, some portion of that will get back into investments. 
The second portion in terms of higher amortization, as we closed a 
couple of our asset acquisitions, et cetera, last year like the SoHo, et 
cetera, after the full valuation report came in, the full impact of that 
amortization has started as a result of that full report. And you should 
assume that this will continue without any substantial increase going 
forward. Yeah, over to you.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, on the delayed ramp-up, it was basically in healthcare life sciences 
and I wouldn't want to paint a picture for the whole industry. I would say 
it may be a case of our own customer-related delayed ramp-up and that 
basically will happen over a period of time. I don't want you to take it as 
an industry trend for others as well. So, it's basically some of our 
customers, they have their own nuances. And it was a one-off where we 
saw a delayed ramp-up, so I don't want you to take too much from it.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure. Perfect. Thank you so much. Just one last one, if I may. The 
utilization seems to be running very high and with the kind of growth that 
we have. Is it because just-in-time is extremely easy at the moment or do 
you think this will run so hot going forward?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, attrition, utilization, growth of other companies, growth of the 
overall sector, all of these are kind of different parts of the equation in 
how easy it is to hire or retain or other things related to that. So, as of 
this point in time we don't see a reason for us to loosen on the overall 
utilization side. And, look, if we need to go down on utilization, it's a very 
easy lever for us. So, we'll take a call depending on the supply-demand 
situation. And so we are comfortable where it is and if we need to 
change, as I said before, we will.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure. Perfect. Thank you so much, and all the very best. 
Moderator:   
Thank you. The next question is from Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid quarter 
again. Sandeep, two questions from my side. 
      
The BFSI segment reported a very strong growth in this quarter. We've 
seen this vertical basically pick up over the past 4 quarters from a single-
digit YoY growth to almost 30% growth in this quarter. So, any color on 
basically what is driving, which sub-segments of BFSI are driving this 
growth? You mentioned that BFSI will lead the growth, do you expect this 
kind of momentum to continue in coming quarters as well? 
Second question is on the healthcare vertical. You mentioned again that 
this will be the lowest growing vertical in the 3 segments but it will still be 
a growth. Have you seen any, apart from the client impact that we saw in 
this quarter, in your conversation with this vertical client are you hearing 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
any concerns about the big bill that the Trump administration had 
brought in and if that could impact the healthcare spends of some of the 
clients in the segment? And how they are looking at it from a forward-
looking point of view?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, let me take the healthcare segment first. If you look at the 
healthcare segment, there are multiple segments within this or sub-
segments within healthcare. So, if you look at scientific instruments, 
medical devices depending on where the tariff levels settle in, especially 
with China, because a lot of the supply chains are linked to China. Anyone 
who is an equipment manufacturer is dependent on China for the 
equipment manufacturing, for the supply chain components, nine yards. 
So, if the tariffs hit them badly then obviously the stress on the cost part 
will become even higher. And that's what we saw in the last 2-3 months. 
People looking at alternative plans, people looking at even supply chain 
movements and so on and so forth. So, there is definitely stress because 
of the tariff part and we will see where it resolves. 
Second part in the healthcare side is the impact of the federal or the 
DOGE part of it. The DOGE part of it impacts the research funding to 
universities, the funding across various countries, the USAID, et cetera. 
All of these things, at the end of the day when the universities were doing 
medical research or healthcare-related research, they were consuming 
products and services from our customers. So, a lot of these uncertainties 
definitely are playing more in the healthcare life sciences sector where 
the name of the game right now is Plan B for cost control, looking at 
vendor consolidation, more offshoring and so on. So, the pipeline is more 
towards that. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
Now, if I look at banking financial services on the other side, again little 
less cautious as compared to that. We are seeing larger deals there, AI 
discussions, optimizations. We've been brought in as challengers to look 
at the existing landscape of much bigger players and seeing if we could 
partake a part of that, how would we do it differently and so on and so 
forth. 
So, different dynamics of different verticals. This year, for sure the way 
we have our BFSI segment, it will grow well. Again, future growth 
obviously will depend on how the pipeline converts and we don't give 
forward looking guidance and so I wouldn't comment beyond this year 
for this. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. If I could just have one last question to Vinit. Vinit, the ESOP 
cost that came down in this quarter, will the ESOP cost be at similar level 
through the year or do you think it can vary in the coming quarters as 
well?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Based on the grants that have been given so far, it will continue to 
remain at the same level. Any incremental grants that will be given in the 
coming quarters will have an impact on the ESOP cost. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And will this come down further in FY27 over FY26, that the general 
amortization of ESOP cost happens? 
Vinit Teredesai:  
That's right. 
Vibhor Singhal:  
Got it, got it. Perfect. Thank you so much. Thanks for taking my questions 
and I wish you all the best. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ravi Menon. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sandeep, you spoke about how there 
were some delays in decision making… 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Ravi, your voice is cutting out. We can't hear you. 
Moderator: 
Maybe if you can repeat your question again. 
Ravi Menon: 
One second, I will try again. Hear me now? 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Let's go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Yeah. So, I was saying, you spoke about some delays in ramp-ups, could 
we also say that there were some delays in deal awards as well? And if 
so, then can we think about some improvement in deal wins next quarter 
because some have actually slipped from this quarter to the next? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, the way I would put it is not deal award delays, I would say overall 
decision making cycle is a little longer. And, so, you need a little more 
pipeline if you want to continue to do the bookings the way you are for 
any company. So, from our perspective, please don't treat it as all of a 
sudden the next quarter is going to be a big windfall and so on. So, we'll 
let the quarter pan by. And the market environment is such, it is taking 
more. If there is certainty in the market, if these tariffs are behind us, 
there are more positive things that come out in the U.S., it definitely will 
impact the bookings and hence the revenues going forward. But too early 
to say anything like this. 
Ravi Menon: 
Right. And the second question is on the healthcare side. You talked 
about how there was an offshore shift and you kept the onsite 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
contractors to make sure that the risk is minimized. So, can we say that 
some of that cost will go off next quarter? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, as we have grown over the last 5-6 years from being a half a 
billion dollar company to nearly a 1.5 billion dollar run rate company, we 
are also fighting bigger deals. As we fight bigger deals, this will become a 
flywheel motion where something comes down in terms of cost and 
something goes up. So, we'll have to get used to an environment where 
at any point in time if we are ramping up deals, we may do vendor 
consolidation, we may have subcontractors onshore and so on and so 
forth. So, I won't paint a picture that all of a sudden next quarter this cost 
will go down. Over a period of time this cost will definitely come down 
but maybe something else will come up. If we win larger deals and we 
wrap up on that. So I'll just leave at that. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. Alright. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipesh Mehta. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yeah. I have just two questions. First of all, if I look at the hedge position, 
there is a sharp increase, so is there any change in terms of the way we 
look at our hedge strategy? 
And second question is about the SASVA. Can you provide some sense 
about, let's say, SASVA influenced deal intake, deal pipeline, revenue, 
whichever way you can provide some sense around it? And how it is 
changing compared to maybe a year back? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, you want to talk the hedge and then I will talk. 
Vinit Teredesai:  
So, Dipesh, there is no change in the policy. We constantly keep on 
looking at our hedge position on a regular basis. There is a well-defined 
policy within that and we continue to take our positions on a regular 
basis. All these numbers are pretty much within that range. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Now, coming to the SASVA part of it. We don't necessarily give any data 
points with respect to SASVA bookings or SASVA influenced bookings and 
so on. SASVA is a flagship platform for us. It helps us do two things. One, 
wherever there is a use case where the customer is willing to adopt 
SASVA, we are able to leverage SASVA to deliver things faster, better, 
provide more productivity, reduce cost for our customers, and so on. 
Where the customers are wary of taking a third-party platform like ours, 
it basically gives us a capability showcase and we are able to leverage 
technologies from other providers whether it's Microsoft, whether it's a 
GitHub Copilot, whether it is a Cursor, Windsurf or any other tool, which 
is an engineering productivity tool. 
 
There are further use cases of SASVA, for example, in private equity. 
We've been working with multiple different private equity using SASVA as 
a part of their tech due diligence evaluating platforms, building tech debt 
reduction business cases based on which we are winning businesses and 
so on. 
And anywhere where we have taken SASVA, whether it's banking 
financial services, whether it's healthcare life sciences or tech companies, 
we definitely have got very good reception in terms of the curiosity 
around it, in terms of understanding our capabilities and that should 
bode well for us. Whether people buy SASVA or not, whether people 
SASVA-based services or not, it kind of lands us in a very good, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
competitive, differentiated position in our business. So, it's definitely 
helping us in our growth journey. 
Dipesh Mehta:  
Understood. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhishek Kumar. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi. Good evening and thanks for taking my question. My question is again 
on SASVA. We have heard from most of the peers that product 
development is where AI-led productivity has been the highest and many 
of these players have been proactively passing back those productivity 
gains and our sense is, that results in some revenue deflation. But for us, 
it seems that, given our core a lot of what we do is product development. 
This is resulting in net new revenue for us. Just wanted to understand if 
I'm thinking right. And if so, what is driving this? Are we taking wallet 
share, market share or is SASVA helping us unlocking new opportunities? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, first of all, it is definitely helping us unlock newer opportunities. 
As I said before, SASVA is the pinnacle of how you can use AI and it is 
much beyond just the coding aspect of it. It is how we define the 
requirements, how we groom the requirements into a backlog, how we 
code it, how we test it, how we release it, how we support it. 
 
It's also about technology modernization, from legacy platforms or legacy 
technologies on to new. There are many different use cases of SASVA and 
the way we have been able to articulate that to our customers, our 
customers definitely see us as a company that can lead from the front 
using AI to help them do this. Even after all this, if they want to do a 
GitHub Copilot implementation and productivity gains through that, we 
have even won a number of those things. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
So, from our perspective, SASVA definitely is helping us expand our 
addressable market and is getting us good traction. 
Second, in terms of revenue deflation, we have not necessarily seen 
revenue deflation from existing customers. Now, I talked about in one of 
the case studies that I talked about as well, wherever customers are 
willing to give us work in an outsourced manner and allow us to use our 
platform, we are able to deliver significant productivity gains. But if you 
look at the regulated industries, whether it's healthcare life sciences, 
whether it's banking financial services, it's not just that the bigger 
companies are adopting these platforms big time right now. They're all 
experimenting. We are doing proof of concepts, but it'll take some time 
for their CISOs and their IT organizations to be comfortable before they 
adopt any of these platforms at scale. But definitely, we are ahead of 
others and it should bode well for us. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. My second question is, you indicated that you need bigger pipeline 
given the slowdown in decision making, etc. Do you see, therefore, a 
revenue and margin trade-off going forward? Are you willing to sacrifice 
margin to make sure that your pipeline is larger and you achieve your $2 
billion goal by FY27? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Well, look, two parts there. One, is there a hurry to reach to a $2 billion 
mark or any billion dollar mark? There's no hurry to reach there. We want 
to reach there in a healthy manner. We'll deliver revenue growth but a 
profitable revenue growth. It's not about achieving revenue growth at 
any cost. 
At the same time, if it is about diluting the margins, a small bit, to create 
capabilities that can get us larger deals, we'll take a prudent call. But it 
will not be that all of a sudden we drop our margins and we are in a rush 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
to get to a $2 billion mark or outcompete anyone. We don't care whether 
we are the 9th largest or the 12th largest company in the industry as long 
as we are the best ones from a technical capability. 
And in our discussions, the Tier-1s of tomorrow are not going to be based 
on size. There are many companies in the U.S. who are like $15 billion, 
$16 billion and their market caps are less than $4 billion and they do 
revenue very well. So, the fun is not in being any size or run after size, it's 
about bringing good capabilities, having good customer relationships, 
delivering good value and that's what we are focused on. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Great. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Suraj Malu. 
Suraj Malu: 
Hi, thank you for this opportunity. If I look at the client-wise revenue and 
if we check this plate like the 6th to 10th customer or be it 11th to 20th 
customer's bucket, these customer buckets have grown at like double 
digit 10%, 12% QOQ whereas the top 5 customer's bucket is flat. And I 
understand that's because of the largest client in healthcare. So, if one 
were to remove that largest client in healthcare, how would the rest 4 
customers revenue look like, the growth? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, look, we don't bifurcate like that. Today it's a question of how 
would the rest 4 be, tomorrow it could be in another bracket. So, look, 
it's like a portfolio of customers that you have. Just like in any good 
investment strategy, you have a portfolio of investments that you need. 
At the end of the day, Persistent is some of the parts. These customers 
are those parts - the verticals, the sub-verticals, geographies. The way we 
are looking at it is, our endeavor is to grow every part of it but there will 
be quarters when one customer may not grow at that extent that the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
whole company does. So, this is a part of the entire game. So, we are 
okay with where we are. We know we are growing heavily. 
Overall, if you look at the top 100 customers, on a year-on-year basis 
22.4% growth in current environment. We're very happy with that and 
we'll try and do better. 
Suraj Malu: 
Got it. And my second question is, if you can throw some light on some 
new areas or verticals that you are working on like be it cybersecurity or 
telecommunication or anything. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, look, we work in 3 industry verticals - Software hi-tech, second 
part is our banking, financial services and insurance, third is healthcare, 
life sciences. We have said it in our Earnings Call as well, healthcare, life 
sciences and financial services are two of the top spenders in any GDP 
whether it's the U.S., whether it is other countries. Each of these 
segments has multiple sub-segments under it. The first endeavor that we 
have is to basically go deeper into these verticals. And as we grow these 
verticals over the period of next 1-3 years, we'll see if we need to go into 
other verticals - whether it is auto, whether it is industrial, whether it is 
others. And if we need to, we'll look at whether we do it inorganically or 
we are able to spawn some of that organically. 
So, for now, we are focused on these and we'll keep evaluating the 
opportunities that come across. 
Suraj Malu: 
Understood. Thank you very much. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Operator, we are nearly at the end of the thing, so we can take one 
more question and then we conclude. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from Dhanashree Jadhav. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
Dhanashree Jadhav:  Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Dhanashree Jadhav: Yeah. Congrats on good set of numbers. My question is again regarding 
our aspiration of $2 billion in revenues. So, just wanted to understand 
like is there any specific plan laid out for this in terms of how it will be 
inorganic and organic mix? I mean, since we are leveraging more AI-
related platforms and all, so if you can give more color on your own 
whether we will be growing more organically? And if inorganic 
component is there, then what would be the size that we are looking at? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, if you look at it, where we are today, we have to get to $2 billion 
by FY27, which is ending in March, 2027. We need a compounded annual 
growth rate in the range of 19%-20%. We are tracking to that and 
definitely within that, between now and then, we will do tuck-in 
acquisitions or if we get a good scalable acquisition in geographies like 
Europe, where we have clearly said that we want to be 15% in revenue 
terms as we go ahead in the next 2-3 years, we'll look at that. 
So, the way to look at acquisitions for us would be, most of these would 
be capability-led, smaller acquisitions. The only place where we would do 
a scaled acquisition would be if we get some good asset in Europe. And a 
combination of these two should lead us to the growth aspiration that we 
have of $2 billion. 
Again, please keep in mind, that's a growth aspiration. We are in no hurry 
to get there at any cost. It will be at a profitable, sustainable revenue and 
a combination of organic and non-organic. 
Dhanashree Jadhav: Yeah, great. Yeah, great. Thanks. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. So, with that, we come to the end of this call and thank you 
everyone for spending time with us today. We are looking forward to 
connecting with you in 3 months' time to provide an update on our 
progress. And, with this, we will close the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to Persistent Systems Management team. Ladies 
and gentlemen, on behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes 
today's conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
 
Please note that this transcript has been edited for readability. 
