 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538567 
 
Through: BSE Listing Centre  
 
 
        
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
  Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
  Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
  Scrip symbol: GULFOILLUB 
 
Through: NEAPS 
 
              Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors in connection 
with the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated August 8, 2025 intimating about the schedule of Earnings 
Conference Call. We enclose herewith the Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call held on 
Thursday, August 14, 2025 with Analysts/Institutional Investors on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The said Transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://india.gulfoilltd.com/investors/financials/transcript-conference-calls . 
 
  
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Pandey 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above  
Digitally signed by ASHISH PANDEY
DN: C=IN, O=PERSONAL, T=6789, OID.2.5.4.65=
ebf74a0224b646dcbb4dba0a31ec549d, Phone=
40db5843916e6f91c39bf3bdbf52e9919b6ad438df73bdbd92b707
424c49f4f8, PostalCode=410210, S=Maharashtra, 
SERIALNUMBER=
cab4da873854721e91fe3b7db53ce7bdc1fae5bee7ac1f6758d355
978db2c189, CN=ASHISH PANDEY
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2025.08.20 18:33:28+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.1.2
ASHISH 
PANDEY

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited  
Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI CHAWLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GULF OIL LUBRICANTS 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MANISH GANGWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GULF OIL LUBRICANTS INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PROBAL SEN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited Q1FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Probal Sen from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone. I would like to welcome all of you to this Q1FY26 
conference call of Gulf Oil Lubricants India Ltd. We have with us the senior management of the 
Company, Mr. Ravi Chawla - the Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Manish Gangwal - the 
CFO. 
Without further ado, I would firsthand over to the Management for their opening remarks and 
then we will get into the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you. Good day. Good morning. Good afternoon to everybody. This is Ravi Chawla. I am 
delighted to welcome all of you to this Quarterly Earnings Call. 
We are very happy to share with you that the 1st Quarter, the April-May-June quarter, which is 
starting of this financial year, has seen the highest ever quarterly volume, revenue and EBITDA, 
as you may have seen in the results. This is backed by a very strong double-digit volume growth, 
which actually augurs very well with the industry growing at about 3%-3.5%. We have done 3x 
the growth, so really a good start to the quarter. Overall, I think this is what we had planned and 
the demand conditions and our initiatives have certainly paid off. 
This strong note again confirms the market-leading performance that Gulf has been doing, and 
really, this 3x growth of industry is also due to a lot of the efforts based on the brand initiative, 
distribution and our focussed segment approach. I think as you know, we are into Cricket with 
the IPL and our brand ambassadors. This is clearly an all-round performance driven by gains 
across segments.  In B2C segment led by motorcycle oil, we had a big campaign, Gulf Pride and 
a lot of activations on the ground.. This led the way in terms of a strong double-digit growth in 
this quarter. We introduced new campaigns, a new pack, on-ground activations and this Pride 
relaunch is really one of the best specification product which has been well received supporting 
the momentum. 
While factory fill was slightly flattish due to the new vehicle production. We are very happy to 
share with you that the OEM franchisee workshop business, where we have a significant double-
digit share as a player in India, delivered excellent results with high double-digit growth across 
our commercial vehicle and particularly agri-OEMs, which is agri-season saw very good demand 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
and we continue to plan for that so as to equip the OEM dealerships with the stocks and the 
required products and services. 
Our B2B industrial segment also recorded double-digit growth with continued new customer 
acquisitions across industries and definitely the metal and infra segments in this area and also 
few mining customers proved to be the positive demand factors here. Our agility and market 
responsiveness has always been a strength and this focus continued which helped us get this 
particular gain So, on all-round performance which we are very happy to share. Also, to mention 
here that our EV charger subsidiary Tirex continued to perform well. Though a small business 
now, it closed the quarter with over 163% growth and catering to a lot of broad customer bases. 
This is of course to reflect our ongoing commitment to strengthen the EV segment. 
Clearly for us, this has been a good start to the quarter. Some other highlights were that our 
Silvassa plant went in for IGBC certification. I am very happy to share that we got the platinum 
which is the highest certification, a significant milestone again underscoring our Company's 
strong commitment to sustainability. We are also happy to share that all our OEMs are 
recognizing us in the gold category in terms of our service. Ashok Leyland and many other Agri 
OEMs have given us awards and that is a shot in the arm for the team. I would also like to 
mention that the Board has approved a capacity expansion to take our capacity from 140 million 
to 240 million in our Chennai and Silvassa plants. An outlay of Rs. 55 crore has been earmarked 
for this. I think all in all a good quarter and I will invite Manish to fill in a few more details and 
then we are happy to take your questions. Thank you so much. Over to you, Manish. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everyone. 
As Ravi highlighted, it has been a very strong start to the year and with clearly double-digit 
volume growth at 11%. Our core lubricant volume for the quarter was 41,000 KL and in addition 
to that we had 38,000 KL of AdBlue volume. On a consolidated basis, we crossed quarterly 
revenue of Rs. 1,000 crore for the first time. That was a big milestone for the Company, and we 
are very happy and delighted for that. 
Overall, on the margin front, we have improved our gross margin by nearly 140 basis point Y-
o-Y. However, we have spent slightly more on A&P. in this quarter being an IPL driven quarter  
and we had some campaigns on our motorcycle range as Ravi highlighted and also we also had 
some of the OEM sales being significantly higher and that is where some of the OEM royalties 
were higher. At EBITDA level, we have still delivered 12.7% for the quarter, which is well 
within our guided band of 12%-14%. 
So, overall, a very strong quarter and as we have earlier announced, the board had declared a 
final dividend of Rs.28 per share. The record date has been declared for 19th of September which 
will be paid out after the AGM. All the investors  will recall that we had increased our dividend 
payout to 65% in the last year, Good cash flow generation continues, we remain net debt free 
and our overall cash balance continues to be above Rs.1,000 crore. 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
With that note, we will hand over for the call to start the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nikunj Doshi from Bay Capital. Please go ahead. 
. 
Nikunj Doshi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one question, this capacity expansion what we 
are looking for, is there any shift going to happen in product mix or  more or less will be the 
same kind of product mix that we will be having after say, when the capacity expansion is 
complete? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. As you know, we have been growing 2-3x the industry,We make all our products in-house 
except greases and others. The capacity expansion is in line with what we are doing, but 
projecting that we are growing in various segments, obviously there will be some flexibility on 
the product mix in terms of our manufacturing filling lines.We want to definitely look at how 
we are going to upgrade some of the products with certain segments will have small packs, large 
packs. This is going to be a flexible kind of approach. With regards to capacity enhancement we 
will take care if there is any shift in terms of the packaging because plant is more related to 
packaging rather than the segment. I think we are very clear about that and that is something we 
have expertise in. I do not think we will have any challenges. Product mix, even if it changes 
segment wise, it is small pack, large pack, so, that will remain. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Angad from Sameeksha Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Angad: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the Tirex business. On Tirex, how do 
we read the lumpiness in the EBITDA margin that we are seeing over the past 5-6 quarters? And 
how do you guide on the EBITDA margin going forward? 
Manish Gangwal: 
See, Tirex is a very very nascent Company. It is developing various products in the charger 
segment. They are specialized in DC fast charger manufacturing and now, they are starting to 
manufacture AC chargers as well. It is a very nascent industry. We reported Rs. 80 crore of 
topline last year with almost neutral EBITDA. This quarter, they have turned EBITDA positive, 
which is a very good sign. And the quarterly turnover, as Ravi highlighted, has grown 163% to 
nearly Rs. 24 crore. So, overall, it is in a positive & right direction, but it is still very small in 
terms of base and we will have to really watch out. In the longer term, of course, we want the 
business to deliver almost similar EBITDA range to what lubricant business is. 
Angad: 
And sir, what about average base oil prices for the last quarter? And do you see it coming down 
looking at the crude oil prices? And how do you see it sustain? 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Manish Gangwal: 
There are various grades of base oil, which we have been highlighting in our earlier calls as well. 
It is very difficult to give you a range of the base oil price because there are various grades - 
Group 1, Group 2, Group 3 base oils, which we buy. Overall, we have seen that the base oil has 
been steady in quarter 1. Although crude is showing a range which is below $70 and if it sustains 
at these levels for a longer period, as base oil follows crude over a longer period or mid-term 
period. we should see base oil softening to some extent. But so far in quarter 1, it has been very 
steady. 
Angad: 
Got it. And sir, one question on our main competitor is also now focusing or I would say 
prioritizing volume growth now. How are we adopting the strategy considering we are also 
growing 2X, 3X volume growth? Just wanted to understand that also? 
Ravi Chawla: 
See, the industry, as you know, has been growing. If you look at the last decade or so, industry 
growth was about 3%-3.5%. Sometimes we say a little less or more percentage, half a percentage 
here and there. Our focus is on industry growth. Obviously, , each competitor has their own 
action plan. Ours is more related to what the industry will grow, the segments in which we are 
playing. And of course, look at the initiatives that we can take. Competitiveness of what we do 
is obviously part of the strategy always. We continue to do that. And I think we have been very 
successful in our strategy. And we will continue to focus on what we believe is our strength and 
to be able to go in terms of our own strategies and initiatives. 
Angad: 
Got it, sir. Thank you for answering the questions. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Jayantbhai Popat from Choice 
International Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Jayantbhai Popat: Yes, congratulations on the results. I have actually three questions. As far as the CNG 
penetration in the passenger vehicles is concerned, for Maruti Suzuki, it almost forms more than 
20% of the volumes. I wanted to understand if you already have the product, but is there 
something that you are doing for the tie-ups with the passenger vehicles with CNG? As well as, 
I also wanted to understand the trend for CNGs compared to the gasoline or diesel. My second 
question is around the industrial volumes wherein how do you see this? I understand about 2 
years ago and you have been focusing on the industrial volumes catch up post 2026 or from 2027 
to automotive lubricants. But I would like to know what is your latest view on that? And third, 
the question is about BS7 wherein it follows the European norms. In Europe, it has already been 
introduced, but how do you see the increase in demand for AdBlue particularly on the back of 
BS7 when it is launched in about next year or next year completely? 
Ravi Chawla: 
There are a few questions, we will try and answer and Manish can also pitch in. I think you 
spoke about Maruti at the beginning? 
Dhaval Jayantbhai Popat: CNG penetration. 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Ravi Chawla: 
For CNG penetration you are right. In certain pockets in India, it is quite a high demand product. 
We have a part play in it because it is a very price competitive segment. We have the range and 
the drain interval is less than gasoline as you know because it is used in a different way. We 
have the range, but we are playing selectively because it is a very price oriented segment. We 
go with our sort of price positioning. We do not want to really take the whole segment because 
it is less attractive for us, but we are still present and we have all the products required for that. 
Even CNG buses, we have very specialized products with very long drain interval. I can get back 
to you, but if I remember, it is the highest drain interval. I do not know if it is 20,000. I will stand 
corrected because I think it is still, we have developed it with Ashok Leyland and we have a 
premium product there in terms of CNG buses. We are present in CNG normal also, but less 
play because of price unattractiveness and the other is the CNG buses. In BS7, we are prepared 
with all the products. Whenever it comes, we will have that. The other question you asked is on 
industrial volumes. Industrial for us, as I mentioned to you in my opening remarks, we are an 
all-rounder. We have presence in the chosen segments, which is B2C, B2B and Industrial. In 
B2B, we also do infrastructure Mining Fleet (IMF) and we also have OEM. So, I would say that 
as a Company, we have a very strong presence as a growing brand. We are still not there where 
we want to be, but we have been adding share for the last decade and it has been a focus segment. 
We do double-digit growth in these three - B2B, Industrial and IMF and we have a business 
model, which I think is one of the good models where we are able to focus on all these. We have 
also very good customers across these segments. We will continue growing our customer base, 
and we are very confident that this segment, which all of them actually have except the OEM, 
which is Franchisee Workshop, where we have close to a double-digit share, we believe. The 
others are less than 5% market share. IMF, which is infrastructure mining fleet and Industrial,. 
We are going to grow definitely double-digit in these segments. 
Dhaval Jayantbhai Popat: I just have a follow up, if I may. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes, please. 
Dhaval Jayantbhai Popat: Basically, as far as the focus, I understand, is more towards passenger cars going forward as 
compared to the next leg of the process, of course, one of the focuses, but if you had to choose 
between industrial lubricant sources or passenger cars, where would you go? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Just to clarify, we have a segment-wise approach. We have close to 10-12, 15 segments, which 
we focus on. In B2C, we have got good share in motorcycle and diesel engine oil. Of course, 
these products also go on to OEM and other parts of the segments. In addition to that, we have 
some segments like passenger car, which you mentioned, which we have less than 5% market 
share. We see more opportunities. We are not going to defocus on any of our segments, which 
are selected by us. Where we are strong, we would like to grow probably 2x. Where we have got 
less than 5%, we will have to grow 3x plus. That is the kind of sort of thumb of rule we use. But 
of course, we also look at opportunities in different parts of the business like OEM, Industrial, 
B2C, and with OEMs. We have also got a tie-up now with Nayara, which is a fuel chain and we 
are increasing our distribution. With our brand strength, we believe we need to increase our 
distribution, which we are also doing by 10%-15%. 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Dhaval Jayantbhai Popat: That answers my question. Thank you so much. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Anuj Panwar from Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
Anuj Panwar: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have two quick questions. I just wanted to check, how 
much does EV now contributing to our overall revenue? And are we planning this segment to 
become, to make this like one of our major contributors to our revenue in the coming quarters 
and coming years, maybe? So, any visible threats or any competition to this segment as we 
further scale up? And my second question is, the Nayara tie-up, has it started showing its effect 
on its volume? Or is there some time left to reflect it in our numbers? 
Manish Gangwal: 
I will take the first one, which is the EV and Tirex revenues. As we mentioned, the quarterly 
revenue of Tirex now is close to Rs. 25 crore. And last year, we ended the year at Rs. 80 crore 
of revenue for Tirex business, which we have started consolidating. And you can see that 
between the standalone and consolidated results, the delta is because of the Tirex consolidation. 
So, you will be able to find out. The good thing is that the business is growing at, for the quarter 
has grown 163%. We really want to almost double our turnover every year in that segment. And 
there is a lot of customer acquisition, which keeps happening in that. It is becoming again a 
competitive industry. There are players who are coming in. There are a few players who are 
already established. But the Tirex product portfolio is very robust. And on the back of that, they 
continue to gain customers in the space. At the same time, they have launched an AC range also, 
which also is getting them customers, especially in the OEM segment. And they started 
supplying to some of the OEMs along with the cars. Our endeavor is that which we earlier 
highlighted also that we want this business to be Rs. 400-Rs. 500 crore business in terms of 
topline in the next 4-5 years. That is our game plan and at that point, obviously, it will be a very 
meaningful pillar to our overall other segments. And coming to Nayara, I guess this is very early 
stage. They have a large 6,500 plus fuel stations across India. We have started capturing and 
reaching out to the outlets which they have one after another. Currently, we are in terms of reach 
around 1,500 outlets, but it is still very early stage in the business and we will have to keep 
nurturing that business. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Just to add, we are in the lubricants and we also started supplying AdBlue to the stations and as 
Manish mentioned, I think the current penetration level is close to 30%-40%, which will 
definitely go up in the coming months and quarters. 
Anuj Panwar: 
Understood. Thank you. That was helpful. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you, Anuj. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gulati from Dalal & Brocha Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Bharat Gulati: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to know 
that the growth that we have witnessed in the B2C segment in our MCO, in our two-wheeler 
segment, that was primarily due to the new product additions if you can throw some light on 
that? 
Ravi Chawla: 
No. it is the same old brand we have, Gulf Pride. It was repacked in a new packaging and we 
backed it up with a lot of initiatives above the line, below the line. And we have also launched 
it at the specification level of API SP, which is the highest grade of specification. So, yes, a new 
pack launch along with that upgraded product in terms of the specifications. And a lot of work 
goes into the activations. All around with this, I think the product has received a very good 
response. Happy to share that it has a double-digit growth which really led the way for B2C also 
to do well in terms of overall growth. 
Bharat Gulati: 
In the B2C segment, we will continue to see this growth in the motorcycle segment. Would that 
be the right understanding? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. our endeavor, as we always say, is to grow 2-3 times the market. In that also this market, 
MCO market is growing at that rate, maybe around 3%. We obviously want to grow more and 
we see a lot of opportunities in some states. In some markets, we always have that opportunity 
to do better. Overall, we think we have a presence not only with the B2C market, with our 
products, we also sell OEM products and we have close to 8%-9% share, I would say, in some 
of the B2C and other areas. We want to continue growing at least 2x the market in the motorcycle 
range. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it, sir. That is helpful. And sir, on our passenger vehicle front, on the B2C and B2B both, on 
four-wheeler passenger vehicles, are we witnessing a slowdown? Will that start growing at 
double-digit levels because the OEM numbers were flattish as you mentioned? 
Ravi Chawla: 
No. See, OEM factory fill, we do factory fill with some commercial vehicle OEMs and some 
few other OEMs. That was flattish. We don't have any major supply or we don't have any supply 
with car OEMs for factory fill. What we are referring to car PCMO sales, passenger car, motor 
oil is what we sell in the bazaar which is the market and also we have some OEMs we do business 
with. So, there our market share is not very high, but we have a good opportunity. There we 
want to grow more and obviously there we have been talking about this for the last couple of 
years. We want to grow, if we are going 2-3x, we would at least like to go 4-5x in this market. 
But yes, we definitely will announce to you when we are having any significant move up there, 
but it is still in the growth trajectory, but more effort is being made to see how we can grow here. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it, sir. That is helpful. And sir, just the last question, on our CAPEX, when will that come 
online and when can we see full ramp up of that? Could you mention that? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Overall, we believe that we will be able to complete it in 18 months’ time, but it will be in phases. 
Our Chennai facility expansion will be much earlier than Silvassa where we will have to do 
some civil constructionwork. In Chennai it is all ready; we just have to add filling lines and some 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
of the equipments. So, Chennai will come up faster then Silvassa. By March 27, we should be 
ready with this 240 million capacity. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. And the revenue for the extra capacity will start coming in that means from FY '28? That 
would be right to say? 
Manish Gangwal: 
See, we are running currently at 100% capacity in both the plants almost and we continue to 
grow 2-3x the market which means near double digit volume growth and in this quarter, actually 
we had 11% volume growth. We will continue to grow 2-3 as the market and for that we need 
capacity. The linkage to capacity and capacity addition and growth in volume is not directly 
proportional in our industry. We will keep growing at 2-3x the industry and for that the capacity 
expansion was necessary and that will be ready by the time we need those volumes. Currently, 
we are running at third shift for some of our products to manage the overall demand, but as soon 
as we have these capacities in place there will be more flexibility in terms of our product and 
faster execution and delivery, which will help which Ravi alluded already. 
Ravi Chawla: 
You see when we have the 240 million, we will be able to operate. We have a complicated 
portfolio plus I think two shift basis is always better because third shift, one is the cost element, 
second is we want to have two shifts because then the plant also has to have some downtime to 
have their maintenance work, etc. This 240 will enable us at a two shift basis to be able to meet 
the needs much more, I would say, when the growth is there, it will be ready for that. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it, sir. That was helpful. Thank you, sir. That is it. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you Mr. Gulati. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Nisha Mulchandani, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nisha Mulchandani: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sorry, I missed the first part of the call, but can I have volume 
for the quarter for lubes and for the AdBlue separately? Also can you help me with the battery 
business turnover, please? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes. So, we mentioned in the opening remarks, Nisha that it is 41,000 KL core lubricant volume 
for the quarter and AdBlue is 38,000 KL and the battery turnover which you always ask is around 
Rs. 16 crore for this quarter. 
Ravi Chawla: 
I think you have been tracking it quite diligently, every call. 
Nisha Mulchandani: 
Yes. I think the AdBlue business is quite growing at a very substantial number and which is very 
great. So, is there any part of the strategy discussion or any part of the intentional things that we 
are doing around AdBlue because it is almost as equal to the lubes business that we are doing as 
of now? 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Ravi Chawla: 
No. We report it separately so that you are aware of both. 
Nisha Mulchandani: 
Last question, sir. Any update around the data cooling product that we have been developing as 
we were updating into the last call? 
Ravi Chawla: 
No. We have mentioned that it is a segment which we believe is an important segment, but a 
very small one so we are preparing for that. No other announcement on that. 
Nisha Mulchandani: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. The next question is from the line of Angad from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Angad: 
Just to follow up on the previous participant's question on AdBlue volume, on a Y-o-Y basis this 
particular AdBlue saw a flattish growth. How do you see that going forward? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Overall, we believe that on a full year basis, we will continue to grow 10%-15% in AdBlue. 
Angad: 
Any reason for flattish growth this quarter? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Last year quarter 1, we had some special promotion schemes which were not there in this quarter 
so that is why it is looking flattish, but overall our trajectory and the objective is to keep growing 
this at 10%-15% for the next few years. 
Angad: 
And sir, what is the total advertisement spend  in Q1? 
Manish Gangwal: 
It is in the range of 3%-4% which we have been guiding. In a quarter like this, where we had a 
slightly higher A&P, it is towards the higher band of this range and in a quarter which is a normal 
quarter, we are towards the lower band of this range, but it is in that trajectory of 3%-4%. 
Angad: 
Fair to assume it will stay at the higher end for the rest of the year? 
Manish Gangwal: 
No, it will be in the band of 3%-4% only. 
Angad: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Shweta Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Yes. Hello, thank you for the opportunity. So, given greasing industry moves such as Shell 
Lubricants acquiring Raj Petro and Daewoo partnering with Mangali Industries to expand in the 
Indian lubricants market, are there any acquisition or strategic partnership plans in place for Gulf 
Oil Lubricants India in the near future? 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Ravi Chawla: 
We keep evaluating segments and particularly the niche product categories mainly in industrial 
segment and all, but as of now nothing on the horizon which we are in a position to announce. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Thank you for the answer. Wish you all the best for the next quarter. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. The next question is from the line of Hardik Solanki from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Thank you, sir for the opportunity. The blended realization for this quarter has moved sharply. 
So, just wanted to know whether there was a price hike or it was because of the premiumization 
or product mix change, how is that? 
Manish Gangwal: 
It is also mainly because of the product mix and segment mix plus since the core lubricant 
volume has grown much higher than AdBlue, the AdBlue was flattish and core lubricant grew 
by 11%, partly reflection of that. 
Hardik Solanki: 
But no price hike was taken during the quarter, right? 
Manish Gangwal: 
No specific price hike was taken during the quarter. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
Yes, Thank you. Sir, I will take the opportunity to ask a few questions. The first question was 
with respect to the tie-up with Nayara and just wanted to understand this whole controversy 
around their finally actually getting sanctioned by the US as part of the sanctions on Russia. On 
the ground do you see that impacting their India operations at all and thereby our partnership in 
any way or is it really does just impact their export market and therefore the domestic business 
remains. What is your views on that? 
Manish Gangwal: 
See, Mr. Probal, currently it is a very small portion of our overall volumes and impact on us. We 
are closely watching the situation and development as well. 
Probal Sen: 
Sir, Ravi sir had earlier mentioned about the strategic thrust on creating a manufacturing 
ecosystem to grow the battery business more? Just wanted to hear your thoughts if anything has 
moved from that front? Or what we are thinking about it? 
Ravi Chawla: 
We are importing this battery. We have toll manufacturing which we are getting the battery 
locally. Hence, that is already being part of the supplies that we get from the toll manufacturer. 
We are localizing it because that gives us a better security in terms of our product and our cost. 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Probal Sen: 
Yes, understood, sir. And the last question I had was, I think this was asked in somewhere earlier 
as well that some of the private competitors have also started to sort of focus on their volumes 
and the OMCs anyways have been speaking about unlocking value by listing the lubricant 
business. In view of your competitive landscape, do we see that our ad spends and our SG&A 
expenses will probably continue to rise a little bit to sort of keep up with maybe higher 
competition or increased penetration of other players as well. Again, I am just asking because 
the run rate this quarter as you rightly mentioned has gone up, but whether we should assume 
this run rate again or it normalizing back over the next few quarters. Just your thoughts on this? 
Ravi Chawla: 
You see if you take our investments in our brand, if you take a decade ago or a little earlier, it 
was 6%-7% of our revenue. Now, because our revenue has gone up and also the brand metrics  
we studied those have gone up quite well, so we are among the top 3 brands in the industry. We 
have got the investments over last 15-20 years and therefore we will have to calibrate what we 
want to do and currently, the A&P is at about 3%-4% which you have been saying because our 
revenue is also going up. It is not that we don't spend more, but it is a percentage of our revenue 
and we calibrated based on what our plans are and also what we feel we want to do in terms of 
both the consumer, influencer the other BTL, ATL and other things. This is a very planned 
approach which we have taken for many years consistently and we will continue doing that. The 
competition is going to have a different spend level. Obviously, our brand has already reached 
a position, so we will have to weigh and see the factors as to how we want to move that up or 
keep it in the position it is. So, that is a call which normally businesses take based on what is the 
competitive scenario and the objectives. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood, sir. All the best and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Shweta Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Yes. My follow-up question is on the recently the PM E-DRIVE scheme was extended up to 
March 31, 2028. So, how do we look to capitalize on this opportunity? 
Manish Gangwal: 
You see, it will help definitely the EV penetration and as we have seen in certain segments in 
EV, it was already starting to flattening and hopefully with this extension, the growth levels in 
the EV will be continuing and that should help our charger business. First, a direct benefit in the 
PM E-DRIVE on charger segment is mainly on the  CPO side and not on the manufacturing side 
as we understand today. But having said that the indirect benefit will definitely be there. At the 
same time, we believe and we continue to emphasize that in spite of EV growing at certain pace, 
the lubricant business will continue to grow at 3%-4% in India for at least more than 15-20 years. 
We don't see any challenge on the lubricant side, but EV PM E-DRIVE or any other incentive 
schemes are helpful for our charger business. 
Shweta Sharma: 
And when could we expect the EBITDA margin to rise above the current levels? 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Manish Gangwal: 
You are talking of the lubricant business or EV business? 
Shweta Sharma: 
EV business, sir. 
Manish Gangwal: 
EV is a very small nascent business right now. There are a lot of costs and we keep putting lot 
of efforts and investments in brand, R&D, manpower and service network to be created. There 
is lot of costs sitting in that, but we keep growing our revenues like what we have done in this 
quarter at 163% and still maintaining an EBITDA at positive level. We are quite hopeful that 
with the increase in revenues we will be able to achieve the similar EBITDA percentage as 
lubricant in next 3-4 years. 
Shweta Sharma: 
That is it from my side, sir. Thank you. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. The next question is from the line of Hina Parekh, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Hina Parekh: 
Hello. Hi sir, I just had one question. The rural markets have been showing promise with 
companies expanding into these markets, witnessing good topline growth. How much of the 
rural markets have been penetrated by us? 
Ravi Chawla: 
We have automotive distributors and below that for many years we have been having Gulf Rural 
Stockists. We are growing in these areas also in terms of our distribution and rural has always 
been part of our focused efforts to increase distribution. We have seen always a double digit kind 
of growth in this segment and it continues in quarter 1. We are obviously present in all kinds of 
metros, Tier-1, Tier-2 and rural and we see great opportunities there. That is where again our 
brand is there, our activities are there and we are seeing agri and motorcycle which is used quite 
a lot in these segments, gaining a lot of traction. Definitely that is an area of growth for us and 
we are one of the companies who are very organized approach to this segment. 
Hina Parekh: 
Correct, sir. Thank you so much. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you, everyone for being part of the call. I hope we have been able to answer your questions 
well. Just as an outlook definitely, we would like to just say that this has been a record quarter 
again and we have also now looking at a capacity expansion, our mobility business is going well. 
The 1st Quarter is a strong momentum. July, August, September is a monsoon quarter so slightly 
low in terms of demand overall, but I think the momentum is present. We will continue our going 

 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
to the next level. Definitely, our teams are confident, passionate and shared purpose has always 
been one of our drivers and commitment has always been a key aspect of our business. 
Our 2-3x industry volumes growth and the margin band of 12%-14% has always been our mantra 
and we are trying to premiumize, accelerate, transform our business. We are focusing on that 
and as we have told you, we have been trying to lead the market growth, gain market share, 
improve our mix, continue our marketing initiatives, focus on margin management, profitable 
and sustainable growth across all our segments, as I mentioned all around the segments. And 
certainly we have a good presence in diesel engine oil and MCO, but we are looking at higher 
aggressive growth from segments - all the other segments where our market share is less than 
5%, like industrial, passenger cars. I think the focus is there and the focus is also there on 
increasing distribution both in urban and rural. 
We see a huge scope to grow our presence in distribution and also market shares and we will 
continue our investment in customer centric branding and we are advancing strategically, 
continue to remain focused on consumer and influencer engagements, enhancing our product 
portfolio, people development, building capabilities, of course sustainability is a big agenda and 
continue our growth in core and EV segments and AdBlue. We are happy to tell you that the 
growth momentum is very good and we hope that next quarter, we can share with you continued 
momentum. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
