G GRANULES 
Date: August 19, 2025 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Symbol: NSE: GRANULES: BSE: 532482 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q1 of 
FY26 
Ref: Our letter dated July 21, 2025 & August 07, 2025 for intimation of the schedule of 
the Earnings Conference call for Q1 of FY26. 
Pursuant to regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company for QI of 
FY26 is enclosed with this letter and has been uploaded on the website of the Company at the 
link: 
https://granulesindia.com/investors/investor-resources/earnings-call-transcripts/ 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
For GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
\nd/ 
le 
NA 
CHAITANYA TUMMALA 
2 Hyderabd 
3 
(COMPANY SECRETARY & 
= 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER) 
ee 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
Granules India Limited 
CIN: L24110TG1991PLC012471 
15'" Floor, Granules Tower, Botanical Garden Road, Kondapur, Hyderabad - 500084, Telangana, India 
Contact Us: Tel: +91 40 69043500 
| Fax: +91-40-23115145 
| mail@granulesindia.com 
Welw. Gren UTtaindia.- 
Lome
CHAITANYA 
TUMMALA
Digitally signed by 
CHAITANYA TUMMALA 
Date: 2025.08.19 11:49:42 
+05'30'

& GRANULES 
“Granules India Limited Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
J 
cranutes 
(e) 
MUFG 
cHor@ s@cHirs 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. KRISHNA PRASAD CHIGURUPATI— CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MS. PRIYANKA CHIGURUPATI — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MUKESH SURANA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
Dr. 
P.V. 
SRINIVAS 
— CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. 
SANJAY KUMAR 
— 
CHIEF 
STRATEGY 
OFFICER, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRACHI AMBRE — IR TEAM, MUFG

© 
Moderator: 
Prachi Ambre: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Granules India Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I] now hand the conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre 
from MUFG IR team. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Thank you, Shruti. On behalf of Granules India Limited, 
I extend 
a warm welcome to 
all the 
participants on QI FY26 Financial Results Discussion Call. 
Today on the call, we have Dr. Krishna Prasad Chigurupati — Chairman and Managing Director, Ms. 
Priyanka Chigurupati — Executive Director, Mr. Mukesh Surana — Chief Financial Officer, Dr. P.V. 
Srinivas — Chief Technology Officer and Mr. Sanjay Kumar — Chief Strategy Officer. 
Before we begin the call, 
I would like to give a short disclaimer: 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our 
beliefs, expectations and opinions as of today. The statements are not a guarantee of our future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, 
I would like to hand over the call to Dr. Knshna Prasad, sir for his opening comments. 
Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Thank you, Prachi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for joining us on 
our QI] FY26 Earnings Call. We appreciate your continued interest in Granules. 
We have uploaded a detailed presentation of our quarterly performance on our website, and I trust 
you have had a chance to review it. 
Let me start with U.S. FDA remediation at our Gagillapur facility: 
We are in the final stages of remediation following the August 24th US FDA inspection and 
subsequent warning letter. A fourth status report was submitted on July 31st, and so far, no concerns 
have been received from the FDA on the adequacy or pace of our corrective action. We will reach 
the six-month eligibility milestone for a meeting and re-inspection in September and plan to engage 
with the agency at that time. 
Meanwhile, the site has cleared inspections by German and Danish authorities, with Denmark 
granting an EU GMP certificate in July '25.

© GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
Across our network, multiple regulatory milestones have been achieved. At our US-based GPI site, 
an unannounced FDA inspection was completed successfully with one observation and has been 
responded to within the stipulated timelines. 
Our API Unit I facility at Bonthapally completed an FDA inspection in June '25, also with a single 
observation, and the response was submitted in a timely manner. 
A key milestone was achieved at our new formulations facility at Genome Valley under Granules 
Life Sciences, which underwent its first-ever FDA pre-approval inspection from July 28th to August 
Ist. This was successfully completed with a single procedural observation, and the response will also 
be submitted within the stipulated timeline. These successful inspections across multiple 
sites 
reaffirm our commitment to strengthening quality and compliance across the organization. Our focus 
remains on embedding a proactive, data-driven, and sustainable culture of quality for the long-term. 
Restarting the growth phase: 
With these developments, we are confident of returning to the growth trajectory of our formulations 
business from India, free from delivery constraints. The successful US FDA inspection of our 
Greenfield Formulations facility at Genome Valley unlocks an additional 
10 billion doses of 
formulations capacity, a 40% increase over the existing 26 billion dose capacity at Gagillapur, and 
establishes a second source supply of finished dosages and PFIs to the US from India. 
Supplies of monograph products to the US have already commenced, and ramp-up of prescription 
product supplies will follow FDA approval. 
In the coming quarters, inspections by European authorities for the Genome Valley sites are also 
expected. 
With remediation at Gagillapur expected to conclude in the near future, post which we anticipate 
swiftly overcoming the production slowdown from additional protocols, securing new product 
approval, and enabling the site to fully support our return to the growth trajectory. Together, these 
steps will free us from delivery constraints in both the US and EU, enabling us to fully leverage the 
growth potential of our formulations business from India. 
Additional growth will come from CNS ADHD segment from our GPI facility in the US, scale-up of 
large-volume products in the US and Europe, moving up the value chain in Europe, as well as 
oncology capacity monetization from Unit V, creating a balanced platform for near-term performance 
and long-term growth. 
We have also taken a significant step into high-growth peptide therapeutics and CDMO space with 
Senn Chemicals and Ascelis Peptides.

© 
Sanjay Kumar: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
Sanjay, our Chief Strategy Officer, will elaborate on this strategic platform later in the call. 
On the sustainability front, Granules was named to the 2024 CDP Supplier Engagement A-List for 
Leadership in Supplier Climate Action and Value Chain Emissions Management. 
We 
also joined 
the 
pharmaceutical 
supply 
chain 
initiative, 
furthering 
our commitment 
to 
transparency, sustainable operations, and global supply chain excellence, building on our SBTI- 
validated net-zero targets and EcoVadis Gold Medal, and CDP Climate Score of B. 
To conclude, we are entering the phase of reviving our growth with a stronger quality foundation, 
expanded capacity, and a more diversified portfolio. Near-term momentum will be driven by the 
ramp-up of prescription supplies from our Genome Valley facility, continued growth from our US 
operations, moving up the value chain in Europe, and finally, expected normalization of operations, 
and new product approvals from Gagillapur post-completion of the remediation. Over the medium 
to long-term, our strategic expansion into high-value segments such 
as peptides through Senn 
Chemicals, 
and Ascelis Peptides, alongside oncology, 
will further strengthen our competitive 
position. Supported by our sustainability commitment and disciplined execution, we are confident in 
delivering sustained value to all stakeholders. With this, I now hand over the call to “Sanjay Kumar, 
our Chief Strategy Officer, who will share more on our Peptides and CDMO Growth Platform.” 
Thank you, Chairman Sir. Good afternoon, everyone. 
I will take you through one of the most exciting strategic developments at Granules, our foray into 
the peptides and CDMO space through the acquisition of Senn Chemicals and the creation of our 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Ascelis Peptides. 
Peptides have rapidly emerged as a comerstone of advanced therapeutics with applications spanning 
diabetes, obesity, oncology, cosmetics, and theragnostics. The advent of GLP-1 drugs such 
as 
Simaglutide and Tirzepatide has been transformative for the obesity market, fueling unprecedented 
revenue forecasts and exceptional consumer interest. With the global peptide market driven in part 
by GLP-I receptor agonists now at a run rate of US$78 billion per annum and projected to surpass 
$130 billion by 2030, this segment represents a compelling long-term growth opportunity. 
It is 
reshaping industry and buzzing with innovator activity worldwide, creating a growing need for a 
credible CDMO partner. 
Ascelis anchors 
Granules transition from 
a primarily small-molecule oral solid-doses-focused 
business to a diversified platform encompassing peptides and in time oligonucleotides. 
Senn Chemicals is a Swiss-based CDMO with more than six decades of expertise in both liquid- 
phase and solid-phase peptide synthesis, backed by a strong regulatory credential and a proven track

© GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
record in peptide synthesis with a leading innovators company. This expertise forms the foundation 
for Ascelis as a full-spectrum CDMO solution provider serving innovators across pharmaceuticals, 
cosmetics, and theragnostics with flexible, high-quality manufacturing solutions. 
The team at Senn includes more than 80 highly qualified professionals with more than 50% of the 
managerial 
roles 
in R&D, 
manufacturing, 
quality, 
and business development held 
by Ph.D. 
graduates, demonstrating the depth of expertise that drives our CDMO capabilities. 
Our execution roadmap for Ascelis Peptides is anchored on “Four Strategic Pillars.” First, we are 
prioritizing the CDMO arm of Senn Chemicals to deepen engagement with the top innovators. This 
involves prioritizing flawless execution of ongoing CDMO projects, expanding the customer base to 
more innovators, enhancing service offerings, and leveraging Senn's long-standing reputation for 
delivering complex, high-quality peptides. 
Second, we are creating the backbone of amino acid derivatives and peptide fragments out of India 
to serve multi-segment applications across target peptide markets. This capability will ensure a wide 
range of therapeutic and specialty applications, ensuring that we have the essential building blocks 
for both the current and the future customer needs. 
Third, we are building a dual-site manufacturing network for high-value peptide APIs, leveraging 
Switzerland for small-scale, high-complexity production, and India for large-scale, cost-efficient 
manufacturing to serve global markets. This structure provides both flexibility and scale, enabling us 
to meet the diverse requirements for innovator customers in the CDMO space. 
In addition to the pharmaceutical peptides, Senn Chemicals operates in two niche but attractive 
segments -- Cosmetics and Theragnostics -- forming the fourth pillar. 
In Cosmetics, Senn and Ascelis are positioning as an early mover and a credible player in the 
cosmetics industry's transition towards a TFA-free peptide actives, addressing both performance and 
sustainability expectations of the customers. 
In Theragnostics, peptides serve as a precise targeting agent that can be radiolabeled for imaging and 
conjugated with therapeutics for treatment, offering strong potential in oncology, rare disease, and 
personalized medicine. 
“The Path Forward.” As 
I mentioned, we are advancing on two parallel fronts, enhancing Senn's 
capabilities to target more number of high-value CDMO projects through customer expansion and 
integrated R&D manufacturing capabilities, while simultaneously establishing a robust India-based 
R&D and manufacturing infrastructure for amino acid derivatives, peptide fragments, and eventually 
full-length peptides.

© 
Mukesh Surana: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
A key milestone of this journey includes the Peptides R&D Facility and Center of Excellence at the 
Indian Institute of Technology, (IIT), Hyderabad, scheduled to become operational by October of 
this year, and a commercial scale peptide manufacturing facility in India, targeted for completion by 
the end of the next financial year. 
The integration of Senn Chemicals into the Ascelis platform 
is progressing well, with cross- 
functional teams driving synergies across R&D, engineering, quality, and regulatory functions, while 
harmonizing systems, strengthening governance, and accelerating business development. These 
initiatives are aimed at positioning Ascelis as a credible, mid-size CDMO player in tight modalities 
over the next three to five years, serving as an innovation-aligned growth engine for the next decade. 
With this, 
I will now hand over the call to Mukesh Surana — our Chief Financial Officer, who will 
take you through the Financial Performance.” 
Thank you, Chairman Sir and Sanjay. Let me take you all through the top financial parameters now. 
Revenue: 
The Ist Quarter revenue was Rs.12,101 million as compared to Rs.11,799 million in QI FY25, 
reflecting a growth of 3% and revenue grew by 1% as compared to Q4 FY25. This also includes the 
revenue generated from Senn Chemicals AG of Rs.291 million. North America had a year-on-year 
growth and Europe grew sequentially. Lower sales in ROW was primarily because of PFI supply 
backlog from Gagillapur. 
The sales break-up as per the business divisions and geographic regions are presented in our investor 
presentation, which is available on the website. 
Gross Margin: 
We delivered a strong gross margin of 64.9% in QI FY26, representing an improvement of 593 basis 
points year-on-year and 
148 basis points sequentially. Gross margin improved primarily with 
consolidation of Senn Chemicals AG. 
EBITDA and EBITDA Margin: 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.2,467 million i.e. 20.4% of sales as compared to Rs.2,593 million. 
1.e. 22% of sales in QI] FY25, a decline of 159 basis points from Q1 FY25. The decline in EBITDA 
was primarily due to increase in professional expenses incurred for consultancy and remediation 
efforts in responses to US FDA observations. EBITDA as a percentage of sales for Q1 FY26 is down 
by 69 basis points from Q4 FY25. EBITDA percentage is impacted on account of higher manpower 
costs with consolidation of Senn Chemicals AG.

© 
Moderator: 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
R&D: 
R&D expenses for the quarter were Rs.678 million, which is 5.6% to sales as compared to Rs.620 
million, which is 5.3% to sales in QI FY25 and Rs.665 million which is 5.5% to sales in Q4 FY25. 
We will continue to spend similar amounts to support our long-term strategic growth. 
Net Debt: 
Our net debt stood at Rs.9,480 million post acquisition of Senn Chemicals AG as compared to 
Rs.7,061 million in Q4 FY25. 
Cash-to-Cash Cycle: Our cash-to-cash cycle was 205 days in the current quarter as compared to 202 
days in Q4 FY25. 
Cash Flow from Operations: 
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was Rs.2,806 million as compared to Rs.3,183 million in 
Q4 FY25. 
CAPEX: 
CAPEX spent during the quarter was Rs.1,137 million as compared to Rs.1,598 million in Q4 FY25. 
ROCE: 
ROCE for QI FY26 is 16% with increased capital employed post acquisition of Senn Chemicals AG 
as compared to 16.6% in Q4 FY25. 
With this, 
I open the floor for questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, now that remediation measures are more or less done, we have got 
ramp up of Genome Valley as well, so for FY26, what kind of revenue growth and EBITDA margin 
one can think of? 
Tushar, remediation, we are going to meet the FDA next month. And by the time they come and re- 
audit us and clear this, it could take up till end of December. So, we see good and also, for the new 
GLS site, the approval we expect in another 40 days or whatever, 35 days. So, after that, only the real 
growth would start. And also, the new approvals that are pending with US FDA for Gagillapur site

© 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Mukesh Surana: 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Moderator: 
Maitri Sheth: 
Moderator: 
Maitri Sheth: 
Moderator: 
Maitri Sheth: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
will also be cleared, and they will take some time to revamp. So, you can see FY27 as a very good 
growth year, starting from last quarter of this year. 
Got it. So, this peptide segment, what kind of investment one should sort of think of for FY26 to start 
with? And then over a period of time, overall, what kind of amount are we sort of parking for this 
space? 
Tushar, Mukesh this side. we have acquired this business, equity plus debt, overall enterprise value 
of about Rs.450 crores. And this year, we are looking at additional investment of probably close to 
Rs.100 crores in Switzerland, and also another Rs.20-30 crores or so for the backend in India for 
R&D lab and all. This is for FY26. And FY27, we may want to spend a 
little CAPEX on the backend 
manufacturing capability. We are still estimating that. 
Got it. Sir, just thirdly on the EU sales, we have seen slight uptick after FY25 to be sort of muted. 
So, as we are also moving up the value chain, so what kind of growth prospects can be sought for 
Europe business? 
Europe, yes, there was a small uptick this quarter. There continues to be an uptick. This is essentially 
because over the last year, we have actually had orders for Europe. So, now that we have started 
slowly freeing up our capacity, we have started supplying more products to Europe. In addition to 
that, some of the approvals that we got earlier, we started launching them in Europe through some 
partners. So, that is essentially it. Going forward, you will see this getting to about 15%, 20% of the 
revenue. 
Got it. Got it, ma'am. Thanks. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Our next question is from the line of Maiti Sheth from Choice Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. One is on the CDMO and the peptide 
segment, which is now... 
Maitri ma'am, your voice is coming very low. Can you please take the device close to you and be -. 
So, 
I just had a question on the CDMO and peptide segment. Now that it is subject to the revenue, 
how much does it affect total revenue contribution in... 
Maitri ma'am, sorry. Your voice is breaking when you are speaking. 
I will just join back the queue.

© 
Moderator: 
Madhav: 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Madhav: 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Madhav: 
Moderator: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
Okay, ma'am. Please. Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes. Sir, 
[just wanted to understand that for this peptide CDMO franchise which we are looking to 
invest in, generally CDMO businesses have a slightly longer gestation period to get the pipeline with 
the innovators and build it up. Just wanted to understand where we are in that journey in terms of 
client relationship or projects in the pipeline? And how much time does it take before we see some 
of these molecules commercializing and scaling up for us? So, if you could give some timeline there, 
it will be helpful just to understand where we are in the cycle? 
So, Madhav, you are nght. The CDMO business by very nature is a long gestation projects by itself. 
But having said that, Senn Chemicals already have a book of business and ongoing projects at various 
levels, though at a small scale, that gives it some revenue visibility right away. What we are seeing 
today is both from the innovator company and the other players in the CDMO supply chain geared 
towards serving the innovator customers, we are seeing enquiries and demands all across the 
spectrum. And we are responding to those. We believe with Senn legacy, its own customer connect 
both with the innovators and with the other pharma partners, we are in a good shape. So, the priority 
is first on to execute well on the ongoing CDMO project that we are partnering on some of the in- 
clinical assets and simultaneously execute well on all the RFP, RFQ that we are receiving through 
them. 
So, we do have a 
visibility and the 
story of legacy of Senn backed by the backbone 
infrastructure that we are creating also out of India in a cost-efficient environment, is the story that 
has been gaining traction through our initial conversation with the customers. So, 
I will stop short 
there and will be able to provide additional visibility in the coming quarters. However, it is sufficient 
to say that we have an existing book of business and existing set of enquiries that we are responding 
to giving us a good visibility on the expected business that we can expect in the future quarters. 
Butjust a quick follow up, in terms of projects in the pipeline, generally, peers in the space, they give 
a breakdown in terms of how many projects they have in, phase one, phase two, phase three, 
something like that, are there any projects which are in phase three today or are we doing more phase 
one, phase two kind of projects, if you could give some color so we can make some assessment there. 
So, Madhav, we are bound by confidentiality on these assets, and we are not at the freedom to disclose 
those. But yes, these are in clinical early stages, Machav 
. 
Understood. Got it. Thank you. 
Our next question is from the line of Devanshi Shah from SDA Finance. Please go ahead.

© 
Devanshi Shah: 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Devanshi Shah: 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Devanshi Shah: 
Moderator: 
Maitri Sheth: 
Dr. Krishna Chigurupati: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
So, 
I had a few questions. First one was, with the new peptide R&D facility and integration of Senn 
Chemicals, what is roadmap for scaling peptide APIs and CDMO services and how do you see this 
contributing to differentiated growth in regulated markets? 
So, Devanshi, in earlier question I alluded to the ongoing traction that we have on the CDMO side 
with a few existing projects in line and additional enquiries that we receive. 
I can provide additional 
color to the nature of those enquiries. Some of these are linked to the early phase in clinical asset and 
some of these are by the big innovator company to check for our capabilities as they ramp up their 
pipeline and more and more assets are expected. They are scouting for the nght kind of assets and 
capabilities, asking the partners to demonstrate these capabilities in specific peptide segments. So, 
we are getting those tractions as well. In addition, there are needs for amino acid derivatives and 
small peptide fragments which is 
a common element across most of the players and they are looking 
for a reliable and a cost-efficient source outside of China. That is another tailwind that, that industry 
is facing and Senn Chemicals is well suited with this Ascelis platform to serve those demands. 
Okay, got it sir. Also, Europe's revenue contribution has improved sequentially. What factors really 
drove this recovery, was it like volume growth, say customer additions or improved supply dynamics, 
so, what was it? 
I will take that question. I just answered it with the earlier gentleman. It is an increase in our capability 
of supply to Europe in addition to some additional launches that we actually pursued this quarter. So, 
we actually launched one product this quarter and you will see increased revenues coming from that 
one product going forward as well. And going forward for Europe, we have about 10 approvals that 
are pending within this year and next year, out of which one or two products we can only launch later 
because of patent situation, but we have about six products that we can launch upon approval. So, 
you will see revenues from Europe going up sequentially. 
Got it. Thank you so much. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Our next question is from the line of Maitn Sheth from Choice Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
So, 
I just have a couple of questions. One is on the CDMO peptide segment that has now started 
contributing to the revenue. 
So, 
if you can share any color on how much contribution we are 
expecting by this fiscal end? That is one. Second is on the API segment. If we are expecting any 
recovery going forward because the segment has been seeing a drag for quite a few quarters. So, 
maybe by this fiscal end, can we see a low single digit or mid single digit growth in the segment? 
That is all. 
On the API, let me take that question and the other question Sanjay will take that. API has never been 
a focus which means we are always trying to move forward in the chain. API is converting to PFI

© 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Krisha Kansara: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Mukesh Surana: 
Krisha Kansara: 
Moderator: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
and PFI to tablets. If you see our formulations growth, most of 
it has come from using our own APIs. 
And also there was 
a drag on Paracetamol 
in the past. That has slowly started picking up... 
Paracetamol, PFIs and APIs. So, we see some growth happening in APIs, but overall most of the 
APIs made in our facility will be for in-house use. 
On the peptides, Maitn, the current book of business on an annualized basis is in the range of CHF15 
to CHF20 million. But the good thing is now the Senn Chemicals would be out of certain delivery 
constraints. Earlier it was not able to take certain opportunity because it did not have the backbone 
of India-based supply infrastructure that we are able to bring to Ascelis. The number two, it did not 
have the scale-up capability beyond 
its (inaudible) 32:11. We 
are addressing both 
of these 
constraints and trying to get the best use of, again 
I keep on saying, the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity 
that we see in more enquiries, more interaction with the customers, so that Senn is now well suited 
to leverage and execute on those opportunities, which earlier it was not able to do so. 
Our next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for letting me join again. Sir, 
I have one question related to our Gagillapur facility. So, 
you mentioned that the remediation activities will be concluded in near future. 
So, 
I have two 
questions with respect to this. One is, till date, how much have we spent towards this remediation 
initiative for our formulations facility? Thatis one. And second is somewhat similar to what the first 
participant asked. So, 
I just wanted to reconfirm the timeline because 
I missed your point? You 
mentioned that you are going to meet someone from FDA in this month and then they will plan for 
a re-inspection at our facility by December this year. And post that, it will take one or two months 
for the approval or the final outcome to come. Am I correct on the timeline? Thank you. 
Yes, you are perfectly nght, Krisha, on the timelines and the remediation. Basically, we are not 
supposed to go back to the FDA for six months from the date of the warning letter. So, that six months 
will be over next month and then we plan to go there. And regarding the other part of your question, 
Mukesh will take it. 
Yes, Knisha. So, with respect to remediation expenses and also there were some air freight costs we 
have incurred quarter-on-quarter, both put together, over the last three quarters, we have spent about 
Rs.80 crores on the OPEX side. In addition to that, on the CAPEX side, we have also incurred close 
to about Rs.50-odd crores. Some are improvement and some are also related to IT infrastructure and 
MES, which is estimated at Rs.50 crores. We have not fully spent, but CAPEX side is another Rs.50 
crores. 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. 
Our next question is from the line of Devanshi Shah from SDA Finance. Please go ahead.

© 
Devanshi Shah: 
Mukesh Surana: 
Devanshi Shah: 
Mukesh Surana: 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Devanshi Shah: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Devanshi Shah: 
Moderator: 
Harith Ahmed: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
Hi. Sorry, 
I have a few more follow-up questions. So, my first question was manpower costs have 
risen following the acquisition. So, should we expect these to stabilize over time or will they remain 
elevated due to ongoing integration and expanded operational scope? 
So, this increase in manpower cost is primarily with the consolidation of Senn Chemicals. So, this 
will remain at these levels going forward. 
Okay. Also, the ROCE has declined to 16% in QI FY26. So, partly due to increased capital incurred 
following the same chemicals acquisition? So, have you planned to improve return metrics over the 
coming quarters and what timeline do you see for realizing synergies from this investment? 
So, itis primarily because of Senn Chemicals AG acquisition, the ROCE has slightly dipped. Quarter- 
on-quarter, we may not see a significant improvement because it is a long gestation project where 
Sanjay has clarified earlier. 
Yes, sure. So, we are working on quickly turning this around to a profitable business and we believe 
within 12 to 18 months, it will match the return metric that the parent organization has. 
Okay. Okay. And my last question was can you share more on the progress of the Gagillapur 
remediation program and its expected impact on operational readiness and supply continuity? 
Devanshi, we have answered this question initially but let me repeat 
it. Yes, we are close to 
remediation and we expect that sometime in December, we will have a pre-audit and maybe a few 
weeks after that, we should get our clearance. And the impact is we will be able to produce more in 
our Gagillapur facility. Today, we are constrained to some extent. We have business but we have 
supply issues and also we will have a new approval coming through, and as we start launching those, 
again there will be uptick in sales. So, next fiscal, it is going to be a good year, back to our growth 
trajectory. 
Got it, sir. Thank you for taking my questions again. Thank you. 
Our next question is from the line of Harith Ahmed from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if you can comment a bit about the new GLS facility and how 
we should think about ramp-up of utilizations there? 
Yes, Harith. GLS, we have been producing some monograph products for the US 
so far, small 
quantities. Now, that is getting ramped up and also once we get the approval for the first molecule 
which we have done a 
site transfer to GLS, that is a large volume molecule and at least 40%, 35% of 
the capacity of GLS can be taken up just by that one product and then there are other filings which 
we have made for site transfer as they come through and those are all basically CBE-30s. So, they

© 
Harith Ahmed: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Harith Ahmed: 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Harith Ahmed: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Harith Ahmed: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
would not take too long. So, 
I think by Ist Quarter of next year, we would have been fully ramped 
up in this site. 
Okay. Understood, sir. And now, when I look at our R&D spends, we have stepped up versus let us 
say four to five quarters back. So, the current spends of around Rs.300 crores on an annualized basis. 
Can you provide some color on the areas where we are spending and if you can quantify or talk about 
the number of filings that we are targeting? 
Priyanka, you want to take that question, Priyanka? 
Yes. Like we mentioned in several calls earlier, while we continue to spend on our regular products 
that we work on, the large volume integrated products, two special areas that we are focusing on are 
ADHD and oncology. The spend of each is a 
little bit higher than what we typically spend on as of 
now. Two, we are working on global expansion of these products. And that in itself increases the 
filing costs, etc., are quite significant in each region. So, if you combine both of them, that is why 
you see that the spend has gone up over the last couple of quarters. And also, the quality of filings 
that we are doing have significantly improved only because you can see that we have a couple of 
first-to-file products, which we can get into details about a little bit later, which we are very excited 
to launch in the next couple of years. And again, like I mentioned, oncology products, you will see 
them being going off-patent in about three to four years. So, we will start launching them in about 
three to four years in global markets. Does that answer your question? 
Yes. 
I was thinking about some qualitative color on the various segments, like control substances or 
some of the other areas. 
ADHD means control substances, right, and apart from therapy agnostic. 
Concentration is mostly on onco and ADHD as of now. And like Priyanka said, we are therapy- 
agnostic, but we are mostly concentrating on first-to-files and possibly some 505(b)(2). So, that is 
where the cost is going up. 
Sir, also about the recent leadership change, if you can give some color on how we are planning the 
transition post Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao's resignation? 
I am fully back in the seat, Harith, and I am very excited. And I think I will be able to make a positive 
difference. And also, family is getting involved more and more. And I am very confident of a very 
positive outcome. 
Thank you, 
sir. And last one, with your permission, on peptides, 
I am not very familiar with the 
capabilities that Senn Chemicals has. So, what exactly are our capabilities there in terms of protected 
amino acids, peptide fragments, APIs, and how do we see the capabilities evolving in the peptide

© 
Dr. P.V. Srinivas: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Harith Ahmed: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
Harith Ahmed: 
Moderator: 
Krishna P Chigurupati: 
GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
space? And if you can also comment a bit about the competitive landscape here? Some of our peers 
are fairly advanced in terms of their capabilities and capacity enhancements. So, are we a 
bit late in 
terms of our entry into the space, given that the market is fairly established and supply chains are 
fairly evolved currently? 
Hi, Dr. Srinivas here. 
So, regarding Senn Chemicals, yes, they have very experienced peptide 
chemists and with 
a good pedigree and they are considered as experts in liquid phase peptide 
synthesis. But they also practice even solid phase peptide synthesis too. And of course, they are there 
in amino acid derivatives and then serving to the needs of both pharmaceutical industry as well as 
cosmetics. And they are all custom-made peptides and to the innovators as well as to cosmetic 
industry. Innovators, when 
I say that you know both in the case of pharmaceuticals as well as in 
cosmetic industry. So, they are there in that field and essentially, they have the capacity to produce 
up to kilogram scale, if not more than that. So, that is what about the capability of Senn Chemicals 
as of now. And we are backing it up by setting up the R&D facilities here in India. And essentially, 
what we are trying to do is that we are setting up both the synthesis as well as characterization 
facilities. And 
so, that whatever API development, that goes on, whether 
it 
is in India or in 
Switzerland, the characterization will happen here. 
Harith, let me just add. Today people are moving away from solid phase synthesis to liquid phase. 
There are so many advantages in liquid phase, which was not realized before. And the capability 
Senn has on liquid phase is recognized by many of the companies and they are giving us products or 
discussing products with us, which will only be made in liquid phase and not in solid phase. So, that 
gives us a differentiated advantage as of today. And the fact that Senn is an expert on liquid phase is 
known throughout. 
Okay, sir. 
Also, let me just add another one. The future is liquid phase synthesis for peptides. 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. 
Krishna Prasad Chigurupati, the Chairman and Managing Director, for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for being with us today in spite of having many other 
Investor Calls today. So, thank you once again and look forward to meeting with you and being with 
you for the next quarter’s resuslts.

© GRANULES 
Granules India Limited 
August 12, 2025 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Granules India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
