Uno Minda Limited 
Ref. No. Z-IV/R-39/D-2/NSE/207 & 174 
Date: August 12, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: UNOMINDA 
klJOC•)( MINDA] 
---0.::tlVING T _HE NEVV--
BSE Ltd. 
Floor - 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
BSE Scrip: 532539 
Sub: - Transcript of the Earnings Call held on Wednesday, August 06, 2025 on the Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the Earnings Call held on Wednesday, August 06, 2025 on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone 
and Consolidated) for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
A copy of the said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company www.unominda.com 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uno Minda limited 
~P.~"CJ.'=>bCf!\9~ 
Ta run Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A11994 
Place: Manesar 
Uno Minda Limited (Corporate Office) : Village Nawada Fatehpur, P.O. Sikanderpur Bodda, Mancsar, Distt. Gurgaon, Haryana - 122004, India. 
T: +91 124 2290427/28, 2290693/94/96 F: +91 124 2290676/95 Email: info@unominda.com,www.unomindo.com 
Regd. Office: 8 - 64/1 . W cnirpur Industrial Area, D e lhi - 110052 CIN No _ L7 4899DL l 992PLC050333 
Tarun 
Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by Tarun Kumar Srivastava 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=122004, 
l=Gurgaon, st=Haryana, street=SPAZE PRIVY AT4 
TOWER B3 FLAT NO G004 SECTOR 84 , 
Sikanderpur Badha 109 , Farrukhnagar Haryana 
India 122004, title=2859, 
2.5.4.20=b75da97dcdac4b03f94d71b5aebe1fc2c9
c1b35694f0c224bb63e058861ebec0, 
serialNumber=0c033cbcccc1565aa8ed57e3ae894
fda59f9e41780ddaf2099191d5dc6cd5803, 
email=tksrivastava@unominda.com, cn=Tarun 
Kumar Srivastava 
Date: 2025.08.12 12:46:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Uno Minda Limited Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchanges on August 06, 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL BOHRA - GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, UNO MINDA LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR MODI – HEAD - CORPORATE TREASURY, 
IR & COMMUNICATION, UNO MINDA LIMITED 
llJlt•)I MINDA l 
--.::>~IVING THE NEW-
uJlt•)I MINDA I 
C 
H 
O 
R 
L 
L 
~ 
----.:::>~IVING THE NEW-

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Uno Minda Limited Q1 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company, as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Bohra – Group Chief Financial Officer, for his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. On the earnings call 
today, I am joined by my colleague, Ankur Modi. We have uploaded our financial results and 
investor presentation for Q1 FY'26 on the stock exchanges and our Company's website. 
We hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. I would like to begin by giving 
some insights on the economy, followed by the current scenario in the auto industry and our 
financial and operational performance for the quarter. Post that, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
The global economy has shown remarkable resilience in 2025, though it faces increasing 
headwinds from trade tensions and geopolitical instability. The IMF projects global GDP growth 
at approximately 3% in 2025 and 3.1% in 2026, modestly higher than earlier forecasts. However, 
growth remains below pre-pandemic averages, and the risk of further trade escalation looms 
large. 
One of the main sources of disruption has been the sharp escalation in US tariffs, especially on 
imports from China, Canada and Mexico. According to a CEPR analysis, these measures could 
reduce US real wages by 1.4% by 2028 and shed about 1% of GDP. Similarly, Citi Research 
and Morgan Stanley warn that elevated US tariffs are inducing structural distortions in the global 
economy and dragging on long-term growth expectations. Major economies are now diverging 
in momentum. US growth is weathering the storm but slowing, with projected real GDP at 
around 1.5% in 2025, down from nearly 2.8% in 2024. Europe's growth is weak and fragmented, 
while China's is decelerating to approximately 4% in 2025, constrained by both external and 
domestic structural factors. 
In contrast to global moderation, India's economic growth remains robust, standing out as the 
fastest-growing major economy. The IMF projects GDP growth at 6.4% in both 2025 and 2026, 
well ahead of global peers. The RBI also maintains a bullish outlook, projecting around 6.5% 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
growth for FY26, supported by strong domestic demand and prudent fiscal management. India's 
continued outperformance is anchored by several factors – a demographic dividend, rising 
urbanization, and a concerted push on Make in India, infrastructure investment and digital 
transformation. These structural strengths are reinforcing its macro resilience amid global 
uncertainty. 
Moving on to the automotive industry: 
For the quarter ending June '25, the Indian automobile industry recorded a year-on-year volume 
growth of 2%, with total production reaching around 8 million units. The growth was largely 
supported by record export volume growth, while domestic consumption has declined year-on-
year basis. 
Moving on to the PV industry: 
In Q1 FY'26, the total PV production volume registered a year-on-year growth of around 3%, 
reaching 1.24 million units. Within this, the utility vehicle segment stood out, underscoring 
continued strong consumer preference in this category. Contrary to the domestic market, exports 
grew by 13% to 2.04 lakhs. 
Looking ahead, the segment remains cautiously optimistic. Gradual recovery is anticipated in 
the coming quarters, driven by the upcoming festive season and expected improvement in rural 
incomes following a favorable monsoon. Export momentum supported by international demand 
is also expected to play a vital role in the sector's performance moving forward. 
In Q1 FY'26, the two-wheeler segment recorded a year-on-year marginal growth of 1%, with 
total production reaching approximately 5.9 million units. The bright spot was exports of two-
wheelers for the quarter, reaching 1.1 million, growth of around 23%. The growing exports for 
both PV and two-wheelers reflect our competitiveness, quality and technological competence. 
The three-wheeler segment recorded a robust growth of 10.4% in Q1, primarily driven by strong 
demand for passenger carriers. The EV segment continued its upward momentum in June '25 
quarter, with volume stretching around 5 lakh units. Strong consumer adoption, supported by a 
wider range of models and improving access to charging infrastructure, has been a key driver of 
this growth. Electric two-wheeler registration during the quarter was estimated to be around 2.98 
lakhs. The electric three-wheeler reported record growth in registration of 27%, reaching 1.9 
lakh units, while electric passenger vehicle registrations were around 38,000. 
Looking ahead, the automotive industry looks as cautiously optimistic. Key macroeconomic 
indicators, such as anticipated above normal monsoon, which are expected to bolster rural 
incomes, and the cumulative 100% point cut in the repo rate over past six months, offer 
meaningful tailwinds. The India-UK free FTA offers significant opportunities for the Indian 
automotive and auto component industry. While FTA also opens up India market for UK 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
imports, however, we don't foresee significant competition as domestic manufacturing remains 
cost competitive. 
Moving on to financial and operational performance for the quarter: 
You can refer to Slide #7 and #8. Uno Minda delivered strong financial performance in the first 
quarter FY'26, driven by broad based growth across multiple product segments. Consolidated 
revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 4,489 crores. This includes certain incentive 
incomes amounting to around Rs. 69 crores pertaining to prior period. However, for the purpose 
of like-to-like comparison from the corresponding quarter, we have excluded the same from 
revenues, EBITDA and PAT to derive normalized growth. Consequently, revenues from 
operations excluding such prior period income was Rs 4,420 crores, registering a robust 16% 
year-on-year growth compared to Rs 3,818 crores in Q1 FY'25. This performance reflects 
healthy traction across core product lines such as switches, lighting, alloy wheels, and seating 
systems, along with accelerating momentum in emerging segments including sensors, radars, 
and controllers. 
Adjusting for the prior period income, normalized EBITDA stood at Rs. 474 crores, broadly in 
line with the revenue growth, while maintaining stable EBITDA margins of around 10.7%. It is 
worth noting that these margins were achieved despite the impact of annual cost escalations and 
manpower cost procedures, which were above industry averages during the quarter. Finance cost 
rose to Rs. 44 crores, primarily due to increased borrowing undertaken to fund CAPEX and 
working capital requirements. Depreciation expenses also increased by Rs. 18 crores reaching 
Rs. 159 crores, reflecting the commissioning and capitalization of new facilities over past year, 
including the 4-wheeler lighting plant at Khed City and the additional two-wheeler capacity 
expansion at the two-wheeler alloy wheel facility in Supa. 
Share of profit from associates and joint ventures rose to Rs. 47 crores in Q1 compared to Rs. 
37 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. This improvement was primarily driven by the 
strong performance of TG Uno Minda, Denso Ten Uno Minda, while results from Roki and 
TRMN remained steady. Profit after tax attributable to shareholders stood at Rs. 291 crores. On 
a normalized basis, PAT was Rs. 239 crores, reflecting a healthy year-on-year growth of 21% 
over Rs. 198 crores in Q1 FY'25. 
Coming to the business segment-wise performance: 
If we look at Slide #11, the switching system business continued to deliver an outstanding 
performance in the quarter, contributing significantly to Uno Minda's overall revenue mix. The 
segment reported revenues of Rs. 1,111 crores during the quarter, marking a 16% year-over-year 
growth and accounting for a substantial 25% of companies' consolidated revenues. The growth 
was fueled by multiple drivers. Export performance remained particularly strong in the two-
wheeler switch category. Exports in this category reached new quarterly run rate of Rs. 68 crores 
reflecting our globally competitive and robust quality systems. We are pleased to report a new 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
export order from a UK-based motorcycle manufacturer for supply to their Thailand plant, 
further validating our global capabilities. The relocation and expansion of our four wheeler 
switch operations under Uno Mindarika from Manesar to Farrukhnagar is progressing as planned 
and is expected to be commissioned by Q3 FY'27. 
During the transition, we anticipate a temporary overlap of costs as we manage operations across 
two plants. Nonetheless, this move will enhance our operational efficiency and capacity over 
medium to long term. The lighting system business continues to be a cornerstone of Uno Minda's 
growth trajectory, delivering another robust performance during the quarter. The segment 
reported revenues of Rs 1,013 crores, contributing a substantial 23% to Company's consolidated 
revenues. This reflects a healthy 13% year-over-year growth compared to Rs. 894 crores in Q1 
FY'25. The strong performance was primarily driven by ongoing transition to LED technology 
and increasing customer demand for advanced aesthetically appealing lighting solutions, 
particularly in the front and rear lamp applications. Our European lighting operations continue 
to elevate their position as a technology leader and have recently secured an order for the next-
generation Dynamic Logo Projectors from a leading automotive OEM. 
Looking ahead, the business remains sharply focused on expanding its portfolio of next-
generation lighting solutions. This includes projector headlamps, Dynamic Logo Projectors, 
ambient lighting and adaptive lighting systems.  
The casting business delivered a robust performance in the quarter, generating revenues of Rs. 
824 crores, which accounted for 19% of the group's revenues. This included Rs. 431 crores from 
the four-wheeler alloy wheel business, Rs. 243 crores from two-wheeler alloy wheel and Rs. 149 
crores from aluminum die casting. This growth was driven by a commissioning of new 
capacities, including 30,000 wheels per month line at a four-wheeler alloy wheel facility in 
Bawal and an additional two million wheels per annum capacity at a two-wheeler alloy wheel 
facility in Supa. 
Construction of our Greenfield four-wheeler alloy wheel facility at Kharkhoda is progressing 
well. The first phase of the capacity of 60,000 wheels per month is expected to be commissioned 
in Q2 of the current fiscal year. 
Our Seating system business continued to contribute meaningfully, recording revenues of Rs. 
320 crores for Q1 FY'26, which represents 7% of the consolidated topline. The segment 
delivered a strong year-on-year growth of 18%, primarily driven by diversification of customer 
base for two-wheeler seats. Looking ahead, we expect the seating division to maintain its growth 
momentum, backed by exports to new customers, supply of suspended seats to more customers 
in domestic market and volume growth from newly added customers into the seat business. 
The Acoustics segment reported revenues of Rs. 187 crores in the quarter, contributing a steady 
4% to the consolidated topline. The European automotive market continues to experience 
volatility, with muted demand impacting the acoustic segment. The decline is attributable to both 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
softening and market demand, and a shift in OEM preference from dual-horns to single-horn 
configurations, which has resulted in reduced overall content. We are actively pursuing multi-
Cost strategy including improving efficiency and productivity and driving cost optimization 
across manufacturing and sourcing in an effort to revive the profitability of our European 
Acoustic business. 
Moving to the other product segment, which delivered a strong performance generating Rs. 966 
crores in revenues during the quarter, registering year-on-year growth of 30%, contributing 22% 
to the consolidated topline. Within this, controllers contributed Rs. 147 crores, sensors and 
ADAS Rs. 215 crores, blow molding Rs. 110 crores, Uno Minda FRIWO JV arm Rs 78 crores, 
and the alternate fuel business around Rs. 110 crores. The remaining revenue was driven by 
aftermarket trading, external sales from Uno Minda Katolec, engineering services in Europe, 
and battery sales in the aftermarket channel. 
The controller business, primarily supplying wireless chargers and EV components for electric 
two-wheelers and three-wheelers continued to grow due to increased penetration of wireless 
chargers and rising EV 3W volumes. Notably, during the quarter, we commenced commercial 
sales of EVSE home charging solutions for electric four-wheelers. These units are currently 
being supplied to the dealerships to build market inventory ahead of the model launches. OEM 
deliveries are expected to commence in the next 3-4 months, in line with the associated model 
launches. At present, EVSE production is managed under the controller division. Our sensors 
and ADAS business also performed exceptionally well, driven by increasing demand and 
localization efforts. 
A key highlight during this quarter was the commissioning of a new camera module production 
line. We are proud to share that Uno Minda has become the first company in India to localize 
camera module production for RPAS/FPAS systems, components that were previously fully 
imported. Commercial supplies have risen, and we anticipate a ramp-up in volume in the coming 
quarters. 
Electric mobility remains a central pillar for our growth strategy. Our integrated EV offerings 
for electric two-wheelers, including chargers, EMS, controllers, sensors, continue to gain 
momentum. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 49.9% stake in 
UMEVSPL, our joint venture with FRIWO. Additionally, Uno Minda acquired the IPR, R&D 
team, and technical know-how related to technologies, including control hardware and software, 
for FRIWO's operations in Germany and Vietnam. This strengthens our in-house capability to 
scale and innovate across the electric drivetrain value chain. 
We would also like to inform you that the Board of Directors has granted in-principle approvals 
for the acquisition of the remaining stake in our JV, Uno Minda Buehler Motor Private Limited. 
The acquisition will be executed in one or more phases, subject to mutually agreed terms. The 
Board has authorized the M&A Committee to recommend and approve the final purchase 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
consideration  and other terms of the transaction. Discussions with our joint venture partner 
Buehler Motor are currently underway and we expect to finalize the agreement over the next 
few months.  
While our direct dependence on rare earth magnets is limited, we have witnessed some indirect 
impacts due to reduced volume from OEMs, specifically in the EV two-wheeler segment. 
Nevertheless, we are mitigating this through alternate sourcing and close collaboration with our 
OEM partners. 
We are pleased to inform you that the construction work has commenced on our new Greenfield 
facility for high-voltage EV powertrain components under our JV with Inovance Automotive. 
Phase-1 is expected to be commissioned by Q2 FY'27. However, to cater to OEM demand, we 
may commence usage supplies via imports from our joint venture partner ahead of the 
transformation. As previously communicated, the JV with Inovance requires regulatory 
clearance. We have now formally applied for various approvals and are actively engaging with 
regulatory authorities to address any queries and expedite the approval process.  
Moving to the aftermarket revenue, I think you can refer to Slide #14. For the quarter ending 
June '25, our aftermarket business reported revenues of Rs. 329 crores, contributing 
approximately 7% of consolidated revenues. In addition to these direct aftermarket sales, several 
of our businesses verticals also supplied purchase components to the spare part division of 
OEMs, which has seen notable growth in recent years. With OEMs increasingly focusing on 
strengthening their aftermarket presence, our SPD linked sales have scaled up significantly. 
During the quarter, the SPD sales stood at Rs. 248 crores. The combined revenues from 
aftermarket and SPD channels amounted to Rs. 577 crores, reflecting the growing importance 
of these segments in our overall business mix. 
Our international business contributed approximately 11% of total revenues during Q1 FY'26. 
While sales from certain geographies such as Europe witnessed some decline, this was 
effectively offset by a robust growth in exports from India. The dip in the share of international 
business as a percentage of total revenues is largely attributable to the stronger growth 
momentum in the domestic market, even as international sales remain relatively stable. We 
would like to clarify that the ongoing U.S. tariff situation has no material impact on our 
operations as exports to the U.S. constitute less than 2% of our total revenues. In fact, we have 
witnessed growing demand in the U.S. for our two-wheeler products, reinforcing our 
competiveness growth in the global market. 
Moving to our debt levels, our debt as of June was at Rs. 2,228 crores compared to Rs. 2,091 
crores as of March 31, 2025. The net debt has increased on account of expansion CAPEX as 
well as expenditure of Rs. 130 crores on land at Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar. While sustaining 
and growth capex have been largely financed from business cash flows, the capital expenditure 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
primarily on land bank has resulted in incremental debt. Our net debt to equity as of 30th June 
stands healthy at 0.34. 
As you look ahead, Uno Minda is strongly positioned for sustained and long-term growth. Our 
strong fundamentals are backed by a well-diversified product portfolio, deep customer 
relationships and continued investment in emerging technologies, including electric mobility, 
ADAS, advanced electronics and automotive lightings. Our persistent track record of 
outperforming industry, delivering 1.5x volume growth over market averages, demonstrates the 
strength of our OEM partnerships, our innovation-led approach and our operational discipline. 
We remain focused on enhancing both our capacities and capabilities. Currently, we have 
approximately 13 ongoing expansion projects across multiple key programs. Among these, 
several are slated for commissioning during the current financial year, including Phase-1 of the 
four-wheeler alloy wheel plant at Kharkhoda, the Lighting Manufacturing Facility in Indonesia, 
the Die Casting Capacity Expansion at Hosur. 
In addition, the full year ramp-up of recently commissioned projects, including the four-wheeler 
lighting plants at Khed City and Gujarat, the expanded two-wheeler alloy wheel plant at Supa 
and the four-wheeler alloy wheel plant at Bawal, are expected to further support growth in FY'26. 
We enter the next phase of our growth journey with confidence, agility and a clear strategic 
vision. We remain committed to delivering long-term value to all our stakeholders and are 
optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead. 
With this, I would now like to open the floor for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is just on the castings 
business, which is well levered to SUV growth in India. So, after a very strong run of consistent 
SUV growth, I think June 2025 seems to be the first month where SUV growth sort of became 
flat after a period of almost 3 successive years of strong sort of high single-digit to mid-double-
digit growth. I just wanted to understand, near term, over the next 2-3 quarters, how are you 
thinking about castings growth? Is this having some impact on the pace at which alloy wheels 
and castings might grow in the near term? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Any other questions? 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Yes. So, second one is just around disclosure in the annual report. I think you have disclosed 
that roughly 4% of revenue is being spent on R&D. But I think at the standalone level, it seems 
to be more like 1.7%. So, I just wanted to understand the gap there. And lastly, just wanted to 
request if you could repeat the split of other segmental revenues across controllers, sensors, 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
ADAS, and so on. And also the split of the castings business between alloy wheels and other 
castings. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Okay. Good evening again. So, starting from bottom, split of others. I think I did give both others 
and castings. So, maybe you can take it offline. Disclosure in annual report, as you mentioned, 
standalone is 1.7%. I think this can also be taken offline. In terms of casting business, we remain 
very, very optimistic, Chandru, as you know, that we have currently significant investments 
going on in both two-wheeler alloy wheel business and also four-wheeler alloy wheel business. 
And both the expansions are obviously linked to some customer intents or POs in hand. As you 
know, we don't normally commit any CAPEX unless we have a PO in hand. So, from that 
perspective, we are quite optimistic. I think only challenge or the part which we are not able to 
comment on is that the application ratio. So, while the application ratio has improved 
significantly over the past few years, currently if you see, it is a little more stabilizing at the 
current levels of around 43%-44%, which as we have been talking globally, it is more than 2x 
of this. So, obviously, India will also have this run-up. But it's very difficult to say when this 
run-up, which quarter this will happen. So, we have to be ready to catch that upside. That's 
number one. And number two, in the past, we have actually been doing small, small expansions, 
like sequentially, one finished and the other started. And there has been a consistent feedback 
that we should look at larger platforms. So, that's why, if you see Kharkhoda, while we have 
eventually sort of dropped capacity multi folds, first phase we had only 60k and then gradually 
it can be taken on in a multiple of 60k, which are there to do smaller 30k multiples. So, from 
that perspective, we are quite optimistic on the application ratio. While you mentioned SUV 
sales is maybe taking a low growth or whatever number you said, you said about June 25. But 
this is, I think, just an aberration, we believe because application ratio, when you speak about it, 
is not necessarily only SUV. It goes through the Sedan or the compact cars or the luxury cars 
everywhere. So, application ratio is not something which we keep closely track of. And it's not 
actually necessarily have only alloy wheels. They also have steel wheels. So, from that 
perspective, we need to keep track of application ratio, how it pans out and how we can catch 
the opportunity. And same in terms of 2-wheeler alloy wheels also, recently in this last quarter, 
the application ratio has moved a little bit towards steel wheels, which as we hear from our 
customers, they do expect to move back to the alloy wheels in the coming quarters. So, from that 
perspective, we are quite optimistic. And as we move forward, and if we have to reach global 
levels of application ratio, I think there is a huge upside from where we are today. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
All right. That's helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yes, sir. Thank you and good evening. My first question is on the new plant that you are looking 
to set up for EV castings with Rs. 210 crores of investment there. So, could you give some more 
sense? Would this focus on both two-wheelers and four-wheelers? And also, what kind of order 
book we might have in hand and what kind of peak asset turns we can do on this kind of an 
investment on these castings? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Right. That's number one. Any other questions, Mukesh? 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Secondly, it's on the acquisition of stake of Buehler, the JV that you have with Buehler. So, now 
that we have done FRIWO, we are also doing this. So, I just wanted to understand the thought 
process there. Both the JVs that we had focusing on two-wheeler and three-wheeler EV 
components, we have acquired or we are looking to acquire the stake there of the JV partner. So, 
just trying to understand the thought process there as to, is there a change in approach from the 
management side based on what your OEM customers are now doing with respect to in-housing 
or outsourcing? So, some more sense there would help. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Right. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So, these are the two questions. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Great, great. So, good evening, Mukesh again. So, new plant for EV casting, as we said, this is 
primarily a backward integration for our upcoming EV plant in Sambhajinagar at Khed for EV 
four-wheeler. And this casting, as you would have seen, they are very different castings than the 
normal castings which we do for like engine cover, or pillion rider cover, or lever. They are very 
simple things. This is a very, very complex 2,500 ton casting. So, this plant is in first phase 
directly sort of dedicated towards the EV four-wheel casting. So, if you see the big drivetrain 
under the hood, it comes with a complete aluminum casing. So, this is about the aluminum 
casing. Obviously, we do have flexibility to, once we set up, flexibility to sort of see if we can 
get any other components, but that's the first phase. And in terms of asset turn, since it's a high 
CAPEX business, the asset turn definitely is going to be lower. It's actually less than one in terms 
of the expected asset turn. And acquisition of stake of Buehler and FRIWO, I think they are two 
different things. So, FRIWO, what we have got is entire, not only the stake, but also the 
technology piece of it. So, we've got all the hardware, software, all the people, entire setup in 
Germany and Vietnam. So, from technology perspective, it's completely now on Uno Minda. 
There is no dependence on any third party. But Buehler, this is a little different because our JV 
partner here was obviously, this business was wanting some capital. And JV partner was having 
cash crunch even in Germany. And they were very keen to run the partnership. But because of 
lack of capital, the board said, why not we sort of take over the company and then convert JV 
into a TLA. So, unlike FRIWO, where there is no TLA, technology is fully ours. Here we will 
continue to have a TLA with Buehler. So, otherwise, there is no change in approach. As you 
have said, we are fully committed to all our partnerships. 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. Understood. Because the Buehler business, we haven't really seen a scale up there. I think 
it started about 3, 4 years back. We haven't seen much of a scale up. So, that's why the question 
there, but understood. 
Sunil Bohra: 
You are right, Mukesh. We all know this was the challenge we have faced. One of the 
exceptional cases which we have come across in terms of getting a big business, and we are 
trying to work on this. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks for that. I will get back to the queue. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thanks, Mukesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. And congrats on a good set of numbers. So, the first question is, 
clearly, it was a very good all-round performance across businesses. And Harita has also started 
contributing well in growth in the last couple of quarters. So, the first question is, if you can give 
some color in terms of what kind of business wins we are having in terms of customers, what 
kind of customers two-wheeler, CVs and geographic split, and incrementally, how should we 
think about growth in Harita? That is question number one. The second question is, you 
answered partly the FRIWO part. But, Sunil, this is just about 4 years where we are taking over 
the company. From a joint venture, it is becoming a subsidiary, a 100% subsidiary. So, is there 
a change in thought process from FRIWO side? Or is there a conflict of interest with other JVs 
like Inovance? And incrementally, what about the technology sharing that we would have got 
from FRIWO? How should we think about it? You mentioned that you are procuring the current 
assets, but throw some light on that. And the final question is on our margins. While we have 
seen consistently our topline growth has been quite healthy in the last couple of years, but 
somehow we are not getting the full benefits of operating leverage. Now, as a lot of the growth 
is expected to come from new ventures, like the other segment which has new products, how 
should we think about margin trajectory? Keeping into mind the change in product mix and the 
benefits of operating leverage. That's it from my side. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thanks, Aditya. So, let me go one by one on all the questions. So, first is what kind of business 
is in Seating? So, as we have said in the previous quarters also, in Seating, there has been a 
significant success in terms of getting the suspended seat business both in India and also exports. 
And also, we have been able to get into one of the incumbent two-wheeler OEM with a 
significant share of volume. And both of them have started playing part. And as we move 
forward, these are also still in the ramp-up phase. So, we are very, very optimistic in terms of 
the seating business. Like we said, we will double this business in five years. We are almost 
there. And let's see if we can replicate that in another five. So, we are very, very aggressively 
working on this seating business. And in terms of FRIWO, yes, you are right. There is a change 
in FRIWO side because FRIWO, if you go through their complete, what you call, website and 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
announcement, they are also listed entity. They have actually been exiting businesses in last 
couple of years because of their own internal issues. It's run by a poor set of promoters, etc. So, 
they have their own compulsions and they have been sort of exiting the businesses. And we saw 
opportunity there because here it was not only the equity stake, but we got the entire technology 
part also. So, in terms of the motor controller software, which is the key here, in terms of all the 
technical know-how, in terms of all the people and the entire setup, which is there in Germany 
and in Vietnam, we sort of took control of everything. So, nothing is now left with FRIWO. And 
yes, you are right. This has happened in 4 years, but we actually saw it more as an opportunity 
than anything else. Coming to margin, yes, you are right. And we have been persistent. I think 
last year also we spoke about next 2 to 3 years is where we are in a super growth phase. We have 
like 13, 14 projects ongoing. And a lot of these costs, nowadays, actually, if not capitalized, they 
are all charged up to revenue. And all these projects, as and when they come into operations, 
they don't generate revenues or profitability. So, even if they generate some revenue, it takes 
roughly a couple of years to turn to profitability. And our target normally, as we know, is third 
full year of production to achieve the target milestones. So, they are initially a drag. And despite 
so much of investments ongoing, we are able to maintain our margins or our guidance margin. 
But as you move forward, if you split this into two, you see the businesses which are stable 
versus businesses which are either at the incumbency stage or in the ramp up phase, you'll see 
that difference. So, the earnings are actually growing. But because of this, it's actually been 
pulling down. So, in maybe short to medium term, maybe a couple of years, we do expect these 
things to stabilize. And you will see some, hopefully, the margin expansion as well. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, that's quite helpful. Thank you. All the best. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thanks, Aditya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, a couple of questions, first on this camera module 
localization. So, can you just throw some more color in this? How much are we actually 
investing? And in terms of ramp up, will this be visible in the revenue? Because we probably 
are already importing this. So, the benefits may be more from a margin perspective only. So, 
some thoughts there. How much? What are we doing there? Second, on the lighting segment. 
So, like you have also talked about a lot of tailwinds in terms of premiumization and new orders. 
And we have opened a new plant also. So, how should we think about the ramp up here? How 
is the order book? Can we expect the growth of 13% which we have done in the current quarter 
to accelerate further given these tailwinds? And if you have the four-wheeler, two-wheeler mix 
of lighting, that will also be helpful. And sir clarification on this trial period incentive. What was 
this exactly? Why did we get it now? These are some of the questions there. 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. Thanks, Siddhartha. So, going in the same sequence as you have asked some questions. So, 
camera module localization, as we said, which we just started. This is an in-house camera 
development at our R&D center. And this is just the start-up. So, as of now, it's both import also 
and local manufacturing also. And as I said, in the next couple of quarters, we will see a complete 
ramp up. Overall, you will not see a significant delta in terms of topline because it's basically 
localization. So, imports will be substituted to your own manufacturing. But there will be a less 
trading as we move forward. And moving to the next, which is lighting segment, new plant, 
ramp up. Can we expect 13% growth if I have? You said 13 or 30? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
13 sir. So, this quarter growth was, I think, 13%. So, can we expect acceleration there? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So, definitely, we are quite optimistic and we are actually planning for a significant growth. 
But as you always know that the growth is dependent on the industry volumes. So, if industry 
volumes and that too the model we supply, if they grow definitely, we will continue to grow. 
But to ask to straight to your question, 13% growth possible or not, I am sorry. I will dishearten 
you in commenting on the numbers per se. But I can assure you, we will definitely outgrow the 
industry growth and continue to do so in this segment. In terms of two-wheeler and four-wheeler 
mix for the quarter, roughly, our Indian, so, overall, the sales was around Rs. 1,013 crores for 
the quarter. And Ankur, do you have two-wheeler and four-wheeler split? 
Ankur Modi: 
Yes, sir, we have. So, domestic four-wheeler market did somewhere around Rs. 450 crores of 
revenue, whereas domestic two-wheeler did somewhere around Rs. 390 crores of revenue. 
Sunil Bohra: 
And in terms of incentives, Siddhartha, you know that wherever we are putting these expansions 
based on these ideas and so on. So, there are certain government incentives which were entitled 
to and which helps you sort of remain competitive initially because the incentives are also for a 
very limited period. So, we have been able to get certain approvals within this quarter which 
were sort of pending. And that's why that income of around Rs. 68-69 crores has been booked 
during the quarter, which was relating to period prior to 31st of March. And we thought it's 
important to sort of highlight because it's not for the current quarter. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So, this is part of the plant incentive and not the PLI. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, you are right. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. And, sir, lastly, on this project expansion which you have put out in the PPT, I think there 
are some segments like Buehler motor and EV systems which probably are for the prior periods 
and not for this period. 
Sunil Bohra: 
No, it was put up because earlier when we said, if you see, it says to be spent over 5 years and 6 
years. So, earlier only Phase-1 was commenced, and we have still not invested full money. Like 
UMBM, instead of 110 crores, the investment today is only Rs. 20-25 crores. And same for EV 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
system we were looking at 150 or something like that. So, it is not fully done. Yes, Phase-1 is 
commenced. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Because, sir, start of production also looks like it's FY'24, it is mentioned. So, I thought it 
was probably something in the past. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, SOP is done, but the CAPEX has not fully been spent. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And lastly, sir, on this EVSE segment, how much was the contribution 
in the current quarter and how do you see the ramp-up for this segment? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So, as I said, as of now, it's very, very small volume because it's primarily going into the 
dealerships and the setup there. The SOP is roughly around 3-4 months due, which is linked to 
the OE launch of vehicle. So, maybe that time is a better place to give you some numbers. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood, sir. Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. I will contact you again. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thanks, Siddhartha. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yes. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity and congrats on continuing the robust performance. So, 
first on the order books, sir, any update for the EV PowerTrain Inovance JV and the sunroof JV? 
And on the camera module, sir, do you see more opportunity outside the regulation part? Like, 
there are also CV regulations coming with ADAS in truck and buses. So, do you see that kind 
of opportunity also going ahead? This is the first question, sir. And the second is on the, we've 
seen a very strong growth in aftermarket this quarter. Any specific to call out, sir? And the third 
question is, sir, just on the Clarton Horn, sir, it's a loss making as on last year. Just wanted to 
understand over the medium term, what's the plan there for that business? And lastly, sir, 
CAPEX guidance for the next year, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thank you, Mumuksh. I think a lot of questions. Let me try and go one by one. I hope I don't 
miss anything. So, first question was the order book for the Inovance JV, EV products and 
sunroof. So, as you know, we have said in the last call also that we don't start a project unless 
we have an order in hand. So, for EV, we do have a PO in hand. We can't comment on the value 
because value again is linked to the quantum and the number of vehicles being made by the 
customer. And sunroof also, I said last time that we have started with one order and we already 
got the second model order, which is the same carryover model to another vehicle. In terms of 
camera module and localization and ADAS etc., yes, the camera module, what we are 
manufacturing is actually part of ADAS business, which is currently going into the reverse 
parking systems, etc. And the same camera shall be used for the sound view, 360-degree view, 
etc., etc. Aftermarket is strong growth. Yes, we have been aggressively working on our 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
aftermarket strategy in terms of branding. You know, a couple of years back, we have initiated 
a complete branding initiative and exercise across various regions and onboarded experts in 
terms of branding. That has started reaching some sort of positive impact. Clarton Horn, the 
medium-term plan, definitely, as I said, our first objective is how do we consistently bring down 
the costs and make the business viable at the volumes currently we are today. So, at peak, if you 
remember, Clarton Horn used to do 21-22 million horns, whereas today we are at somewhere 
around 15-16 million horns. So, there is a significant drop in volumes there and we are trying to 
re-engineer the business so that it does not lose money at its current volumes. CAPEX guidance, 
as we said in the last call, which is roughly around 350 crores to 400 crores of sustaining CAPEX 
and around 1,300 crores of growth CAPEX. Ankur, I hope my numbers are right. 
Ankur Modi: 
Yes. This is correct. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Just one more, sir. On the airbags, sir, because now recently Maruti has launched a 
lot of models with the airbags. I just want to understand how do you see the  growth there, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
How is the growth? Which growth? Airbag growth? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
The airbag business, sir. Recently, Maruti has come up with a lot of updates on the airbags for 
most of the models. 
Sunil Bohra: 
No, so airbag is a business which has, I think, already taken up a significant jump in the last few 
quarters. If you remember two years back, there was likely to be a mandatory six airbags which 
was later withdrawn and it was linked to the Bharat NCAP ratings. And today, as we speak, the 
majority of the models do have four airbags. So from that perspective, the airbag business has 
actually seen a significant growth in the past few quarters and we have also put in a new plant, 
if you remember, in Neemrana. So that also is doing pretty well. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. I mean, any broader numbers, sir? What kind of growth will be there, sir, in the airbags, 
sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
You are looking for revenues of airbag business? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yes, revenues. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Maybe that we can take it offline if you don't mind. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sure, sir. And if we can take the last question, sir, on the sensors, I am sorry, on the rare earth 
parts, sir. Any impact on the sensor business because of that, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, that's what I said in my commentary that while we do not have any sort of rare earth magnets 
in a big way, it's only sensor business where we use some of these magnets. And so far, we have 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
been able to manage our business through sourcing of these magnets from various parts of the 
world. And we have ensured that our customer lines are not impacted. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks, sir. A couple of questions. Just to reiterate the last question, you said Rs. 350 to Rs. 400 
crore of maintenance CAPEX and growth CAPEX amount, I couldn't hear properly, sir. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, around 1350. Yes, you are right. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, combined, it should be Rs. 1600- Rs. 1700 crore for FY'26. 
Sunil Bohra: 
That's right. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And second thing, if you can slightly explain on that incentive part which you said this incentive 
is for fiscal '25 or accounted for March quarter which came into the P&L this quarter. So, this 
Rs. 69 crore is for the whole FY'25 and would be sort of recurring in … 
Sunil Bohra: 
Let me clarify. I didn't say for FY'25. I said it is for the period prior to 31st March '25 which is 
not only one year. It's actually longer period. So, what happens, Basudebji, is that whatever state 
incentives you are eligible for putting a plant, normally you get a final eligibility certificate 
which ensures or confirms that now the incentives will get disbursed. So, for one of the business, 
this was long pending. And we have finally got in this quarter and that's how this income has 
been recognized in the current quarter which does not relate to the current quarter and that's why 
we highlighted it. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And because so many new projects are also coming and many states give local incentives, so 
any such incentive on a recurring basis for next few years or this is complete one-off and nothing 
like that will recur back? 
Sunil Bohra: 
No, no. There are new projects which are coming. So, every new project will have some 
incentive. It's only that lumpiness comes in case there is a delay. And as I said, these incentives 
is what something which makes you competitive. Otherwise, at today's cost, it's very difficult to 
compete with a plant which is a depleted plant. And you know how competitive environment 
we work in. So, we do factor these incentives when we approve these projects or capex etc. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And like any specific aspect other than say seasonality for staff cost where sequentially revenue 
is flattish and staff cost up because of salary hike quarter, like your margin which was hovering 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
around 11.5 and marching towards 12, that came back to sub 11% if I remove this incentive as 
you highlighted. So, anything other than that staff cost seasonality aspect you would like to 
mention that commodity pressure or competitive pressure, pricing pressure or other expenses? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nothing which is out of normal. So, that's why we always say that our business is not a linear 
business. There is a seasonality involved and also seasonality involved in the way the business 
is being done. So, if you see last many years, 8-10 years history, you'll find Q4 margins tend to 
be on higher side and Q1 tend to be on lower side. The reason being in Q3 and Q4 you normally 
get closer with your customers on various price escalations, discussions, settlements, etc. So, 
comparing Q4 to Q1 is not something we would encourage because Q4 will have some of that 
factors playing a role which does not play in Q1. So, that's why it is important to see Q1 to Q1 
and Q4 to Q4 and Q2 to Q2. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure and last quick question like many new foreign EV makers are now planning to set up or 
expand capacity in India. So, how are you placed to supply components to them because within 
EV other than Tata Mahindra, most of them are foreign makers, maybe the likes of MG, etc. So, 
how are you placed to take demand from those OEMs? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So, difficult to comment Basudeb, right now in terms of how the new players will work on in 
terms of their models because initially whoever sets up a base in the country who already has 
operations globally tend to sort of bring their existing capability and start with that because on a 
small volume it is not possible even for them to localize everything and these things take time 
to localize and sort of create some meaningful base. In terms of new suppliers like you took 
some names, definitely we are in touch with those customers but little premature to talk because 
even from their side, the plant is yet to come up which is still maybe like 2-3 years away. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure sir, thanks, all the best. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from Alfaccurate. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thanks for opportunity sir. Sir, as EV penetration is increasing in passenger vehicle, how much 
benefit do you see in terms of the content per vehicle? If you can explain it to difference in the 
content per vehicle in Grand Vitara versus e-Vitara? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Abhishek, I can't talk about model to model in Grand Vitara and e-Vitara. We don't talk about 
customers and their models. What I can share is that if you see our presentation for last quarter, 
we have given separate fit value for separate segments. You see A segment, B segment, C 
segment, D segment. What is our potential fit value? If we have to supply all our products and 
these are primarily products which are agnostic to EV. On top of it, the EV fit value, what plant 
we are setting up in Khed, that itself will be around 1 lakh plus kind of a number per vehicle. 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--

 
Uno Minda Limited 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
And in other product segments, we have seen a very strong growth. So how is the outlook for 
the growth in the controller, sensor and EVSE? And what is your plan for the E-Axle? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So E-Axle, Abhishekji, I just spoke about which is the new plant which we are setting up in 
Khed for which the SOP is expected to be middle of next fiscal year. And in terms of controllers 
and sensor, we have been working very, very intensively. You see, a lot of our new products are 
in controllers and I already shared some of the information. In case you have any questions on 
that, you can please ask. In terms of sensors, we are consistently being increasing our application 
based on also the quantity or the quality or even the type of sensors which we have been working 
on. So sensor business, it was maybe a Rs. 100 crore business. Only sensor and controller was 
Rs. 100 crore business sort of what you call 5 years back. Today itself, it's more than Rs. 250 to 
Rs. 275 crore business for a quarter. So from Rs. 100 crore run rate, it is already a Rs. 1,000 
crore run rate. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, sir. That's all from my end. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Sunil sir for closing comments. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thanks, Palak. So at the end, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have 
been able to respond to most of your queries adequately. For any further information, we request 
you to please do get in touch with us directly. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Uno Minda Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
PlOt•J1 MINDA I 
----Ci=IIVING THE NEVV--
