KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
 Registered Office : 702, NATRAJ, M. V. Road Junction, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 069. 
Tel.: +91 22 6676 6888  |  CIN : L45200MH1995PLC094208 |  Website: www.rustomjee.com 
Date: August 12, 2025 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Script Code: 543669 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
Script Code: RUSTOMJEE 
Sub: Q1 FY26 - Earnings call Transcript 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
We are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of the Company’s earnings conference 
call which was held on August 5, 2025 with respect to unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.rustomjee.com/about-us/financial-statements/?year=2025-2026. 
This is for the information of your members, and all concerned. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully,   
For Keystone Realtors Limited 
Bimal K Nanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS – 11578  
Encl.: As above 
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed by 
BIMAL KISHORE NANDA 
Date: 2025.08.12 
12:18:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Keystone Realtors Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BOMAN IRANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. CHANDRESH MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. PERCY CHOWDHRY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJAL GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRITESH SHETH – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Keystone Realtors Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thank you, Shruti, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to the call. Firstly, congratulations to 
Keystone Realtors' team for a strong quarter across parameters. As usual, we have with us the 
management of Keystone Realtors represented by Mr. Boman Irani, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Chandresh Mehta, the Executive Director; Mr. Percy Chowdhry, Executive 
Director; and Mr. Sajal Gupta, the Group CFO. 
 
I'll hand over the call to the management for their initial comments, and then we can open the 
floor for questions and answers. So over to you, Boman sir. 
Boman R. Irani: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
I'm Boman Irani, Chairman and Managing Director of Keystone Realtors Limited, and I extend 
my heartfelt gratitude to all of you for joining us today. 
 
I'm pleased to report a strong start to FY '26, marked by 3 significant first-time milestones. This 
quarter has been our highest ever quarterly presales of INR 1,068 crores. Two, this has also been 
our highest quarter where we've had the highest quarterly launches worth INR 3,967 crores. Our 
presales, which is at INR 1,068 crores, is a 75% growth on the same quarter last year and 
collections of INR 575 crores is a 19% growth on the same -- as per the same quarter last year. 
 
The third milestone that we have is the launch of three projects during the quarter with a GDV 
of totally INR 3,967 crores, twice the launch value recorded in the same period last year. So the 
momentum is clear reflection of the strength of our product portfolio and the resilience of our 
overall strategy. 
 
In line with our proactive approach to business development, we added three projects in Q1 with 
a combined GDV of INR 7,727 crores. This exceeds the entire guidance of FY '26 for business 
development by more than 1.25x, reinforcing the success of our asset-light, capital-efficient 
model with a sharp focus on redevelopment within MMR. 
 
As one of the most trusted names in this space, Rustomjee is uniquely positioned to unlock long-
term value in a fast-evolving market. And with a healthy balance sheet, a very strong 
capitalization, we remain well equipped to pursue emerging opportunities and create sustainable 
value for our stakeholders. We are confident of carrying forward this momentum and delivering 
a fantastic year ahead, which is going to be strong and filled with consistent growth. 
 
Our presales are tracking in line with our expectations, positioning us for the next phase of our 
revenue growth. The sharp rise in demand reflects both our strategic direction and growing trust 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
that the customers have placed in our developments. As we move forward, our goal is clear, to 
continue delivering exceptional value to our customers, upholding the strength of our brand, and 
leading the business with both passion and purpose. 
 
Further, consistent growth in collections is a clear indicator of strong customer confidence in 
our brand as well as the quality of our project delivery and customer engagement practice. A 
key strategic focus area continues to be accelerating the pace of construction, not only to uphold 
and exceed our delivery commitments and enhance customer satisfaction, but also to optimize 
our collection cycle. 
 
With faster progress on construction milestones, we are witnessing a direct positive impact on 
cash flows. Our construction spends have also increased from INR 191 crores in Q1 FY '25 to 
INR 238 crores in Q1 FY '26. This is a 25% year-on-year growth. This achievement is 
particularly significant given the strict constraints that developers normally in MMR face with 
regards to working hour regulations, noise regulations, logistic challenges in certain localities, 
and limited machinery movement in those areas. We are building our ability to overcome 
complex on-ground challenges and drive new standards in speed, quality, and efficiency in the 
real estate landscape. 
 
As mentioned, we have launched three projects with a total estimated GDV of INR 3,967 crores 
in Q1 FY '26. This is twice the value of launches done in the same period last year. This further 
strengthens our future revenue visibility. It is worth noting that we have already achieved 57% 
of our full year FY '26 launch guidance setting, a solid foundation for achieving our targets. We 
are particularly encouraged by the strong pipeline of upcoming launches. 
 
We made significant strides in the BD, Business Development, in Q1 FY '26. We've added 3 
strategic redevelopment projects with a cumulative GDV of INR 7,727 crores. Like I said before, 
we have already surpassed our full year guidance for FY '26 business development by 1.25x in 
one quarter alone. 
 
This is an exceptional achievement and underscores the strength of our sourcing capabilities and 
our strategic focus. These additions are fully aligned with our commitment to consolidating our 
leaderships in the redevelopment segment across the MMR region, further reinforcing our long-
term growth strategy. 
 
With these developments, we have strategically entered the micro markets of Sion and 
Lokhandwala. The redevelopment initiative in GTB Nagar, Sion, represents one of Mumbai's 
most significant urban transformation projects. Undertaken in collaboration with MHADA, the 
project is set to benefit over 1,400 families and 200 shops and establishments in the area. 
 
With regards to this endeavor, as more than a redevelopment effort, actually, it is a commitment 
to restoring trust and rebuilding communities, further improving the quality of life of residents. 
All our company projects are rigorously vetted using very set criteria by our investment 
committee, ensuring disciplined underwriting and healthy margins. We focus a lot on the bottom 
line, while we are very, very clear that top line growth is also important. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Since FY '23, we have added 25 projects with an estimated GDV of INR 25,490 crores. Of these 
21 are redevelopment projects, of which 19 cater to Mid/Mass and Aspirational category alone. 
This aligns perfectly with our strategic focus, capturing value through urban consolidation, while 
maintaining volume through high demand and mid-segment offerings. 
 
In addition, I'd like to highlight our enhanced focus on cluster redevelopment. This is more 
intricate and high impact model that involves aggregating and securing consents from multiple 
societies to enable integrated development across larger urban spaces. This also allows us to be 
able to create better developments going forward with a lot more amenities being offered to 
existing members as well as incoming purchases. This also unlocks greater value through scale 
and efficiency and, like I said, enhances the overall livability and infrastructure for the residents. 
 
We have recently achieved significant progress in this segment with acquisition of multiple 
large-scale clusters, including the Lokhandwala Cluster, the GTB Nagar, the Dindoshi Cluster 
in Malad East and then Malad West Cluster that we have gotten done. This positions us uniquely 
as Mumbai's probably largest redevelopment company. 
 
These strategic additions highlight our ongoing commitment to growth and leadership. I'm 
confident in our ability to consistently take on and successfully deliver newer developments. 
 
With a strong and diversified portfolio across MMR, including having various price brackets 
from value housing to luxury, our strategy ensures resilience and growth across market cycles. 
The redevelopment opportunity in Mumbai continues to be significant, and we are a trusted 
leader in this space. 
 
We are ideally positioned to capitalize on this momentum, and we are backed by a very strong 
balance sheet, cash reserves, and we are well positioned to fully capitalize on these opportunities. 
During Q1 FY '26, we generated an OCF, operating cash flow, of INR 118 crores. 
 
Moving to our consolidated financial performance. We reported a revenue from operations of 
INR 273 crores for Q1 FY '26. Our liquidity, our gross debt stands at approximately INR 304 
crores and with a gross debt-to-equity ratio of 0.11:1 as of 30th June, 2025. This is very well 
within our guidance. Our total free cash at the end of Q1 FY '26 is INR 714 crores, making for 
a very strong liquidity position. Our net debt for the same period is zero. 
 
We are also pleased to share that ICRA has upgraded our credit rating from ICRA -- from A to 
ICRA A+ with a stable outlook. This reflects our robust financial profile, strong project pipeline, 
and disciplined capital allocation strategy. 
 
I'm proud to share our progress on the ESG initiatives as well. Our Belle Vue, Rustomjee Belle 
Vue Project in Kasara is now registered as our first carbon net zero project with IGBC. Our 
focus has been on designing and executing net zero carbon initiatives for the two club houses at 
Belle Vue Kasara -- Rustomjee Belle Vue, Kasara. 
 
We are advancing several key actions, including initiating a sequestration study to assess carbon 
credits from our forest area development. We are mapping the existing water bodies and 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
planning newer ones for rainwater harvesting and thereby achieving net zero water, and we are 
processing an LOI for renewable solar energy for all the amenities of the development. 
 
We are exploring natural wastewater treatment methods that eliminate the need for traditional 
STPs in our clubhouses. Additionally, the design submission and approval process with the 
IGBC is well underway. 
 
On the sustainability front, we've made good progress on our Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report, BRSR. The data for all applicable principles have been uploaded by our 
stakeholders with supporting evidence and the Principle 6 audits are complete across all ongoing 
projects. Our first sustainability report aligned with the Global Reporting Initiative framework 
is currently in progress. 
 
Further, we've strengthened our ESG compliance by conducting ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 
awareness sessions and advancing their documentation. We formalized a Green Procurement 
Policy and shared our Supplier Code of Conduct with 20 key material vendors, receiving full 
acknowledgment as we prepare for FY '27 BRSR compliance. Our Q1 FY '26 performance 
reflects a strong execution, a robust growth, and continued market leadership. 
 
To summarize, Q1 FY '26 has been a quarter of record achievements and strategic wins, strong 
sales, great momentum, disciplined collections, landmark launches, proactive business 
development. Now we are on a solid path to deliver on the potentially great market and exceed 
our FY '26 goals. We remain committed to exceeding our guidance and delivering long-term 
value to our stakeholders. The favorable market conditions and our strategic strengths position 
us for the next wave of expansion. 
 
Like we say at Rustomjee, we're not just building homes, we are shaping, thriving future-ready 
communities. Thank you for your trust and support and the continued partnership. We look 
forward to your questions now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global. 
Harsh Pathak: 
First of all, congratulations for the strong set of numbers reported during the quarter and the 
strong business development activity. So my first question is on the presales guidance. Are we 
revising our presales guidance upwards? And what kind of growth can we expect in the next 
year since we have done a commendable progress on the new BD, especially in the last 1 year? 
And I guess the projects added in FY '25 and Q1 will have to be launched in the next 1 to 1.5 
years. So any revision in our guidance? 
Boman R. Irani: 
Harsh, thank you for your question, and thank you for the compliments as well. I think we are 
super excited about the three first-times that have taken place in Q1. Like I mentioned, INR 
1,068 crores of presales, close to around INR 3,967 crores of launches, project launches, and 
most importantly, crossing our entire guidance for BD by 1.25x for the year. 
 
Look, quite honestly, the INR 1,068 crores of presales, which has happened in the first quarter, 
which is almost 25% or crossing 25% of the entire target is a huge first in a lot of other ways 
also because quarter 1 usually has the slowest sales. If you see any of the years for most of the 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
developers, quarter 1s are always the slowest, whereas the quarters with all the festivals, which 
is now Ganpati and then going into Diwali, I mean, Dussehra, Diwali, and the basic holiday 
season holds great promise. And always the last quarter is where there's a lot of good initiatives 
from developers, leading to great buying. 
 
Having said that, I'm very happy not to exceed my guidance as of right now. I will continue to 
perform. And when we give our quarter 2 results, at that point of time, your question may be a 
little more relevant because we would first like to thrill our investors with what we achieved in 
the first 2 quarters before making, let's say, a new guidance statement. 
 
So as of right now, we maintain our guidance at INR 4,000 crores, but I assure you we will thrill 
all our investors like we do with our customers. 
Harsh Pathak: 
That's encouraging to hear. And so since you have already done a very strong BD in the first 
quarter itself, so how to look at the new business development for the rest of the year in the 
redevelopment space or maybe any outright basis? And what is the overall capital deployment 
that we target in the current year? 
Boman R. Irani: 
So Harsh, again, a very good question. This bumper that we have achieved with INR 7,700 
crores of BD that we have done is also something that we have to put on the rails and get towards 
development. Most importantly, what I'd like to state out here is BD, especially on the 
redevelopment front, is not like a one-off thing. It's a continuous process. While we've entered 
two new markets, Sion and Lokhandwala, where we see great promise. 
 
One of the projects that we've acquired in this quarter is also part of a larger cluster of Dindoshi, 
where, again, there is a tremendous future promise because all these projects, except 
Lokhandwala, most of them fit the Mid/Mass and Aspirational category where the sales are 
probably the highest in terms of volume. 
 
Lokhandwala is going to be extremely interesting with the success that we've seen at Versova 
and the kind of development that we can do over 20,000-plus meters of land. It allows us to 
create the same magic we created with Elements and maybe even more because a high rising or 
the high rises will be better. And we will be able to create more meaningful layouts for people 
to live and thrive in. 
 
So having said that, your question was deployment. Look, we have a free cash availability of 
INR 700-plus crores. We always have extremely very strong financial partners who are able to 
back us sometimes with equity, but the debt market definitely is extremely strong. We've reduced 
the cost of our borrowings as well. And as we move along, I believe we will create more and 
more momentum for sales, allowing for more and more free cash flow to take place. 
 
And as of right now, like I mentioned in my entire starting introduction to this quarter, we are 
extremely focused on bottom line. While we believe top line is critical and important for the 
markets, but the bottom line is most important for our shareholders. And as such, if you ask me 
what my deployment of cash this year would be, I think it will be about INR 800-odd crores 
going forward. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Harsh Pathak: 
So on your point of profitability that you just mentioned, so given this increased competitive 
intensity in the redevelopment space, do we maintain the same level of embedded EBITDA 
margins at the project level? Or have you seen some shrinkage? Or maybe our strategy of cluster 
development enables to have better margins even with the increased competitive intensity. So 
how are we placed on the margins front? 
Boman R. Irani: 
Harsh, if you remember, in the last earnings call, we had actually mentioned that we are at an 
inflection point, and we are more or less proving it as of right now. Look, redevelopment is, like 
I tell people all the time, it is somewhere where not only intelligence, wisdom, money, but a 
very strong experience counts, right? And this is something where we proved our metal by 
housing more than or completing and rehousing more than 2,000 families, right? 
 
And again, I must say this is a little distinguished from even some redevelopment where I would 
like to think that it operates on a totally different scale where people are generally happier 
because there are set guidelines in terms of the additional area that one can get, etcetera. So the 
movable points are too few. Whereas in a redevelopment, there are plenty. 
 
So it takes a great set of overall understanding and experience to get into this field. Of course, 
the very fact that so many developers are getting into the redevelopment space only kind of is a 
validation to our initial foray into this when I remember that I had to make a 2-hour presentation 
to SBI just to get funding for a redevelopment project. And today to see so many developers get 
into this space… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Hello, sorry to interrupt. The management line is having static. 
Harsh Pathak: 
No. Sir, actually, your commentary got interrupted in between. But no worry, sir, I'll understand 
that maybe one-on-one. But -- so one -- another question I had was, which is the last one from 
my side. Any major projects getting completed in the current year, which can add to the top line? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So Harsh, in the last quarter, towards the end of the last quarter or maybe early start of this 
quarter, we completed -- we've got the part OCs of the Paramount. The full OC is expected 
during the course of this financial year only. 
 
Apart from that, we are expecting a completion of the Crown-C Tower that is expected towards 
the late quarter 3, early quarter 4, which will also give us an opportunity to account for a 
significant revenue. Apart from that, we have a couple of small projects, which should also help 
in terms of boosting the revenue recognition during the year. 
Harsh Pathak: 
And sir, I'll understand the response on margins better offline. 
Boman R. Irani: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital Limited. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So first question is on our BD strategy where we have seen a large difference in terms of projects 
we used to acquire earlier, the size of the projects we used to acquire earlier versus now clear 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
focus on cluster redevelopment. Is it a strategic change? Or is it more to do with the opportunities 
that are available in the market and get ready to grab it? So your thoughts on that? 
 
And second, on a follow-up to that, how does that change our execution strategy since we are 
taking these large projects, what all we now have to be ready about while executing these large-
sized projects? And any change in terms of time lines versus the usual society redevelopment to 
now these cluster redevelopment? 
Boman R. Irani: 
Yes. Thanks for that, Pritesh. A. we should tell you that we are developers that have been doing 
township developments. You're aware of 217 acres of development in Virar, where we did 
everything from building the roads to the entire infrastructure to the water supply to the power 
supply to actually building the buildings, creating the lifestyle and our Thane project is 127 acres 
plus. So A. let me put it this way, there is nothing that we have to learn on this account for the 
larger developments. 
 
We've also done Elements, which is 20,000-plus meters, Seasons, which is 15,000-plus meters, 
Paramount, which is again 3-plus acres. So we've done these kind of developments in the past. 
Crown itself is a 4-plus acre development. So we've done these developments. 
 
Two, we are also, as a company, never under pressure to acquire newer projects, right? So we 
have the ability to pick and choose the kind of projects that we want. So difficult projects are 
only those where you do not have the customer or the existing members buy in. And largely, 
we've seen that when we get selected, it's by a 90% member vote itself. 
 
So all these larger developments, including what we've taken up at GTB Sion are because of; A. 
the location, B. because of the fact that a cluster development affords better profitability. C, it 
allows us to use our skills of doing the larger developments quicker. And you asked the question 
about in terms of the time of launches. 
 
First of all, the good news is, today, the One Shakti matter, which was stopping a lot of 
developments in Mumbai, has gotten cleared, and that will allow us to kind of move forward 
and launch more projects in the next few quarters. And these projects will also be adding 
significantly to our bottom line as well as our top line. And the time taken for a cluster is 
primarily more when we are working on the cluster. 
 
So let's put it this way, before the DA is signed. Once the DA is signed, more or less, it follows 
the same trajectory of about 13 to 15 months and before when it gets launched. And that's 
because all the hard work has largely been done before the DA gets signed. So we've got a full 
grip on everything that needs to be built in that area. The entire market research is set. Our design 
teams have already done largely what kind of layouts will be created. The customer base is 
identified. 
 
So we've worked out the larger part of the piece before the DA gets signed. After the DA gets 
signed, there's a process of putting up the plans to the committees, getting their final sign-off on 
it and then actually putting it to the authorities to be able to give the approvals. And this approval 
process, as you are aware, takes anywhere between 6 to 9 months and thereafter, RERA, etcetera. 
So that's why we position ourselves for a 13 to 14-month launch. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
Having said that, we've turned around projects in 6 months' time from the date we got selected 
as a developer. And further, I think we will also be trying to do the same with our project in 
Sion, which is the GTB Nagar because; A. it is an initiative of MHADA. It's a C&DA project, 
which means that MHADA is literally working towards making sure that these 1,400 people are 
rehabilitated plus 200-odd shop owners are rehabilitated. And towards the larger public interest, 
there will be a little more unison in the way of working and a little more push to get the project 
launched at the quickest. 
 
So internally, we are setting targets to complete this project in about 4 years, end-to-end, which 
will also help create a very healthy bottom line because as you're aware, delays are what kind of 
kills most projects in real estate. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just to follow-up again. So these 3 cluster redevelopments, Dindoshi, Malad West and GTB. 
GTB, I presume would be launched this year itself, considering how confident you are and rest 
2 next year or all 3 next year? 
Boman R. Irani: 
So good question. GTB, definitely because of the push and the support that MHADA is offering, 
would get launched in this year. It is their desire that we launch it within a quarter itself. But that 
is the speed at which we are working. But let's say, in about 6 to 8 months, the project will be 
launched. 
 
And like I said, we want to complete that project in 4 years end-to-end, and we are gearing up 
for that kind of development. And again, that being a maybe Mid/Mass to Aspirational category, 
we are also expecting quicker turnaround in terms of sales to be able to make it possibly a cash 
flow positive project. But all this is just the effort that we are putting in right now. 
 
With regards to Dindoshi, yes, the planning has largely been put in place. Now we will show it 
across to the members. And then from there on, we will take it further into the approval stages. 
Given that this project would take about 6 months for approvals and thereafter about 1.5 to 2 or 
3 months to get the rest of the paraphernalia out. It would go into the early quarters of the new 
financial year. 
 
And Lokhandwala could be a little longer, but our endeavor will be to launch it within 13 to 15 
months. And there's one more cluster, which is the Malad West or I think you left out 
Lokhandwala earlier. So the Malad West also will take that much time itself, maybe 13 to 15 
months to kind of get a launch around. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just one last -- sorry, a couple of more questions. I think I'm not sure if you mentioned the 
same issue, but this environmental clearance which has been delayed, where are we in terms of 
hearing that from the court? And by what time you think this issue will get sort out? 
Boman R. Irani: 
So the best news yesterday was that we won in England, and the best news today is that we won 
in Supreme Court. So that also I'm waiting for a third good news also to come along. They said 
two always follows the pattern where the third one also comes. So let's wait for a day. But no, 
the One Shakti matter has been resolved with the court accepting the stand of the developers and 
the government, wherein it states that the center may not be in a position to be able to assess 
hundreds of or thousands of proposals that come from across the country and the state is better 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
equipped to do it. So it's back to the state, and I think that will lead to a lot of positive growth of 
our market as well as of the buyers' hopes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Murtuza from Kotak Securities. 
Murtuza: 
Just a question. You talked about your cluster development where the government support is 
coming. We are seeing some of the other developers also progressing on slum rehab projects. Is 
there an increased element of support from the government coming in, in terms of some of these 
slum rehab projects? Is there more support from the administration that is coming in? And would 
that possibly lead to a lot of supply given the amount of land that we have in the city which is 
under slums? 
Boman R. Irani: 
Murtuza, thank you for that question. It's actually a very good question. I must just reiterate a 
little bit of history. We got into this business in the year 1996. And from there, the two things I 
remember, cyclically, the questions used to be, where is the land in Mumbai? And the second 
question used to be, wouldn't there be an oversupply if this came in? And what we've seen is 
consistently the city has managed to operate well with both. 
 
Of course, there will be periods of time when the supply may exceed, let's say, a demand of a 
particular type of apartment, but I have never seen this play out across the market. So just to give 
you an idea, MMR is one of those unique markets that is across price points, across geography, 
across types of homes, across just the need for a home in that area. 
 
And all of these demand a different set of, I would like to say, supply coming in, right? Now 
with regards to your first question, I think there are two things the government is very strongly 
working with. I think we are again facing the problem, aren't we? 
Murtuza: 
No. No, we're good. 
Boman R. Irani: 
Thank you. Great. So there are two things the government strongly stands behind. One is a slum 
free Mumbai. And towards that, definitely, the administration is happy to work to be able to 
make that happen. And the second one is definitely to see wherever redevelopment, especially 
of those buildings like the one that we had at GTB that we've tied up, leads to MHADA and, of 
course, any other governmental agency would also give the same kind of support to get that off 
the ground. 
 
Now that should come to lead to the next question that you raised, wouldn't that lead to 
oversupply? Murtuza, first thing is there is a lot of commercial demand in the city of Mumbai. 
And if you look at a large number of these developments that are getting announced, whether 
they be SRA, whether they be Dharavi, whether they be MHADA's initiative of -- well, the 
Motilal Nagar, which is also something that is so huge, is all moving towards or largely. 
 
I would like to say if about -- we are rehabilitating about 1,200 homes and 200 slum dwellers 
and 200 shops, I think but we are creating close to around 800 shops. We're creating as many 
commercial opportunities in that area as we are creating residential. And the absorption is 
extremely strong in certain categories of the homes itself. So for instance, Mid/Mass, which I 
told you is the INR 1 crore to INR 3 crore segment, sees a very strong demand. And Aspirational, 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
which is the INR 3 crores to INR 7 crores, but I would say, INR 3.5 crores to INR 5 crores 
segment, again, sees a very strong demand. 
 
I'm happy to state out here that before we tied up for GTB, we had actually carried out a deep 
study of the entire market and what kind of markets we can serve with the products out there. 
And it was quite heartwarming to see that infrastructure growth in the city of Mumbai has led to 
a great amount of demand growth in the area. And the fact that commercial development is also 
improving, it also means that there's a lot more job opportunities getting created. 
 
Other than this, Murtuza, you are aware that there are various types of residential demand getting 
created, student housing being one, single ladies accommodation being another, senior care 
being a third. And all of these are getting addressed in this upcoming supply that is coming in. 
 
I'd like to just state that larger developments, especially the clusters that we are undertaking are 
all studied for are all -- in our launches, we would have known exactly the kind of customer we 
are addressing. And towards that, we take great amount of pain to be selective about the projects 
that we do and the markets that we do it in. So GTB allows us to enter Sion, whereas the 
Lokhandwala Cluster allows us to enter Lokhandwala, which I told you is a follow-up to the 
success we've had with our Versova launch. So overall, we are pretty excited about what we are 
doing going forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital Limited. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
A couple of questions. First, I think you have mentioned in the presentation that whatever we 
launched this quarter, we have sold 8% within the quarter itself. How would you read the market 
scenario based on that response to our new launches? Because I think earlier, probably we have 
done well when we have launched projects. So just your read on that. And then I'll have one 
more question. 
Boman R. Irani: 
Thanks, Pritesh. So basically, to throw some light on our new launches, fortunately for us, all 
the projects that we launched in this last quarter were in the Premium segment. And we've seen 
that about 8% by volume, 9% by value stock has already gotten sold. And you should remember 
that we always speak about the first 6 months of sale in which we try and lock in close to around 
40%. 
 
I would not like to say 6 months, it is up to the plinth. So if it takes 6 months or 8 months or so, 
we should be able to lock in about 40% of the sales in these projects. And given that it's been a 
first quarter launch, I think we'll more than well achieve that in this financial year itself. 
 
Going forward, the project launches that are coming up will be in the Mid/Mass segment, which 
is the INR 1 croresto INR 3 crore kind of price point. And those, like I already mentioned, are 
also extremely high demand products that come out, depending on where they are coming out. 
So if they are close to, let's say, a metro station, there's always a little more or any kind of 
transport hub, they are a little more valuable. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And one last for Sajal sir. I think the gap between gross collections and net collections has 
widened for us this quarter. It's around 62% versus usually it's around 75%, 80% since last 4, 5 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
quarters. Can you just explain the reason for that, why that gap? And how should we see it going 
ahead? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes, Pritesh. The collections that you look at in our collection summary and the collection that 
you look at in our cash flows, there are actually three adjustments. Number one, that in the cash 
flows, we don't consolidate the collections at our joint venture projects and at our DM projects. 
 
For these two categories of the projects, we consolidate the actual amount of the money that we 
receive for the DM projects, the DM fee actually that we receive, we include in our cash flow 
statement. And for the JV projects, whatever the share of profits we actually get, physical cash 
in, is that what we count. The third thing that we netted off this collections is the sales and 
marketing cost. 
 
So these are the three reasons. There is no such formula as to what this percentage be depending 
on the quantum of collections in these categories, there could be a difference. But these are 
fundamentally the reasons in the cash flow, it is the collections, which is the beneficial collection 
to us, wherein the operational collections, the entire collection that we are working on. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
For this quarter, what was higher? Was it higher from the JV projects and the net of amount is a 
little lower? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. The collections from the JV projects and the DM projects was INR 208 crores. So that was 
a significant number because one of the projects at Matunga is doing extremely well both in 
terms of sales and collections and is contributing well to our collections and therefore well to 
our cash inflow in terms of DM fee as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Boman R. Irani: 
Thank you on behalf of the management at Rustomjee for joining us today. For any further 
queries, we are always available one-on-one to answer them. Thank you for your faith and trust 
in us, and we look forward to having a bumper year ahead. Good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed by 
BIMAL KISHORE 
NANDA 
Date: 2025.08.12 
12:24:39 +05'30'
