Corporate Office: 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A- Block, 
Community Centre, New Friends Colony,             
New Delhi- 110025 
Tel.: 011-66561234 
E-mail : hmvlinvestor@livehindustan.com 
Website: www.hmvl.in 
CIN : L21090BR1918PLC000013 
 
 
Tel: 0612-2223434, 2223413 
   
       12th August, 2025 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
  Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
  Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 533217 
       Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Un-Audited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2025 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Tuesday,  
05th August, 2025 in respect of the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended on 
30th June, 2025 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.hmvl.in/earnings-call-transcript-audio.html 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Nikhil Sethi) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited 
Registered Office : 
Budh Marg, Patna - 80000 I 
Nikhil 
Sethi
Digitally signed 
by Nikhil Sethi 
Date: 2025.08.12 
19:45:22 +05'30'

    August 5, 2025 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 5, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Piyush Gupta: Group CFO - HT Media Ltd. 
Ms. Anna Abraham: CFO - Hindustan Media Ventures Ltd. and 
Head, Investor Relations - HT Media Group 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation - HT 
Media Group 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from 
the HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q1 
FY2025-26 earnings webinar. As a reminder, all participant will be 
in listen-only mode. After we are through with the presentation, 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions.  
 
I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham, CFO, Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited and Head Investor Relations, HT Media Group. 
Thank you, and over to you, Anna. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of HT 
Media Group, I would like to extend a warm welcome to our 
earnings webinar for the first quarter of FY2025-26. Joining me on 
today's call are Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group CFO, Mr. Pervez Bajan, 
Head Financial Controllership and Taxation and members of the 
Investor Relations team. 
 
We hope you've had an opportunity to review the financial results 
of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited, which were announced 
yesterday as well as those of HT Media Limited released earlier 
this afternoon. Please note that our discussion today will follow 
the presentation slides. This presentation, along with the financial 
statements, are available on the stock exchanges and in the 
Investor Relations section of our respective websites. 
 
Coming on to slide 2. As per our usual practice, we would not be 
providing any specific guidance on revenue or earnings 
projections. So kindly, keep in mind the disclaimer that is on the 
slide regarding forward-looking statements. 
 
This next slide features comments from our Chairperson on the 
Company's performance on the concluded fiscal quarter and I 
quote.  
“The first quarter of the current financial year has begun on a 
strong note, with both operating revenue and profitability showing 
growth as compared to the previous year. 
 The Print business has seen strong growth in advertising revenue, 
reflecting our leading market presence and the continued 
relevance of Print as an effective medium. Our targeted efforts to 
grow circulation have delivered steady, sequential gains, further 
enhancing our reach. 
 Growth in our Radio business has been tepid, with the larger 
industry still facing challenges; however, we are pivoting the 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
3 
 
business with a renewed focus on growing non-free commercial 
time revenue.  
Meanwhile, our Digital businesses continue to show steady 
momentum, with our platforms – Mosaic, Shine and OTTplay 
driving growth through differentiated, future-ready offerings.  
We are working towards accelerating growth of our Digital 
business, while deepening the impact of our Print offerings and 
reimagining the Radio business with experiential and integrated 
formats. 
As always, your trust powers our journey. With a relentless focus 
on quality journalism and immersive entertainment, we are 
creating richer, more relevant experiences for our diverse and 
evolving audiences.” 
This slide has the agenda, that we will be covering here on the call 
today. We will first cover the consolidated financial results 
followed by a detail overview of our Print, Radio and Digital 
businesses. After the presentation, we will open the floor for a 
Q&A session. 
 
 With that, I now hand over the call to Mr. Piyush Gupta. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you, Anna. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for 
joining Q1FY26 Earnings Call. We will just track the presentation 
on your screens.  
So, the first chart is for consolidated financial summary. As you 
can see, in the first quarter of FY 2025-26, our total revenues have 
grown by 6% on a y-o-y basis to INR 451 cr, and PAT is a negative 
INR 11 cr, which is an improvement of 59%. On a sequential basis, 
the revenue is at 23% decline, with PAT at 120% decline. Net cash 
remains very healthy at INR 976 cr. 
 
Passing on to the business unit performance and deep diving right 
away into Print, we can see improvement in Print operating 
revenues as compared to the last year. This is led by a significant 
growth in advertising revenues. Circulation showing sequential 
improvement as well. So, our Ad. revenues have come to INR 255 
cr, which is a 17% improvement y-o-y and a total operating 
revenue at INR 324 cr, which is an 8% y-o-y improvement. 
 
Going to the English segmentation, our advertisement revenue 
which has come at INR 140 cr, is a 19% growth, so very healthy 
growth on a y-o-y basis. On a quarterly basis, however it's a 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
4 
 
decline of 12%. Circulation revenue, however has been little tepid 
because of our impetus at recruiting more copies and more 
readers, it is down by 22% on a y-o-y basis. On a quarterly basis, 
it's nearly flat. 
 
Coming on to the Hindi business. Our growth is at 14% y-o-y with 
Ad. revenues coming in at INR 116 cr and on a quarterly basis it's 
a decline of 9%. Circulation revenue is INR 39 cr, which is nearly 
flat versus last year. 
 
Radio, as highlighted earlier, has been under a bit of pressure.  
Segment revenues saw a dip compared to the prior quarter due to 
the high base effect from big events which we conducted earlier 
this year. Our revenue came at INR 31 cr, as against INR 36 cr last 
year, with a margin at -21%. 
 
In Digital, we can see the segment revenues rose y-o-y as most 
digital properties, including OTTplay continued to gain traction. 
Profitability improvement was owing to broad-based revenue 
expansion along with business investment rationalization. As a 
consequence, our operating revenues are at INR 56 cr which is a 
growth of 21% y-o-y and operating margins are at a -38%. 
 
With that, we come to the end of our presentation, I hand it back 
to Anna. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you, Piyush.  
                                                           
We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the “Raise 
Hand” option, which will enable the moderator to unmute you for 
posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your 
query and kindly restrict to a maximum of 2 questions per 
participant, so that we may be able to address questions from all 
participants. We will wait for a few moments while the question 
queue assembles.  
                                                           
The first question is from the line of Gaurav Agarwal. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Hi, Piyush. Hi, Anna. I am a private investor. So basically, my 
question is regarding one of the Group companies, Digicontent 
Ltd. I believe there you all have diluted a large part of the equity as 
RSUs. So, just wanted to know what's the impact on the P&L 
because it's almost like 9.5% equity dilution. So, I believe even in 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

 August 5, 2025
5 
the financials, you all should have separately adjusted or shown 
some details, what's the impact on the P&L. 
Anna Abraham: 
We have no separate adjustment. It is part of our employee cost 
in the P&L. 
Gaurav Agarwal: 
Yes. So, in the last quarterly numbers, what's the impact? Can you 
tell me. 
Anna Abraham: 
Last quarterly number, there's hardly any impact, as the RSUs 
were issued only in the last month. 
Piyush Gupta: 
Hello Gaurav, this is Piyush this side. So, Gaurav, all the costs have 
been charged in the salary and wages account, and it's not a 9% 
dilution currently, I don't know how you calculated that. But the 
accounting has been conducted as per Ind AS and it's not 9% 
dilution currently. It's all for employee RSUs which have been 
given to the employees. 
Anna Abraham: 
And it will be disclosed in the annual report as and when it comes 
up.  
Gaurav Agarwal: 
But Piyush, it's 9.5%. Earlier, you all had 29 lakh shares, RSUs, 
which you guys increased it to 56 lakhs, so it's like 10% of the 
Digicontent equity. 
Anna Abraham: 
Shares have not been issued yet. There's a ‘right’ for this and it is 
benchmarked to certain milestones also. 
Gaurav Agarwal: 
I couldn't get you. Can you come again, please? 
Anna Abraham: 
It is a ‘right’ at this point of time. The shares have not been issued 
as yet. So, when the shares get issued, then we will have some 
level of dilution. But at this point of time, there is no dilution. 
Gaurav Agarwal: 
But if you find out the entire BSE 500 list of companies, there 
would be very few who would have done such a large deal. These 
all things happen in the private equity unlisted stocks, founder 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
6 
 
allotments happen. So how come all of a sudden, right from 2% 
then 5% now, it's 9.5%.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Gaurav, exactly the point that I'm trying to make, first of all, it's not 
9.5% currently, it's much less that has been given as the right for 
the trust to buy and hand over the ESOP to the employees. That's 
the approval which has been taken for future handing out. If you 
want, we can separately engage, and you can drop a mail to the 
Investor Relations section, and we will give you exact. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
And just closing on that conversation, the Digital business is a new 
age business from that perspective, we are investing more and 
more in that digital business. So therefore, even if it is listed, there 
is a growth potential similar to any new business. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
So, are there any specific employees? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
This call is for the HT Media Group and DCL really doesn't fall into 
that. Why don't you send your specific queries on the Investor 
Relations and we will answer your query there. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Nobody responds, to calls – the number doesn’t seem to be 
working. So how can we contact?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
We receive a lot of emails on a regular basis, would you be kind 
enough to put in an email. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
I will do Piyush, shall put the email directly to you.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Sure, why don’t you write the email to me. 
 
Gaurav Agarwal:  
Thanks a lot, Piyush. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants that you may 
use the “Raise Hand” option on your screen, if you wish to ask a 
question.  
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
7 
 
The next question is from the line of Yash R. 
 
Yash R: 
Hi, Piyush. Hi, Anna. Good evening. Could you please let us know 
the verticals that have helped to achieve the growth in the Print 
segment, particularly the English part, HT. 
 
I know I can read in the comments that there has been a higher 
government revenue versus last year. So, first of all, I mean, we 
must have been having a good amount of revenue. This year, is it 
normalized or is there any exceptional revenue that you received?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. If I may take it up. See last year same quarter, if you remember, 
we had the national elections, so, there was a Code of Conduct 
which was in play because of which government revenue was 
substantially lower. So therefore, this year, there is no such 
restriction, so government spending has been as usual and 
therefore that will of course, result in upside. But apart from the 
government revenue, commercial revenue also has fired for us 
this quarter. 
 
Yash R: 
So which sectors have contributed the most to it? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Education is a big segment for Q1 so that would be one of the 
segments which fired. Across English and Hindi, it would be 
Education. Among the top 5 segments, 2-3 of them have been 
firing. 
 
Yash R: 
Sorry, I didn't get any of the verticals or the segments. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
              The segment is Education. 
 
Yash R: 
 
 
Education is one that has performed well, right? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. 
 
Yash R: 
And? 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
8 
 
Anna Abraham:  
 
And Real Estate, and BFSI, and a few others. 
 
Yash R: 
BFSI. Okay. And what percentage of contribution is by Education 
to the overall? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
We wouldn't be able to disclose it. Education is a pretty sizable 
advertiser in the Q1 typically. 
 
Yash R: 
Okay. And growth percentage if you can just let us know for 
Government and Education. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
We don't give split by segment. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, Yash, let me try to give you a context. I mean the Education, 
in the first quarter is a big segment, which is in the top 5 to 7 
segments that we have published the advertising for that comes 
in the English newspaper – as your question is specifically 
related to English. 
 
The growth has been reasonably good on the commercial side, 
but we wouldn't like to give an exact number because it's a 
competitive number, we don't want to share but that's one of the 
segments which has fired. 
 
Yash R:  
Okay. And what about on the circulation front? What are the 
copies? Are we stagnant? Are we growing? Or have those numbers 
gone down? Because in the investor presentation, I can see that 
the discounting is still continuing, right? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, discounting as I have highlighted earlier, we are currently 
recruiting a lot new readers on the Hindustan side, right? So, all 
the discounting, which has happened is primarily happening here, 
which is a short-term trend, but Anna can give the exact specific. 
Anna, would you like to add. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. So, in the English segment, the decline you have seen is 
largely on account of pricing only. Copies, as you can see 
sequentially also, we are flat. So, there's no change in copies. In 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
9 
 
the Hindi business, we are actually growing in copies via-a-vis last 
year. Sequential numbers remain pretty much the same. 
 
Yash R:  
Sorry, on the English front, I can see a drop of 22% in the revenue. 
That is on account of? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
RPC (Realization per copy) as also mentioned in the Investor 
Deck. 
 
Yash R:  
No. I mean, so it's lower realization per copy. I'm not able to make 
a sense of it as to what it means. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
That means the pricing to the customer is discounted as you were 
alluding to, and therefore, it is the decline in revenue is linked by 
the pricing and not by copies. 
 
Yash R:  
Okay. So, copies are the same, but then we are continuing with 
giving discounts, right, on the cover price.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, yes, you are absolutely right. We are giving those discounts. 
The copies are pretty constant but our endeavour is to recruit 
more copies and increase the number of copies as we go forward 
from here on. 
 
Yash R:  
So, I mean what is the plan? 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Dear participant, sorry to interrupt, may we request you to please 
fall back in queue for any follow-on questions. 
 
Yash R:  
 
 
Sure, thank you 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Sharma. 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
10 
 
Deepak Sharma:  
Yeah. Hi, good evening. This is Deepak. My question is that we 
have signed a couple of AFE agreements in the last six months. 
And we see an uptick in the revenue. So would you be able to give 
a segregation between the AFE revenue growth vis-a-vis the 
normal revenue growth. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
We don't exactly give that number, but suffice to say that AFE 
revenue has been a substantial part of the overall Print revenue 
and remains to be seen, but it doesn't have too much bearing on 
the new agreements that we would have signed because all the 
existing agreements that we have, also have a life of three to five 
years. So, those agreements are also into play, but AFE revenue is 
a substantial part of the overall revenue. 
 
Deepak Sharma:  
 
Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Meera Ruparel, 
please introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Dear participant you will have to unmute yourself and ask your 
question.   
 
Meera Ruparel: 
I am Sharad Ruparel this side, her father. Meera Ruparel isn’t 
available.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. Moving on. A follow-up question from the line of 
Deepak Sharma. 
 
Deepak Sharma:  
Yes. So, follow-up question again. So, in my earlier discussion with 
Aaditya, one on one discussions. We did mention that the AFE 
declaration happens when we do the conversion of the warrants 
into equity. So, there are standing agreements, which happened 
prior to that as well. So do we have a split of those, saying that, 
okay, these are in the pipeline and out of these X number of them, 
we want to convert the warrants into equity. Do we have some 
ratios on to that? 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
11 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Can you just repeat the question? I think I missed the point there, 
that you're saying, when we convert the warrant into equity, what 
happens? 
  
Deepak Sharma:  
So, we under the LODR declarations that we publish on the 
bourses that these are the AFE agreements which have been 
converted into equity, the warrants are getting converted to equity. 
But my discussion with Aaditya earlier mentioned that we keep on 
scouting for potential partnership opportunities and keep on 
shortlisting them? 
 
And then out of those, if we find a long-term strategic value, then 
only we convert into that. So, what is the split of those businesses 
where we said we form a partnership with 100 people and only 
30% qualified to go to the next round? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Okay. So, let me try to kind of attempt your question in a very high 
level. So, we have no specific number here. First of all, you have to 
understand the reason that we invest through the warrant 
structure rather than pay equity, is risk mitigation strategy. So of 
course, there are a lot of instruments that we are using and not just 
the warrant but warrant also is a risk-mitigation strategy. We do 
plain equity. We do convertible debentures, optionally convertible 
debentures, we do warrants and so on and so forth. 
 
Now the reason that we would convert a warrant into equity is if 
we basically see that, that equity can give us a substantial upside. 
Now that will happen because this is all basis the information 
rights that we have in our invested companies, if we see that a 
certain company is on a certain track where we believe that there 
can be a lot of upside, and that is the time that we convert our 
warrant into equity. 
 
As per the contractual document, there's a time period in so and 
so years that we have, up-till which we can exercise this right. And 
within that time period, we keep on looking at the financial 
performance of the company and basis that we take a call. So, 
there is no straight answer as to what percentage of warrants will 
be converted into equity. But the simple answer is, depending on 
the conviction that we have on the company's performance and 
therefore the on a going-forward perspective of the company, we 
would exercise that option. Otherwise, we will not. 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
12 
 
Deepak Sharma:  
Sure. Understood. Thank you. Historically, what would have been 
the ratio in the past? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Look, historically quite a few of our companies which have gone 
to the public markets, and we were sitting in warrants therein. So, 
before the public markets, we did exercise that option. There are 
quite a few companies which have shown a lot of traction on both 
the top line and the bottom line. 
In that case, we would have done this. But I don't have a 
readymade number for you, but those and other such are the 
decision gates basis which we look at the information and if the 
information is giving us a green signal, we'll go ahead and exercise 
the option. Otherwise, we will not. 
 
Deepak Sharma:  
No, absolutely. I was talking to Aaditya earlier and said that 
MobiKwik was a big win for us last December itself. So, it boosted 
our numbers as well. My question was more on the misses. What 
happens if most of the companies don't qualify, what happens? Is 
there a loss? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Let me flip the question. If MobiKwik was a win, as per our 
operating thesis at this point in time, whilst we are tracking our 
investment companies in the next two to three years, we think 
there will be many such opportunities in the invested companies 
where we will get this opportunity. Now whether the market will 
reward them very nicely or not, only time will tell. But at this point 
in time, we see a lot of opportunity over the next two or three years. 
 
Deepak Sharma:  
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
A reminder to all participants that you may use the “Raise Hand” 
option on your screen, if you wish to ask a question. 
There is a follow-on question from Yash R. 
 
Yash R:  
So, the question that I wanted to ask earlier was that how long are 
we looking to continue the discounts on the circulation front? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, I'll just do a long form answer. As you are aware, post-COVID, 
most of the copies for most of the publishers came down and now 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
13 
 
very selectively, depending on which market is showing a promise 
and there is competitive activity, those we are addressing market 
by market. There's a full impetus in Hindi market and also in the 
English market. Delhi, Bombay and Chandigarh, we are selectively 
increasing our copies. 
 
Now I don't think that this is a carte blanche that we are doing 
across all our Print locations and all our markets, but there are 
selective markets where we see that we have to shore up the 
copies. Now there are 2 routes that we take: one is, as you said 
price-off; second, is the incentives that we give to our readers. So, 
we keep on checking them on a monthly basis. 
 
But at this point in time, the strategy is paying fruits of course, it is 
a little costly as for the RPCs they tend to depress in the short 
term, whereas the benefit comes over the long term. So, at this 
point in time, we are continuing. But suffice to say that we will keep 
on looking at the performance on a monthly basis and take a real-
time call on that. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yash to add, there is a competitive environment on this as well. So, 
generally, it also depends on the competitive environment and as 
to what is the kind of offers that is planned by the government. 
 
Yash R:  
So, we will continue with it for foreseeable future? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
I'm saying at least for the next month, we are and we will take a call 
at the end of next month. And whether if we think that we should 
continue. So, we are taking one month at a time at this point in 
time. But looks like currently, we are continuing because this will 
give us fruits in the long term. 
 
Yash R:  
Okay. And what about the newsprint prices now? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Newsprint prices are flat for at least the last two quarters, and we 
don't see any reason for them to spike up. I understand there's a 
lot of anxiety around the geopolitical events. But we believe that 
the newsprint prices will remain in a very tight band, which is 
currently give or take USD 500 a metric ton, and we are currently 
tracking those prices. 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

    August 5, 2025 
 
14 
 
Yash R:  
 
 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. If 
you have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor 
Relations team. Our contact details are given in the investor 
presentation and are also mentioned on our websites. I now hand 
over to Piyush for closing remarks.  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thank you, Aaditya. As you can see, we have clocked a pretty 
decent growth on the top line. But from a long-term business 
viability we keep on investing behind our copies, in our Print 
businesses, and our other various businesses like OTTplay, we are 
setting up our target, and we have seen 100% growth on a y-o-y 
basis and we hope to repeat the performance going forward. 
 
Our Radio business is undergoing a bit of a tough environment 
right now, where the pricing is under pressure, but we are doing all 
that is in our hands, to correct the situation.  
Our cash position remains very firm, and our AFE book is growing, 
and we hope to get some more footprint in the next two or three 
days. 
 
With that, we appreciate your time and we look forward to see you 
in the next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 
