 
 
 
 
 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on August 12, 2025, pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q1 FY26 post results earnings call held on August 12, 2025. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO. FCS7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA 
SONI 
Date: 2025.08.20 
11:03:01 +05'30'

 
1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q1 FY26  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – PRESIDENT, CORPORATE FINANCE, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 

 
2 of 21 
 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  It's my pleasure to welcome 
you all to the post results teleconference for the first quarter 
ended June 30th, 2025.  For today's call, we have with us, Dr. 
Sharvil Patel, Managing Director, Mr. Nitin Parikh, CFO, Mr. Tushar 
Shroff, President - Corporate Finance, Mr. Arvind Bothra, Head of 
Investor Relations and Mr. Alok Garg from the Managing 
Director's office.   
 
To begin with, let me now give you a broad overview of the 
developments during the quarter.   
 
We commenced FY26 on a strong note following a formidable 
base of FY25. We delivered a stable revenue growth during the 
quarter, with most key businesses performing well. Our US 
formulations business sustained execution excellence, delivering 
both sequential and year-on-year growth on a high base.  On the 
India geography front, our branded formulations business in India 
sustained the growth momentum, outpacing the market growth 
for yet another quarter. The business has consistently 
outperformed the market growth in the last couple of years.  
Consumer Wellness business navigated through the challenges 
posed by early monsoon conditions, which impacted the seasonal 
brands.  However, the non-seasonal portfolio remained resilience, 
cushioning the overall performance. International markets 
formulations business delivered yet another strong growth 
performance seen over the last several quarters, driven by all 
round growth across key geographies, reflecting a good diversity 
of performance. 
 
With that, let me take you to the financial numbers for the quarter 
gone by.  We registered consolidated revenues of ₹ 65.7 billion, 
up 6% on a year-on-year basis. Our operating profitability 
continued to remain strong with an EBITDA margin of 31.8% 
during the quarter.  Consequently, EBITDA for the quarter stood at 
₹ 20.9 billion.  Net profit for the quarter was ₹ 14.7 billion, up 3% 
year-on-year.  Aided by strong profitability, our balance sheet 
strengthened further with the net cash position of ₹ 56.3 billion as 
of 30th June 2025 against the net cash of ₹ 48.8 billion as at 31st  
March 2025. 
 
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the first 
quarter of FY26 for our key business segments.  The US business 
registered revenues of ₹ 31.8 billion during the quarter, up 3% 
year-on-year and 2% quarter-on-quarter.  We filed 3 ANDAs and 

 
3 of 21 
 
received 6 approvals including 2 tentative approvals and launched 
3 new products during the quarter.  
 
Our India geography comprising of formulations and consumer 
Wellness business, accounted for 37% of the total revenues during 
the quarter and grew 6% year-on-year.  As mentioned earlier, the 
branded formulations business in India grew faster than the 
market during the quarter with 9% year-on-year growth driven by 
strong uptick in pillar brands and innovation products.  Chronic 
segment continued to grow at a faster pace, driving the overall 
growth of the business.  In terms of therapeutic performance, 
the business grew faster than the market in key therapies of 
Cardiology, Respiratory Anti-infectives, Pain Management, and in 
the super specialty area of Oncology.  On the super specialty front, 
we continued to retain leadership position in the Oncology 
therapy.  Contribution of chronic portfolio has increased 
consistently over the last several years and stood at 43.7% as per 
IQVIA MAT June 2025, an improvement of 420 basis points over 
the last three years.  Our Consumer Wellness business recorded 
revenues of ₹ 8.5 billion, up 2% year-on-year.  Excluding the 
seasonal brands, the business posted strong double-digit growth, 
reflecting the underlying strength of the portfolio and balanced 
business model.   
 
International markets formulations business posted revenues of ₹ 
7.3 billion with a strong year-on-year growth of 37%.  The growth 
was well spread across different regions as both the emerging 
markets and Europe delivered strong demand led growth during 
the quarter, benefiting from focused execution.   
 
On the MedTech front, we recently completed acquisition of 
85.6% stake in Amplitude Surgical. During the quarter, we entered 
into a strategic partnership with Braile Biomedica, an innovative 
cardiovascular device manufacturer in Brazil, to exclusively 
commercialize its Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation, which 
is TAVI technology, across Europe, India, and other select markets.  
With this partnership, we look forward to expand into the fast- 
growing interventional Cardiology segment. 
 
On the operations side, our API manufacturing facilities at 
Ankleshwar and Dabhasa received EIR from the USFDA against 
inspections conducted in March 2025 and April 2025 respectively.   

 
4 of 21 
 
 
This concludes the business review.  I would now request Dr. 
Sharvil Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses 
as well as initiatives in our innovation program. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
It's a pleasure to have you all here today on the call.  We had a 
steady start to FY26.  All our businesses maintained the growth 
momentum with robust operating profitability and performed in 
line with expectations except for a couple of summer-oriented 
brands in the Consumer Wellness business, which faced seasonal 
challenges.  We stay committed to achieve our targeted top line 
growth and profitability for the current financial year.  This will be 
driven by our strategic intent of going beyond the pill to address 
diverse healthcare needs of the patients and also superior 
execution.   
 
In the US generics market, we have steadily expanded our 
footprint by building a robust and diversified portfolio across 
various dosage forms.  This growth has been driven by a 
combination of strategic in-house development efforts and 
prudent licensing initiatives. To broaden access and provide 
diverse treatment options, we have been expanding our presence 
in the specialty space by enriching our portfolio of the 505(b)(2) 
products and enhancing our focus on the pediatric rare disease 
platform.  Powered by robust customer relationships, a versatile 
network of manufacturing facilities capable of delivering a wide 
array of dosage forms, an agile and responsive supply chain, and 
disciplined cost management, our US business is firmly positioned 
to have a sustainable growth trajectory. 
 
On the India formulations front, our branded formulations 
business continues to outpace the market growth.  Our strategic 
initiatives are focused on expanding our presence across targeted 
therapeutic areas, thereby enabling us to serve a broader patient 
population.  We have effectively leveraged our rich and diverse 
portfolio of innovative products to deliver novel solutions that 
address critical unmet medical needs.  In the Consumer Wellness 
space, we are driven by our mission to meet evolving consumer 
preferences and choices in the wellness domain and inspire 
healthier lives.  Our portfolio of wellness products built over the 
years positions us well for the future customer needs.  We look 
forward to drive growth through innovation, scale sustainably, and 
serve consumers with differentiated, evidence-backed wellness 
products. 

 
5 of 21 
 
 
The International markets formulations business, which comprises 
of different countries of emerging markets and Europe, has 
emerged as a reliable third pillar of growth and continues to 
deliver strong double-digit growth over the last several quarters.  
In the emerging markets, we remain committed to satisfy diverse 
patient needs across chosen therapies through multiple levers.  In 
Europe, our focus remains on expanding our offerings and 
enhancing the market coverage.   
 
In line with the vision of going beyond the pill to make deeper 
impact in patients’ lives, we forayed into a global biologics CDMO 
Business through our plan to acquire Agenus Inc.’s US-based 
biological manufacturing facility.  Agenus Inc. is a clinical stage 
immuno-oncology company committed to developing immune 
therapies to combat cancer.  The acquisition marks our strategic 
investment in the US-based manufacturing for biologics thereby 
adding a sustainable growth driver for the future. 
 
I'm also happy to note that we successfully completed our stake 
acquisition in Amplitude Surgical SA in France, a European 
MedTech leader in high quality, lower limb orthopedic 
technologies.  Amplitude’s portfolio comprises of technologically 
advanced products and solutions backed by cutting edge research 
and innovation and complemented by robotic surgery platform.  
With this acquisition, we look forward to offer numerous value- 
added innovations to meet the needs of patients, surgeons, and 
healthcare facilities.   
 
With this, let me share some material developments on the 
innovation efforts during the quarter.  On our NCE research front, 
we initiated a Phase II(b) clinical trial of Usnoflast, a novel oral 
NLRP3 inflammasome inhibitor, in the US, in patients with 
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, commonly known as ALS.  The US 
FDA granted fast track designation to the molecule for ALS 
indication during the quarter.  The molecule also holds an orphan 
drug designation from the USFDA for this indication. 
 
In the biotech R&D space, we received market authorization 
approvals from the drug regulator for rituximab and aflibercept 
biosimilars.  We also received regulatory approval to initiate a 
Phase III clinical trial for our second antibody drug conjugate.   
 
On the vaccines R&D front, we completed a Phase II clinical trial of 
Hepatitis E vaccine.  We also initiated a Phase IV trial of rabies 

 
6 of 21 
 
vaccine to evaluate the long-term immunogenicity and safety viz-
à-viz the WHO pre-qualified vaccine in animal bite cases.   
 
Thank you and now we start with our Q&A.  Over to the 
coordinator for the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir.  Now, we will open the forum for a question-and-
answer session.  Anyone who wishes to ask the question, please 
raise your hand from the participant tab on the screen.  Please 
note this conference is being recorded.  The first question is from 
Kunal Dhamesha.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, can you hear me? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yeah.  Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good 
set of numbers.  The first question on our US run rate, which is 
obviously good this quarter, but when we look at let's say beyond 
FY26, we had initially commented last quarter that we don't 
expect a sharp fall, so can you provide some more color there? 
How are we seeing the FY27 US revenue shaping up and some of 
the key products that we are expecting to launch? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, in FY26, with the price challenges on Revlimid, we still believe 
we will have a single digit growth in this year.  So, we are 
maintaining our current guidance of growth in the US for FY26 and 
we expect to launch 30 plus products and with clearance 
potentially of our injectable facilities also, some more launches.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
For FY27 or for FY26, Sir? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
FY26. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay, but my question was more on FY27, Sir. Beyond, let's say, 
Revlimid, how are we basically planning to offset the Revlimid cliff 
with the kind of products that we have? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, there will be obviously, we continue to have important 
launches in FY27 also.  Ibrance as well as the other two molecules, 
where we believe, we will have decent launches.  Also, our 
505(b)(2) scale up is going to be seen in FY26 end, but more so, in 
FY27.  So, that will substantially add to the business and we're 
quite excited with that prospect, especially with our 505(b)(2), we 
have almost 25 product pipeline with 15 products that have 
already been filed and future products that are to be filed.  So, 

 
7 of 21 
 
that is also going to create a long-term differentiated portfolio for 
the organization. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure.  So, shall we expect like FY27 to be more flattish growth? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think, it's still early to tell because we have to see many things 
play out, but as I said, the pipeline-wise we have exclusive 
launches.  We have a 505(b)(2) program that will scale up.  So, we 
are quite and obviously regular products of 20 to 30 launches 
every year.  So, we believe, all of that will aid to the growth, but I 
think, better clarity we can give only probably end of the fourth 
quarter once we are clear about what will be the current status. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Thank you for that and my second question is on Saroglitazar.  If 
you could provide an update there, how the trials are progressing, 
whether was there any interim clinical trial data readout, which 
you have seen interim data etc., how does it and then on the 
timeline of launches, I think we have suggested late FY27 or early 
FY28, but how are we looking on those timelines? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think it's the same, nothing has changed.  I think, we have 
completed our trial. The last patient readout is also done.  So, we 
will wait for the data to be seen in the next quarter and if the data 
looks promising, which we hope, then, we will be going for NDA 
filing and if all that goes well, then FY27, we'll see a launch for 
Saro. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So, just the last bit, data is already there and it's being analyzed? 
This is what you are suggesting? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, no, it's under lock right now.  So, once everything is done, 
then we'll be able to unlock data and do a readout.  So, we are 
saying it will be in the second end or third quarter beginning. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay.  Sure.  Sure.  Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Hello. 
Bino: 
Hi.  Can you hear me? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I can hear you. 

 
8 of 21 
 
Bino: 
Okay.  Great.  Sharvil Bhai, you also comment on Mirabegron.  
First of all, in this quarter, has it been pretty much similar levels as 
last two-three quarters and is it likely to continue for the time 
being? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, Revlimid and Mirabegron two special products, you know, in 
totality, are more or less the same kind of sales. 
Bino: 
Okay and has it changed significantly for Q2 vs 1Q or more or less 
similar continuing? 
Nitin Parekh: 
More or less similar. 
Bino: 
Okay, got it and what is your outlook for Mirabegron? You know, 
of course litigation is pinching, but when you look forward into 
FY27, do you see this continuing in FY27 or it is highly unlikely that 
it stays in FY27? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we'll have to wait for the trial before we can comment on that.  
So, I think, as I said, the trial date is in February 2026. So, only post 
that, we can give any more comments on that.  Until then, we do 
continue to commercialize the product.  
Bino: 
So, what is the best outcome of the trial, that the product 
continues to be under patent, you will be  non-infringing and only 
the current two players will stay for 3-4 years, is that such a?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think it would be very difficult to speculate what outcomes can 
be.  So, I would not do that right now.  We'll have to wait till then, 
I said until then, we know we are commercialized the product.  
Bino: 
Got it.  Another question about these two facilities, which you 
have acquired. One is the Agenus one in California and the earlier 
acquisition in India of the Stirling Bio facility.  When can we look at 
some sort of meaningful scale up in these facilities? You have, you 
have paid the decent quantum of money. Even if one applies 1½ 
to 2 times asset turnover, still it could be US$ 100 to 200 million 
revenue coming from these kinds of facilities.  When can we see 
this kind of revenue? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on the, on the second facility with the bio CDMO facility that 
we have acquired in US, it is under qualification, it's a brand-new 
facility which is under qualification and once it's qualified, it is 
going to produce a BOT/BAL for Agenus and there is a contract for 
them for the next three years to produce BOT/BAL.  Beyond that, 
we will be looking to bring more bio CDMO manufacturing into 

 
9 of 21 
 
this facility and also potentially bring some biosimilar 
manufacturing.  So, that's the current plan.  So, I would say it's 
probably at least a two and a half year, three year plan before 
we'll see large, I mean see capacity utilization and revenue uptick.  
With respect to our other joint venture which we have for the 
Sterling Biotech facility, we have a large capex program going on 
to build, I would say, world's first recombinant whey protein 
manufacturing at scale that have never been made in the world.  
So, we are making large scale manufacturing for the whey protein 
and re-isolate through fermentation and that program, probably 
in the next two years, we would see commercialization kick in.  So, 
it's nothing in the short-term for both of these facilities. 
Nitin Parekh: 
But just one point on that. When you talk of for Sterling Biotech, it 
is an existing company with, you know, sales and EBITDA and what 
we have paid for is, you know, that existing business. What Sharvil 
Bhai just now mentioned is the future project that we intend to 
put up in the same company. 
Bino: 
Understood.  Great.  Great.  I'll join back.  Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah.  Thanks for taking my question.  My first question is on the 
505(b)(2) portfolio that you indicated would ramp up by the end 
of this year.  Currently, we have Sitagliptin. I think there was one 
more, Docetaxel, that we had in-licensed last year. Are there any 
other launches in the 505(b)(2) portfolio that is expected as we 
think about the next year? And how big can the 505(b)(2) portfolio 
be for Zydus next year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have, obviously you mentioned already that one product 
that we commercialize and Docetaxel which will commercialize in 
the next quarter.  We also have some, two more like, 505(b)(2), 
that one is about to get commercialized.  One we're waiting for 
approval to commercialize.  Over a period of time, I think, the 
505(b)(2) will definitely be a significant value as well as 
profitability driver for the specialty space, which would be more 
sticky.  So, we already have a decent revenue on 505(b)(2) with 
good profitability, but we are seeing a major scale up, you know, 
in the FY27 and beyond. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Besides Sitagliptin, can the other portfolios also, I think, Sita you 
had mentioned that can be, you know, $50 odd million. So, can 

 
10 of 21 
 
the other products be as large as Sita, or Sita would still end up 
being the largest product in that portfolio? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Others will be larger. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Others would be, okay, okay.  And the usual ramp up for these 
would be similar to what we've seen in Sitagliptin, for Docetaxel 
and the two other products that we commercialized.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I would say, the peak for the others would be in the second or 
third year. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
But they will have longer patent life.  They will not be facing 
generic competition that way. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it.  Oh, okay, okay, okay, understood.  My second question is, I 
think, in the opening remarks you mentioned about emerging 
market being the third pillar of growth.  We've seen a significant 
step up in emerging market revenues this quarter.  Is there any 
one off that we are seeing in EM? Could you provide some color 
on what sort of growth we should expect and what's driving this 
acceleration and growth in the emerging market business? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, for us, the emerging market including EU, both have driven 
very strong growth and it's been broad based across geographies.  
We are very confident of strong double digit, high teens to mid-
twenties growth going forward for the overall international 
markets and we are seeing that to be sustainable. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And the high teens to mid-twenties is there anything, I mean 
there's no tender component which is you know probably one off 
to this year which we don't see?  I mean there's the sticky run rate 
that we should assume for the emerging market business? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  Yeah.  We are talking about high teens to  mid twenties 
growth for the International Markets.  
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Harith Ahmed. 
Harith Ahmed: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity.  Hope I'm audible. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 

 
11 of 21 
 
Harith Ahmed: 
First question is on Usnoflast. Given it's a very promising molecule 
and you talked about commencement of Phase II(b) trials, can you 
give some more color on the timelines for Phase II(b) trials and 
you know the best case scenario for the launch for this product? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  So, I think we're just about to initiate the trial.  We have a 
global CRO whom we have contracted and everything is in place.  
So, the trial will begin in the next one to two months.  It will be a 
two-year kind of trial and then post that readout.  So, we are 
talking about a two to three-year window for seeing our clinical 
data for ALS, but it's mostly an efficacy trial.  So, we believe that 
depending on the results, we could see an approval on Phase II(b) 
or we may have to then further do Phase III, but high chances that 
we if we see good data, we could go for an approval post this trial. 
Harith Ahmed: 
Okay.  Thanks for that and next one is on biosimilars.  So, far, 
we've refrained from any investments targeting regulated markets 
for our biosimilar portfolio.  Given that we have fairly broad 
portfolio of around 14-15 biosimilars, is there any rethink on our 
regulated market strategy or is there any plan to partner with 
someone who will undertake all the R&D spends and the 
commercialization part of it? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we are working on both the ideas.  One is the regulatory 
scenario has changed for certain class of biosimilars, there is no 
longer a requirement for an efficacy trial.  So, the pathway has 
become obviously much better for US.  The second is we have a 
manufacturing footprint now in the US to make biologicals.  So, 
we are looking at both opportunities, in-house portfolio as well as 
licensing in with manufacturing in US as an opportunity to add 
may be one to two products in the biosimilar space to launch, I 
mean to develop and launch.  
Harith Ahmed: 
Okay, got it. And one clarification on the Saroglitazar comment in 
PBC as we await the data and you mentioned that we'll be looking 
at the data before deciding on the next steps.  So, what exactly are 
we waiting? I mean, are we going to compare the data for 
Saroglitazar, with some of the existing products in the market and 
only if we meet the expectations versus those products, we'll be 
taking a call to go forward with Saroglitazar, is that the correct 
understanding? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, it's a blinded trial.  So, we're waiting for the efficacy as well as 
safety data to come out.  So, if both those are good and if it is 

 
12 of 21 
 
comparable with the treatments available today, we will obviously 
take the next step of filing for an NDA. 
Harith Ahmed: 
Got it, Sir.  I'll get back to the queue.  Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Surya Patra.  Hi Surya, are 
you able to hear us? 
Surya Patra: 
Hello.  Can you hear me? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Surya Patra: 
Yeah.  Sir, just first question is on the Amplitude acquisition.  If 
you can just give some more color, after the acquisition, what is 
your thought process about it? Is there any kind of acquisition 
related cost that we could see in this quarter? And having done 
the licensing arrangement for the devices also what is the kind of 
MedTech thought process or the goal that we would be having 
going ahead, if you can? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, with the acquisition of Amplitude, obviously, we have become 
at least from an Indian context perspective, a decently important 
player in the Med devices space.  The acquisition gives us the 
opportunity to enter into the orthopedic implant space for knee 
and hip.  It gives us a navigation and robotic capability as well, 
which is the future for all surgeries as you see.  So, it gives us both 
those capabilities.  It has a strong footprint in Europe with a strong 
presence in France and what we hope to do is obviously continue 
to build and increase our share in these markets, but also enter 
and scale up markets like Australia, Brazil, Mexico, and enter more 
markets through both their network as well as Zydus’ capabilities.  
Also, India offers a great opportunity to launch high technology, 
high end implants in India, and we will be also launching these 
products in India.  Beyond that, we do see opportunities to 
improve on our profitability with looking at cost reduction through 
helping us improve margins.  Also, on the Interventional 
Cardiology, our licensing capabilities with the TAVI allows us to 
enter more markets, including India.  We will be doing clinical 
trials for CE approvals for Europe as well as in India and we hope 
to build an Interventional Cardiology business both through 
stents, balloons, TAVI, and future more products in this category. 
Nitin Parekh: 
And acquisition related cost, so, we have largely booked in March 
quarter only. 

 
13 of 21 
 
Surya Patra: 
Sure.  Okay.  Yeah.  Thank you, Sir and second question is on the 
GLP opportunity.  So, in the emerging market that is now likely to 
be activated, starting with Canada, Brazil like that as well as in 
India.  So, if you can give some clarity about your preparedness for 
these markets and your ultimate plan of integrated operation here 
for the advanced market in the subsequent period, your plan 
please? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sure.  So, first, we have, in Semaglutide, a different formulation, a 
formulation that gives convenience and ease of administration 
and also reduces the overall burden in terms of economics.  So, 
we hope to, we will be launching this new formulation in India, 
and we are on track to do so, and we should be present when 
market formation happens.  So, we're quite excited with that.  
This formulation does offer significant benefit versus the existing 
formulations in the market.  Similarly, we hope, we are also taking 
this novel formulation to the other markets like Brazil, Canada and 
future other markets which will open up.  So, our strategy is not to 
go with the same, but differentiated formulation in all other 
markets and we will get to see that. The filings will start to happen 
by end of the year and we will see maybe from a year to two years 
from then launches in different markets depending on our 
approval, how long does it take for the approvals to come. But 
right now, I think, from the commercialization point of view, India 
will offer the most benefit to us in terms of revenue. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay.  Sir, regards the CDMO acquisition or entry into this 
biologics CDMO business. So, these two acquisition - these two-
facility acquisition obviously facilitate your foray, but is there any 
investment plan beyond that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think our current, the investment plan is to get these 
facilities up and running and qualified and start doing business 
through them.  We don't have any more bio CDMO expansion 
plans in US. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay.  Just last one on the Sitagliptin. So, considering the kind of a 
bulk supply arrangement as well as the government supply put 
together, is it fair to believe that this is kind of compensating for 
the losses, means the revenue losses what we have been facing in 
the Asacol HD in this current year and what will happen to that 
revenue stream once the generic competition in Sitagliptin starts? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I think, so, I would say the franchise is a good product which 
will have business over the next couple of years.  It is definitely 

 
14 of 21 
 
not replacing the loss of revenue for the Lenalidomide, but from a 
new product 505(b)(2) point of view, it's a, it's a good product 
which has a good NPV with at least two to three years of good 
earnings.  So, we are quite excited, happy with that. But it doesn't 
replace on its own, doesn't replace any earnings. 
Surya Patra: 
No, I was asking about the Ascol HD revenue loss is getting 
compensated by this product right now this year, Sir? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Asacol has gone quite, I mean there has been steep decline, so the 
revenue gap has been obvious some of this, but also so many 
other products that we have launched.  So, I would not attribute 
all of it to this product.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay, okay.  Yeah.  One just clarification, Sir, about the finance 
cost.  See we have been talking about reducing our debt and 
hence the finance cost, but that is still been kind of stagnated or it 
is remaining there only? So, some clarity on that front would be 
useful.  
Nitin Parikh: 
So, there are two kinds of finance cost.  One is because of the 
accounting treatment that we do for liqmed acquisition where we 
have to do unwinding of interest amount on the contingent 
payments that we need to make to the sellers.  So, that is one 
important component.  I'll give you separate amounts, we'll 
provide that specific amount for that.  The second is that we are 
having arbitrage income in terms of government securities.  So, 
we have made investment, we buy government securities, we 
place the government security again, the securities again, you 
know, borrow so that actually helps us in terms of maximizing 
return on our own capital.  So, you would also find increase in 
other income in our results and increasing other income is largely 
attributed to interest income.  So, on a net-net basis, there is still 
a gain in what we are doing.  So, you will have a large cash balance 
and there will be some borrowings also against the government 
securities.  On net-net basis, we have net surplus only.  There is no 
borrowing.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay, okay.  Sure Sir.  Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity again.  One on the medical 
devices business. Beyond let's say Amplitude and the in-licensing, 
are we planning to do any organic capex here and if yes, what 

 
15 of 21 
 
would be the amount and how will it be spread over the next 
couple of years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we are building a dialyzer facility which is under 
construction and in the next one year, we hope to get it up and 
running.  So, that is the capex that is going on. Also some small 
capex on our Intervention Cardiology side.  So, between the two, 
we're spending around 300 crores of capex on Med devices. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And that will be completed this year mainly? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, in probably 12 to 18 months. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sure and then second one on the Agenus facility that we 
have in the US. Would you share the current bio reactor capacity 
that we have and is it a single use reactor or a stainless-steel 
reactor facility? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, these are single use bag reactors and I think the capacity is 
around 2X4, 2 KL X 4. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
2000 KL, 4 reactors, and also, we have small scale reactors also.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yeah.  So, this would be mainly mammalian cell culture reactors 
that we'll be using? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay, sure, sure and then you know, Sir, are we looking at any 
cost efficiency program as we enter into post Revlimid era? And if 
yes, what are the cost lines that we are looking at and potentially 
how much savings we can kind of, you know, accrue over the next 
couple of years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we do, I mean not because of Revlimid but I would say since 
the mid, early 2000s, we have institutionalized cost reduction 
programs in the organization with SLIM, PRISM, and other critical 
initiatives.  So, every year, we have a very strong savings target 
which the team is quite good and have been surpassing those 
targets every year and so that continues.  As our cost base goes 
up, from procurement savings, same vendor negotiations, 
alternate vendors, improvement in efficiency in manufacturing 
both from productivity as well as batch size yield, I think all of 
those put together, we do have savings that we achieve every year 

 
16 of 21 
 
which are meaningful and so that will continue.  By and large, on 
many metrics, we are sort of very good and best in class, so to say.  
So, we hope to stay in that kind of metrics. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, Sir and last one from my side. At this point in time, shall we 
pencil in, Ibrance, generic launch in FY27, do we have that clarity 
from the settlement? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We have clarity, but we have to wait for, if there is any pediatric 
exclusivity.  If not, yes, it will be a FY27 launch, late FY27 launch.  If 
there is pediatric exclusivity, then early FY28 launch. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure.  And Sir, just the Ibrance, the molecule itself for the 
innovator has seen a significant decline this year.  Do we expect 
once genericization happens and the low-cost alternative is 
available, some share can be gained back? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Generally, when genericization does happen, unless the therapy 
has shifted, obviously you see volumes grow, but today also 
irrespective, that's still a very, very large opportunity.  So, after 
genericization, generally volumes will pick up for most therapies 
unless there is a shift of therapy, but I would say the molecule still 
offers a very significant opportunity in the medium term. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, Sir.  Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Bino.  
Bino: 
Hi, good evening again.  Just one follow up question on 
Semaglutide. Are we fully integrated backwards in Semaglutide 
both the API as well as formulation? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Bino: 
Okay.  And do we have sufficient capacities for India launch and 
the other emerging market, Canada etc. launch over the next two 
years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we have planned for enough capacity.  We also have 
alternate source on API.  So, we are dual-sourced and we have 
obviously PFS and cartridge facility sufficient of that and obviously 
the devices also we have been planned for.  So, hopefully, we are 
in control.  
Bino: 
Got it.  Thank you. 

 
17 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah, just wanted to get a sense on what the capex would be 
given the CDMO capacity that we are setting up in the US and you 
said 300 crores for the intervention?  Is there anything else that 
we have planned? What would be the capex roughly for the year? 
Nitin Parikh: 
Total capex for the current financial year is estimated at about 
1,200 crores.  That includes 300 crores of MedTech.  
Neha Manpuria: 
And the US capex also, right? 
Nitin Parikh: 
Sorry. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And the US facility? 
Nitin Parikh: 
No, the acquisition is separate.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, but there is no capex in that because that facility is already, I 
mean the fully capexed and it's only under qualification now. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  So, there is no additional capex that is required for that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I mean, there could be incremental small capex, but the facility is 
only under, I mean, now is under qualification. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, got it, that is helpful.  Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Devang Saraogi.  
Devang Saraogi: 
Good evening, Sir.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Good evening.  
Devang Saraogi: 
I have two questions.  When can Desidustat be expected to 
receive approval from Chinese regulator and what could be the 
potential revenue opportunity for this drug in Chinese market? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, as I said, we have completed the clinical trials in China 
with our partner.  The data read out was already published.  We 
have mostly answered all our queries with the Chinese authorities.  
So, we are hoping that in the next 12 months, we would see 
approval for Desidustat in China.  From our point of view, 
Desidustat offers a tremendously large opportunity potentially for 
the company.  China is probably one of the largest markets for HIF 
inhibitors with an existing product also which are in multi million 

 
18 of 21 
 
dollars.  So, we do hope for it to be a very meaningful launch and 
commercial opportunity for Zydus. 
Devang Saraogi: 
And Sir, second, is there any change in approval timeline for CUTX 
101? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we still are looking forward to approval in this financial year.  
Devang Saraogi: 
And Sir, lastly on the  andy robot arm from Amplitude Surgical 
appeared to be promising.  Do you have any information on the 
expected launch timeline and market size potential? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  So,  it has been already applied for CE approval and the 
launch will be in this financial year.  
Devang Saraogi: 
And any revenue expectations? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, there are revenue expectations built with this robot, which 
will improve our revenue in Europe also and we also potentially 
will look to bring the robot to other markets as well after CE 
approval.  
Devang Saraogi: 
Any differentiation between competitors in this product? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, the good part of this is that there has been a navigation 
system that has been in use for many years and with strong data. 
So, we are very excited with the capability that it has.  Now, with 
the robotic arm, also it builds additional capabilities.  So, I think, 
we believe, we will see good traction for the robot going forward. 
Beyond that, obviously the knee and hip joints are high-tech, high-
quality products and we hope to see good success of them in 
different markets.  
Devang Saraogi: 
Sir, if you allow last question on tariffs, any comment how can it 
affect, any insight? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I don't have any comment because we don't know the extent 
of the tariff on pharmaceuticals or generics.  So, as and when we 
are clearer on that, we can give a better understanding, but as I 
said, US is an important market for us.  In US, a lot of medicines 
are  made available and affordable because of generics.  Generics 
are almost 90% of the volume in the US and that helps bring the 
healthcare cost down.  So, I think, we are committed to making 
sure that we continue to create this access in the US.  Once we see 
the tariffs, we will see the impact and work accordingly as to what 
we can best achieve after that. 

 
19 of 21 
 
Devang Saraogi: 
Thank you, Sir.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Nitin Agarwal.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you for taking my question.  Sharvil Bhai, on Lenalidomide, 
for the remaining quarters, do we still have quantities that we 
intend to book or are we largely done with the quota? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We're most largely done.  No, the quota we still have some left, 
but I think, by and large, we're largely done in terms of majority of 
our revenue in the last, we have booked it in the last quarter.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sharvil Bhai, when we look through the remaining 3 quarters for 
the year, you know when we're talking about growing on, you 
know the business that we did last year in the US, given the fact 
that we did have a large mirabegron, we did have a largish Q4 
contribution from Lenalidomide plus the Asacol erosion which 
come through this year, what sort of drivers do you see will make 
up for some of these things going forward? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, we still continue the guidance of single digit growth in 
the US this FY26.  It will be driven obviously by the launches that 
we have done in the last year.  The products like the 505(b)(2), 
which we have launched and which we are hoping to launch in the 
coming quarters. Also we have base business that has done well.  
So, while Asacol may have gone down, but overall, we are gaining 
on our base business as well and Mirabegron also continues to be 
favorable.  So, putting all of this together, we believe that we will 
still see growth in spite of last quarter four that happened where 
we won't see any majority business on Lenalidomide. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks, and Sharvil Bhai on the EBITDA margins, how do you see 
the EBITDA margins versus the last year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we believe, we will be better than 26% EBITDA margins and 
that's what we have maintained as our guidance. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay.  Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
Tushar Manudhane: Am I audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 

 
20 of 21 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Thanks for the opportunity, Sir.  Sir, just with respect to 
Desidustat, while you know, maybe probably approval taking next 
12 months and then subsequently the commercial channel 
probably you know how long will that take to see that stable, the 
scale up in the sales? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have partnered with the commercial partner in China 
who's a large player in the market and they are already preparing 
for commercial launch.  So, they're well prepared to do so.  The 
market size of this kind of CKD molecule in China is already above 
billion dollars and more.  So, we see a great opportunity for this to 
take share in the Chinese market and I think our partner is well 
prepared and excited to prepare for the launch.  I think most of 
the work with the authorities is completed and we hope that we 
will see approvals in the next one year.  
Tushar Manudhane: And for us, it will be just like royalty kind of income, of course, 
including the profit share because let's say the manufacturing and 
the commercial? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, it's a profit share, I mean it's a markup plus royalty income.  
Tushar Manudhane: So, any broad range you would like to highlight like how much this 
would be as a percentage? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we can't talk about it yet because we have to get pricing 
approvals also and other aspects.  So, once we commercialize it, 
we can give better color, but obviously the nature of a licensing is 
where we don't have any other fixed costs, so obviously the 
profitability will be high.  
Tushar Manudhane: Okay.  So, then just secondly on this Agenus Biologics facility with 
this Botensilimab and Balstilimab, the capacity would be largely 
utilized or there would be still, you know, sufficient amount and 
then what kind of products we intend to sort of get the, let's say 
exhibit batches or validation done from this facility? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, for current requirements for BOT/BAL for their clinical trials, 
the facilities obviously far more, I mean, it has far more capacity 
than the production that we'll do.  So, we do have opportunity to 
add more products beyond BOT/BAL.  If BOT/BAL goes fully 
commercial and the uptick is very strong, we have a potential to 
further add capacity also. But we do believe that we can have 
more than one product in this facility.  As I said, we have four 2 KL 
reactors and we also have another facility though smaller, but also 

 
21 of 21 
 
can be retrofitted.  So, depending on the requirement, we will 
look to how do we scale up if needed, but currently we look at 
clinical supplies on BOT/BAL as well as potentially adding some 
biosimilars and third party business to the CDMO. 
Tushar Manudhane: Okay.  Sir, sorry for my ignorance, but just wanted to understand 
this. Given that it is a biologics facility, this entity has scaled up 
earlier in terms of manufacturing from, let's say, lab to the 
commercial level, right? And which is where the confidence for 
this BOT/BAL product? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  So, BOT/BAL has already been given to more than 1000 
patients through their different clinical trials. So, there is already, 
the team already has the capability from both, as you said, from 
lab scale to 2 liters to 20 liters to now 2 KL. So, they have those, 
they already have proven capabilities to manufacture this.  
Tushar Manudhane: Okay, Sir.  Got it.  Got it.  Thanks.  That's it from my side. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  We will wait for few minutes for the question queue 
to assemble.  You can click on raise hand tab on the screen.  I 
request management for the closing remarks, please. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you for today's conference call and your active 
participation.  We look forward to interacting with you in the next 
quarter.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to Zydus Management Team.  Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Limited, that concludes 
today's conference.  Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines and exit the webinar.  Thank you. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
