 
July 25, 2025 
 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400001 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
 
Stock Code: 543213 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block, Bandra- Kurla 
Complex Bandra East Mumbai 400051 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238 
 
Stock Code: ROSSARI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on July 21, 2025 for Q1 FY26 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our intimation dated July 14, 2025, 
regarding Earnings Conference call with Analyst(s) /Investor(s) held on Monday, July 21, 2025, we 
would like to inform that the transcript of the aforesaid conference call is enclosed herewith and the 
same is also available on the website of the Company at www.rossari.com/announcement under the 
head ‘Investor Call’.  
 
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
 
For Rossari Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Parul Gupta 
Head - Company Secretary & Legal  
Membership No.: A38895 
 
Encl.: as above 
Parul 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Parul Gupta 
Date: 2025.07.25 
15:25:44 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
Rossari Biotech Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 21, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rossari Biotech Limited's Earnings 
Conference Call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Rossari 
Biotech’s Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Edward Menezes, Promoter and Executive Chairman; Mr. Sunil 
Chari, Promoter and Managing Director; and Mr. Ketan Sablok, Group Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company. We would like to begin the call with the opening 
remarks from the Management, following which we will have the forum open for a 
question-and-answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Edward Menezes to make his opening remarks. 
Edward Menezes: 
Thank you, Mr. Anoop. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our 
Earnings Conference Call. It is a pleasure to have you with us today as we discuss 
our Q1 FY2026 operational and financial performance. 
We have delivered a steady performance this quarter with top-line growth driven by 
healthy momentum in our HPPC and AHN segments. While the operating 
environment remained dynamic, our domestic business performed well, supported 
by demand across key categories. Our export business, however, faced some 
headwinds due to prevailing global uncertainties, which also impacted the Agri and 
Textile segments. Despite these challenges, overall revenue growth was healthy, 
and we believe that our focus on optimizing product mix and driving operational 
efficiencies will support a gradual improvement in profitability. 
Our commitment to R&D continues to drive our success and we have seen many 
synergies emerge through our past acquisitions. R&D continues to be a cornerstone 
of our growth and innovation strategy, strengthening Rossari's position as a leading 
solutions provider in the Specialty Chemicals sector. Our R&D capabilities enable us 

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
to meet evolving market needs and offer bespoke solutions, driving growth, creating 
value, and enhancing our reputation for intelligent and sustainable solutions. 
We continue to pioneer intelligent and sustainable solutions across industries, 
enhancing everyday life through our eco-friendly and technology-driven offerings. 
Our focus on innovation and customer-centric solutions enables us to stay ahead of 
industry, delivering value through products that are both high in quality and 
sustainability. 
Meanwhile, our capacity expansion projects across Rossari Biotech, Unitop 
Chemicals & Tristar Intermediates are progressing well, with phased commissioning 
expected over the coming quarters. These investments will enhance manufacturing 
capabilities, improve supply chain agility and position us to serve high growth 
sectors. As these capacities ramp up, they will play a pivotal role in driving our next 
phase of growth. 
Looking ahead, our strategic priorities remain focused on execution, customer-led 
innovation and sustainable value creation. With a strong balance sheet, robust R&D 
capabilities, and enhanced capacities, we are well-positioned to navigate near-term 
challenges and deliver consistent growth while creating long-term value for all 
stakeholders. 
With this, I now invite Mr. Sunil Chari to share additional perspectives on our 
business performance and strategic priorities. 
Sunil Chari: 
Thank you, Mr. Edward, and a warm namaste to everyone. 
Over the past two years, we have built a robust foundation for growth, delivering 
healthy volume expansion, despite a challenging external environment. In Q1 FY26, 
this resilience was reflected in steady top-end growth, supported by traction in our 
HPPC and AHN segments. However, revenue growth over the past two years has 
been tempered by subdued realizations and market dynamics. With stabilizing 
conditions and our expanded capacities nearing commissioning, we are poised to 
unlock stronger operating leverage and deliver more meaningful revenue growth in 
the coming years. 
Our focus remains on strengthening the building blocks of the business, expanding 
our product portfolio, deepening customer relationships and aligning our solutions 
with high growth applications. The strategic initiatives we have undertaken over the 
past few years, particularly in areas like Institutional Cleaning and international 
expansion, are diversifying our revenue base while enhancing our ability to deliver 
growth over the long term.  
Our Institutional Cleaning and Consumer Business continues to evolve as a 
significant opportunity. While the vertical reported a softer performance in Q1, we 
expect it to demonstrate healthy growth on an annual basis as we focus on scaling 
platforms and strengthening the market presence for long-term profitability.  
As part of our international strategy, we are in the process of setting up an overseas 
formulation facility that will serve as a strategic hub for the Southeast Asian markets. 
The proposed facility will enable quicker turnaround times, improved delivery 
schedules and tailored solutions for customers in the region. While the investment is 
relatively modest, it represents an important milestone in strengthening our global 
footprint and demonstrates our commitment to being closer to key markets, 
enhancing customer engagement and building a strong platform for future growth in 
international markets. 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
On the capacity front, our ongoing expansion projects across Rossari Biotech, Unitop 
Chemicals & Tristar Intermediates are progressing in a phased manner. These 
initiatives are aimed at eliminating capacity constraints, improving supply chain 
agility and strengthening our positioning across high-growth sectors. Once fully 
commissioned and operating at optimal utilization levels, these facilities are expected 
to deliver 3x-4x asset turnover, driving operating leverage and margin expansion, 
particularly from FY2027 onwards. 
During Q1, as our CAPEX work was in full steam and following all safety protocols, 
we had to shut certain production operations for 10-12 days intermittently due to hot 
work, erection activities, etc. Hence, production was lower to that extent. We expect 
Q2 to be a stronger quarter. 
To summarize, FY2026 is shaping up as a year of consolidation and capability 
building. With our capacity expansion advancing towards completion, emerging 
vertical strengthening and our international presence expanding, we are creating a 
strong foundation to capture the next phase of growth with enhanced scale, agility 
and resilience. 
Thank you once again for your continued support. I now invite Ketan Ji to share the 
financial highlights for the quarter.  
Ketan Sablok: 
Thank you, Chari Ji, and good evening, everyone. 
In Q1 FY26, our revenue from operations grew by 11.0% YoY to Rs. 543.7 crore, 
driven by steady performance across our HPPC and AHN verticals, despite the 
ongoing global headwinds. On a YoY basis, we grew both in domestic and exports. 
And on a QoQ basis, while domestic was steady, the export sales were soft. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 67.9 crore, up 4.6% YoY, with an EBITDA margin 
of 12.5%, compared to 13.3% in the same quarter last year. The institutional and 
B2C business reported a loss of approximately Rs. 7 crore in Q1, which impacted 
the consolidated margin. Excluding these verticals, our EBITDA stood at Rs. 75 
crore, growing 12% YoY with an adjusted margin of about 16%, reflecting the 
efficiency and resilience in our core operations. As these newer verticals scale over 
a medium term, we expect them to turn margin-accretive and contribute meaningfully 
to the overall expansion by FY27. 
On the CAPEX front, our investments are progressing in a phased manner, with 
commissioning expected in the coming quarters. Funded through a mix of internal 
accruals and debt, these investments are expected to generate 3x-4x asset turns at 
optimal utilizations, driving stronger operating leverage over the medium term.  
Our balance sheet remains healthy with strong liquidity and conservative leverage, 
giving us the flexibility to pursue growth initiatives with discipline. As we move 
through FY26, our focus remains on executing our capacity expansion, maintaining 
margin stability and building a platform for scalable and profitable growth from FY27 
onwards. 
As we move through FY26, our priorities remain clear: execute growth initiatives with 
discipline, maintain margin stability and lay the groundwork for scalable and 
profitable growth. 
With this, I end my opening address. Thank you, everybody and I request the 
moderator to open the floor for questions. 

 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is on the Institutional Cleaning business. What has been the issue 
in terms of, I understand that it is a consumable business. So, why on a sequential 
basis, there is a degrowth in top-line and such a sharp margin contraction? I mean, 
we have reported loss. So, if you could just give us reasons for the same? 
 
And second associated question on the sales. Last quarter, when we had shared our 
presentation, we had talked about Rs. 179 crore of revenues for FY24 and Rs. 299 
crore for FY25. But if I look at the current presentation, the revenues have been Rs. 
159 crore and Rs. 276 crore, respectively. So, is there some billing statement which 
has happened? 
Ketan Sablok: 
This quarter, revenues have been a little soft. I think this drop has been especially 
on the institution’s side, some of these orders are expected to be fulfilled over the 
next couple of quarters. My suggestion would be to look at this business not really 
on a sequential QoQ basis. It would be ideal to look at it a little on a longer-term 
perspective because some of the orders of the institutions are a little phased to 
supply over particular months. 
 
Q1, if you see, generally, our Q1 in this business is not as strong as the subsequent 
quarters, especially Q3, Q4 are the stronger quarters for this business. So, having 
said that, I think we are expecting some good traction in this business in the 
subsequent quarters. Q2 and Q3 specifically should be a more stronger quarter for 
us and on an annualized basis, we are still very optimistic that business will keep 
delivering a healthy growth. And the loss, particularly in this quarter, is primarily on 
account of the lower sales. While some expenses have also gone up on a YoY basis, 
but I think these will get evened out as subsequent quarters, when we report a better 
revenue number. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, the distinction between the numbers, the last quarter and this quarter on the 
institutional? 
Ketan Sablok: 
What was the question exactly, Rohit? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, last quarter, if I look at the presentation, we had given the institutional and B2C 
performance FY24 revenue is Rs. 179 crore and FY25 is Rs. 299 crore. And when I 
look at, on Slide #20, the revenue number for Rossari Professional is Rs. 159 crore 
and Rs. 276 crore. I don't know why there is a discrepancy between the two. 
Ketan Sablok: 
The numbers which come on Page #20, Rohit, are numbers of only the institutional 
and consumer business, while when we report in the earlier slide, which had Rs. 299 
crore, we also include our pet care business in that. The Slide #20 is numbers from 
the subsidiaries. The Buzil Rossari numbers are the numbers in Slide #20, while 
when we report our consumer business, we also add our pet care. So, the pet care 
business last year was roughly about that Rs. 20-odd crore. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Fair enough. That explains. Sir, second question, again, two parts. One, in terms of 
the institutional business, has the investment now been complete in terms of 
manpower and related infrastructure? 
 
And the second part of the question, last year, we did, again, the entire division of 
pet care plus the institutional, a marginal loss. What are we looking at in FY26 in 
terms of whether we will be just breaking even or we are looking at some 2%-3% 
kind of EBITDA margin level profitability? 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. Rohit, in terms of the investments, I think we have done most of the investment 
in terms of the infrastructure. Manpower, we may have a certain increase in this year, 
but I think we are being very cautious in terms of the number of people that's going 
up, but it will definitely be much lower than what we had done in the last year. Last 
year, if you remember, we have added almost 100 people in this business. This year 
will be substantially lower than that. 
 
On an annualized basis, we hope to break even at least on the EBITDA levels in this 
business. But we will have to see how the next few quarters go. But our intention is 
that at least in this year, the losses should be absolutely minimal with healthy top line 
growth by the end of the year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I got a few of them. First question on the EO availability. Now that we are very close 
to commissioning the facility, you are talking of commissioning the facility next 
quarter. How is the EO, are we procured the EO for the expanded capacity now? 
Sunil Chari: 
Namaste, Sanjeshji. The Reliance expansion is delayed, and it may take a few more 
quarters for them to start delivering higher EO. But considering the softness in all 
India consumption of EO, we are able to get more EO than we were getting normally. 
And I think as we ramp up our capacity utilization for the new capacities, by the time 
we are at a good capacity utilization, Reliance EO enhancement should be ready. 
We don't foresee a big issue in that in the next 4 quarters. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
You don't see an issue immediately or going forward.  
Sunil Chari: 
Yes, because, Sanjeshji, we will not be able to use 100% of our capacity in the first 
few quarters. Ramping up will take us some time for us. And by the time we ramp up 
the capacity in the next year, we should have adequate EO. That is what is our 
judgment. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it, but there is no firm commitment as of now from the Reliance side. 
Sunil Chari: 
No. There is no, they have told us in the next year, in the second, third quarter, they 
should give us, their capacity will come on stream, enhanced capacity. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
My second question is on the Unitop. I was just going through the annual report and 
for last year, it appears that there is a significant deterioration in the margin for the 
Unitop, while revenue growth was very healthy at 18%. But if I look at the gross profit 
margin, it has fallen from 22% to 18% and EBITDA margin from double digit to high 
single digit. Now, what has happened last year in the Unitop? And what are the 
measures are we taking to fix them? 
Sunil Chari: 
To give you a small background, Unitop, we acquired, it was around Rs. 300 crore. 
And this is a company which was existing for more than 36 years. In 36 years, they 
had reached Rs. 300 crore. Now when we reached from Rs. 300 crore to now, we 
are at an exit of nearly Rs. 70 crore, and we did Rs. 773 crore last year. This year, 
we may practically be 3x in 3-4 years. 
 
This is something where we put all Unitop products into the Rossari markets, the 
Rossari customers. Whatever business we got from Rossari customers would 
always go through Rossari. And when we do business between Unitop and Rossari, 
it is on a transfer pricing basis. We should not look at Unitop, Tristar as subsidiaries 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 
on a standalone basis. We have to look at consolidated profits of Rossari. We should 
not look at individual balance sheets is my request. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, I appreciate that. But even if I look at it on a consolidated basis, earlier, we were 
talking of margin at around 14%. We are at 12.5% and this is on a lower raw material 
prices, which means that per kg basis, it has only fallen further. What explains the 
margin contraction on a consol basis then? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No. So, Sanjesh, if you see the margin excluding the consumer business, they have 
again come back to that 14%-15%-16% kind of level. This quarter, in fact, we were 
at almost 16% if we remove the consumer business loss that has come in. Last year 
also, on an annualized basis, we were at about 15-odd percent for the full year. So 
our margins have consistently improved YoY in spite of the fact that the institutional 
consumer business earlier was hardly a major factor. But now with a Rs. 300 crore 
annual run rate of last year, it is becoming a significant portion of our overall sales. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, I appreciate that but again, revenue growth is also driven by that segment itself, 
right? Otherwise, revenue hasn't been growing at that clip. Now, overall EBITDA, if I 
look at it, we have managed to grow only 5% this year YoY basis. So, that still 
remains muted. I understand the challenge on the export market, but the growth 
appears to be have significantly subdued versus what we were anticipating earlier. 
Sunil Chari: 
Sanjeshji, I think we should be happy with the fantastic performance of our B2B 
business. And we also have mentioned in our comments that we had some days of 
stoppage intermittently for nearly 10-12 days at our sites for expansion. So, when 
we do welding or when you do anything which is related to heat, we, of course, have 
to stop our production. We lost some production that way, and that is why also you 
would see. But the EBITDA percentage now for the B2B business is amazingly good. 
I think we should be happy about this. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, I am happy about it. I am just trying to understand that what has led to a slower 
growth. Nothing takes away from a good performance, what we have delivered. Just 
trying to decipher this and have the growth from here. 
Ketan Sablok: 
If you see, Sanjesh, our core business QoQ has been down by about                    
Rs. 25 - Rs. 30 crore compared to the Q4 of last year. I think as Mr. Chari said, we 
had about 10 days of intermittent closures in our facility because of the new reactors 
being put in. We lost about 7-10 days of production and that impacted the overall 
exports where some of the planned orders we could not dispatch, and we are 
planning to make up for that in the 2nd Quarter. We are expecting the 2nd Quarter 
run rate to be much better. 
Sunil Chari: 
And Sanjeshji, to add to what Ketan sir said, we should compare 1st Quarter of last 
year and 1st Quarter of this year. This will be an apple-to-apple comparison where 
we have grown 11% even in volumes. The volume growth has been 11%, top line 
growth has been 11% compared to last year. And even our EBITDA on the B2B side, 
our core business, is better than 1st Quarter of FY25.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes. That's clear, sir. One question on the textile side. It's been 2-3 years that we 
have been struggling on that segment. But if I look at the competition, after we 
reported subsidiary number for last year, they have grown quite healthy and that's 
been the case for the last 2 years. Are we losing the market share in the textile 
chemical in Indian business? 
Edward Menezes: 
Yes, Sanjesh. From our point of view, the textile chemicals business is quite steady. 
The textile business also increased in volumes YoY, this year also, whereas value-
wise, we had some export shipments which got delayed this year because of the 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 
delay in the logistics. So, that got reversed because the BLs were not received. So, 
that's the only negative 5%-7% that got negative there. Otherwise, Textile is on track. 
Overall, textile production in the industry was flat for the 1st Quarter, but we are also 
on par with the YoY growth over there. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Just one last question. How do we see revenue growth and EBITDA growth for next 
2 years? 
Ketan Sablok: 
I think as we had said on an annual basis, we expect to do a mid-double-digit, 14%-
15% kind of growth, both on the top line as well as on the EBITDA front. Q2, as I 
said earlier, should be a much stronger quarter for us because we will have the Agri 
also going out in full flow and some of the export orders, which we missed out in this 
quarter, I think we would be fulfilling all those sales in Q2. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
We will be holding on to the margin this year. I thought we will drive some operating 
leverage, right? The employee cost is largely done, and we are cutting losses in the 
institutional. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Sorry? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I thought EBITDA we can grow faster because we are now done with the investment 
in the employee cost, our losses in the institutional business is reducing. EBITDA 
ideally should grow faster than the revenue, right? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, it should grow, but we are still being a little cautious because pricing is still a 
challenge for us. Some of the raw material prices have come down, and we expect 
that some of that we will have to give up in the coming quarters. We will just see how 
it plays out. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prachi Badade from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prachi Badade: 
Sir, under the non-EO-based category, what product categories are we focusing on? 
And what is the market size? And what growth rate do we expect going forward? 
Who all are the competitors and others? And in the next 2-3 years, what kind of 
revenue contribution do we expect from this? 
Sunil Chari: 
Namaste. On the non-EO side, we have mostly surfactants and these are 
surfactants, which include Esters, which include Acrylic Polymers, which include 
other Polymers based on different Monomers, which we do. This also includes 
Methyl Esters of vegetable oils. These are basically grown in a good way even after 
our EO quota being nearly normally same as the last year. 
 
The competitors in this segment are basically all the similar competitors which exist 
for our normal and these are global majors, which are there. And these are good 
companies who focus and normally, the products we are focusing are all green 
chemistries. Most of these are products where there is practically zero effluent and 
are considered green and futuristic in nature. We expect these non-EO products, 
which are there to go into Agro, to go into Home and Personal care, but also this 
could go into oil and gas, to pharma, and to paints and coatings. These would be the 
primary focus. 
Prachi Badade: 
I have one more question on the export business. You have said that Southeast Asia, 
you are opening up a smaller facility. What kind of CAPEX are we expecting in this? 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Ketan Sablok: 
The CAPEX, which is coming up in, outside the formulation, it is a very small 
investment, between Rs. 15 crore - Rs. 20 crore. And to start with, it will be a very 
small outgo. We will start doing some formulation activities over there. And then as 
the business grows and we see the market acceptance, then we will keep adding 
some more CAPEX to that. But to start with, it is going to be a smaller one. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pratik Oza from Systematix. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Oza: 
Sir, can you share the EBITDA margins of our subsidiaries in this quarter? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Pratik, we don't think we should see the margin specifically company-wise as Mr. 
Chari just spoke about it in an earlier question. It would be good to see on a 
consolidated level because each of the companies, Rossari, Unitop, Tristar,  there is 
a lot of movement of products within the companies at a transfer pricing. Ideally, it 
would not be really making sense for us to look at the individual company margin 
levels. But having said that, I think both Unitop and Tristar have a double-digit kind 
of EBITDA. 
Pratik Oza: 
Sir, another question is on the exports. I think for this quarter, exports were relatively 
lower sequentially. What is the reason for that? And are things improving there? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. This quarter, I think we could not fulfill a couple of orders we had in hand 
because of material availability in light of the fact that our plant had to be 
intermittently closed for a few days as the new equipments were getting set up. This 
being an EO-related facility, there are certain safety protocols, which we need to 
follow. So, we had to cut down on production. I think much of those lost volumes will 
get done in the 2nd Quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rajit Aggarwal from Nilgiri Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
I have two questions, one on the export side again. Going forward, what should be 
the run rate? I mean, should we consider Rs. 160 crore as a quarterly run rate for 
this year and the next year? Or will it be lower? And I am sorry; I missed the initial 
part of the conversation. So, if you could share the exact exports number for Q1? 
Ketan Sablok: 
In Q1, the exports was about Rs. 139 crore and we expect on an annualized basis, 
exports to be around 27%-28% of the overall turnover. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
And on Ethylene Oxide, you mentioned that the availability has improved. Are you 
buying from somebody else also except Reliance? Who are the other suppliers to 
you? 
Sunil Chari: 
Reliance is the only supplier for Ethylene Oxide. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
So, they have increased their supply to you in this quarter, and they will increase 
going forward as well. 
Sunil Chari: 
Yes. Probably a little better than previous year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Sarda from Systematix. Please go 
ahead. 
Vijay Sarda: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand two broader questions. One is on the overall, like 
once your CAPEX comes in, so we will start having the facility on stream from Q2 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 
onwards. Next year, would we be in a position to use full of that or at least it will spill 
over to FY28 when we can see the full benefit of this CAPEX flowing in? The kind of 
gross asset turn that you are talking about, would we be able to see in FY27 or 
FY28? 
Sunil Chari: 
The enhanced EO will be available mostly from September, October 2026. So, I think 
it will be spillover and we can see good capacity utilization in the year FY28 and as 
we said, 3- 4 years only we take to ramp up to 100% capacity. 
Vijay Sarda: 
And sir, you talked about some CAPEX on the basically overseas CAPEX that you 
talked about. So, that is only Rs. 15 crore that you talked about or that is a bigger 
thing that we are looking, contemplating at this point of time? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No. At least to start with, as we said that it is going to be around that number. 
Vijay Sarda: 
When it will be, sir? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, depending on how it shapes up, how the market is, then how logistics, etc., how 
it works from there. And then if it works out well, we have plans to further expand 
that. 
Vijay Sarda: 
And this will be majorly, as you said, you will be doing some formulation and all that. 
So, not the full-fledged CAPEX that you are looking, but it is an initial CAPEX? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, it is only to start with, it is a formulation setup. 
Vijay Sarda: 
And just last thing on this B2B business. At what point of time where we start 
breaking even? And is there any some target at Rs. 100 crore kind of sales, we will 
be able to break even or something of that sort. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. I think, as I said earlier, our target is that by the end of this year, our losses 
should come down substantially. We will have to just see how the next 2 quarters 
go. If they go well, then we could even break even in this year. But definitely, by next 
year, we should be in a position to break even on the EBITDA levels. 
Vijay Sarda: 
And just last thing, sir, this B2B, what is our kind of a target to get to in revenue mix, 
B2C and B2B, what is our target kind of going forward for next 2-3 years, where we 
see this B2B business going up? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Vijay, we don't have a target like that. We want to grow both our businesses. 
Definitely, the investments are happening in the B2B business. Over the next 2-3 
years, the B2B business will definitely grow at a much faster pace once the EO 
availability comes in next year and then post that, our capacity start reaching their 
optimal utilization. There is no fixed ratio between how much should be B2C and how 
much should be B2B. Both will keep growing and both are different businesses. They 
will grow at their own pace. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pranav Doshi from Ardeko Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Doshi: 
My first question is on the non-EO-based chemistry. So, like what percent of our total 
revenue currently or the total HPPC revenue come from these chemistries? 
Sunil Chari: 
Namaste. We do not have any breakup on non-EO and EO. We don't do any break-
up. There are so many products when we make formulations, there is EO and non-
EO in it. It is practically impossible for us to do the breakup in this. 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Pranav Doshi: 
And like who would be our major competitors in this business? You mentioned that 
there are a lot of global names, but can you give one or two of our competitors who 
are directly competing with us? 
Sunil Chari: 
The competition is all the global majors, who are the big global majors like Dow, 
BASF, Lubrizol, INEOS, Nouryon, Sasol, Stepan. So, these are the big ones who 
are global majors everywhere in the world. So, these are companies which come in. 
But there are some Indian companies also. Clariant is another one, which has a good 
non-EO portfolio. Huntsman is another one. Indorama is there. It is a combination of 
many companies and even China is there. I think these are all non-EO global major 
companies. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And sir, just YoY, even like our other expenses, they are up by around 20%. So, is 
that mainly because of the investments in our industrial business, industrial 
cleaning? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. So, if you see YoY, our other expenses have gone up by roughly about Rs. 12 
crore. I think almost 50% of this is on account of the Institutional Business. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And sir, just one more question. So, like given our investments in the business, so I 
wasn't able to understand why did we degrow YoY, even QoQ in the Q1, like 
especially YoY. 
Ketan Sablok: 
You are talking about the Institutional Consumer business? 
Pranav Doshi: 
Yes, the Institutional business, yes. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. I think YoY, we didn't see any degrowth. We actually saw a QoQ decline in 
terms of revenue. And I think, as I said earlier, let's not look at it on a QoQ basis. 
There are certain orders, especially in the institutional front, which happen on specific 
periods. On an annualized basis, we are still very optimistic this business will deliver 
healthy growth compared to what we did last year. About Rs. 300 crore we have 
done last year. We are still optimistic that on an annualized basis, we will see some 
good growth coming in this business. A quarter could be a little exceptional, but let's 
look at it on a longer-term basis. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And sir, what would be our gross margins in this business, the Institutional business? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Gross margins are closer to, I think, 30%. They would range between 28% to 30%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rajit Aggarwal from Nilgiri Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Sir, one question on exports again. Could you provide the geographical breakup 
between, let's say, America, Europe and Asia? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Offhand, I may not have, but I think our large export markets are Latin America, 
Europe and Southeast Asia, and we are also now doing substantial exports in the 
Middle Eastern bloc. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
And the decline in the exports would have been across the geographies or was it 
specific to one geography by any chance? 
Sunil Chari: 
It will be across all geographies because the product availability was not there. 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Edward Menezes: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you 
once again for taking the time to join us on this call, and good evening. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
