 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
1st Floor, Times Tower, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400 013 
CIN: L72900MH1995PLC095642 | T: +91 22 4090 4242 | F: +91 22 2491 5217 | E: cs@proteantech.in | W: www.proteantech.in 
Ref: Protean/Secretarial/2025-26/44 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 544021 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051, India  
Trading symbol: PROTEAN 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript - Earnings Conference Call on Company’s Operational and 
Financial Performance for Q1FY26 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation to 
our letter dated August 1, 2025, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call on Company’s Operational and Financial Performance for Q1FY26, held on 
Thursday, August 7, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Maulesh Kantharia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS 9637 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
protean 
Maulesh 
Jagat 
Kantharia.
Digitally signed by 
Maulesh Jagat 
Kantharia. 
Date: 2025.08.12 
16:37:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
 
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH SETHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SANDEEP MANTRI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MS. PUSHPA MANI – VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Protean eGov Technologies Limited Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pushpa Mani, Vice President and Head of Investor 
Relations from Protean. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Pushpa Mani. 
Pushpa Mani: 
Thanks, Hamshad. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q1 FY'26 results 
discussion. You must have received the results and the investor presentation of our company, 
which is available on BSE and NSE as well as on the company's website. As usual, we will start 
the forum with the opening remarks by our Managing Director, followed by CFO and then we 
will open the floor for the question-and-answer session. If any of your questions remain 
unanswered, you may reach out to us afterwards. 
The management on today's call would be represented by Mr. Suresh Sethi, Managing Director; 
Mr. Sandeep Mantri, CFO; and myself, Ms. Pushpa Mani, Head IR. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements in today's discussion may 
be forward-looking in nature, and we believe that the expectations contained in these statements 
are reasonable. However, these statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may 
lead to different results. 
With this, I invite our MD, Mr. Suresh Sethi to address all of you. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Suresh Sethi: 
Thank you, Pushpa. Good afternoon, everyone, and many thanks for joining us today. I am 
pleased to share that Protean eGov Technologies Limited has started FY'26 on a strong note. We 
have delivered resilient financial and operational performance in the first quarter. We continue 
to work closely with the government and the society in building inclusive, mission-critical and 
citizen scale digital public infrastructure for the welfare of the citizens. 
Let me start with the overall financial overview for the quarter. I'm pleased to report that our 
revenue from operations grew by 7% year-on-year to INR 211 crores, driven primarily by the 
strong performance of our central recordkeeping services business for NPS, APY and UPS. We 
had continued gains in market share in our tax services business, and there were strategic 
mandates that we received during this quarter. 
Our EBITDA grew by 31% year-on-year to INR 45 crores, translating into EBITDA margin 
expansion by 284 basis points to 18.8%. Profit after tax also demonstrated healthy growth of 
13% year-on-year to INR 24 crores, resulting in a PAT margin of 10% in Q1 FY'26. 
Our financial position remains robust with a strong balance sheet that provides us with 
significant flexibility to drive future growth. As on 30th June, 2025, we have over INR 800 
crores in cash and cash equivalents and a net debt-free status. This gives us agility to invest 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
strategically in opportunities that align with our growth objectives, while maintaining a prudent 
approach to capital management. 
Coming to key business highlights. I'm delighted to share that Protean continues to strengthen 
its position as a trusted DPI builder for the nation. We are pleased to share that a significant 
achievement for the quarter for us was an initiative by IRDAI to create a unified digital 
marketplace for insurance in India. We secured an INR 100 crore mandate from Bima Sugam 
India Federation. 
This initiative will pave the foundation for a first of its kind insurance digital public 
infrastructure for the country. We have received the mandate to develop, integrate and maintain 
the Bima Sugam platform. This win again builds on our legacy of delivering mission-critical 
national platforms and significantly expands our footprint into the insurance domain. 
Protean issued a statement of intent with NITI Aayog on 15th July, 2025 to strengthen financial 
inclusion by promoting literacy and APY adoption. This again marks the beginning of a key 
strategic alignment to further strengthen pension penetration, specifically among the 
marginalized sections of the society. We'll spearhead initiatives to educate shareholders, 
stakeholders and conduct targeted outreach programs in 64 aspirational districts. 
Tax services continued to perform well with a 2% year-on-year revenue growth. We gained 
approximately 80 basis points in market share, increasing from 58.2% in Q4 FY'25 to 59% in 
Q1 FY'26. During the quarter, we issued 1 crore PAN cards, with 54% issuances being paperless. 
We continue to build our leadership in the CRA business with a 16% year-on-year revenue 
growth in quarter 1. Importantly, we added 32.4 lakh new subscribers, capturing 98% share in 
new additions and also onboarded 753 corporates, further expanding our reach. Our leadership 
position remains robust with a dominant 97% market share across NPS and APY, reinforcing 
our position as a trusted CRA partner. 
In line with our proven ability to deliver at scale, we successfully developed and deployed the 
unified pension scheme platform for the central government in record time. Launched on April 
1, 2025, UPS offers an assured pension option under NPS. And as the primary CRA, we've been 
managing its end-to-end implementation. As of June 30th, we've onboarded 19,000 accounts, 
demonstrating our ability to deliver large-scale projects efficiently and effectively. 
Our Identity Services segment saw robust volume growth across most products, driven by 
increasing demand for digital identity solutions. However, revenue was impacted by slab-based 
pricing and competitive pricing pressures at the foundational level. Despite this, we are 
encouraged by the growing traction of our value-added offerings, such as eSignPro and RISE 
with Protean, which are well positioned to benefit from the next phase of Digital India. These 
innovative solutions are designed to meet the evolving needs of our customers. 
We are also pleased to report that our RFP-led business pipeline is gaining significant traction 
with our current order book exceeding INR 300 crores. This order book constitutes of CERSAI 
CKYCRR 2.0, Bima Sugam and other mandates in ID services and other businesses. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
We are also thrilled to have received industry recognition for our branding and communication 
initiatives, winning 2 awards at the ET Brand Disruption Awards 2025. These accolades position 
us as a leader in the DPI space, reflecting our commitment to excellence in branding and 
communication. 
In conclusion, I'd like to state that Protean has a strong positioning across core citizen services 
and emerging digital public infrastructure. We continue to contribute strongly at a foundational 
level, at the identity level, across KYC. And this, combined with our robust balance sheet, strong 
cash position, growing RFP pipeline and strong execution capabilities, position us well to drive 
future growth and create long-term value for our stakeholders. I'd like to thank our team for their 
dedication and our investors for their continued support. 
With this, I would like to hand over to Sandeep Mantri, our CFO, to share the financials with 
you. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Thank you, Suresh, and good evening, everyone. As I begin, I would like to take a moment to 
highlight the broader trend shaping the digital infrastructure landscape in India. The government 
continued focus on digitization with Digital India initiative, Atmanirbhar Bharat and the rapid 
adoption of digital public infrastructure, coupled with significant investment in emerging 
technologies is driving demand for mission-critical digital services. 
This macro backdrop presents a favorable environment for companies like Protean with 
expertise in delivering population scale e-governance projects and building digital public 
infrastructure for India. 
I'm pleased to share that our quarter 1 performance aligned with this trend with growth across 
our key businesses. We have maintained healthy margin and delivered consistent profitability, 
driven by the sustained strength in our CRA and tax business and initial contribution from our 
strategic win in new businesses. 
Let me now take you through the financial performance for Q1 FY'26. Revenue from operations 
stood at INR 211 crores, which is an increase of 7% year-on-year compared to INR 197 crores 
in Q1FY'25, which is last year. 
EBITDA for this quarter stood at INR 45 crores, which is 31% growth on a Y-o-Y basis and 
from INR 34 crores in Q1FY '25 and up 30% Q-o-Q from INR 34 crores in Q4 FY '25. EBITDA 
margin stood at 18.8% in Q1 FY'26. When we talk about profit after tax, profit after tax stood at 
INR 24 crores in Q1 FY'26, which is an increase of 13.1% on a Y-o-Y basis, with PAT margin 
of 10%. 
Moving to business performance. Tech services revenue stood at INR 100 crores, which is 2% 
growth on a Y-o-Y basis, while we gained 80 basis point market share from 58.2% in Q4FY '25 
to 59% in Q1FY'26. I would also like to highlight that on a Y-o-Y basis, the market share gain 
has been a whopping 5% from 54% in last year to 59% in this quarter. Around 1 crore PAN 
cards were issued during the quarter. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
When we talk about CRA business, the revenue increased by 16% on a Y-o-Y basis from INR 
66 crores in Q1 FY'25 to INR 76 crores in Q1FY'26. As mentioned by Suresh, we added 32.4 
lakh new subscribers during the quarter, capturing more than 98% market share in the new 
subscriber and our cumulative market share is also more or less equal to the same number. 
When we talk about identity services, we recorded revenue of INR 24 crores, which is down 
14% on a Y-o-Y basis and flat on a sequential basis. However, the number of transactions saw 
a robust growth across most of the ID products. The decline in revenue was primarily due to 
slab-based pricing and pricing pressure to some extent at the foundational level. 
If we talk about new businesses, the revenue stood at INR 11 crores, which is up from INR 6 
crores in Q1FY'25. We have started booking revenue from some of the key RFP we won in the 
last year. As mentioned by Suresh, a key development this quarter was our strategic INR 100 
crore RFP mandate from Bima Sugam India Federation to build a first of its kind digital public 
infrastructure in the insurance sector. 
These RFP mandates are a significant milestone in our journey, and our order book from such 
mandate stood at about INR 300 crores. The RFP gives us healthy forward visibility and will 
begin contributing meaningfully to revenues in the coming quarter. Additionally, we have a 
healthy pipeline of these RFPs in the DPI space. 
From a financial position standpoint, we are extremely strong. We have asset-light business 
model with a strong cash flow, and we have cash and cash equivalent of more than INR 800 
crores as on 30th June, 2025. We continue to operate with 0 debt, no debt on our balance sheet, 
which gives us the flexibility to invest in emerging opportunities, while maintaining the financial 
stability. 
With that, I conclude my remarks, and we would be happy to take your question. Thank you 
very much. Over to operator. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Kapadia Financial Services. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end. If I were to look at revenues, they are up 7%. Suresh despite 
the low base of last year, and if I were to look at the last year base, the rest of the year also had 
very muted revenue growth. So for FY'26, can we expect this revenue momentum to continue 
and revenue growth? Some color, if you could give, should be high double-digit, it could be very 
high double-digit? What kind of revenue growth looks possible for this year? 
And secondly, employee expenses are up 40% this quarter. So what is leading to this increase? 
Is it just the number addition for the employees? Is it annual hikes? If you could give some 
insight, that would be helpful. Those are my 2 questions. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Sure. Prakash, thank you for your question. Your first question on revenue, what kind of growth 
we are looking at for the year. So, while we don’t give guidance, but we see a healthy revenue 
growth in quarters to come mainly due to RFP-based revenue, where we have INR 300 crore 
order book which we won this year, is yet to play in the revenues. This will deliver significant 
growth to our revenue book. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
And another thing is that even in CRA, which is a more annuity-based revenue, if the subscriber 
base grows, the revenue start kicking in, and it is an annuity revenue which will remain for the 
foreseeable future. So as far as revenue is concerned, we are pretty confident that we will deliver 
a good growth in this year for sure. 
And, to answer your second question on employees, see, there are 2-3 reasons, which is basically 
resulting growth in employee expenses. One is the project-based hiring, which is basically for 
these RFP-led businesses, which is the revenue for those businesses which are yet to kick in, but 
we have started hiring to deliver those projects. And therefore, there is some increase in 
employee expenses to some extent because of that. 
Second thing is because of increment, which we delivered in this quarter. Therefore, you will 
see some increase because of increment. And third is, last year we started strengthening our 
leadership team for the company. And now we have a very robust, stable leadership team. And 
because last year it was partial, this year it will be full cost for some of those leaders. So these 
are the 3 primary reasons for increase in employee expenses. 
Having said that, I think the level will remain more or less same, except the RFP project-based 
hiring, which we continue to do so, depending on winning various projects, as we are in various 
stages of discussion for many of the pipelines, as we talked about. I hope this answers your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset Managers. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Sir, one question on the part of your, like, reporting. Like if I see last year your presentation, 
then you were like, say, the EBITDA numbers were INR35-odd crores -- INR45-odd crores and 
this time around it is INR35 crores. I know that you have took for that ECL provisioning.  
But if I adjust for that, then your EBITDA without other income is down 37% year-over-year 
and your margins are 7.8% if I exclude the other income. And on the net cash side, this net cash, 
or like cash, that has been there for the last 3 years. So even 3 years back, it was INR800-odd 
crores. 
So entire of the EBITDA, the reported EBITDA based on your presentation, is driven by the 
other income. But if I see net of other income, your margins are 7.8% vis-a-vis 13.3% last year. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
No, so I kind of agree with you that our margins are a bit low as compared to whatever we see. 
But if you see last year, it is not 13.3%. Ultimately, whatever ECL provisioning we are doing is 
also part of business. And I would not exclude that when I'm computing EBITDA. So more or 
less, I think our EBITDA remained in the range of between 7.5% to 8% for last year quarter and 
last quarter, and also this quarter. 
So, while we are putting lot of measures to bring growth in the EBITDA percentage, and that 
will start delivering the results maybe in 1 or 2 quarters. There are many automation efforts 
which are going on in the company. And you would see some sort of increase in EBITDA 
percentage going forward, probably from Q3 or Q4. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
I'm just referring to your presentation, last year presentation. Your last year presentation clearly 
mentioned that adjusted EBITDA is INR 45 crores. And this quarter, you are showing the same 
EBITDA at INR35 crores. So there should be consistency on the recovery side? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So we will be consistent with this approach now. We will not be changing any calculation as far 
as EBITDA is concerned. I think this is the calculations you are going to see going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan M. from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, I just want to understand on the international business, we had won a couple of projects 
earlier. So, any further updates on the project wins there? And how should one look at the 
revenues in this year from the international business? 
Suresh Sethi: 
So Rohan, we had indicated earlier that we had started executing in education, DPI in Morocco. 
So we are doing part of the execution and the revenues which are accruing from that project are 
getting sort of accrued and they are showing in the numbers and they will continue to show in 
the next quarter also. 
The second project for us was Ethiopia. Again, the project is under implementation and revenue 
recognition will be coming through. As Sandeep mentioned, just like domestic, some of the 
international businesses will also start reflecting the numbers in the coming quarter and onward. 
Other than that, we are at a stage where we have around 3 or 4 projects in which we have been 
shortlisted and are at the final stages. We should be able to give you more visibility on the same 
by next quarter. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. And in terms of the new business initiatives that we have and INR 300 crores of pipeline 
at least that is there, so what is the realistic revenues that we can book in FY '26 and '27 out of 
these? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So out of INR 300 crore pipeline, which is more a turnkey project pipeline, so I'm just keeping 
aside the new businesses. I'm just talking about the order book, which is pertaining to turnkey 
project. Out of INR 300 crores, I guess, about 1/3 of that revenue should be booked in this, which 
is current order book. If we win more orders in future, then it will be added to the revenue pool. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. And thirdly, sir, on the processing charges, how should one look at it incrementally? Like 
PAN business clearly contributes a good amount of the processing charges. But with the new 
businesses coming in, what proportion of the processing charges will flow from new businesses? 
What kind of metrics should we compare it with? Would it be fair to have a certain ratio of total 
revenues? Or only certain businesses will have a contribution of -- contribution to processing 
charges? Some clarity around that would be helpful. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
It will be varying business to business. Maybe when you do modeling, you can have a one-on-
one talk with our IR team and they can give a better guidance, but it will be varying from business 
to business. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
On an overall basis, you should assume more or less about the same kind of processing direct 
expenses to revenue. It is about 36%-37% of revenues. You should assume more or less same if 
you are doing a modeling on an overall basis. But if you are doing modeling for individual 
businesses, then you should get in touch with IR team. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. And sir, with the PAN 2.0 project allocated already, the announcement is there in the 
media, any further clarity we have on the role that Protean can play? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
I think we have stated enough in the past also. And the clarity which we gave earlier, remains 
the same, we are where we were earlier also. So I think it will be more or less same. PAN 2.0, 
we have talked a lot in the past also. I think it is the same situation right now. We are not in ... 
Rohan Mandora: 
So on the distribution leg of it, we are still awaiting further details? 
Suresh Sethi: 
No, no. Rohan, we are there. We continue to run the business, as we said earlier. The mandate 
given by us to ITD remains as is. So no change. And the distribution business and today, the 
issuance business as is -- continues to be run as is. There is no change to it. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Right. And not in the current setting, but I was more asking from the point of view, once the 
PAN 2.0 goes live, what happens then? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So, as we stated earlier also, it will depend a lot on citizens' behaviour and how distribution plays 
in. So, that is the visibility we had in past. We have the same visibility. Having said that, as we 
stated, we are bidding for a lot of DPI-related projects, which can be far bigger than many other 
DPIs. So I think we are looking more on a forward basis and focusing more on businesses which 
can lead us to next level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham from SiMPL. 
Shubham: 
Yes. My first question was, so the order we received for Bima Sugam and CERSAI, and the 
whole order book that we have. So just kind of mandates, when will they start commercializing 
and have we already booked some revenue in this quarter? Will we start booking the revenue in 
this financial year? 
And what kind of margins can we expect from these mandates? Will the margins be like high 
singl- digit, mid-teens? What kind of margins can we see there? And similarly, what are the 
other areas or the mandates that we are actively pursuing right now to drive growth? That is my 
first question. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Okay. So, to answer your question, in this quarter, there no significant revenue from these large 
projects. I think from Q2 and fully from Q3 onwards, we should start booking revenues in this 
project, and therefore, you will see uptick in revenue on account of that. 
To answer your question on margin, I think these are government projects and margin will be 
mid-teen type -- mid-teen digit, which is what we are expecting. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
And to your last question, Shubham, naturally, we continue to look out and participate in large-
scale DPI projects, as I mentioned earlier. So our core focus naturally has been at the 
foundational level. 
So, anything to do with identity, which is where we are seeing the play we have today with 
CERSAI because which effectively is the central KYC pool for all the 4 BFSI regulators. So it's 
a very foundational construct and a foundational stack that we are working on. Bima Sugam is 
a big foray into the insurance industry, again, in the BFSI space. 
Other than that, we are naturally doing work and looking at allied work in the space of data 
sharing, which is whether it is the business we run as a B2B business under account aggregator 
or some of the work we've done while building the agri DPI for the Government of India, where 
we build the entire consent and the data sharing framework and architecture. So these are areas 
we continue to remain focused on and looking for future growth. 
Shubham: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. My next question was that historically, we used to earn operational margins 
like around 20%. And if we see like year-on-year gradually since FY '18, it has just been 
decreasing and like it has dropped to almost 8% to 10%. 
So my question was that what has changed in the last 5 to 10 years that our margins have 
significantly dropped? Is it just mainly because we are not able to achieve scale and revenue 
growth? Or are there other factors as well that has eroded our margins over these years? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So, I think, Shubham, the margin story is basically as you are aware, we are building a lot of 
new products. And there is a lot of investment which is going into these new products. And that 
is one of the primary reasons, because the revenue is yet to kick in, and we have spent good 
amount in developing some of those IPs. Once the revenues start kicking in, then you will see 
that the margins also start improving. 
Shubham: 
Okay. But like apart from, let's say, our identity services business where we are facing pricing 
pressures, our other businesses also -- is it like in the last 5, 10 years... 
Sandeep Mantri: 
We are in a competitive industry. So pricing pressure is going to remain. Having said that, that 
maybe one of the reasons... 
Shubham: 
Yes, that is for -- I mean to ask for our other businesses also in 5 to 10 years, is it like price like 
realizations have gone down or even like some pricing pressure has been there... 
Sandeep Mantri: 
I don't think -- the primary reason is because we are putting a lot of these technology expenses 
in these new initiatives or new products. Therefore, for a short run, you will see some contraction 
in margin. But on a long-term basis, once the revenues from even a couple of these products 
start kicking in, you will see immediate uptick in margins. 
Shubham: 
These products... 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Suresh Sethi: 
I will also further add to it that when you look at the product lines that we've chosen, which are 
very closely working on the app layer above the DPI, so which is basically providing consumer 
and corporate enterprise solutions for consumption of various governance services.  
Most of these, including in the ID space, are going to be very SaaS-driven businesses. So they 
will have an annuity component to it, and there'll be recurring revenues, and they are not like 
turnkey projects. 
So if you see the company is like working on 2 fronts. On one side, we will keep looking for 
large-scale national projects, which will come under RFPs where you'll have turnkey revenues 
coming in. And the other side is building the strong muscle of creating product-based solutions, 
which are equally important because one leads to the other. 
As you get capability and competence in building the national infrastructure, your ability to then 
expose APIs and build solutions on top is further strengthened. And that is where we are 
investing in technology and people. And as Sandeep rightly said, it's more ahead of the curve 
investment, which will lead to a very well-defined SaaS-based revenues for the company going 
forward. 
Shubham: 
Okay. Just a follow-up on this, if I can ask. So as you mentioned, like we have been investing. 
So we have been also making a lot of investments in the open digital ecosystem that we have 
been building. So I just wanted to ask, so like I think maybe 1 year or so ago, we were very 
optimistic about ONDC itself. 
But then after that, we have no news when the fees will start on ONDC and we would get 
additional revenue or, let's say, recurring revenue from there as well. So how confident you are 
that in all these different open digital ecosystems where we are putting forward investments, like 
maybe in the next 3 years, 5 years, like can it become a significant part of our revenue stream? 
Like how confident you are of that? Like what is our thought process around it? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Yes. I think, Rohan, if we put 10 products on the block, not all the products will go on the same 
path. But we are very confident, and we were saying this again and again that our new businesses 
out of which products will deliver what, as of now, it is very premature to say. But again, we are 
reiterating that our new businesses will contribute at least 25% to 30% in next 3 years' time line. 
We are committed to that. 
Shubham: 
Yes. So I mean to ask about only the digital ecosystem because those have not really been started 
monetizing, like apart from the fee that we get, like the platform fee or the main monetization 
part has still not started for any system yet. So I was asking per se that, like what do you think 
about that? 
Suresh Sethi: 
No, no, I think, if you look at it, we'll have to take both a macro and a micro view over here. 
Initiatives like ONDC are national initiatives. We've seen the success of UPI as a payments DPI 
for the country, and it has its own cycle. So I'm not comparing cycles also. But at times, you 
might find that the growth to create a national adoption and consumer behavior change will take 
some time. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
But we do still believe that whatever journey India is taking in building strong DPIs across 
multiple sectors will have significant opportunity of unlocking the digital economy. And today, 
we clearly know that our digital economy is growing at twice the rate of our regular economy. 
So these are large bets. Wherever we are working on a turnkey basis, yes, we are getting the 
turnkey RFP revenues kicking in as we deploy the solutions. But when you look at adoption and 
actual use of these digital rails by enterprise and consumers, that is something on which the 
ecosystem will have to play. And that is a slightly longer term game, where as you rightly said, 
it will be a time line of 2 to 3 years where you see the scaling up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vineet from Share Giant. 
Vineet: 
First of all, I would like to congratulate the management for the delivering a very steady and a 
strong set of performance in a challenging environment. And in this regards, I would like to ask 
a question. 
Like my first question is that you have won some RFPs like milestone RFP like eKYC 2.0 and 
Bima Sugam, which seems to me to be a very like pathbreaking kind of a step. So if you can 
elaborate the kind of potential these initiatives can bring to the company maybe 5 year’s time, 
10 years down the line because these are new areas of growth, that would be very good for me, 
if you can give some light on this? 
Suresh Sethi: 
Sure, Vineet. Vineet, as I earlier said that these are, again, very foundational DPIs that have been 
built for the country. CKYC clearly is a big intervention, which was done a few years back by 
the 4 regulators coming together. 
And the intent at this stage is to revamp the entire tech stack for creating a much more seamless 
central KYC database and the best of technology in terms of data matching, data de-duplication, 
face authentication and other areas is being put in place, which will create a very, very huge 
economy for the entire economy and efficiency for the entire BFSI sector. 
So we see this very foundational. It's a turnkey project for us at this stage, where we are 
revamping, designing and putting it across the new stack. But it will unlock a lot of value because 
you will be seeing that the way financial institutions do KYC and onboard customers, this will 
give it a significant uptick. And that is another area we will see as an allied and related areas in 
which we can then build enterprise solutions to leverage the central KYC stack. 
Bima Sugam clearly is, I think, the first large-scale foray into building a digital public 
infrastructure to support the entire insurance industry, right from insurers, insured and the entire 
ecosystem coming together on one strong digital race. And we know there are multiple insurance 
products which are out there. 
So creating that transparency, bringing the entire ability to put it together, digitization of policies 
and the ability to link the entire insurance DPI into an open network where you are also supported 
by other foundational DPIs of identity, of health, because all these will become input parameters 
into an open network to provide better and more customized and personalized insurance. So 
ultimately, the consumer will be a huge winner based on that. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So again, once these rails are in place, we will naturally see a plethora of enterprise products and 
services coming into play, which will leverage the central stack to be able to provide a better 
insurance experience and better insurance computation in terms of whatever premiums you are 
paying, they will be far more personalized and customized going forward. 
So we see a huge opportunity at an ecosystem level. So these are not products or stacks that are 
created just as an RFP, but they actually unlock an entire ecosystem, and that is where we are 
wanting to play in both the infrastructure level and the app level for the country. 
Vineet: 
And sir for the clarity, just an add-on question on this. So if you can help me also to understand 
the kind of the pipeline, which is there in the RFP stage and how well Protean is placed to capture 
that set where we are very strongly placed and we are confident and what stage of those RFP we 
are at, either bidding stage or we have already won? So if you can give this color to that, it would 
be very useful for us to map it out. 
Suresh Sethi: 
Vineet, if we have an RFP in hand, we would be able to confirm to you, but anything which we 
are bidding for or in the stage, difficult to put that information out there. But as we've earlier 
said, focus for us is always in the space of foundational DPIs. So domestically, when we look at 
it, we are focused on any identity-related RFPs, anything to do with taxation, social security. 
These are areas we are going after. Today, a lot of work which is happening in the digital space, 
whether it is in terms of eKYC, eSign, which is primarily the stack which gets build on the 
foundational identity stack and enables payments and transfers. So there are multiple state-level 
RFPs, which come into it. 
So we are actively participating in all of these, and that is where we are talking about the fact 
that overall, we have almost INR300 crore order book, as Sandeep earlier mentioned. And that 
is really where we are seeing the trajectory. 
Globally, if you see, we have been very consistent in maintaining that our focus from a 
geographic perspective today is in Africa, Southeast Asia and Middle East. These are countries 
which are looking at identity, social security and taxation-related infrastructure getting created 
over there, and that is what we are bidding for. So that in a construct is the RFP scenario for us. 
And we are actively participating in multiple RFPs as we speak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Prakash from Avendus Spark. 
Siddhartha Prakash: 
I just want to ask one question. With the PAN 2.0 project consolidating all PAN and PAN 
services into a single unified platform managed by LTIMindtree, what is the anticipated impact 
on Protean's existing revenue streams and long-term role as an intermediary? 
Suresh Sethi: 
So as I earlier mentioned, this new project is primarily looking at the tech stack, which is 
currently run by the IT department for issuance of the PAN number after they do the 
deduplication of data within the database. And therefore, this is different from the mandate we 
currently run, which is for largely collating the citizen information, doing the KYC and securely 
sharing the data with IT. And subsequently, once the PAN number is issued, then we go ahead 
and do the issuance of the card and delivering it to the citizens. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
While we see the process flow us providing the capabilities of collection of data processing and 
issuance, the tech stack is where today IT works, and that is what has been mandated out under 
this PAN 2.0 RFP. As far as impact is concerned, we don't see any immediate impact because 
this RFP clearly talks about 2 years plus of deployment time line. 
The other question which clearly comes is that what mode or mechanism will the citizens be 
choosing going forward while applying for an identity like PAN. And that is where we see that 
today, 70% of the citizens in the country go through an assisted mode of application, which is 
where our nationwide network of 400,000 agents comes into play. 
And clearly, taking a sort of view going forward, the assisted behavior is very, very sort of 
dominant in our ecosystem. We see it being played out even in the other DPIs we are building 
because end of the day, the attempt is that no citizen should be left behind. 
So while you provide them direct to service portals, you also make sure that the people living in 
rural India, people who are not that digitally savvy are equally able to access the digital platforms 
and the digital rails of the nation. So it's a difficult one to predict that 2 years down the line, how 
will the citizen be consuming services of identity issuance and application. So that is where we 
are currently. So no immediate impact to our business. 
Siddhartha Prakash: 
Okay. Yes. Just one more question. What's the plan to offset tax services volatility? Are CRA 
or identity services scalable to become major contributors here? 
Suresh Sethi: 
Absolutely. Because see, one is when you look at the DPI space, so I will take a couple of 
approaches to this which we are doing. One is we continue to remain focused on DPI-based 
businesses. And these are most of the time central and state government project-led turnkey 
businesses. And as you know, that we are providing naturally, when I look at the central 
recordkeeping agency business we run with a dominant market share of 97%, that is, in effect, 
the social security DPI. 
And pension penetration being at a mere 6% in the country, there's a significant headroom over 
there to continue to grow it. The pension regulator is clearly very committed to expanding this 
penetration. If you look at the weaker section pension product, which is the Atal Pension Yojana, 
we are talking about in our country, around 8 crore plus subscribers, whereas the number of 
people having Jan Dhan accounts, which are again very relevant for the weaker section of the 
society, stand at almost 55 crores plus. 
So we see significant headrooms in the pension space with the government putting a lot of trust 
by launching programs like NPS Vatsalya, which is pension for minors, which is launching 
programs like UPS, which is assured pension sort of design, product design for the central 
government employees. So there's a huge upside over there. Other areas like Bima Sugam and 
all open a completely new sort of part of the economy to us, like the insurance sector. 
Identity continues to grow very strongly in the country because as we are saying that all these 
DPIs and rails coming together are unlocking immense value for people to consume these 
services digitally. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So identity becomes a core factor when you are looking at doing KYC with any regulated entity. 
You are looking at things like digital signing, which means you are removing paper-based 
documents out of the ecosystem. So these are, again, core foundational products that we are 
offering. 
And more importantly, as we offer these products, again, I would reiterate, we are also building 
the app layer. So we are today not just, for example, a certified entity for providing e-sign 
authentication based on Aadhaar. 
We are also building applications where we are building end-to-end digitization workflow suites 
for companies, which we can offer to enterprises for providing them efficiency in paper 
management and workflow within the organization. So these are very aligned areas, but 
definitely, it's a growing space and clearly getting unlocked in more and more different sectors 
as we go forward. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
And further to add to Suresh, we are expanding all these DPI to international market as well, 
which will also give some sort of mitigation to the revenue risk which may arise because of 
online behaviour. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Bhatia from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking Limited. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Sir, I just had a question on the PAN services business. So this time around, on a Y-o-Y basis, 
we have gained 500 basis point market share. There is a 2% growth in there. But if we look at it 
in terms of volume, the volume has remained almost the same, which was INR1 crore last year. 
Even this year, we are at the same INR1 crore. So a, what was the reason of this 2% rise? Was 
it a better realization? And secondly, how do we see this trajectory going forward now that we 
have a higher market share? 
Suresh Sethi: 
So there are 2 parts to it. One, see, the growth clearly comes because, as I mentioned, distribution 
plays a very strong role. And secondly, the journeys that you are providing both at the agent 
level and at the direct level. So for example, if an agent today is enabling a PAN application 
journey, we have today also created provisions where the agents can actually enter into a 
completely paperless journey. So you're able to create an assisted digital journey. 
So all these investments into technology, into creating a very secure pipe for submission of data 
to the IT department and creating a better agent experience once creates a better and sharper 
distribution out there. And other than that, naturally, we look at from a distribution perspective, 
getting the maximum reach and therefore, working towards increasing our market share in this 
space. 
As I earlier mentioned, 70% of applications still are coming in the assisted mode, but still the 
30%, which get catered to on online channels, again, we are taking measures to ensure that our 
online journeys don't get dropped. We are able to give the right nudges and information to the 
person looking for a PAN card issuance to be able to complete the journey. 
So these are some of the investments which go more from a technology and agent enablement 
perspective. And that is how we see the growth in market share coming for us and goes without 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
saying the trust that the company's name carries as a provider for the last 2 decades plus is itself 
a strong endorsement for us to be taken as a preferred partner. 
In terms of overall numbers, on one front, clearly, as we've been saying and if you look at the 
Aadhaar PAN linkage data, PAN penetration in the country is still there about 40%. And we do 
see continued PAN application and issuance. And as we've been earlier maintaining that PAN 
clearly is being used for more and more purposes today. 
The PAN has an identity, whether it is government schemes, some of them have mandated that 
the person should have a PAN card. Your bank account opening with the PMLA guidelines is 
now a mandatory requirement to have a PAN card or submit a Form 60 & 61. 
So PAN usage is increasing. PAN usage at both Tier 1, Tier 2 and then 3, 4 and 5 is increasing 
because of things like DBT. And therefore, this will continue to be a consistent requirement 
year-on-year. And what we are generally seeing that there is a normal around INR 6 crore to 
INR 7 crore new PAN card issuance every year. There have been years where the numbers have 
spiked due to certain events like the Aadhaar-PAN linkage and the deadline that was provided. 
Similarly, if there is incremental government schemes getting issued and people in bulk go for 
PAN card issuance to be able to subscribe to them. 
So there are events which at times have spiked it. But on the average, this is the number which 
is there. And for us, it's important that, one, we have a continued stream of new issuances 
happening. And second is to improve our market share, which we are focused on. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Okay. And sir, basically, in this quarter in specific, the volume is the same, but despite that the 
2% growth, what was the reason for that? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So this tax services business consist of some allied services as well, which is TIN services. So 
there is some increase in the TIN transactions, and that has resulted into 2% growth. While you 
are right that number of PAN issuance is more or less same. So how come 2.2% increase in 
revenue, this is because of the allied services we provide you know tech services. It is not a 
significant portion, but a small portion. 
Kunal Bhatia: 
Got it. And in terms of -- just if you could give us some sense on how has the eSignPro business 
gaining traction? How have we seen the ramp-up, say, on a month-on-month or a Q-o-Q basis? 
And where do you see this run rate ending in the current year? 
Suresh Sethi: 
I think there should be healthy contribution from the business this year definitely, because as we 
speak, we have a pretty deep pipeline and it's not just the pipeline. When I look at the funnel, we 
have secured mandates. And as I mentioned earlier, it's a SaaS business. 
So once the revenue starts peaking, it will be running on a SaaS basis. And the time line which 
is taken, clearly, we have not shown very sort of big numbers or large numbers in the first 
quarter. There is an integration time line, but we definitely see these upticks coming in the 
second quarter and onwards from there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prem Luniya from Astute Investment Management. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Prem Luniya: 
So sir, I had a question about the new businesses growth as we have been talking about a few 
businesses like the ONDC business or the agri stack business in the past, but it seems like they 
have not turned out as we thought of. I just wanted to understand that this view of having 25% 
to 30% of the business coming from the new businesses, which would be the major things which 
you see as of now who can contribute to, let's say, become a INR50 crores or INR100 crores 
business because that is the scale they will have to reach to contribute around INR25 crores, 
INR30 crores to the overall top line? 
And also, sir, this is on the background of that we have grown our employee expense from 
around INR75 crores to now around a run rate of -- from this quarter, if we take a run rate of 
around INR200 crores plus. So how is this contributing to the top line is the view to understand? 
Suresh Sethi: 
I think there are 2 aspects to it. If I look at the new business and the diversification that we are 
seeking, so as I said, one focus has clearly been to continue to strengthen from a digital public 
infrastructure contribution perspective. And we are clearly keeping our sights on large national 
projects. 
And we've seen -- that is where we talked about them, and I'll just repeat very quickly, whether 
it's CKYC or insurance DPI or further strengthening of the pension DPI by schemes like UPS 
and all. So that one focus remains, and that is for us looking at multiple state and central level 
DPIs. 
Some of the turnkey projects, which we have also carried out in sectors outside BFSI, is projects 
like the agristack. Now these have all been turnkey projects. What we are parallelly building as 
a business line outside the turnkey projects, adjacencies and the digital unlock which happens 
because as you build a digital public infrastructure and you build the ability for information 
sharing digitally, to provide or consume services, you need to build applications, which could 
be enterprise applications for enabling B2B journeys or it could be a B2B2C journey where 
consumers use applications to share data and then receive services, be it a loan, and advisory, 
health insurance, so on and so forth. 
So that is where we are investing on the other side in building our entire data and analytics stack. 
And along with the products like eSignPro, API RISE, which we are talking about an API 
marketplace, these are areas which we are investing in the app space. 
So these are for us the 2 streams of business. One is clearly project-led RFP business, which is 
turnkey and definitely requires investment in people for building on these projects. And as 
Sandeep mentioned, some of the numbers as we see this quarter also is coming from these teams 
which are getting created to service the large-scale RFPs. 
The other side is an ongoing product capability where again, we've extended our technical and 
product and domain specialist teams to build technology in the spaces that we are choosing, 
which are aligned with the digital public infrastructure we are building. So that is where the 
investment is going on the other side. 
.
protean 

 
 
Protean eGov Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Prem Luniya: 
Sure, sir. So just a follow-up on the product businesses like Protean RISE and eSignPro. Can 
you see like in next 1 or 2 years, this can contribute around INR 1,500 crores? Do they have that 
opportunity? And do you think that adoption will happen on the customer side? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So I'll not put a number per se, but the opportunity size is very large as far as the eSignPro type 
of product is concerned. The opportunity size is like running into billions of dollars. I guess we 
are at a very strong position. And in next 3 years, we should see strong revenues coming out of 
a couple of these products. 
Prem Luniya: 
Sure, sir. And will it be margin accretive for us? Or will it be largely on the same line? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
No, no, of course. These are product or SaaS businesses which will definitely be margin 
accretive for the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumangal Pugalia from RaRe Enterprise. 
Sumangal Pugalia: 
I have a follow-up on the previous question. How many customers do we have for eSignPro and 
RISE With Protean? And if you can share some trends, recent trends on client additions? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
So number of customers keeps growing every now and then. I don't think it will be appropriate 
for now because the product is still at initial stage. Maybe if you want specific details on number 
of customers in each segment, we could get one-on-one and we can provide you some details 
publicly under SEBI guidelines. 
Sumangal Pugalia: 
Sure. But... 
Sandeep Mantri: 
I can say that we have a healthy pipeline of customers and the pipeline is growing with each 
passing day. So we should see very good revenue or strong revenue coming out of these products 
in time to come. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this would be our last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Suresh Sethi: 
So, thank you very much again for all the support and the questions, which also help us to think 
through our strategy and become more and more clear about it. We are happy with the stage we 
are at currently, and we clearly see a good trajectory for the company, both on the project-led 
businesses and the product-led businesses and looking forward to keeping engaged with this 
community. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
.
protean 
