                     
     
                                                                                                                                              
 
  ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
                                                                                                                                                               An ISO 9001 Company                         
 
Sustainable solutions, for a better life 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
CIN: L45205TN1995PLC030231 
“WABAG HOUSE”, 
No.17, 200 Feet Thoraipakkam-Pallavaram Main Road,  
Sunnambu Kolathur, Chennai 600 117, India. 
Board   : +91- 44 - 6123 2323 
Fax :     : +91- 44 - 6123 2324 
Email    : wabag@wabag.in 
Web      : www.wabag.com 
 
 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
      BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,    
      Floor 25, P J Towers,    
Bandra Kurla Complex,    
      Dalal Street,                   
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: WABAG 
      Mumbai – 400 001   
  
      BSE Scrip Code: 533269 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the ‘Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call’ 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of ‘Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call’ held on Wednesday, 
August 13, 2025, post declaration of unaudited Financial Results (both Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.  This intimation is filed pursuant 
to Regulation 30(6) and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
The Transcript of the ‘Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call’ is also available on the Company's website 
at www.wabag.com. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
 
 
 
Encl.: As above  
For VA TECH WABAG LIMITED    
  
    
 
     
Anup Kumar Samal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: FCS 4832 
ANUP 
KUMAR 
SAMAL
Digitally signed by ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=59cac15eefeb45778f26d80
212ea49e1, 
2.5.4.20=2f08e2a4abd03cf834087d0169b
8295db945b73a74bab7f34c29fd5496859
827, postalCode=600091, st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=26a2e917225a7e97909c2
7b92ba3e356c8947696ef734eb423b813
7492e67dee, cn=ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
Date: 2025.08.20 17:29:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
MR. RAJIV MITTAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
MR. ROHAN MITTAL – HEAD STRATEGY AND BUSINESS GROWTH, GCC  
 
 
 
 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, and welcome, everyone to this Earnings Call, Post Announcement of Q1 FY26 
Results of VA Tech Wabag Limited. On the call today from the management team, we have Mr. 
Rajiv Mittal, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman, Group Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Rohan Mittal, Head Strategy and Business Growth - GCC. 
 
Kindly note that during this call, the Company may make certain forward-looking statements 
concerning the business prospects and profitability, which may be subject to risks and 
uncertainties, and the actual results could materially differ from those in such forward-looking 
statements. The conference will be archived and a transcript will be made available on the 
company's website. 
 
The company's results update presentation has been uploaded on the website of the Company 
and Stock Exchanges, which provides an overview about the core offerings and analysis of the 
results for this period. We trust that you had an opportunity to look through the same. We will 
start with the opening remarks from the management, post which we will open up for the 
interactive Q&A. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mittal to take you all through the key business 
highlights. Over to you, Mr. Mittal. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. We extend a very warm welcome to all of you 
to the earnings call post announcement of our Q1 FY26 results of VA Tech Wabag Limited. 
Your continued support and engagements are invaluable to our growth journey, and we 
appreciate your presence today. Joining me today are Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman, our Group 
CFO; and Mr. Rohan Mittal, Head Strategy and Business Growth - GCC.  
We have started the year with a very strong quarter, building on the growth momentum from the 
last year. This quarter, we have improved on every single parameter. Our top line is higher, our 
EBITDA is stronger, PAT is growing faster than the top line, denoting profitable growth. 
Importantly, this quarter marked the 10th consecutive quarter of being net cash positive, a 
testimony to our disciplined financial management, operational efficiency and focus on quality 
execution.  
Wabag further reinforced its leadership as a pure-play water technology Company, expanding 
across the Middle East, Africa and Asia with over 40% of the revenues now from the 
international market. Our expertise in reuse, industrial effluent management, energy-efficient 
desalination plant continues to give us a competitive edge. We have maintained a balanced 
revenue mix of 75:25 between municipal and industrial clients, and progressing steady towards 
our strategic goal of increasing O&M revenue share, which exceeded 20% this quarter. This 
healthy mix strengthens earnings resilience and ensures geographic diversification. 
 
With our continued focus on emerging markets and efforts of agile go-to-market team, we 
secured two major orders. The first one of INR 380 crores for design, build, operate order from 
Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board funded by World Bank for a state-of-art energy-
efficient water reuse facility in Bengaluru, and a Letter of Award for the much anticipated 300 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
million liters a day of seawater desalination plant at Yanbu in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
worth about INR 2,332 crores from the Saudi Water Authority. 
 
As you may recall, last quarter, we informed our preferred bidder status in the project worth INR 
30 billion. And you can see that we have already converted the majority of the same into firm 
orders. And it does not stop here. We continue actively on our bidding efforts for several large 
orders from India's massive infrastructure investment to Middle East desalination leadership, 
Africa's emerging water projects and Asia's urban industrial growth. Wabag is pursuing a 
‘Glocal’ Strategy, combining global reach with local depth to capture opportunities across 
diverse geographies. As a result of our efforts, we have secured preferred bidder status for 
projects worth over INR 35 billion.  
Our order book currently stands at over INR 15,750 crores, well balanced between EPC and 
O&M segments, between municipal and industrial clients and in India and international market. 
Importantly, majority of these orders came with adequate payment security. This robust pipeline 
gives us strong visibility and the confidence in delivering sustainable performance in the coming 
quarters.  
Looking ahead, opportunities remain promising driven by government-led investments in water 
security, wastewater recycle and river rejuvenation to raise municipal demands for a sustainable 
treatment and reuse. Industrial water management needs spurred by ESG commitments and 
regulatory tightening. International opportunities across the targeted emerging markets where 
Wabag's references and execution track record position it competitively. This robust funnel, 
combined with our disciplined bid selectivity and risk-calibrated commercial models put us in a 
strong position to capture these opportunities.  
I would also like to share the updates on some of the key projects. The prestigious 400 MLD 
Perur desalination project in Chennai funded by JICA, Japan is progressing well. We have 
successfully completed the critical marine work, sinking all 3 marine pipelines, 2 in the intake 
and 1 in the outfall, each of 2.5 meters diameter, including launch of largest and longest single 
intake pipeline of 1,151 meters. This milestone stands a testament to our resilience, teamwork, 
commitment to excellence. Key process civil structures are also moving steadily towards 
completion. 
 
Last year, Wabag secured large repeat orders from Reliance for water treatment systems at Dahej 
and Nagothane facilities. The basic engineering package has been completed. Detailed 
engineering is in advanced stage and civil works of this water treatment and effluent treatment 
facilities are progressing at full pace.  
The 200 MLD Pagla STP project in Bangladesh jointly funded by World Bank and AIIB is the 
country's first of its kind plant where bio-gas engines will generate power from the digested 
sludge promoting sustainable wastewater management. The project has achieved significant 
milestones, including completion of most sand filling work and pile casting currently underway.  
200 MLD municipal sewage treatment plant at Al-Haer, near Riyadh in Saudi Arabia is a 
significant repeat order from our esteemed client, Miahona. Engineering and ordering of these 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
supplies are progressing at its peak. Temporary facilities at the site are deployed and adequate 
resources are mobilized. Civil works commenced and gaining momentum. 
 
In Zambia, Wabag is executing a landmark sanitation projects for Lusaka Water Supply and 
Sanitation Company funded by European Investment Bank and German KfW. Site survey and 
soil investigations are complete. Engineering is in full swing, temporary facilities and 
construction resources are being deployed. 
 
On the occasion of our Centenary year, backed by robust performance and a healthy cash 
position, Board had recommended to the shareholders for approval a dividend of INR 4/- per 
share, 200% of the face value for the year ended March 31, 2025. We are very pleased to share 
that shareholders have approved this resolution and the disbursement is underway. We remain 
committed to deliver long-term shareholders' value while maintaining a prudent balance between 
rewarding shareholders and reinvesting in our growth investments. 
 
So to sum up, strong start to the year, steady progress on our strategy, robust financial and a 
healthy order book that positions us for continued success. Our innovation, partnership and 
purpose-driven growth will continue to shape a more sustainable, equitable world, one drop, one 
community and one breakthrough at a time. As we embark on the next century, I invite each one 
of you to join us in this journey, let us continue to work together to preserve our most precious 
resource, water, while powering economy and protecting our environment. Our mission has 
never been more relevant, and our resolve has never been more stronger.  
In closing, I want to thank each one of you for your continued confidence in Wabag in making 
a positive environment and societal impact through its mission to deliver sustainable water 
solutions globally. 
 
With that, I will now hand it over to Rohan to share the updates on Middle East and Africa. Over 
to you, Rohan. 
Rohan Mittal: 
Good evening, distinguished investors, partners, and colleagues. Middle East and Africa, a 
region where the demand for quality, sustainable and scalable water solutions is rising at an 
unprecedented pace. For over four decades, Wabag has been present in the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, delivering marquee projects that have significantly enhanced our brand value in the 
region. 
 
Today, as we celebrate 100 years of global excellence, we are channelling our focus towards the 
right projects and priority markets with the Middle East and Africa positioned as a key growth 
engine in line with our strategy ‘Wriddhi’ and our portfolio continuing to expand with a balanced 
mix of EPC, O&M and PPP ventures. 
 
Africa's water infrastructure landscape is also undergoing a transformative shift driven by urgent 
demand for safe and improved sanitation across urban and rural regions. The Africa Water 
Investment Action plan, which targets USD 30 billion in annual investments by 2030 is 
catalysing this momentum. In the UAE and CIS market, we are deepening our engagement 
through strategic opportunities that strengthen our foothold and reinforce our presence in 
emerging municipal and industrial sectors. With our legacy expertise and strategic focus, Wabag 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
is well positioned to lead the next wave of water sector transformation across the Middle East 
and Africa region.  
Now on to a key order intake development during this quarter. Yanbu mega desalination order 
represents a defining milestone for VA Tech Wabag, a 300 MLD worth USD 272 million EPC 
contract and the largest international order in our history from a very esteemed client, Saudi 
Water Authority (‘SWA’), the Kingdom's flagship water utility and one of the most respected 
names globally in large-scale desalination, formerly known as Saline Water Conversion 
Corporation (‘SWCC’). The plant will incorporate dual media filtration, a two-part reverse 
osmosis and remineralisation processes, delivering premium quality portable water. This win is 
a powerful endorsement of our technological leadership, execution excellence and competitive 
edge in the global water sector, secured in one of the most demanding procurement environments 
in the region.  
Yanbu II was achieved through rigorous value engineering, strategic procurement optimization 
and leveraging competitive subcontractor pricing, all while upholding the highest standards of 
technological innovation and professional reliability. The Yanbu II award is a testament to two 
defining strengths of Wabag, our resilience and ability to secure high-specification desalination 
projects and our capacity to enhance unit economics without compromising quality. This win 
reinforces our position as a global water leader and accelerates our growth trajectory in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  
Now to a quick update on 2 major projects under execution in the region. First, the 
technologically advanced Ras Tanura project, has reached an overall 80% completion. 
Engineering and procurement is complete with all major equipment ordered and currently in 
shipment to site. Installation has commenced. The project is progressing well on track.  
In Wabag's largest EPC order under execution in the region, the Al-Haer wastewater treatment 
plant, basic engineering is complete and the detailed engineering activities are underway.  Site 
mobilization has also been completed and construction works have commenced as well and 
progressing well on track. Notably, sludge treatment will be achieved through solar drying while 
extensive use of solar PV panels will contribute renewable energy to plant operations, 
reinforcing Wabag's commitment to environment stewardship. 
 
Wabag's future in MEA is focused, strategic and growth driven with client development at the 
heart of our approach. The regional transformative agenda led by Saudi Vision 2030 and the 
upcoming FIFA World Cup 2034 is creating an unprecedented demand for sustainable large-
scale water and wastewater infrastructure. 
 
In parallel, Africa's rapid urbanization and industrial growth are driving significant opportunities 
for advanced water solutions across the continent. We are positioned to capitalize on this 
momentum, actively pursuing opportunities across industrial, municipal and utility segments in 
both the regions. Supported by a robust pipeline of Greenfield desalination EPC projects, 
annuity-based O&M contracts and advanced industrial water solutions. Our strategy is clear; 
leverage technology as a key differentiator and partner locally wherever required to deliver 
world-class solutions.  

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
This quarter alone, we submitted multiple bids and are evaluating a strong slate of opportunities. 
Every project we deliver from mega desalination to advanced reuse is a step towards cleaner 
oceans, lower carbon footprints and a resilient economy for the communities that we serve. With 
the region's growth trajectory, Wabag is primed to play a pivotal role in shaping its water future. 
 
I will hand over to Skanda to share the financial performance. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Thank you, Rohan. Good evening, everyone. I trust you had a chance to review our results update 
presentation, which have been uploaded on our website and with the stock exchanges.  
I'm pleased to share that we have delivered another profitable growth quarter. Our financial 
performance reflected disciplined bidding, vigilant cost control, a sharper focus on cash 
conversion and prudent risk management across our operating geographies. Profitability remains 
at the core of our strategy and the progress we have achieved over the past several quarters and 
years is translating into stronger earnings quality and healthier balance sheet metrics. 
 
Now let me quickly walk you through our performance highlights for the quarter.  
Our consolidated revenue stood at INR 734 crores, growing by 17% year-over-year. Standalone 
revenue for the same period stood at INR 640 crores. Our consolidated EBITDA stood at INR 
96 crores, growing by around 18% year-over-year. Standalone EBITDA for the same period 
stood at INR 86 crores. Consolidated PAT stood at INR 66 crores with a PAT margin of 9%, 
growing at over 20% year-over-year. Standalone PAT for the same period stood at INR 61 
crores. 
 
The top line growth for this quarter was driven primarily by strong progress in several large 
projects, including the 200 MLD Al-Haer independent sewage treatment plant in Riyadh, the 
400 MLD Perur desalination plant in Chennai, the Ras Tanura Industrial water treatment plant 
at the Ras Tanura Refinery Complex in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Chennai Petroleum 
Corporation Limited project in Tamil Nadu. 
 
A year ago, we provided a 3 to 5 year medium-term outlook to all investors. We have been 
working diligently on the same to meet the outlook. The results are evident in our performance 
of the last year and also in this quarter. For Q1, top line grew by 17%, well within our guided 
range of 15% to 20%, while EBITDA margins were maintained in the 13% to 15% band as 
guided. We have delivered this growth profitably in line with our strategic priorities. This 
performance underscores our operational efficiency, disciplined project execution and the 
strength of a well-balanced portfolio across EPC, industrial and international markets, 
complemented by a steadily rising contribution from our high-margin O&M business. 
 
As of June 2025, our net cash position stands at INR 510 crores. Excluding net debt on HAM 
entities, which is transitory in nature, considering our asset-light strategy, our net cash position 
stood at INR 627 crores. We closed the quarter with a gross cash position of INR 815 crores. As 
mentioned by Mr. Mittal earlier, this is our 10th consecutive quarter where we closed the period 
with a net cash positive position, primarily driven by disciplined cash flow management and 
prudent debt control. Our strong cash reserves allow us to swiftly fund projects, accelerate 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
execution time lines, pursue opportunities in new geographies, and invest in enhancing our talent 
and capabilities.  
We remain steadfast to our asset-light model, delivering a Return on Capital Employed (‘RoCE‘) 
over 18%. We continued to create long-term shareholder value, generating a Return on Equity 
(‘RoE’) of 15%. 
 
With the recent order win of INR 380 crores wastewater treatment and reuse facility for BWSSB, 
Bengaluru and INR 2,332 crores, 300 MLD mega desalination plant in Yanbu for Saudi Water 
Authority, the order book stands at over INR 15,750 crores, approximately 5x of our annual 
revenue. 
 
With our robust order book, strong pipeline visibility, we are confident of sustaining both 
revenue growth and profitability while maintaining our net cash positive position as we move 
ahead in this year. Our focus will remain on emerging market opportunities and advanced 
technology projects particularly in desalination, recycling, reuse, and affluent treatment. 
 
I once again thank everyone, our shareholders, fellow Wabagites, customers, partners, vendors, 
bankers and all the stakeholders for the continued trust and unwavering support over the past 
century. It is because of you that Wabag stands tall today, ready to face the challenges and 
capitalize on the opportunities of the future. 
 
With that, we now open the floor for the interactive Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
I would like to congratulate you, sir, on the excellent execution as well as the order inflow. So 
my question is firstly on the project that we have declared L1 in, which is the JV with HEISCO 
in Kuwait. My understanding is that the order value is close to INR 27 billion. What would be 
our share of that project? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
This is still just an opening result, what you are referring to. We can say other than being a 
preferred bidder, nothing more of that. We want to make sure that the evaluation is completed. 
And post evaluation, they should declare us as a party who gets the award. So our portion in that 
consortium will a little more than 50%, close to about USD 200 million. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. And also another question I had on the order book was, the Lusaka Water Supply and 
Sanitation Company project that we have, which is the 73 MLD project. For the last 2 quarters, 
I have noticed that the order value has been increasing. Is there any reason for that as a scope 
increase or this is just due to exchange rates and inflation, things like that? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Of course, the exchange rate has not increased so much, Nidhi. So first part of your guess is 
right. The client, because it is funded by 2 international funding agencies, they wanted certain 
scopes to increase to make it more sustainable and environmental friendly. So they have 
increased the scope by about EUR 7-8 million before we got a start date to the contract. So that 
is how the value has gone up. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Nidhi Shah: 
Yes. So my last question is, so last quarter, you mentioned that there were six active inquiries 
on the ultra-water pure segment that you were hoping to sort of realize in H2. What is the 
progress on that? Are we any closer to closing any order 
? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, we are. A couple of orders. Our boys are working very hard. They're taking a little longer 
than what we would have expected, but nothing to be concerned. We are still in this couple of 
orders. We are progressing well. We would like to believe that we have been positioned well. 
But in the next couple of months, we'll know the results. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sailesh Raja with B&K Securities. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Congrats for the great set of numbers. Sir, my first question, in the domestic municipal segment, 
we are seeing a moderate 4% growth in the order backlog numbers. Could you explain the reason 
for this? And since we are focusing more on the industrial segment domestically and on overseas 
market, have we become more selective in taking orders in the municipal space in the domestic 
market? Or is the slower growth linked to demand challenges due to overcrowded market? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think I would not say that we have now become more selective. We were always selective, and 
we have informed all our investors and potential investors that we have very strict bidding 
criteria where we take a bid, no-bid decision. And top of that criteria is our payment security. 
 
And if you see most of our order backlog, 98% plus will have a complete payment security, 
which are funded either by Federal Government, Central Government or by Multilateral 
Agencies like World Bank, JICA, KfW, ADB kind of organizations. And we don't bid if this is 
not available to us. 
 
And I think also, we don't bid unless there is a strategic reason for projects which are funded by 
the state government. Hence, our selectiveness is very, very robust. And we only go for where 
we think we have a payment security and also where we have a technological edge. That's all it 
means, and we are not dependent on any single market. 
 
And as we have told you before, it's not that every market we have to grow at X percentage. If 
other markets are giving us a better opportunity, other sectors are giving us better opportunity, 
we will go for it because our execution workforce is common, whether we deploy them for 
municipal projects, industrial projects, international projects, it doesn't matter to us. They have 
a versatility to execute any projects with any standard, whether they're large, complex, they are 
geared up to do that. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Since you spoke about the payment, regarding the 100 MLD solar desalination project, since 
Indosol Solar is a new entity, so how do they plan to arrange the funding for the project? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think the funding is already in place. The reason for delay is because there was a change of 
government and the land which was allocated to them had to be reallocated. So they had to do 
all the environmental studies and because of the change of location. And there, they lost about 
6 months. Now I believe they have got all this in place. And within a month or 2, it will kickstart 
again that project, and we would like to see this moving really at a brisk pace. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Sailesh Raja: 
So how this project is funded, sir? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think they have investors who are funding this. And we are not privy to that. But I think they 
have a financial closure on the project. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Sir, on the plan to set up 100 biogas to CNG units, could you elaborate on the 
business opportunity here? Will this be developed as a standalone vertical or through any 
partnerships to achieve scale and secure funding? And what business scale are you targeting 
over the next 3 years? And when is the project expected to commence? And also how this raw 
material that solid waste will be procured and what is the payback that you're expecting? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
First and foremost, this was announced almost 1.5 years back that for this venture, we have 
partnered with PEAK Ventures as a funding agency. They will partner us in funding this project, 
and this will develop and we will be the technical partner and a minority investor in that. This is 
again a concept selling. This was not available in the country and only recently, large corporates 
are investing in it. 
 
They are securing the raw material. It is not our business to get the raw material. They will secure 
raw material and hand it over to us. Our business is to take that raw material and produce this 
compressed biogas. And this is what we will again sell it at the tariffs which are fixed by the 
Government of India, which are very, very attractive tariff. 
 
Again, it is all going into sustainability, clean environment and circular economy, very well fits 
into our strategy. Hence, we are there. And anything like this, which are concept selling is always 
slow to take. Initially, there are small-sized plants coming up, which we are giving it a pass. And 
once we see a medium to large opportunities, we will jump in. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. Sir one last question. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Sailesh. Those were your two questions. Could you please fall back into 
the queue? The next question comes from the line of Sabil Dabhoya from Unifi Capital. 
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Yes, sir. So congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question was around the 
investment platform. Could you please update us on the progress of the same? And if you could 
please call out any existing HAM projects, which we transferred to the investment platform. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
So as we informed in the last quarter, the due diligence is already underway, and we are close to 
getting a sign-off on that from the Investors side. Once that is done, since these are large 
international investors, they will go through their internal processes, and then we will move into 
the signing of definitive agreements and making the platform effective. As we told you in the 
last quarter, obviously, our interest would be to monetize as much of the investments as possible 
into this platform, which can include also the existing projects. 
Sabil Dabhoya: 
Okay, sure. I mean, I understand that we don't guide on a short-term basis for revenue and 
EBITDA margin. But just structurally, because our O&M revenue also went up, and we are 
entering into the EP stage for some of our large projects, is it fair to assume a directionally better 
margin for FY26 as a whole? 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, our endeavour is to improve the margins always. That is the reason last year, we have given 
a direction to you for the next 3 to 5 years. We have not given for 6 months or for a year. So that 
shows the confidence in our order book, what we have that enables us to give for 3 to 5 years a 
direction so that you can do your modelling. 
 
And obviously, I think our aim is always now, as we said before, to improve the margins and 
improve the cash flow. And top line is evident with this kind of order backlog, the top line is 
inevitable that it will grow. There's no doubt about it. We just have to focus on margins and cash 
flow. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aniket Jain with YES Securities. 
Aniket Jain: 
Actually, I have two questions. In the last presentation, you mentioned, you were the preferred 
bidders on orders of about INR 3,000 crores without the Yanbu project, if I remember correctly, 
of which I think we have won INR 380 crores from the Bengaluru. Now we are preferred bidders 
of about INR 3,500 crores. 
 
So I wanted to check if we're expecting finalization on some of them in this quarter, that is Q2. 
And what is the status on the remaining INR 2,500 crores of orders which are pending from the 
last bidding pipeline? That is question number one. I can ask question two later on. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No problem. You can wait for us to finish the answer. See, I think it's not about Yanbu was in 
or not. When we gave this direction, we were confident and we have informed you that whatever 
restructuring the client wants to do on Yanbu, we will get it back. And that was a kind of a 
confidence the team has exhibited. And when we give you a preferred status, that is included in 
it that we will get Yanbu, no doubt about it. 
 
Again, we are giving you a guidance that we are preferred bidder for INR 3,500 crores, as we 
speak, which includes some of them we are already -- like somebody had asked a question on 
Kuwait project. We are already declared L1. And some other projects are also there, which at 
the moment, we can't disclose the names, but we are very confident that maybe by the time we 
meet you next call, we should be having most of them in our order backlog. 
Aniket Jain: 
Understood, sir. And probably a second one would be, as per the press release, Yanbu project 
was mentioned at INR 2,332 crores, while in presentation, it is mentioned at INR 2,038 crores. 
So just wanted to check what's the differential? Is it tax or something else? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Your guess is right. It's the VAT portion because what we take in our sales is excluding VAT 
and what is the project value is including VAT. So it's only the VAT portion. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jainam Jain with ICICI Securities. 
Jainam Jain: 
Sir, my first question is, we have seen execution on the Indosol Solar order has been slower than 
expected. Sir, can you just help us understand what are the factors causing the delay? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I just answered to one of our friends and investors who had raised this question that there was a 
slowdown of about 6 to 7 months because of the change of land because their land, which was 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
allocated to them and that finished all the studies and environmental studies and soil 
investigation survey and everything was taken back by the government for some other priority 
project. And instead of that, they were allocated another land, which last 6 to 8 months, they 
finished all the environmental studies and investigation, geotechnical surveys. Now having done 
that, I understand from next month, this project will get kick started again. And you will see the 
progress picking up in the next few quarters. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay sir. Sir, my next question is, the order value of the Yanbu desalination project has dropped 
from INR 23 billion to INR 20 billion this time around. So is this because of Mackenzie's exit? 
Or has there has been any change in scope of work? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think it's a combination of few things, as we have said before. One, some of the scopes have 
changed, but also because of the experience, because we had 6 months of this order in our books, 
our team had worked the execution, the basic engineering, detailed engineering, we had already 
started, and we have already started collecting quotations from the market. 
 
So there is also a part of value engineering, which has gone into this project, which is making 
us more competitive. But you must also know that we have just won this project by just 0.27%. 
That shows how competitive we are and how we could judge this. And this 6 months of getting 
this engineering before it was reinvited for bidding has really helped us to do value engineering. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets Private 
Limited. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Yes. See, this year, we have already won something like INR 26 billion, and we are preferred 
bidder for INR 35 billion. So that makes it around INR 60 billion. So can we end the year around 
INR 80 billion of order book, new order? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
There is Hindi phrase "Aapke muh mai ghee shakkar". So I think we love all this. I think the 
more positive we speak, the more positivity will come to the Company. We are always very 
bullish. The team has been working very hard. Even in the last couple of months, we have 
submitted bids worth more than USD 1 billion. So yes, market is very conducive. Sector is 
looking up, not only in India but globally. So we are keeping our fingers crossed. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
This USD 1 billion is on top of the INR 35 billion, rather? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No. some of them are also included in this. We didn't say that, but one of you asked this question 
on Kuwait. So Kuwait was also bid as a part of this USD 1 billion. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sriharsha KJ from Alpha Capital Ventures. 
Sriharsha KJ: 
I had just one question. Like I want to know the translation reserve of INR 321 million, which 
is classified under other comprehensive income? 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Yes. This is primarily coming from translation of assets and liabilities for the change in exchange 
rates, and it happens every quarter. This is required as per the accounting standards. But what 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
you have to look at is what passes through the P&L, which is basically the profit after tax 
attributable to owners. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sailesh Raja with B&K Securities. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Sir, could you please talk about the opportunity in NWC second phase LTOM package number 
16, 17, 18, 19. So there are 72 STPs are there. Is tendering has started? 
Rohan Mittal: 
This is a full block from 10 to 19. We have received tenders for 10, 11 and 12. The 14th is under 
discussion. The rest would follow. We have already received the 10th where the Company has 
bid with in a partnership. The 11th, we have also bid. The 12th is currently under preparation. 
The 13th is unlikely to come or not come, it's a discussion between their Board. But the 14th is 
positively going to come in, say, 2 months. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. That's great. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
The bottom line is we are qualified for all these LTOM tenders, and it's up to us to do the review 
and check if we will bid for all of them. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. Okay. Great. Sir, in the BLUE SEED division, is there any update on finalizing the new 
technology? Also, are there any plans to venture into B2C water chemical business? As you 
know, recently, chemical Company, Atul Limited, they have tied up with Batman Labs for 
delivering advanced water treatment solution. 
 
Since Wabag has strong expertise in desalination, that is a process involving significant 
chemistry and extensive experience in this domain. So why not consider launching any water 
chemical solution products so that will help diversify the portfolio and also make the business 
less volatile? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
One thing is, we are very satisfied with what we do. We have a very clear focus on what we 
want to do, and we don't want to look right or left because others are doing. Others may have 
expertise in what they do. We have certain expertise, and we want to leverage our expertise in 
what we do. We want to be second to none in the projects and the business we run. 
 
Also keeping in mind our strategic goal of remaining asset-light. And you would have noticed 
that we have one of the lightest balance sheet in this sector. We want to continue that and not 
invest into manufacturing and consumer selling. That's not our business. We are into large, 
complex, technically challenging projects. And I think at least in foreseeable future, we will like 
to remain focused on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Aniket Jain with YES Securities. 
Aniket Jain: 
Sir, so you recorded one of the strongest gross margins of about 28.7% over the last 25 quarters, 
so exceptionally well gross margins that you recorded this time. So just wanted to check, is this 
mainly because of lower component deliveries in this quarter? I think last quarter was impacted 
by high component deliveries? Or are we expecting some structurally higher margins going 
forward? 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Skandaprasad S.: 
See, Aniket, this is always a mix of projects, right, projects in different stages. If you see the 
kind of projects we had, we had Al-Haer, which is in early engineering stage and just started. 
We had Ras Tanura. Ras Tanura is an EP project. We had CPCL, which again is in early delivery 
stage. We had the Perur desalination, which is in an advanced stage of engineering completion 
and deliveries have begun. 
 
So it's a mix, and that is why we recommend that you do not look at us quarter-over-quarter 
because it can be very different. You have to look at it on a multi-annual basis, which is a 3 to 5 
year range, and that's how we would recommend you to compare the margins. There can be 
quarters which can be one-offs like even the last quarter as well as this quarter. But on an 
average, our margins will fairly remain stable, and we will continue to keep growing. 
Aniket Jain: 
Understood, sir. And probably second one, if I can squeeze in. So your other expenses increased 
sharply. So as a percentage of sales, these are 6.6% as of now. I assume some of this is impacted 
by higher forex. So is there something else that also led to higher other expenses? That is my 
second question. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Largely, it is forex. And of course, you know we had also issued the centenary ESOP in the last 
year, and we will have to accrue some expenses on account of that, which is below the 
contribution margin. These are the larger ones. But largely, you would see ESOP. Apart from 
that, the regular expenses, and few provisions, which is normal what requires us to be made as 
per our accounting policy. But largely, it is forex because of the kind of movement that has 
happened in the exchange rates period-over-period. 
Aniket Jain: 
So ESOPs, we won't be accruing this in future quarters, right? Is it largely done? Or do we expect 
some more? 
Skandaprasad S.: 
No, no. It will be staggered because it started in the last year. You are seeing that this year, there 
is an ESOP accrual. As it moves forward, it will taper. The first 2, 3 years are a little higher 
because it's a 4-year accrual that we have to do. But it will happen every quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mittal for the closing remarks. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you, friends, for your active participation in this Q1 FY26 earnings call. We have 
uploaded the analyst presentation in our website. In case you have further queries, you may get 
in touch with AdFactor IR or feel free to get in touch with us directly. Thank you once again. 
Enjoy your evening. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of VA Tech Wabag Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
