 
 
 
  Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
Corporate Headquarters 
M A Road, Srinagar 190001 Kashmir, India 
CIN: L65110JK1938SGC000048 
T +91 (0)194 248 3775 
F +91 (0)194 248 1928 
W www.jkbank.com  
E board.sectt@jkbmail.com 
 
 
Board Secretariat 
            Ref:-JKB/BS/F3652/2025/084 
            Date: 31st July, 2025 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza  5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1  G-Block   
Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (E)  Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: J&KBANK 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001    
Scrip Code:532209 
 
 
  Sub:-   Transcript of Conference Call held on July 28, 2025 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. JKB/BS/F3652/2025/083 dated July 28, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the transcript of the Conference Call held on July 28, 2025 by the Bank in relation to the 
Reviewed Financial Results of the Bank for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025 is enclosed and the 
same is also available on the website of the Bank under following link: 
 
https://www.jkbank.com/investor/analystInteraction/investorConferenceCalls.php 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination.  
 
Thanking you 
 
 Yours faithfully  
 
     For Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
         
        
      Mohammad Shafi Mir 
      Company Secretary  
Mohamma
d Shafi Mir
Digitally signed by Mohammad Shafi Mir 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=191131, l=Ganderbal, 
st=Jammu and Kashmir, street=ganjipora batwina, 
Batvena, Ganderbal Jammu and Kashmir India 191131, 
title=5504, 
2.5.4.20=f967bd71f559747b387d419e56605e9e342b989
bde651ebf36672be670c15047, 
serialNumber=66e7c458fadfd58d0b1e3af6cfa935267826
26d2f4a82a11e8de9af7cbcce6cd, 
email=shafi.mir@jkbmail.com, cn=Mohammad Shafi Mir 
Date: 2025.07.31 13:03:47 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited Q1 2026 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITAVA CHATTERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SUDHIR GUPTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. NARJAY GUPTA – HEAD (RETAIL CREDIT AND 
LIABILITY) 
MR. RAKESH KOUL – HEAD (TREASURY) 
MR. RAJESH MALLA TIKOO – HEAD (IMPAIRED ASSETS 
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT) 
MR. KETAN KUMAR JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ALTAF HUSSAIN KIRA – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to the Q1 2026 Earnings Conference Call of 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
We have with us from the Bank, Mr. Amitava Chatterjee – Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer along with his Management Team. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chatterjee. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Shruti. A very good afternoon to all of you and a warm welcome to all the participants 
to J&K Bank June 2025 Earnings Call. 
Before starting with the results, let me introduce my fellow colleagues from the Bank's Senior 
Management who are accompanying me on this call. I have with me the Executive Director – Mr. 
Sudhir Gupta, Mr. Narjay Gupta – the Retail Credit and Liability Head, Mr. Rakesh Koul – the 
Treasury Head, Mr. Rajesh Malla Tikoo – the Impaired Assets Portfolio Management Head, our new 
Chief Financial Officer – Mr. Ketan Kumar Joshi, and the Chief Risk Officer – Mr. Altaf Hussain 
Kira. 
We are pleased to share that we’ve begun the new financial year on a strong note, delivering another 
consistent performance with net profit of INR485 crores, up by 16.7% YoY. This is the highest ever 
net profit reported by the Bank for the first quarter of a financial year. The fact that this performance 
comes in the wake of the new financial year having begun with challenging circumstances, especially 
in our core territories due to the unfortunate and tragic Pahalgam terror incident, followed by 
heightened tensions and a brief conflict adds further weight to it. It reflects the strength and resilience 
of our institution, the unwavering commitment of our teams and the continued trust and support of 
our stakeholders. 
Also, I would like to emphasize here that in Q1, our profitability has been impacted by a one-time 
impairment provision of INR87 crores related to our investment in J&K Grameen Bank necessitated 
due to erosion of the equity value on account of amalgamation of J&K Grameen Bank and Ellaquai 
Dehati Bank into a single RRB under our sponsorship in line with the directives issued by the 
Government of India for Phase-IV of amalgamation of RRBs under the “One State, One RRB” 
Concept. This is a non-recurring impact and non- reflective of our underlying earnings momentum. 
Excluding this one-time provision, our net profit growth would be upwards of 30% YoY. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Historically, first quarter has been considered lean for banks across the industry in terms of growth. 
The Bank has registered an above-average YoY growth of 12.1% in deposits, while all Scheduled 
Commercial Banks have registered a growth of only 10.1% during the same period as per latest data 
released by RBI. And breaking the trend of last four financial years, where we witnessed a degrowth 
in deposits in the first quarter, we have been able to maintain deposits at March 2025 levels. Despite 
the stable overall deposit levels, CASA ratio has witnessed a decline on a sequential basis from 
47.01% to 45.71%. This reduction has been driven primarily by migration of CASA balances to term 
deposits for locking in of higher yields prior to the deposit interest rate cut, which has just begun. 
This trend reflects in the growth patterns also with the term deposits having grown by 21.1% YoY 
against a growth of just 2.9% in CASA deposits during the same period. 
On the advances front, growth has been relatively muted at just 6.1% YoY with a degrowth of 2.7% 
in the first quarter. Though the Bank has witnessed almost similar loan growth in both JKL and ROI 
at 5.3% and 6% YoY respectively, however, in Q1 loan growth in JKL which contributes 70.6% of 
the total loan book of the Bank, has been 2%, whereas the Rest of India loan book has witnessed a 
de-growth. Even at an industry level, credit growth has witnessed a slow down with systemic credit 
growth declining to a three-year low of below 9% in May 2025 and being recorded at 9.5% YoY as 
on June 27, 2025, with marginal growth of just 0.40% for Q1. 
While the overall muted loan growth is primarily attributable to the corporate loan book remaining 
almost flat on YoY basis, which is reflective of the broad industry trend of deceleration in corporate 
lending due to rising competition from alternative fund sources such as bond and equity markets, the 
degrowth in Q1 in our case can be additionally attributed to scheduled heavy repayments in certain 
corporate loans, selective participation to protect margins and some internal changes taking place, 
which we had indicated in the last call. 
In terms of sectoral composition, personal finance and agriculture which contribute around 50% of 
our loan book have grown at 7.4% and 19.9% YoY respectively. Growth in personal finance in Rest 
of India at 13.4% YoY continues to outpace Jammu and Kashmir, Ladakh growth at 6.8% which is 
as per our strategy of enhancing our retail base in Rest of India. Within personal loans, housing loans 
have been the best performer at Bank level with YoY growth of 9.3%, whereas in ROI, both housing 
and car loans have witnessed an impressive double-digit growth of around 13% and 20% 
respectively. Lending to the manufacturing and financial market sectors has witnessed a YoY 
degrowth with a growth in industrial activity in India slumping to a nine-month low in May 2025 and 
banks remaining cautious in lending to NBFCs. 
The income statement has multiple positives with the operating income increasing by 9.7% YoY, 
interest earned growing by 9.1% YoY and other income by 29% YoY despite taking a one-time hit 
on account of the impairment provision referred to earlier. While operating expenditure for the 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
quarter shows a 7.7% YoY jump, the major constituent - employee expenditure, which contributes 
around 70% of the total operating expenditure of the Bank, has reduced by more than 4% on the back 
of moderating retiral costs, which we have talked about previously. 
As has been forecasted especially for the first half of financial year 2026, NIMs have started 
contracting due to a faster transmission of rate cuts on the lending side and lagging relief on deposit 
costs. The transmission of rate cuts has resulted in the yield on advances reducing to 9.35%, whereas 
cost of deposits seems to have peaked at 4.83%, resultantly, Bank has recorded a NIM of 3.72% for 
the quarter. Due to the one-time impairment provision, the annualized Return on Assets and Return 
on Equity have been recorded below our guided range at 1.17% and 14.60% respectively for the 
quarter. However, on a normalized basis, both metrics remain broadly in line with our expectations. 
Gross NPA has slightly increased to 3.5%, though the increase is majorly on account of a degrowth 
in gross advances rather than any substantial increase in NPAs. Consequently, NNPA has also 
slightly increased to 0.82%. PCR continues to be healthy above 90%. Even though there has been 
some increase in gross slippages during the quarter, however the Gross Slippages Ratio is still under 
control at 1% (annualized) for the quarter. Also, the Bank has been able to drastically reduce the 
overall SMA numbers with SMA-0 to Standard Advances Ratio declining from 15.91% to 9.01% 
sequentially, which has been enabled by the realignment of repayment dates with cash flows of 
borrowers. 
CRAR has been recorded at 15.98% with CET-1 at 12.69%. This is without reckoning the net profits 
for Q1 which has an incremental impact of 48 bps. Though the Bank has sufficient capital buffers at 
the moment, the Board has already approved raising of equity and bonds to the tune of INR1,000 
crores and INR500 crores respectively as growth capital. 
Despite compression in NIMs and measured growth, we remain confident in our strong fundamentals, 
strategic priorities and with our continued evolution are well positioned to deliver consistent 
performances going forward and create long-term value for our shareholders. 
We maintain the guidance for FY'25-26 given in our March 2025 call barring a downward revision 
for NIM, necessitated by the RBI’s surprise jumbo rate cut of 50 bps in June 2025 - its steepest move 
since the emergency 75 bps cut during COVID-19 in March 2020. 
Market Guidance for 2025-'26: 
Credit growth 12%, deposit growth 10%, CASA 48%, NIM 3.65% to 3.70%, ROA maintain around 
FY'24-25 levels, ROE 16% to 17%, GNPA below 3%. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Thank you very much for your time today. We appreciate your continued interest and support. We 
can start the questions now. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Saket 
Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, sir, and thank you for this opportunity. Sir, point is, firstly, about the other income 
component. I think, sir, for the March quarter, the other income got a boost because of some one-off 
line items to INR400 crores. The number is now towards INR250 crores and year-on-year, there is 
an increase of around INR56 crores, INR57 crores. So, what are the key components and what should 
one look for this number on a recurring basis? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
You want the entire breakup of other income, or you want what has changed? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, what has changed? And what should investors penciling in, in terms of this other income 
line item for the year as a whole or a quarterly basis? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, the other income if I give you the changes that have happened, there has been a decrease in 
commission exchange income by around INR11 crores, but there has been an increase in trading and 
treasury income by almost INR25 crores. There is a decrease in miscellaneous income by INR169 
crores, that was on account of technically written-off recovery reduced by INR173 crores due to 
NARCL release of provisions in Q4, and this is as far as QoQ is concerned. And as for YoY, the 
decrease in treasury income by INR32 crores that is on account of INR87 crores impairment that I 
spoke of, increase in technically written-off recovery by INR45 crores, then there are some penal 
charges for SMA, INR12 crores, increase in the minimum balance charges by around INR9 crores, 
increase in the income on card business by INR7 crores, and increase in SMS charges by INR5 crores. 
This is the break-up. If you want a guidance for the future, we intend to have a very strong focus on 
the other income part for the Bank. We have been augmenting our treasury, and we had a consultant, 
I mean, identified for that and the report, it is now getting implemented. So, we have a very robust 
mechanism to see that we increase our treasury and FOREX income going forward. So, this will be 
something which we will be looking forward to. There is also some reason I can say that some 
technically written-off recovery that was expected this quarter has not happened. In due course, it is 
going to happen. The other thing is why it looks a little bleak is because of the INR87 crores 
impairment that has happened because of the amalgamation of our JK Grameen Bank with the 
Ellaquai Dehati Bank as per the government guidelines. So, the Bank that we inherited as a sponsor 
was not doing well and because of our investment in that amalgamated entity as per the revised 
guidelines of Reserve Bank of India we had to provide for. Otherwise, if you exclude that, the profit 
in fact is upwards of almost 30% YoY. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. Sir, the second point which you and every Bank in this quarterly numbers have alluded to the 
fact of the compression on the NIM, and also going ahead, the new normal would be there for the 
NIMs going forward. Since the cost of funds is also going to reduce further with the 50 basis cut, 
which is to be implemented I think over the coming three months, so taking these factors into account 
and the current state of economic activities in the country, where we are hearing times of stress, 
including the tax collection part, including the PMI index, all factors, so what factors will rather keep 
the Bank's profitability up and going, the guidance that you gave, are these factors not acting as a 
hindrance of our reflection to the numbers going ahead? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
In fact, I should thank you, Saket, for asking this question. There are certain specific things that I 
want to mention which is apart from the general trend that is there in the industry, which is related to 
our Bank. I will mention the things. You have to collate them, and then you can understand what we 
are aiming at and what we intend to do. First of all, the position of J&K Bank is better than most of 
the other banks because it has a very high CASA ratio of above 45%. Now, it is 45%, it has come 
down a bit, but then it was not supported with the kind of IT we now have. And through IT and 
technology we already have plans to improve our CASA and take it up to 48%. We already have a 
measured plan for this and we are already working on it. So, this is one advantage Jammu and 
Kashmir Bank has. So, that is the reason why you see, even when you talk about compression of the 
margins, it is hardly noticeable as far as Jammu and Kashmir Bank is concerned. So, that is the 
advantage we have and what we want to do and what we are planning to do to further improve it. 
Now, as far as the cost of deposits, now, the cost of deposits, we actually can leverage on the position 
of our CASA by improving our maturity profiles in the Bank. This is a conscious decision we have 
taken. Had we not done that, our NIMs would have been slightly better than what it is today. But we 
know that even after taking this conscious decision, the NIMs will still be better than many of the 
other banks. So, we have that buffer available… that leverage available with us so that we can 
improve the maturity profile of the deposits that we have. So, it is something we are correcting, we 
are improving the position so that going forward the impact on NIM will be much lower in our Bank 
than any other Bank. This is something you can say a course correction that we have engaged in and 
we are very confident of being successful in this. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, can you give us some color on the bid pipeline especially in terms of the corporate book building 
up going ahead? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, corporate, the pipeline is close to around INR5,000 crores to INR6,000 crores. To be very honest, 
we are focusing more on the fundamental retail growth in our Bank so that it is sustainable. And you 
know that generally, the clients that we look at, they are very tough on the margins, they demand 
rates which sometimes banks like us we are not able to provide. So, going forward our base efforts 
would be to increase our retail portfolio further, not only in Jammu and Kashmir, but with select 
products in the rest of India so that we can have a strong baseline support in the advances, and 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
wherever and whenever we find good opportunities, we will definitely work on the corporate side 
also. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I will join the queue, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Solanki from RFPN Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Solanki: 
I have actually two questions. So, one is about the technical recoveries. So, you just mentioned in 
your above speech that there was some technical recovery expected in Q1 but not happened. So, is 
there expectations about Q2 or a full year you can give about? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, there are times when the recovery in technical written-off accounts, they do not follow the time 
lines many times. So, something which we were expecting to happen in the first quarter has not 
happened. So, we still have around INR250-odd crores recovery expected in technical written-off 
accounts this year. I am not very sure. I mean I expect them to come in the next quarter, but I am not 
very sure because at the last moment, there are certain glitches, but then they are all resolved 
accounts, I mean it is not that the resolution is still pending, they are all resolved accounts. So, the 
repayments are going to come. Since we hardly have any loan where we are the major lender or the 
prime lender or the sole lender, they are all consortium advances. So, there are many factors which 
lead on to the actual recovery when it happens. So, we expect around INR250 crores more to come 
this year. 
Solanki: 
Okay. And the second question is about the cost of funds. If I see that Quarter 1 almost 25 bps 
decrease in a repo rate and also in February there was 25 bps decrease. But if I see in a Quarter 1, it 
is even 3 bps, but you have increased the cost of funds by 3 bps, so is there any reason why it has not 
decreased for our guidance? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I think I mentioned about the course correction that we are having. See, first of all, the decrease in 
interest rates passes on to the borrowers much sooner than the effect happens on the bankers as far 
as the depositors are concerned. So, there is a lag. That is one thing. Second, I just now said that we 
are doing some course correction related to the residual maturities of our deposits. So, for that reason, 
we have consciously kept certain rates in deposits slightly higher than the market rates of longer 
maturities so that we can improve our maturity profile. So, that I think will be taken care of by this 
quarter. So, that from next quarter, you will witness a reduction in the cost of deposits as well. 
Solanki: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line from Sneha Ganatra from Star Union. Please go ahead. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Sneha Ganatra: 
Sir, just a couple of questions from my side. First question is, how much are we confident that we 
would be able to deliver a growth of 12% considering the vis-à-vis Q1 muted numbers? Second 
question is, any major slippages are we expecting either from the corporate or from the retail, could 
you guide us? And how do you see your overall credit cost to be kicking up over the next upcoming 
quarters also? And fourth question is, how do you see the overall cost-to-income ratio, any ballpark 
number you would like to share because considering a little bit fee income remain muted and you 
have already given the clarity and how do you see the overall treasury income to be performed over 
a period of time? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
First of all, cost-to-income, this is a one-time impact of I said the amalgamation of the RRBs, the 
impairment provision that we needed to do. That is the reason why it has gone up this quarter. So, 
definitely if you would have listened to the presentation, we have already said that the employee cost 
which constitutes 70% of our expenditure is coming down. So, we have been seriously working on 
the cost-to-income. In fact, each vertical head has a role to ensure that in his vertical, he earns 
maximum and spends less. That is the guidance given to all the vertical heads. So, cost-to-income 
ratio is something which is on the top of our agenda. As far as NPAs are concerned, yes, because of 
the geopolitical situation that prevailed in this geography, there has been some stress related to the 
tourism sector and the allied sectors corrected with tourism in this area. As I mentioned, the slippages 
have been less than 1%. And the credit cost will remain low compared to other banks as it has been 
for this Bank for the past several quarters. First of all, there is no major large corporate account which 
is under any kind of stress at the moment. So, that fortunately that portion is no longer a threat to us. 
As far as credit growth is concerned, 12% is a bare minimum that I have mentioned. I will not be 
surprised if it is more than 12%. I said the plan is to grow the retail in such a way that retail itself can 
give us a growth of 10% to 12% and then we have the opportunities that come our way in the 
corporate loan book segment which we will be ready to take up. So, 12% is something I mentioned 
is the bare minimum that I expect as far as credit growth is concerned. I hope I have answered all the 
four questions to you. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
Sir, one, you mentioned that 12% credit growth is bare minimum, do you expect that the growth will 
be coming from within J&K or outside the J&K? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, I have already mentioned before and I am repeating it, my credit growth will come 50% from 
Jammu and Kashmir region and 50% from rest of India. This is for this financial year. Going forward, 
my portfolio I want the portfolio to be 50:50. At the moment, it is 70:30. I expect the portfolio to 
become 50:50. So, obviously target of growth from rest of India would be higher in the coming years. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
And you mentioned on the deposit side; you are focusing more and the tech-related you would be 
able to focus on this. So, what are the tech-related expenses you would like to incur that will also 
have an impact on the cost-to-income ratio, anything you can just share on that front? 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, on the technology front, we have already done most of the investments that were needed to take 
the Bank to that level where it can compete with any other Bank in the country. So, there are a very 
few things which requires major expenses. So, the expenses on IT will not have that impact if I look 
at the return that we expect from those applications, that will be much more than the expenses that 
we make in IT. So, expenses in IT will not be a threat to the cost-to-income ratio. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Sir, over the last year, there has been significant investment that has been planned by the 
corporates in the region of Jammu in particular. So, in all these investment agreements and the 
investor meet, are they inclined to have our Bank for any share on the lending program or they can 
arrange the funding for the project from any of the Bank at competitive rates? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Again a very good question, Saket. Thank you for that. See, lot of investments are happening in the 
Jammu region. You are right, especially in the Kathua belt. There are two aspects to it. One, I have 
made it very clear to the UT government here that any clearances that they give for any project to be 
set up, they should always give us an opportunity, as Jammu & Kashmir Bank, to participate in all 
the projects that happen in any region in Jammu & Kashmir. So, we would definitely want to be a 
part of all the viable projects that are started in this region, that is as far as the intent is concerned. 
Now, since most of these investments are happening and the promoters do not happen to be from 
within the state, they are mostly from outside the state. So, they already have banking arrangements 
with their banks where they are banking within their core activities or outside Jammu & Kashmir. 
So, when they come here, they already come here with their lines ready with the banks they are 
already banking with. So, there I think I have been trying to get connected with the banks they are 
banking with, and I have got very good responses from most of the banks who have funded projects 
in Jammu & Kashmir, and I think there is no issue, no problem for us to get share in all these projects. 
So, I am very hopeful for getting share in almost all the projects that happen in this region. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when you alluded to the fact that you spoke to the banks who have lended to the project, so how 
will we get our pie when they are already tied up with their existing relationships with the other 
banks? I did not get the correlation, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I think you would not have asked this question if you had known my background. So, I have been in 
this industry for long enough to understand how to get our share from a consortium. And there is 
hardly any Bank in the country with their project finance teams who would not agree to give me a 
share. So, I mean, this is something I do not think I need to boast about, but that is the truth. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. Sir, when we look at IT as the enabler for every aspect in banking, today, people are not 
visiting branches, they are doing their transactions sitting at the workplace with internet-enabled 
services. So, over the last few years, sir, you are at the helm for now some time, what have been the 
major changes and major investments which you have brought about in the IT infrastructure, and 
how is our Bank going to benefit from it, especially in the recognition of stress in the NPA generation, 
how fast are we to get the alerts in the system that things may turn murkier for an account, so if you 
could just throw some light? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay. There are three aspects to this. One is the Bank at the moment is fully equipped in two areas. 
One, it is core banking which at the moment, we have the latest version of the core banking solution 
that we are using. The second is the customer interface that the mobile app that we have is perhaps 
one of the best and most user-friendly apps that I have seen at least till date. If you are specifically 
asking about what are the steps that have been taken, well, to enlighten everybody here, we now have 
the entire loan journeys of the Bank, starting from retail, agri, corporate, MSME, everything end-to-
end digitization is complete, it has been rolled out now, and the structure has been changed so as to 
enable this end-to-end digital journeys. We are also planning to have BRE journeys going forward 
so that all our products can be delivered through these end-to-end loan journeys. And we are also in 
the process of introducing the customer relationship management and data analytics as well as AI 
into our IT systems so that I mean, at least one part which you mentioned to identify the stress in the 
system and take corrective actions and get the alerts as quickly as possible so that we can work on 
them and prevent the slippages from happening. So, all in all I think what I had mentioned earlier 
also the entire Bank's vision at the moment is to take this Bank to a position where it can be called 
an IT-led Bank. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, can you explain the BRE journey? I am able to decode this. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
BRE is the Business Rule Engine. Business Rule Engine is something where there is minimum 
manual intervention. All the inputs in the loan journey is captured from either directly from the 
financials available from the borrower or from the systems, I mean, the data that is available 
universally. So, through that, the system itself gives you an indication of how much loan can be given 
to that particular borrower. So, this is something which is being used by most of the fintech 
companies as well as banks now. It reduces manual intervention and I think the lag in capacity of 
handling loan proposals is being taken care of by the Business Rule Engine. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hi, sir, this is Sonal Minhas. Sir, my first question is with regard to let us say one or two year guidance 
for your gross NPA, I see the credit cost being low, I see the slippages being low, but the opening 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
amount is fairly significant, so I just wanted to understand what are we doing this number of around 
INR3,600-odd crores, what is the direction for this number? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
If you want to know what steps we have taken, well, we have taken very significant steps where the 
loans of INR25 lakhs and above will not remain with the branches anymore. We have created special 
impaired assets branches. We call them IAPM branches where all loans above INR25 lakhs from the 
branches would be transferred, and these units will be specialized outfits to take care of loan 
recoveries and loan resolutions only. See, the loan portfolio that we have, now majorly constitutes of 
small value loans that need focused attention, small value, I mean, below INR1 crore. So, that is the 
reason we have created zone-wise IAPM branches, where they will be taken care of exclusively, that 
branch will not do any other work other than loan recovery and loan resolution of impaired assets. 
So, this is the process that we have devised, this is a new thing that we have started only this financial 
year. And going forward, I expect a lot of recoveries happening in accounts which otherwise we 
could not focus on because of the other work pressures in the branches. So, that is a step that has 
been taken. So, I believe a lot of recovery in the existing accounts are going to happen this year. And 
second, I do not feel that the new accounts have a tendency to slip that much. The slippages will be 
contained, recoveries will happen, so automatically, the overall NPA position is bound to improve. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got you, sir. Sir, in that light, I just wanted to also understand what have we done to reduce the SMA-
0? Is there a fair bit of play of tech there in SMA-0, SMA-1? I just want to understand what steps we 
have taken to reduce the numbers there as well. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
In fact, very happy to say that SMA-0s have come down by more than 50%, I mean, which used to 
be very, very high for this Bank. So, it was not a very difficult task. The identification had been done. 
What we needed to do was to align the repayments, the EMI dates of the borrowers with their cash 
flows. Earlier, it was not there. Traditionally, the EMI dates were the last day of the month or the 
second last day of the month, and essentially, the cash inflows used to happen in the first week of the 
month. So, we have now aligned the repayments with the cash flows. So, that has resulted in SMA-
0s at least, so most of the accounts were perennially SMA, they would not default, but they will 
remain SMA because the repayment won’t come within the time it was supposed to come. Now that 
the EMIs have been aligned with the cash inflows, that problem has been solved. That is one. Other 
than that, the SMA-2 and SMA-1 that we have, the advantage now that we have is the technical 
nature of the SMAs are gone now. Whatever SMAs now we will be looking at, are the actual SMAs. 
So, now we have a better chance of focusing on recovery and handling of these SMAs. Initially, the 
overlap was there and we were not able to actually identify the accounts which we needed to focus 
on. So, both ways, it has been advantageous for us. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. Sir, wanted to ask you for a guidance around credit cost or slippage. So, are we expecting 
to see similar numbers for the next two, three years or is this something which is building a new book 
because of which the base is a little low? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, it is very difficult to keep it at zero where it has been, I mean, this Bank because of the - 
Sonal Minhas: 
Credit cost 1%, maybe, that is a better number to I think - 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
It has been close to zero for quite some time. So, 1% will be what I am looking at essentially because 
we have a very strong focus on the recoveries, number 1. Number 2, we still have some amount 
which can be recovered in the technical written-off accounts and reversal of provisions can happen. 
So, all these things collectively put together I think we will be fairly around 1% only. I don’t see the 
credit cost going beyond 1% in the near future. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. Sir, I have a last question. I am a little new to I think the call. Just wanted to understand 
what all type of loans do we categorize under the financial markets head, what gets categorized under 
this head, because the NPAs are also higher, so I just wanted to understand - 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
It is only the loans to NBFCs. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay, sir. And can you just highlight which are the NBFC is there, is it HFC, is it SFC? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
It is a mix of all. We avoid unsecured loan NBFCs. Other than that, I think secured loan NBFCs are 
good enough who are well rated. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. So, all these loan of INR10,600 crores is largely secured? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
It is only secured. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. Sir, so secured, then the NPAs are a little higher, that is why I wanted to understand that the 
outstanding? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
The NPA that you see is the legacy of IL&FS, which we are in the process of recovering. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Understand. Just to consider last two to three years, what percentage of book would we have written-
off completely, like a percentage of book that we have written-off? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
In the last two years I think INR850 crores is the amount that we have written-off. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. So, less than 1%? 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Less than 1%. 
Sonal Minhas: 
And this is in the last two years, combined, right? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Yes. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. I will fall back in the queue, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Hi, sir. I just wanted to follow up on the previous question related to infrastructure. Sir, could you 
talk about how the product wise or loan category wise underwriting compare to the industry 
standards, so basically, how much of it is scorecard base and automated, how much of it requires 
manual intervention? And if you could also talk about what are the areas of improvement that you 
see over there? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
I would like to say that apart from a little bit of agri loans, and that is also not because that we do not 
want to digitize the entire journey, but because the land records in this UT is still not digitized. So, 
in the absence of that, we are still not able to digitize the entire agri loan process. Other than that, all 
other loans, whether it is personal finance, trade, agri, financial market services, infra, manufacturing, 
everything, all the loan journeys we have now end-to-end digitized. So, there will hardly be any 
manual intervention as far as the loan journeys are concerned. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Sir, I mean I just wanted to understand that the legacy NPAs that we are carrying on the book, 
operationally, I just wanted to understand what has changed from the time when those loans got 
disbursed? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, you would have noticed in the last I should say eight to nine quarters the legacy NPAs have 
steadily come down. I mean it used to be close to 12%, 13%, 14% sometime back and it has come 
down… I mean I am talking about gross NPAs, it has come down to 3% now. The recoveries that 
have happened and if you also analyze the provision write-back that has happened during this period 
because of these recoveries, the aging provisions and all, you would realize that there has been a very 
strong focus of the Bank on recovering the legacy loan NPA accounts, it will continue. The low-
hanging fruit may not be there anymore. We would need more focused processes. And from time-to-
time, we come out with one-time settlement scheme. So, through that also, even this year, we had a 
fairly successful OTS scheme, only that we had to extend the repayment period because of the event 
that happened in Pahalgam because of that, some people had problems in repaying in time, the 
deadline was 30th June. That is the reason I said in the beginning itself, some repayments in NPAs 
as well as TWOs could not happen before June because we had to extend the time period because of 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
obvious difficulties people were facing. So, I would say going forward these are going to come down 
steadily. When I say that the NPA guidance is less than 3%, primarily I look towards recovery in the 
legacy loan accounts containing these slippages from happening and also some robust recovery in 
TWO. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kashyap Zaveri from EIML. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Zaveri: 
Just one book-question. What is the recovery number included in other income? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
It is INR74 crores. 
Kashyap Zaveri: 
Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonaal Singh Kohli from Bowhead. 
Sonaal S Kohli: 
Thank you for this opportunity and congratulations on good numbers. Sir, broadly, my question is 
regarding your credit cost. When you talk about 1% credit cost, are you talking generally speaking 
from a longer-term perspective based on the industry experience? Are you speaking specifically 
based on what you are seeing today for the next 12-months perspective, because both could mean 
very differently; one would mean that generally speaking at some point of time credit cost will go 
1% across cycles, while one would imply that like other banks we also started seeing like some of 
the banks reported really wide NPAs because of their mix we also expect because of certain signs 
which we are seeing we also expect the credit cost to become 1%? Thank you. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
So, thank you. In fact, your question is very, very pertinent. In fact, what I have answered is based 
on this Bank-specific the experience that I have had over the past six months looking at what has 
happened in this Bank for the last I think, six, seven, eight years. You are right, industry trends might 
change it, but then I have a belief that the resilience of the UT of Jammu & Kashmir has been much 
more because of the adversaries that this UT has faced over a period of time. So, the consistency that 
I expect from this UT regarding this particular aspect I think I can safely agree with what has 
happened in the last few quarters. But then as you say, it cannot be said as a general thing because 
the cycles do happen, the industry-related issues do come up. In fact, even after what has happened 
in the last quarter and the kind of steps that I could see in the book, it makes me further more confident 
that we will be able to keep it to the guidance level. 
Sonaal S Kohli: 
Sir, actually what I was referring to was that 1% seems very high specifically speaking in the near-
term. So, my question, what is that would it be much higher 1%? My question actually implies that 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
1% seems really high in the context of what we have seen in the Bank versus other banks so far. So, 
that is what I was looking at. Are you seeing any signs of 1% credit cost in near term? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
In fact I did not say 1%, I said it would be below 1%, it will be below 1%, it could be around 15 to 
20 bps this year. 
Sonaal S Kohli: 
Okay. Understood. That is what I was wondering that what has happened in the Bank that suddenly 
- 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
No, I did not say 1%, I said it will be below 1%. 
Sonaal S Kohli: 
15, 20 basis points is what you expect this year. And sir, what kind of slippages do you see going 
ahead? Do you see the slippages in the near term increasing by any chance based on what has 
happened in Jammu & Kashmir compared to the quarter gone by? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Some SMAs have creeped in. If you look at the SMA-2 numbers, it has gone up. But then through 
the UTLBC we have proposed to the UT government to notify this area because of these disturbances 
created in the last quarter as a disturbed area so that we can implement the master circular related to 
restructuring of Reserve Bank of India, and the government has agreed, and the note has already been 
put up I think in a few days we will have the notification. So, we will be able to rephase or restructure 
these accounts, of course, we will be doing it very selectively, it's not for everybody, we will do it 
for selective accounts only, and I am very sure we will be able to keep these accounts standard. There 
is one more aspect to it. Since this was announced, this proposal for notification at the UTLBC, there 
is a general tendency of people to wait and watch and maybe some people even if they were in a 
position to repay, they have held it back. So, that might have resulted in a slight upward movement 
in the SMA-2 and slight increase in the NPAs this quarter, but it is too small to be worried about at 
the moment. That is what I can say. 
Sonaal S Kohli: 
And sir, how is the tourism activity right now in Jammu & Kashmir, has it seen any revival? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Three things actually I would mention. One is the introduction of the Vande Bharat Express, the 
second is the Amarnath Yatra, and the third is a very strong support of the governments by having 
events in Jammu & Kashmir regularly, like we have had several parliamentary committees 
happening, where I mean, in one parliamentary committee, there were 31 parliamentarians who had 
come and visited Srinagar. Also, very recently, we had the Supreme Court Justices conference here. 
So, promoting the fact that people can freely and safely come to Srinagar has been one of the focus 
areas of the government, both the UT government as well as the central government. Although it is 
still muted, but I believe after the Amarnath Yatra is over, I believe the tourism will pick up again. 

 
Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
July 28, 2025 
 
Sonaal S Kohli: 
Thank you so much for your detailed reply and wish you all the best with all the initiatives you are 
taking. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Amitava Chatterjee for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you very much, Shruti, and thank you all the participants for joining in today. For any further 
questions or queries, you can contact our Investor Relations Desk. Thank you very much. Have a 
good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Jammu and Kashmir Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
