 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
Corporate Office: 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122 002, Haryana, India. Ph: + 91 12-4518900 
Registered Office: B-6/20, L.S.C., Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-110 029, India, Ph: +91-11-40511800 
E-mail: enquiries@sandhar.in, website: www.sandhargroup.com; CIN-L74999DL1987PLC029553  
 
 
Ref: STL/SE/ 2025-26/Investor Call Transcript /36 
 
Dated: 14th August, 2025 
 
To,                                                                              To, 
Department of Corporate Services                             Listing Department  
BSE Limited                                                               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street                   C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400001                                                        Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051 
 
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call held for Q1 FY 2025-2026  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated 01st August, 2025 related to the Investor Conference Call and 
pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor’s Conference 
Call held on 08th August, 2025 to discuss the Un-Audited Financial results for the 01st quarter 
ended 30th June, 2025. 
 
The 
above 
information 
will 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
www.sandhargroup.com.   
 
Further an Audio Recording regarding the Investor Conference Call is submitted to the Stock 
Exchange vide letter dated 08th August, 2025.   
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Yashpal Jain 
 
Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary 
M. No. A13981 
 
Encl. as above 
Yashpal Jain
Digitally signed by 
Yashpal Jain 
Date: 2025.08.14 12:26:45 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NEEL JAY DAVAR – NON-EXECUTIVE NON-
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GURVINDER JEET SINGH – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR AND HEAD, CORPORATE STRATEGY – 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. CHIRAG JAIN – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sandhar Technologies Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Jain from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you, Anushka. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, 
I would like to welcome you all to the 1Q FY '26 earnings conference call of Sandhar 
Technologies Limited. 
 
Today, we have with us from the management team, Mr. Jayant Davar, Chairman, Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Neel Jay Davar, Director; Mr. Gurvinder Jeet Singh, Whole Time 
Director and Head of Corporate Strategy; and Mr. Yashpal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and 
Company Secretary. 
 
We'll begin the call with opening comments from the management team, followed by the Q&A 
session. Over to you, Mr. Davar. 
Jayant Davar: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Anushka, and thank you, Chirag, for putting this together. 
Let me begin by, first of all, saying hello once again to this Trump affected world. But I think 
where India is concerned, I do believe that we will probably gain in the end than lose. 
 
In today's call, I'm sure that all of you have received the presentation, the investor presentation, 
you have a copy of it. But let me focus on just 3 or 4 things to begin with. Can everybody hear? 
I hear some kind of a hiss. Can everybody hear me? Chirag, Anushka? 
Chirag Jain: 
Yes, It's audible sir. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Your audio is clear. 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Let me begin by a few of the comments on a few points to make. First of all, on Sandhar's 
growth, we are happy to share again that we have achieved a growth of 21% growth over the 
quarter 1 of financial 2025. In fact, in the India business that growth is 22% at a consolidated 
level.  
And we expect to continue the growth momentum over the last year's numbers, depending, of 
course, on the geopolitical situation, uncertainty with tariffs, not that we get affected by the 
tariffs but in the overall sentiment, growth in the auto and OHV sector and, of course, other 
related events that could come. 
 
Our consolidated EBITDA stood at 9.18 in the current quarter versus 9.85 in quarter 1 of 2025. 
These are exceptional reasons. There is a reason of the foreign currency translation loss, which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
is notional, which is INR4.5 crores. There is a commodity price impact in this quarter, which 
will be covered up, of course, in the next one, but that's close to INR3 crores. We have a one-
time old lag of power change costs in Mexico, that's one-time. That's again cost us about INR2 
crores or so. 
 
There were two of our customers who, because of their supply issues, not demand, supply issues, 
lost us business of about almost INR20 crores. And then there is the changeover that is happening 
in the construction sector from BS IV to BS V, and that also put a stint on the sales for this 
particular quarter. So it is a part of the presentation, but I thought it fit to give my comments on 
it, and I'll be open for comments there as well. 
 
In terms of joint venture, the company has reviewed its strategy to continue in the JV business 
format. We are consolidating our business activities and focusing on core business. But I'm very 
happy to announce that besides the two, one is Jinyoung Sandhar Mechatronics and Kwangsung 
Sandhar Technologies, where we sold off our stake in these companies. The balanced JVs that 
we have are all profitable. Currently, the company has an investment of INR62.72 crores in the 
5 JVs, and I'm happy to announce all of them are positive, both EBITDA and tax. 
 
In terms of our overseas subsidiaries, you are aware that the European and other global markets 
have a severe degrowth, marked by unstable geopolitical conditions. And now being exacerbated 
by the U.S. tariff uncertainty. There's been a slowdown in Europe. There is a decrease in 
consumption there. And most of the countries there are facing degrowth.  
Costs there are increasing. These have also affected our overseas operations, and we registered 
a loss of EUR1.06 million. This is including the foreign exchange translation loss of EUR0.46 
million. So half of it is on account of foreign exchange translation loss in quarter 1 compared to 
a profit of EUR0.04 million in quarter 1 of 2025. 
 
You'll be happy to know the company has taken many steps now to reduce cost, increase 
operational efficiency and expand the customer and product base. We are very, very hopeful that 
'25-'26 would be crucial to turn around our overseas operations and bring them into profitability. 
 
The last aspect I want to speak about is our EV foray. As the company has started commercial 
production of battery chargers, motor controller and DC-DC converters and is getting very 
positive response in the market. The customer base is gradually increasing with more customers 
and we generated a revenue of a little less than INR2 crores in the first quarter to begin with. 
 
So with that, I open the house for questions. We have with us today Neel and GJ, who are joining 
me as directors, and we have Mr. Yashpal Jain, who is the CFO, who will take on any questions 
regarding to any numbers or so on and so forth. With that, thank you very much once again. We 
are open for questions now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Aditya Kondawar from Complete Circle. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Aditya Kondawar: 
Sir, first question was on the INR500 crores QIP. Any color on how the proceeds will be used? 
And second, my question on debt. I know, of course, last con-call also, Mr. Yashpal said the 
debt may peak a bit, but didn't still, just wanted an update of the same. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Yashpal. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sir. Morning, Aditya. Replying to your first question regarding the QIP. So we have put up 
a proposal to borrow up to -- sorry, to raise up to INR50 crores. And largely, we are focusing on 
some more acquisitions, which may come up during the year. As you know, the validity of this 
approval from the shareholders is for a year. 
 
So we thought to put it before the Board to subsequently take it over to the shareholders, sir. 
And the large part will be used -- or I would say the major portion will be used for the further 
future acquisitions as well as some acquisitions. As you remember, in the month of March, we 
have done, and we are expanding those lines also to increase the capacity. So this is regarding 
the QIP. 
 
Coming to the debt portion, we had a gross debt of INR862 crores as of June and a net debt of 
INR825 crores. And I think as I have spoken in the earlier calls also last year, I mean, while 
giving an update on the Q4 FY '24-'25, the debt pressure might continue during this year because 
of the past acquisitions that we have done in the month of March and some of the new projects 
that are coming up. 
 
But yes, we tend to keep the debt -- levels of debt within the present limits, actually, we don't 
want that it crosses INR900 crores at any point of time. So we'll try to rationalize it between 
INR850 crores to INR900 crores at the maximum side. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Saurabh Jain from Sunidhi. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Yes. I have a few questions. To begin with, what was the revenue and EBITDA contribution 
from the acquired business of Sundaram during the quarter? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So the revenue was some above INR100 crores, you can say, around INR103 crores for the 
quarter 1. And as far as EBITDA is concerned, it was EBITDA business. But at the PBT level, 
we have sustained losses as I mentioned in the earlier calls, the cost has been higher. EBITDA 
has been at a level of INR4 crores. It was around 4%. Because the operational costs, we started 
operations from 1st April 2025.  
And as I mentioned in earlier calls also, this year would be a little bit tougher because we are 
operating from shared premises from the seller's premise itself, which is a common complex for 
other companies also. So might be this year, it would be at a breakeven level by close the year-
end. But yes, from next year onwards, It will be back to the normal margins that we expect from 
our die-casting business. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So breakeven at EBITDA level? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
No EBITDA level, we will try to sustain around 6%, 6.5% at the year-end. EBIT level can be a 
flat, EBIT can be a flat level. Because this was the first quarter, April, we started the operation. 
So the quarter was a little bit challenging also in terms of organizing the activities, organizing 
the operations, so the costs were higher. 
Saurabh Jain: 
And sir, my second question is what was the contribution from smart locks in this quarter, which 
we were expecting to the revenue recognition to beginning this quarter. So how do you see that 
moving in the coming quarters? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like for the smart lock, it is just the beginning as we sought some pilot projects, pilot locks 
have been submitted to the customers. So you need to wait for year-end, at least this year-end 
when the volume shoots up because it's directly dependent on the sales of the OEs. 
 
From our side, we are ready to supply any quantity that they require. But, as of now, for this first 
quarter, the volumes are quite, I would say -- just, I would say, a test sample type, a very 
miniscule type of volumes are there for smart locks.  
And I think by the yearend, the penetration should see depending on how the country performs. 
How the consumer demand picks up and the preference of the consumers with respect to the 
models which are carrying the smart locks. 
Jayant Davar: 
Just to add to that, let me put it into perspective. We are looking at the first year expected 
volumes of smart locks are about between 60,000 to 70,000 numbers. Yes, 60,000 to 70,000 
numbers per customer 1 and about half of that for customer 2. 
Saurabh Jain: 
And for this fiscal, FY '26? 
Jayant Davar: 
That's right. That's right. And basically, the offtake, while like Mr. Yashpal said, the pilot lots 
have all been validated and fitted onto vehicles. The Ascent will start from quarter 2. But the 
overall impact of this would largely come in the second part of the year. And of course, it will 
go on to a regular platform for year 2, which is the next financial year. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Great. Sir, coming to cabins and fabrications, which recorded a moderate degrowth. So was that 
due to the new norms with respect to air condition cabins? Do you see this segment to see a 
rebound? 
Jayant Davar: 
No, this has nothing to do with air conditioned cabins. This has to do with the engine norms of 
BS IV to BS V. BS IV to BS V engine change price difference. So the customers had built and 
supplied in the market with the BS IV vehicles. BS V changeover is happening now. So when 
that happens, the entire ecosystem kind of changes. And therefore, we expect that from the -- I 
would expect from the next month onwards probably, sales would get back into normal levels. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. So the pent-up demand of last 2 quarters should eventually make up for the rest of the 
year, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, that's difficult for me to say, that's difficult for me to say what the new demand is going to 
be because the newer vehicles will also cost a little more. So the market needs time to get used 
to new prices. Therefore, the construction equipment manufacturers had pushed larger numbers 
to get rid of the Euro 4 or BS IV vehicles. 
 
The new demand is being built. But in the meantime, there is a lag that happened in quarter 1 
and will probably continue till next month onwards. So you will get -- let me say, a regular 
demand from the half of the second quarter. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Great. Sir, my last question is on if you see the category-wise split, so 4-wheelers, OHVs, and 
CVs all have seen a lower contribution, both on Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis. So of course, that may 
be due to good growth in 2-wheelers. But at the same time, if we see these revenues from 4-
wheeler OHVs and CVs in absolute terms also, there has been hardly any growth. So how do 
you see this split shaping up for the full year and FY '27, if you can comment on that. 
Jayant Davar: 
I had started at today's call by telling you that two of our customers had suffered their production 
on account of supply issues. For example, I can even name to some extent, let's say, the business 
of Hero, they had supply issues, so they literally manufactured a little over half of what they 
normally do in the month of April and May. 
 
They, of course, are ramping up now and they don't want to change the business plan for the 
year. So I'm sure they will recover. But in the meantime, that suffering that happened in the first 
quarter affected all of us. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. And one small question if can say, sir, we were expecting like 0.5 percentage kind of 
EBITDA margin expansion in this fiscal. So we -- in the first quarter, we have, of course, a few 
one-offs, which you explained. So do you -- are we on track to have that 0.5 percentage of 
EBITDA margin expansion for this year. 
Jayant Davar: 
At this point of time, we see no reason to change our projection. Yashpal, do you want to add 
something to it? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sir. Adding to that, we are very much on the targets of improving the margins by 0.5%. 
First quarter has been exceptional with a few of exceptional items, that we have mentioned in 
the investor presentation also. So quarter -- starting quarter 2 to quarter 4, the recovery would 
be coming up, especially in the acquired businesses also as well as the overseas business results. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, if we summarize the first quarter's operational performance and we take the one-off out from 
the sales -- from the profitability part, this has been a tough quarter in terms of profitability also. 
So if you could just give some sense, although there is an increase in revenue, but when we 
remove the other income component, the profitability has taken a hit. Is that understanding 
correct, sir? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no, no, it's not. So let me just answer this in my form, and then, of course, Yashpal will 
explain this better. See, you have to understand that 10% of the revenue which came from the 
new acquisition had a negative content to it in terms of bottom line, both at EBITDA and PAT 
levels, right? We suffered losses. And we -- the EBITDA margin, like he said, was only INR4 
crores, which is about 3% compared to the other numbers, which pulled the entire thing down. 
 
If you have the analysis of reasons and normalized margins, I think that's a part of the investment 
presentation that we have given. If we look from that perspective, then our EBIT margin, if you 
were to take those one-offs, comes to a level of 5.64% at EBT level. So it is higher normalized 
EBIT on our understanding here was in the level of INR78 crores, compared to what we have. 
So there is a huge difference in this entire ball game. Yashpal, you can explain more on this. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sure, sir. So basically, if we compare the operations-wise, after eliminating this onetime or 
I would say, the exceptional items, is not a fall in the profits because we review on a unit-to-unit 
basis, exceptionally, there are only 4 or 5 units, which are in the maturity level, especially the 
newly acquired business, Sundaram-Clayton, and 3 other units, which we have commissioned 
in the last year, and they are yet to achieve the volumes. 
 
So taking these together, plus the overseas operations. These have contributed negatively. Plus 
all the other businesses are performing well. And in cabins and fabrication, 50% of the margins 
we got a hit this year compared to the corresponding quarter because of the lower volumes. As 
in the, I would say, previous question and answer as far as told is the migration from BS IV to 
BS V has taken a turn. The volumes are lower from the customer side. Rest, all other operations 
or the units are working perfectly well and as per our projected plan. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, in the P&L on a consolidated basis, we find this other expenses line item to be not in 
proportionate to what it has been earlier. So what does this other expense line item of INR176 
crores one-off include, sir, for this quarter, sir? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like these also includes the foreign translation losses also, one thing. Secondly, as we told -- 
and secondly, as we told like we acquired Sundaram Clayton business, the first quarter has been 
challenged. So there has been some initial costs also, which we have charged to the P&L account. 
And 3 of our plants, which were commissioned last year, their expenses of testing, development, 
all those stuff are coming up, which cannot be classified because the other expenses are very 
residual category. 
 
It's comprised of nearly more than 50 to 60 GL accounts. So that is the reason. These are the 
initial costs. Initial, you can say, development costs, initial setup costs, which have been charged 
off and also it includes the foreign exchange fluctuation also within it. That is the reason, the 
translation fluctuation. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, as you answered to earlier participant that the translation loss is only to the tune of INR2.5 
crores. Was this the number which you mentioned earlier? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Translation is INR4.5 crores. If you see our analysis in the normalized also, the translation is 
INR4.5 crores for the overseas business. And you need to understand how it happens. Like in 
Romania, we operate in RON. Mexico, we operate in USD and Barcelona, we operate in EUR. 
So Barcelona is a holding company for overseas operations. 
 
So first consolidation is done versus RON versus euro and USD versus euro. Then post that, the 
reporting currency of the parent company's INR, then the entire euro is again reconverted to 
INR. So if you see the currency fluctuation between March and June, euro has appreciated by 
9%, 9.5% compared to INR. And the same is the case with USD versus euro. 
 
So INR4.5 crores we have taken in terms of Indian rupees, which has been accounted for. But 
when you take the translation from Romania to Barcelona and USD to euro for the Mexican 
operation, that is a separate one. And when we consolidate the entire expenses comes to a final 
end. So that's how -- but there has not been any abnormal cost in the other expenses, being a 
residual category, that's the reason it's going up. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So just to conclude on this point, so what should we expect on a -- if we remove the one-off item 
for this quarter, that should be the run rate, I think so. If we compare it on a Q-on-Q basis, it is 
around INR28 crores, INR29 crores. So barring this currency fluctuation, which we do not know 
how the currency will behave. The balance INR20 crores, INR24 crores is what I assume is the 
one-off item, and that should not -- that should be in a non-recurring manner that should hold 
ground for the... 
Yashpal Jain: 
So Mr. Kapoor, I would request if you just go through this analysis of reasons. So if we go 
through it, you will see total exceptional one-time is INR16 crores, right? Then in the new 
projects, which are yet to achieve is INR10.5 crores, INR10.65 crores. That makes an impact of 
INR27 crores, so as our Chairman has also explained to the earlier participant that foreign 
currency translation loss, the INR4.5 crores that we have shown, that is from the conversion 
from overseas to India. 
 
It all depends on currency size if INR100 euro goes down to INR90, this will be a reverse 
situation in the next quarter, barring the commodity price impact and the one-time power cost in 
Mexico, so the commodity price cost is depend because what happens is the customer reimburses 
us on the basis of average price of the earlier quarter. 
 
And during the quarter, the buying price might be higher than the average price because of 
buying price of the current quarter. So it's a lag of 1 quarter, which continues. But in case the 
commodity prices comes down, it will be a negative -- I would say, a positive impact in the 
coming quarter. 
 
Power cost is a onetime, nonrecurring. INR10.65 crores, it includes the Sundaram projects and 
other new projects, which is an exception, I would say, because second quarter, we are expecting 
the volume should come up and quarter 1 is always traditionally a lower volume quarter, in terms 
of the auto industry. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
So majority of them are the exceptional one. Barring them, if you eliminate INR27 crores, we 
are back to the normalized EBITDA margins. And I think they should continuously improve 
also. 
Jayant Davar: 
Your question as to what it would have been -- your question as to what it would have been. I 
think it's written in the chart a normalized profit would have -- at EBIT level would have been 
INR61.43 crores, compared to what we have -- compared to the number that you have.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And on the aluminum casting business, the consolidation part if you could explain that 
the rationale and the benefits that flows into? And I have one suggestion, sir. What we find as 
investors and analysts is that our presentations are uploaded at around midnight, at around 11:45 
and then the call is held very early in the morning at 10 AM. So if these two can adjusted, sir, 
that will provide us more opportunity and no repetitive questions which are present in the 
presentation will not occur going ahead, sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
No, you have a good suggestion. What we will do is next time onwards, we'll probably give 24 
hours before we have this meeting. Because the meeting held yesterday by the time we send our 
documents to SEBI and then prepare this, it obviously takes time. But next time onwards, we 
will make sure that we give a 1-day gap before we have this conversation. What was your 
question, sir? 
Saket Kapoor: 
On the aluminum casting business consolidation, if you could just explain the rationale and 
what's the benefit we will explore going ahead? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. So what we are doing, sir, in the entire case scenario, we are consolidating businesses. And 
so aluminum, which is now becoming a big entity, sheet metal, which is becoming a big entity, 
our automotive proprietary business, which is becoming a big category and the fourth portion is 
the construction equipment. 
 
These are 4 being rationalized into large businesses. As such, these grew out of supplementary 
growth areas. So when we made loss, we started making -- then we started making aluminum 
parts and so on and so forth. 
 
But as we grew, we felt that there was an outside demand -- and to meet that demand, when we 
started to grow these businesses, each one of them is now at considerable levels and are poised 
to grow much faster than some of the other businesses.  
So aluminum business, as you would see, I don't know what guidance we've given so far, but 
our internal business plan is literally to double from where we were last year. Similarly, sheet 
metal business with the addition of 3 supplementary plants that have been put, is also growing 
at a level, which is very, very aggressive. 
 
So we are developing these 4 verticals to grow much faster. And each vertical is being given the 
autonomy to become like an independent company. That sir, is the case scenario where we will 
be able to use volume, sales and growth and core competence of each business in a much better 
fashion than we do it together as hybrid. Yashpal, do you want to add? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sure, sir. So Mr. Kapoor, as you remember, 3 years back, we were operating predominantly 
into locks and mirrors, our parent business, the proprietary business. And gradually, then we 
started leveraging to the market in terms of the new products, die casting, sheet metal, and we 
did our capex investments also in these projects. 
 
Now the purpose of hiring of these business to a separate entity to create large-sized companies 
to take on the competitors and the market effectively because earlier, we were working in the 
hybrid company, the parent company, Sandhar Technologies, used to contain 4 different 
verticals. 
 
So now we are focusing on a specialized companies with the dedicated teams looking and 
concerning and focusing on their specific areas. So for Sandhar Ascast will be dedicated to die 
casting business for aluminum and zinc, and they can effectively take on and capture the market. 
 
The same is the aim behind handing the sheet metal business to Sandhar Engineering so that 
they can effectively create a large fabrication company, more focused on that. And while the 
parent company will continue to develop and market the technologically driven products, sir. So 
this is how the strategy is. 
 
And we want to create value for all shareholders in terms of creating these 3 to 4 entities who 
are very sizable in size, and they can take on the market share very effectively and can create, I 
would say, a long-standing effect in the market in terms of the products that we are operating 
now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So if I may just squeeze in one more on the capex and the new capacity addition for the 
year in the different verticals. What is the capex that we have outlined for the current year? How 
much have we spent for the first quarter? And the new capacity that will get commercialized 
during the year and its contribution to the total top line? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like in the first quarter, we have spent INR101 crores, which includes the balance 
consideration of INR50 crores that we have paid to Sundaram-Clayton. As you remember, we 
bought it for INR163 crores, INR113 crores we discharged before March and INR50 crores we 
have discharged on 13th of April, right? Another INR50 crores we have added to our existing, 
which includes some portion to die casting also and some portion to the sheet metal business 
also. 
 
This year, in terms of more expansion plans, we are tending to spend something around INR200 
crores more. This includes -- so if you assume it would be INR300 crores and minus the INR50 
crores of upfront that we paid to Sundaram-Clayton, so effectively, INR250 crores of growth as 
well as maintenance capex would be there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the new capacity, which will get commissioned or will continue to be top line for this year? 
What are the new? 
Yashpal Jain: 
New capacities would be ready by the year-end. So effectively the contribution would be coming 
from the next year because normally die casting, sheet metal whenever we start making the plans 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
for extending the capacity, 6 to 7 months, it takes to build up the capacity, then the customer 
trials, verification, the development cost sampling, all these comes up. So effectively, the 
revenue additions will be coming from FY '26, '27. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, any color you would give for this quarter, how are traditionally quarter 2 is for the 
company and the industry. Q1 is softer, as you mentioned in your opening remarks. So going 
forward, how -- the Q2 is a monsoon affected quarter, but since we are present globally in many 
countries. 
 
So how should we look at Q2? And what we are hearing from the news is that the demand for 
the automobile has shrink month-on-month. So will that have any effect or should be having 
effect on our business profile or our business program, if you could just allude to the same. 
Jayant Davar: 
I personally see that quarter 2 will be considerably better than quarter 1. One reason, one-off 
content will not be there. Businesses that had been set up in the last few years are stabilizing. 
The new acquisition itself is stabilizing. So I personally feel that we will get a much better and 
a considerable improvement over quarter 1. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I'll join the queue for follow-up. But there is lack of awareness for investing community 
since the IPO, valuations or the enterprise value have remained subdued. So I think with the 
variety of businesses and lines which we operate, more understanding for the investing 
community, I think so is the need of our side. 
 
Otherwise, the valuations are not aligned to what other listed companies in the market are. So 
we should look into the aspect of what are the reasons why investors are not unable to figure out 
the value embedded in our company. 
 
And I think so, sir, you are coming with this QIP offering. So a lot of work should be done before 
going for raising capital because that is a very conscious effect and that is perpetual capital 
coming in the company. So diluting the equity and then serving the equity is going to be a 
perpetual job. So my thought process was there. 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no absolutely, I take your suggestion, and I think we need to play our game or make sure 
that the effect and the constituents of what we want to do in the future is much more elaborated. 
It is in an elaborated form for the investor community.  
If you look at verticalization that I spoke about earlier, that in itself is a way forward in 
explaining how we want to branch out and each one of these branches has its own value, which 
is today embedded and has not been monetized in the way it should be. 
 
But we will sit with your community, sir. We will understand your points better. We will try and 
make presentations in a format where people can understand us today and understand our vision 
for the future. Yashpal, do you want to respond? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So basically, Mr. Kapoor, as I just told and adding to what our sir has said, like we were operating 
in a hybrid model with a different product line, different margin profiles. So that's the reason we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
are going to the segmentization now. And I think we are meeting all the leading investors also, 
and we welcome you also to join us. 
 
And nearly in a year around 6 to 7 conferences we are attending and hosting also through our 
channel partners, the research partners. And coming period of time by this year, we plan to do 
the entire restructuring so that we have a very clear picture and the plans of each of these 
companies, how they want to take on the market in the coming period of next 5 years. 
 
So I think that will be very helpful for the investors to take a wise decision. And soon, you will 
be hearing that -- I mean, all these companies in die casting, sheet metal are paring product, they 
will be running into good successes, and we are very positive on the same. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And we should look for IR also, sir, going ahead, appointing an Investor Relations firm 
is also the need of the hour because only for the team to handle these assets in such a big market 
on a day-to-day basis is little tough. 
Jayant Davar: 
I agree, Saket, I agree. Absolutely. In fact, you see, if you look at our business, maybe it's gone 
under the radar. But let's say, die casting, where a few years ago, maybe till about 3 or 4 years 
ago, we were one of the 100 players.  
And now we are in the Top 5, similarly in sheet metal. So the jump has been dramatic and we've 
taken advantage of the opportunities that have been presented to us. But I think we have not been 
able to present our vision properly to the investor community. 
 
And you're right, we will consider having an investment in investor relation agency maybe for 
investment relationship. And that will help us in broadening the overall scope and the reach to 
who we want to reach. Thank you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir, for the elaborate answer. Sir, I missed your aluminum die casting business 
guidance, we will be doubling the revenue in a year's time or I think so 3% was contribution for 
the current year. So what should we look forward with this consolidation from the aluminum 
casting business growing for the next year? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpal, can we give them some reference on the business plan basis or what numbers it is for 
this year, including the new acquisition? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Actually, we will be ready by the end of second quarter. We are waiting with more customer 
addition. So in the second quarter, in the call, we'll be able to throw more light on the same. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Preet from InCred Asset Management. 
Preet: 
My first question would be in the line of revenue guidance, which you gave in the quarter 4 of 
around 14% to 15% of Sundaram-Clayton. Is it -- and I can see that in quarter 1, there was 7%, 
8% of growth ex of Sundaram-Clayton. So are you still maintaining this target? And if yes, then 
from which segment you see the growth would be? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
This is regarding overseas operations, right? 
Preet: 
Am I audible, sir? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. Can you just repeat the question again because your voice is down? 
Preet: 
I was saying, sir, the revenue guidance which you gave in the quarter 4 was 14% to 15%. And 
in the quarter 1, the revenue growth ex of Sundaram-Clayton, is 7%, 8%. So do you still maintain 
this guidance? And if yes, then from which segment are you -- will you be getting this growth. 
Jayant Davar: 
No, let me just bring it up and then I'll leave it for Yashpal to quote this forward. I did mention 
to you that there were two customers who had supply issues, and therefore, they cut their 
manufacturing or their production output to a little over half. 
 
And they do have plans to cover that up. So in a normalized way, it would have been higher. 
And we do expect to cover up a large part of what we've lost in the subsequent quarters of this 
year. Yashpal? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sir. So we maintain our -- the sales target that we have released in the earlier call sir, the 
quarter 1 has been exception due to the customer side, but we're starting quarter 2, I think we 
should be able to achieve the targets that we have set up. 
Preet: 
And next question would be in the line of margin. You have guided for 50 basis point margin 
improvement. So I just wanted to ask, will it be ex-Sundaram-Clayton business? Or you are 
talking about reported basis? Like in FY '25, we have done margin of around 10%, so 10.5% 
would be from ex-Sundaram or it will be overall business? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Like Sundaram, as I said to the earlier part or would be not to our expectation that we expect 
EBITDA in the current year. But still, we have kept a target to improve by 0.5%, which means 
anything starting up to 0.5%, we'll try to improve it, including Sundaram-Clayton.  
When we say 0.5%, it means the entire consolidated financials, we'll try to improve up to 0.5%, 
starting from 10 bps to 50 bps basis, any improvement would be there. Yes, the profits or I would 
say the margins from Sundaram-Clayton would not be up to that level in the current financial 
year. 
 
But there are other businesses who are doing good. So they should offset this -- the gap in the 
Sundaram-Clayton margins. But I think up to 0.5%, anything between 10 bps to 50 bps, we 
should see an improvement in the current financial year. 
Preet: 
Sir, my last question would be in the line of your long-term plan. Like now you have been doing 
INR500-odd crores of QIP and you are still planning to do inorganic acquisition. I just wanted 
to understand what is your aspire segment mix, say, 5 years down the line? What kind of segment 
mix are you targeting to achieve? Which segments are your main focus areas? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So I'll answer your question differently. Now our focus area would be those segments, which 
could yield us higher margins, profitability and stability in the market and a good ROC to our 
stream investors. So that is still open. We are evaluating all the segments within the industry, 
and we will choose our best one to utilize these proceeds as and when we go to the shareholders 
or the investors to raise this money. 
Preet: 
Got it. And if you can give the packing order for the EBITDA margin in our segments or what 
are the top EBITDA margin segments? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So automotive business, locks and mirrors is the oldest and the highest margin driven business 
in terms of EBITDA as well as EBIT. 
Preet: 
Followed by? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Followed by die casting. And I think by the year-end, sheet metal will also come to the same 
line because most of the projects, they have achieved their maturity level, and they have shown 
a very good turnaround this year with a more than 50% improvement in their EBITDA margins 
compared to the quarter -- corresponding quarter of the last year. 
Preet: 
And just 1 question. If you can mention segment-wise capacity utilization of all the segments. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So capacity-wise, if you really ask me like sheet metal, we are earlier operating around 60% to 
65%. Now it has gone up to above 70% -- 72% to 70%. And similarly, in others also, we are 
operating like around 60% to 70%. And as far as -- because we operate in different segments, 
the product natures are different, the lines in case of the assembly business is different. 
 
So specifically, if you ask me how many machines are running at what capacity. So it's, I would 
say, composite average figure. But yes, we have capacity to achieve the sales target that we have 
set, the revenue target that we have set for another 3 years of time. That much of capacities we 
have built up. And further, we will be going for some inorganic route also, as Chairman sir has 
said, so that we'll be evaluating now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office. 
Ashish Soni: 
Sir, regarding this acquisition, which you are planning with QIP money, so any particular 
business line you are looking to diversify? And what's your typical parameters in terms of 
acquisition, in terms of ROCE or margin accretive? What's your typical guidelines? So can you 
throw some light on that? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like this fundraising INR500 crores, the first start towards going for any inorganic or a big 
investment. So we have sought the Board consent now we'll go the shareholders' approval. And 
once we get this approval at the parallel, we'll be working on a couple of opportunities in the 
organic space. 
But thing is that if those comes with good valuations and as well as the good future prospects in 
terms of return on the investment of the acquisition price that we are paying, then we'll be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
considering it. This QIP approval will be valid for a period of 1 year from the date of 
shareholders' approval in the ensuing AGM, which is planned on 19th of September. 
So between this period of time, we'll try to -- but we will not be in any rush or hurry to acquire 
any of the businesses just to invest the money, we'll be prudently evaluating it. And if it suits the 
valuation price as well as the future prospects in terms of returns and earnings, then only we'll 
opt to go. Otherwise, we'll see how to move it because it's not compulsion on our part to just 
raise the money. We'll evaluate it very prudently. That's what I need to say. 
Ashish Soni: 
But what's your typical criteria, right, when you acquire a company now, like in terms of ROCE 
or return on investment, what are your typical parameters? I'm trying to understand that. And if 
you are saying acquisition will be in the similar business line, you are already there, it's 
something new? I'm trying to understand that piece. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So we are operating through auto industry. Auto industry is very wide. So within auto industries, 
even we can switch on the products also, as I said, if the opening is good. In terms of ROCE, 
yes, we are looking at the ROCE, which is above 18% post tax. That's our target to acquire the 
businesses. 
It might not be possible that within the same year we acquire any business, it generated 18% 
ROCE, when I say 18% from a perspective of 2 to 3 years from the acquisition. And I think this 
is the best return, which an auto component company can give to its shareholders or the 
investors. Above 18% post tax, I don't think it's possible for any company to give from the core 
manufacturing activity. 
Ashish Soni: 
Last question, in terms of Trump tariff, how much of your or your customers' business are getting 
affected across the world? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So if you see our revenue mix, more than 89% is coming from Indian operations, which are not 
supplying directly to any U.S. So it is unaffected. As far as the overseas business is concerned, 
Mexico plant is supplying to U.S., but tariffs are not us -- not on us, but it's from the customers, 
they are bearing it. So directly, we are not affected. But yes, the volumes have been down in 
entire Europe and U.S. markets. That loss of business or I would say, slowdown in the business 
is affecting. Rest directly, we are not affected because of this. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
Sir, a lot of changes have happened in the key managerial position in the company over the last 
2 quarters. So what are the internal targets that the company is looking to achieve with these 
changes? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Radha, you mean to say the manager reshuffling of portfolios? 
Radha: 
Sir, like you have given a lot of new appointments have been done in the senior management 
position. So with regards to that… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So Radha, thing is that, as we have mentioned that now we are in expanding and we are 
bifurcating the businesses into the subsidiary company, which are very product specific like die 
casting, sheet metal in the parent company, to the automotive, I would say, the technology-driven 
products. 
 
So now the time has come up that we nominate, appoint the persons who are directly responsible 
to take over those businesses in the market. So this exercise of nominating SMPs as well as 
increasing the number of KMPs and reshuffling their portfolio is a part of that entire exercise. 
 
We want to appoint the persons, make them responsible, make them -- delegate them the powers 
and authority to go and tap the market, explore the markets and grow their businesses. And if 
one has to expand, then these sort of leverages has to be given to the staff. So that's the reason 
we are creating a structure whereby the separate companies are identifiable.  
They have a separate set of management. The people are free to take decision up to a certain 
level as approved by the independent individual companies' Board in terms of financial 
autonomy, in terms of operational autonomy. And this entire reshuffling is the beginning of the 
same, I would say. 
Jayant Davar: 
And Radha, you would have noticed that it's not as if it's internal reshuffling, which basically 
means we are concentrating on the right attributes of the right people to run the right businesses. 
That's what's been done. 
 
Most of it is internal. There is not too much of external incoming into the company. And we do 
believe that we have a strong team and the strong team now placed to where they are in this new 
structure would be able to deliver the vision that the company has for the next few years. 
Radha: 
Secondly, Mr. Neel Davar is on the call this time. So just wanted to understand a little bit from 
him with regards to his thoughts and visions regarding the company and where does he want to 
see the company in the next 3 to 5 years. 
Jayant Davar: 
Neel, you want to comment? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Can I answer? Is he on the call? I don't know. Maybe he has a bad connection. He was in the 
call. Should I answer, sir? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, yes, yes. Go ahead and answer, please. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So Radha, the question is that like you see we are working on successions also within the 
managerial team. Mr. Neel Davar is a part of the promoter family also. And the purpose he is 
aligned with the same vision that we are having as an organization, and he would be driving 
along with Mr. Jayant Davar to achieve the vision of the organization. So his vision remains to 
be the same vision under which we are working as a management team. 
Jayant Davar: 
Radha, to answer your question, in simple forms in supplementing what Mr. Yashpal Jain has 
said, the vision is not my vision or his vision or somebody's vision, it is the entire company's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
vision. And everybody is working in tandem to make sure that the future, as we've explained to 
you in whatever form we could today, is those targets both executively and in terms of delivery 
are better. 
Radha: 
Sir, last question is till date, how much have you invested in the EV products? So you mentioned 
that the customer feedback from the EV products has been good. So with regards to that, how 
much are you expecting in terms of revenue for the next 2 to 3 years from these products? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So you are referring to the investments, Radha? The first part was the investment that we have 
done in EV? 
Radha: 
Yes, investments and next 2, 3 year revenue target. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So investment as of date, including all the operational development costs, it is close to INR21 
crores that we have invested into the EV business. And largely, if you see the entire money has 
gone in developing the products, paying some fees to the technological partners and marketing 
expenses.  
So in the coming period of time, depending on the EV offtake within the country, they have 
orders, they have customers, but largely, it all depends on the volume, but we are positive. But 
yes, 2 to 3 years, you can't assume that it can just cross INR100 crores within a year. Would be 
a growth this year -- this quarter, we have been just close to INR2 crores of the revenue. 
 
Going with that, you can expect that the coming years would be good for EV. But as of now, it's 
very difficult to give any ballpark figure also for the EV. But product-wise, we are ready now. 
All variants of the product are ready, and now we are ready to penetrate them in the market, and 
we are reaching out to all customers, existing companies as well as the new age companies also. 
Moderator: 
We take the last question from the line of Preet from InCred Asset Management. 
Preet: 
I would like to ask about the JV. Like I've seen that in the last 3 years, you have exited 2 or 3 
JVs. So are you planning to stay with all 5 JVs? And what was the revenue and EBITDA margin 
for quarter 1? And what do you expect in full year? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sure. So I'll answer first -- I mean, the second part of your question first. So this quarter, if you 
ask me the revenue of all these 5 JVs together, our share of revenue was INR37 crores, the JVs. 
And they achieved an EBITDA margin of 10.72% and the PAT of 5.15%. So I think it's a very 
decent one compared to double-digit margin EBITDA and 5.15% in PAT. So as of now, all these 
JVs are performing very well.  
And as in the opening remarks, our Chairman has said that we are evaluating the JVs, how they 
are performing, whether they are aligned with the motto and vision in the future. And at the right 
time, we will take the right decision. But as of now, yes, we are continuing with the 5 JVs. That's 
the truth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Once again, let me thank Chirag from Emkay and Anushka for organizing this call. I want to 
thank all the people and all the participants who were present today and gave us a patient hearing. 
I want to assure them that there were a lot of suggestions that have come from you, and we 
would make sure that we listen to each one of them and see whichever ones are appropriate and 
make sense in the overall growth and vision of the company, we incorporate them accordingly. 
Thank you all once again, and look forward to having a chat with you again in the next quarter. 
Okay. With that, thank you all once again. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
