 
05th August, 2025  
 
The Manager - Listing 
BSE Limited 
BSE Code: 501455 
The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
NSE Code: GREAVESCOT 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated 23rd July, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025. The transcript is also 
available on the Company’s website at www.greavescotton.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
 
 
Atindra Basu 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Membership No: A32389 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
  
 
 
Atindra 
Nath Basu
Digitally signed by Atindra Nath Basu 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7671, 
2.5.4.20=738bbb4dae14d7a1944886525
5914e549b258b83e2220e1134a8fbac70
540372, postalCode=400610, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6a739644895d9b71ab90
ddae772bf6e6c81895bc67767c20ff2ca9
a68623f8a4, cn=Atindra Nath Basu 
Date: 2025.08.05 19:54:08 +05'30'

GREAVE 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
GREAVES 
  
 
 
 
 
Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
Karan Thapar – Chairman of the Board, GCL 
Parag Satpute – Managing Director & Group CEO, GCL 
Akhila Balachandar – CFO, GCL 
Vikas Singh – Managing Director, GEML 
 
 
 
 

2 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Moderator: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Greaves Cotton Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Karan Thapar – Chairman of the Board, Greaves Cotton 
Limited; Mr. Parag Satpute – Managing Director & Group CEO; Ms. Akhila 
Balachandar – CFO, GCL and Mr. Vikas Singh – Managing Director, GEML. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
then 0 on your touchtone phone. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the result presentation shared with you earlier.  
Further, as you are aware, Greaves Electric Mobility Limited has filed a draft red 
herring prospectus with the capital markets regulator, SEBI, to raise funds through 
an IPO. All discussions in this call with regard to this entity may be read in conjunction 
with and be limited to the said DRHP. 
I would now hand the conference over to Ms. Akhila Balachandar. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Good evening, everyone. It's a pleasure to have you all with us today. We will walk 
you through our financial performance, strategic priorities, and key developments for 
the quarter. Before we delve into the details of our performance, I would like to take 
a moment to welcome Mr. Karan Thapar, our Chairman to this conference call. I now 
invite our Chairman, Mr. Thapar to take over. 
Karan Thapar: 
Thank you, Akhila. Before we commence discussion on our financial and operating 
performance, I would like to introduce and extend a very warm welcome to Mr. Vikas 
Singh, who joins us as the new Managing Director of Greaves Electric Mobility 
Limited. Vikas will lead the Company's next phase of growth with the current 
management team reporting to him. 
With over three decades of leadership across diverse, consumer-driven sectors, 
Vikas brings a wealth of experience in driving large-scale transformation, digital 
innovation, and business growth in complex and regulated environments. He has 
held key leadership positions and roles in both Indian and international organizations 
and has consistently delivered results with resilience and agility.  
His appointment reaffirms Greaves' commitment to doing the best for GEML as well 
as its strong belief in the electric mobility space. Under Vikas's leadership, I am 
confident that GEML and its subsidiaries will get back on the fast-growth track once 
again. Over to you, Vikas. 
Vikas Singh: 
Thank you, Mr. Thapar, for the warm welcome. I am honored to take on this role at 
such an exciting time for Greaves Electric Mobility. I look forward to working with the 
team to build on the strong foundation you helped create and to drive our vision of 
accessible and sustainable mobility for all. Thank you again. Over to you, Parag. 

3 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you, Vikas. So, I am going to start off by giving you a business update on 
Greaves Cotton Limited. Good evening to all of you, ladies and gentlemen. I will 
cover the key developments and performance of our core businesses, which include 
Greaves Engineering, Greaves Retail, and Excel for the first quarter of FY26. 
During this quarter, we saw solid momentum across our core businesses. Each of 
these businesses play a very important role in advancing our mission, which is to 
provide sustainable, efficient, and inclusive engineering and energy solutions across 
India. We are very happy with the performance of our largest business, Greaves 
Engineering, which has delivered another quarter of strong growth. This has been 
driven by very healthy domestic as well as strong international sales. In Q1 FY26, 
exports made up 14% of our revenue. This was on the back of very strong demand 
for our Euro-V+ auto engines and our CPCB IV+ gensets. We believe this 
underscores our reputation for reliability and for quality. The automotive segment 
saw a solid 46% year-on-year growth, largely driven by this international business. 
Also very encouraging is the growing traction for our engines in the non-auto 
applications, like firefighting, marine, construction, and agriculture. The non-auto 
segments grew by 19% year-on-year, and within that, the gensets saw a very strong 
30% growth. Within the gensets area, we have held our market share at 4%. We 
remain sharply focused on delivering customer-first solutions. 
Moving on to Greaves Retail, this business delivered a 5% year-on-year growth. 
Within this, the non-auto aftermarket segment saw a good growth of 40%, while the 
auto segment remained flat, mainly due to subdued demand in the markets. Within 
the non-auto segments, we see a healthy momentum. The railway business is of 
particular interest, and it is progressing well, gaining strong traction. We have also 
started to get deeper into the electric three-wheeler ecosystem in the L3 space, and 
we have now onboarded more than 10 e-rickshaw manufacturers for our products. 
And our efforts in connecting mechanics is also growing strong, with participation 
from over 21,000 mechanics, who have scanned more than 170 million reward points 
through our unique Mechanic Loyalty Program. To further strengthen this connect 
throughout the value chain, we have started to pilot also a Retailer Loyalty Program. 
That was on Greaves Retail. 
Now moving on to Excel. Excel continues to focus on increasing business with 
OEMs, which is their core customer group. This has resulted in new wins for both 
the mechanical and electronic control systems in the automotive and construction 
industry. With the technological advancement in motion control systems, Excel has 
also launched a hydraulic marine steering system for outboard boats and has 
received global orders from Europe and the Middle East. Further, leveraging its in-
house development capabilities, Excel has won orders in the rubber business with 
OEMs in the agriculture and the construction equipment industry. 
Overall, aside from these operational initiatives across the businesses, we also 
continue our efforts to broad base our presence in more markets globally. We are 
also driving operational excellence across the businesses, through digitized 
inventory, through integrating our supply chains, and training our partners and 
dealers to become more customer focused. 
On the ESG front, we made good progress on waste reduction and expanded our 
upskilling initiatives within the mechanic communities. That was on the Business 
Update. 
I am also aware many of you are keen to understand our roadmap to our Financial 
Year 2030 vision. Let me tell you that we are in the midst of finalizing our strategy 
and recalibrating our approach where it is necessary. I would request your patience. 

4 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Our plan is to share with you more color on our growth plans over our next call post 
the H1 FY26 results. 
To conclude, let me reconfirm, our core businesses remain solid and growing 
profitably and are very well aligned with Greaves' broader transformation journey. 
While we continue to invest in future-ready areas like electric mobility, our core is 
strong and building on the trust and scale of a wide distribution network. This gives 
us the stability and resources to drive sustainable growth across the group. 
With this, I would like to hand over to Akhila to take us through the financial 
performance. Over to you. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Thank you, Parag, and once again, good evening to everyone. 
I am happy to share that we have commenced Financial Year FY26 on a very positive 
note with strong operational and financial performance, delivering steady 
performance across all our key segments of business. This reflects the successful 
execution of our transformation strategy, diversification of our portfolio and a 
disciplined approach to financial management. It also validates our continued focus 
on sustainable growth, operational excellence, and capital efficiency. 
For Q1 FY26, we reported a consolidated revenue of Rs. 745 crore with standalone 
revenues growing 22% year-on-year to Rs.541 crore. Standalone EBITDA came in 
at Rs. 76 crore, making a 51% increase year-on-year and EBITDA margins 
expanded by 270 basis points, driven by improved product mix, operating leverage, 
and disciplined cost management. Our engineering businesses recorded revenue of 
Rs. 385 crore in Q1 supported by a continued demand from infrastructure, 
institutional and industrial customers. Despite raw material cost fluctuations, we 
maintained margin stability through operational efficiencies and smart procurement. 
The business continues to focus on reliability, delivery, and technology-led process 
optimization. 
Excel Controlinkage, our strategic acquisition, delivered another quarter of growth 
with revenues of Rs.60 crore. Both the core and acquired businesses contributed 
meaningfully to our consolidated topline. Greaves Retail business grew to Rs. 155 
crore in Q1, backed by expansion into Tier-2 and Tier-3 markets and improved store-
level economics. Customers experience initiatives, analytics-led merchandising and 
integration of the supply chain have driven stronger conversions and better customer 
lifetime value. We are seeing increased traction from both B2C and B2B customers, 
validating our efforts to build a resilient spares network. Greaves Electric Mobility 
continues to scale with Q1 revenues of Rs. 137 crore. We continue to invest in new 
platforms, digital-first experience, and ecosystem partnership to strengthen our 
leadership in EV space. 
Our finance arm, Greaves Finance, which focuses on EV financing, has grown its 
AUM to Rs. 300 crore, including co-lending, reflecting a year-on-year scale-up. We 
have achieved this underpinned by strong portfolio quality, prudent risk controls and 
tech-enabled origination and underwriting. We are focused on deepening our 
partnerships with OEM and dealers to broaden financial access, especially for EV 
customers in underserved markets.  
We continue to operate with a strong balance sheet. Our consolidated cash reserves 
stand at Rs. 400 crore plus, net of debt and with tight control on working capital. Our 
return on capital employed continues to be healthy, reflecting our disciplined 
approach to capital deployment. 

5 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic, while being mindful of external 
macro and regulatory headwinds. Our diversified portfolio and customer-centric 
approach position us well to navigate the environment and capture emerging 
opportunities. 
With this, I invite Vikas to share his opening remarks. Over to you, Vikas. 
Vikas Singh: 
Thanks Akhila. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today. 
Let me begin with a quick look at the electric two-wheeler industry, we recorded 
approximately 300,000 units in Q1FY26, reflecting a 34% year-on-year growth. While 
slightly down in terms of 2% quarter-on-quarter, the industry is steady and 
maintaining high concentration in the top 5 states, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil 
Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, and Madhya Pradesh, contributing to over 56% of the volumes. 
At Greaves Electric Mobility, our E2W business, electric two-wheeler business, 
continues to strengthen its position. 
I am happy to state we have an 84% year-on-year retail sales growth. Our flagship 
product, Magnus Neo remains a preferred choice in the mid-speed segment, backed 
by comfort, practicality, and strong after-sales support. The refreshed Reo, which 
brings in the entry segment, saw a 30% quarter-on-quarter growth, reaffirming 
relevance in rural and emerging markets. 
Our market share last year, same time, was 3.4%, and this year it stands at 4.2%, 
with leadership in Bihar at 15.3% and Tamil Nadu at 13.9%. I am happy to state we 
offer an inclusive portfolio, spanning products in the price range from Rs 50,000 to 
almost about Rs 1.5 lakhs, and this covers the slow speed, the mid-speed, and high-
speed segments, thereby catering to a wide range of customers. 
With this I move to the three-wheeler segment, the L5 category clocked 
approximately 167,000 units which is a 12% year-on-year growth. I am happy to state 
that the EV penetration in L5 has surged to 31%, up from 17% last year, driven by 
better availability and, to a certain extent, pricing. The L3 market also grew 11% 
year-on-year led by UP, Bihar, Assam, and Delhi. Overall, our three-wheeler 
business is steadily gaining ground. Our OBD2B compliant L5 diesel variant is 
gaining traction with a 4% market share. We have expanded into CNG options, 
thereby creating a fuel agnostic portfolio, which meets varied commercial uses. 
Notably, June saw much better retail sales, driven by a refreshed portfolio, better 
dealer alignment and focused market interventions. 
We are also proud to share that our newly launched Eltra City Xtra, which is the EV 
three-wheeler in the L5 space, achieved a national record, traveling 300 plus 
kilometers on a single charge from Bangalore to Ranipet. This feat reinforces our 
engineering excellence and our endurance credentials. We are also investing in 
long-term customer satisfaction. We have expanded our service network to 400 plus 
touchpoints. We have ensured a 98% plus service part availability, and we are driving 
digital transformation via Salesforce, aiming to elevate customer service and 
engagement. 
On the operations side, we made meaningful progress with margin improvement 
through cost optimization, improved channel efficiency and tighter execution 
discipline. While we continue to monitor industry headwinds, including the rare earth 
metal availability, our proactive supply chain planning and localized sourcing gives 
us confidence in ensuring product availability and very importantly, festive 
preparedness. 

6 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Finally, we are backed by two very strong and committed investors, Greaves Cotton, 
and the ALJ Group, who believe in our vision and our long-term potential. We are 
truly grateful for their continued support. 
With that, we would like to open the floor for any questions you may have. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Raman KV: 
My first question is with respect to the engine segment. There has been a good 
margin expansion year-on-year as well as quarter-on-quarter as well as 30% sales 
growth. So, I just want to understand what led for this margin expansion and is this 
margin sustainable? 
Parag Satpute: 
So, let me take that. If I just make sure I understood your question. You said in the 
engine business; you were happy with the year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter 
margin expansion and what was the reason for it? So, within the engine business, 
like I mentioned in my opening remarks, the auto segment has done well for us this 
year. And especially if you look within the auto segment, we have started a good 
export business for our Euro-V+ engines. And that obviously has helped us improve 
our margins. 
Raman KV: 
And sir, the second part of the question was whether this margin is sustainable? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, let me take that. If you go back our results over the last 8-12 quarters, we have 
been consistently improving our margins, and we are working towards maintaining it 
in the range of 13%-14%. That has been our constant endeavor and that is what we 
aim for and will keep on working towards. 
Raman KV: 
My last question is with respect to the volumes. Can you give me the volume figure 
for engines with respect to auto and non-auto segment as well as electric mobility? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, we have not given a disclosure on the volumes in this quarter. But they are 
significantly higher than the Quarter 1 of last year. And on electric mobility, I will have 
Vikas to respond to the question. 
Vikas Singh: 
I did cover this in my opening remarks. In Quarter 1, we maintained an 84% year-
on-year retail sales growth, which is a very healthy delivery. And we are making all 
efforts to ensure that we maintain this rate of growth in the quarters ahead.  
Raman KV: 
The 84% growth is with respect to the volumes, right? 
Vikas Singh: 
Retail volumes, yes. This is not the invoiced volumes, the retail volumes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures.  
Krisha Kansara: 
Congratulations on a very good set of results. I have two-three set of questions. First, 
being on the engineering side, as we are aware that the Greaves engines division 
has grown by 30% in this quarter, which is a very impressive growth. And you have 
mentioned in your presentation that this was led by predominantly by two things, one 
being the genset division and the other is the auto engine. So, could you help us 
understand that exactly which end-user industry contributed to let's say auto engine 
division, and then which sectors drove the genset division growth? The growth has 
been very good, but if you can just pinpoint on the end-users which drove the growth. 

7 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Parag Satpute: 
Indeed. I will be happy to answer that question. You have rightly picked out the two 
industries where we have seen our growth. In the auto engine, as you know, we are 
a very strong player in the three-wheeler market. So, obviously, we have seen good 
traction there. And along with that, we have also seen our export business grow. 
Within the genset business, we have seen our distribution expansion across the 
country. And to name specific sectors, then the residential and the infra construction 
sectors have given us good growth in this quarter. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Right. But sir, will it not be possible for you to give a volume picture on the auto 
engine segment? 
Parag Satpute: 
I think Akhila already mentioned the volume growth that we are ready to disclose. 
So, we don't have any more information on that. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. Sure. And so, my second question is on our EV-business. So, while I am 
aware that we have filed the DRHP, and you might not be able to disclose some very 
sensitive information. I would request the management to throw some light on the 
timeline of the IPO. I wanted to understand if there is a demand in the market for us 
to successfully launch this IPO because as investors of Greaves Cotton, it is also 
very crucial for us that the market starts seeing and valuing both our businesses 
separately. And more so now, because I feel that our engineering business seems 
to have begun a good growth trajectory given what numbers we have clocked in Q1, 
which are very much comparable to Q4. So, that has grown very well. So, if you can 
throw some light on the timeline of the IPO and some details? 
Vikas Singh: 
Thank you for your question regarding the IPO of GEML. As you are aware, the 
Company has filed its DRHP with SEBI and SEBI has issued its final observations. 
This marks a key milestone in the regulatory process for us. While the IPO process 
is underway, we remain focused on delivering strong business performance. The 
actual IPO launch, however, will be subject to prevailing market conditions, internal 
preparedness, and other strategic considerations. We would like to reiterate that we 
remain committed to creating long-term value for everyone and will keep the markets 
informed in compliance with all regulatory requirements. I hope that addresses your 
question.  
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. Just one related question to this, sir. In yesterday's AGM, the chairman 
mentioned that Abdul Jameel wants to reduce the stake down to 20%, which is 
currently 36%. So, I wanted to understand our perspective as well on the IPO. So, 
how are we looking at our investment in the EV business? I am aware that we will 
still be the promoters of the EV Company, but what is your take on the ownership 
aspect post the fresh issue and the OFS?  
Karan Thapar: 
Let me take that question. It is a common factor in both, but I don't understand the 
implications of the question, I am afraid. The DRHP was very clear on both Greaves 
Cotton's position regarding its shareholding as well as ALJ. And I think I said in my 
speech that ALJ did not want to be a promoter post a public listing. So, not being a 
promoter, they are forced to dilute to a certain level, which is what is represented in 
the DRHP. I don't know if that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Jain from NV Alpha Fund.  
Shubham Jain: 
I have a couple of questions regarding the engine business. Following up on the 
previous participant's question, I think this is the first time where our exports 
contribution has gone up to 14% as a percentage of the engine business. Just 
wanted to understand what is working for us in the exports business. And is this now 
an inflection points for us to start growing? Because over the last few years, we have 
gone from a Rs. 50 crore-Rs. 70 crore run rate to almost Rs. 200 crore run rate in 

8 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
exports in the last couple of years. Just wanted to understand a little more what 
sectors or what units are doing well for us? 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you for your question. So, within the exports, especially for this quarter, we 
have seen two areas which have done well for us. And I mentioned those already in 
my opening statement. One is the automotive sector, where our Euro-V+ engines 
which were under development with a partner, which has now been commercialized. 
So, that's why we saw some good invoicing numbers this quarter. And secondly, also 
our CPCB IV+ gensets, which we have been exporting, saw some good numbers in 
this quarter. 
Shubham Jain: 
So, just a follow-up on this. Because of the change in emission norms, the transition 
from Euro-IV to Euro-V or VI, is that why we are seeing a surge? Or this is more 
structural in terms of us gaining market share in exports? How should one look at it 
from an export perspective? 
Parag Satpute: 
Most of the auto businesses that we are in, as I am sure you are aware, are some 
partnerships that we have with our customers. We work together to develop the 
technology, to make sure our engines fit their vehicles. So, obviously these are 
strategic businesses that we start. My point was that you mentioned the upgrade of 
the emission norm and in this case, Greaves was proactive, and we were able to 
work with our customers to develop Euro-V+ engines, which is where we are seeing 
the success. 
Shubham Jain: 
Got it. So, is it fair to assume that given this transition, we will be able to gain more 
market share in the next generation of norms? And this starts to become the base 
for us to grow from going forward? 
Parag Satpute: 
What I can say on this is, we will continue to make the efforts to work closely with 
our customers as we have done in the recent past. 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. My second question was on the genset piece of the business. In the 
last couple of years, we've seen our market share go up from 2.7% to 4%. And we 
seem to be growing in this space even though the industry doesn't grow at the same 
pace. What's helping us gain this market share and grow at this base? And how big 
can this business become for us? Is it more distribution-led? Is our product more 
differentiated? What's helping us gain this market share? If you could help us 
understand that a little bit, it would be great. 
Parag Satpute: 
Sure. I can comment on what has helped us achieve the market share that you have 
seen. So, it's not any one thing. We have been working on multiple fronts. First and 
foremost, we have been working to ensure our product quality is upgraded and 
continues to develop. Secondly, we have also worked hard to improve our customer 
service. As you know, this is a product which depends on after-sales service. So, we 
have been making concerted efforts to improve our response to our customers. And 
thirdly, we have also broadened our distribution network and coverage. So, all these 
three things have been very important to help us steadily improve our market share 
in this segment. 
Shubham Jain: 
Got it. And if you could help us understand how big, given our current distribution, 
this business can be for us? 
Parag Satpute: 
It remains a focus for us as it has been in the last few quarters. So, we will continue 
to put this emphasis that you have seen so far. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets.  

9 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Jyoti Singh: 
Congratulations on the good execution size. So, basically, I wanted to understand 
on the inventory side, how much we are maintaining currently and follow up on the 
earlier response on the increasing market share, the product quality and increasing 
distribution. So, just wanted you to highlight more deeper, like how many dealerships 
we have increased for the EV side? And an another question on the EV side, is that 
how the market share is evolving in the key state like Tamil Nadu and Bihar area and 
also in the West & North India? 
Vikas Singh: 
Yes. Thank you for the question. I would just like to state that the team is completely 
focused on building fundamentals both in terms of network expansion and also in 
terms of product portfolio and our general efficiencies as a business. The results are 
coming in well. We will continue to build on them in line in a manner which is 
productive and impactful without spreading ourselves too thin. With regards to the 
market share, I did mention this in my opening comments. We have had an 
improvement in market share at the same time last year. This is across most of our 
markets and our attempts will remain to build up this success of ours in the quarters 
ahead. I hope this addresses your questions. Thank you. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes. Also, can you quantify the contribution from export and the EBITDA differential 
versus domestic business? And last question on the restructuring and changes on 
the management side. Just wanted your comment. 
Parag Satpute: 
On this export, I presume you are talking about our engineering business. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. 
Parag Satpute: 
So, obviously we have seen our export business grow and it has helped our margins. 
The actual difference in EBITDA is not an information that we would like to discuss 
in this forum. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital.  
Sonal Minhas: 
So, my first question was with regard to what the previous participant was alluding 
to. There have been frequent changes in the leadership as an investor, shareholder 
who has been there for a while in the Company. Just wanted to understand, going 
forward are there more leadership changes that we can expect, or the team is set in. 
Just wanted kind of a selective guidance around this. 
Parag Satpute: 
Let me take this question. So, I have joined this Company three months ago and this 
is my second call. What I can confirm to you, I find the business very exciting, and I 
have had a very good interaction with our customers and our teams who you can 
see have executed a very strong quarter. So, I think this is a good start and I would 
like to leave it at that for the moment. 
Vikas Singh: 
I will just add-on to what Parag said. Every organization would like a stable 
leadership team and Greaves is no exception to that. However, there are times when 
for reasons beyond your control you do have an element of churn. I think what is 
important is for the organization to staff with profiles who are strong, bring in diverse 
experience and are able to build the team for the next phase of the journey and we 
would like to believe that the organization and the group per se is well positioned in 
that direction and there should be no concerns for our investors going forward.  
Sonal Minhas: 
I understand that. So, my second question was more of a clarification question. In 
your deck on slide 12, I see the e-mobility business has grown by 7% year-on-year 
in sales and when I move to slide number, the first slide on the electric mobility where 

10 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
it says that retail sales increased by 84% year-on-year. So, should we assume that 
the volume sales for electric mobility combined is also around 7%-8%? 
Vikas Singh: 
So, let me clarify that again and I did mention that to one of the previous questions 
which came in the past that the number that we mentioned on 84% growth is retail 
sales. However, the invoiced volume, which is the Vahan number is what you are 
referring to and that number is correct, which basically means that the extent of 
pipelining which was there in the market has been reduced significantly. This is part 
of the strategy to try and build a more efficient business not only for our investors 
and ourselves but very importantly for our dealer and network partners and our 
vendors. We would be further optimizing our business as we go along and move into 
a more demand driven model which will ensure much better margins also as we 
move forward.  
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, I am just inquiring whether retail sales precede the Vahan sales numbers by 2 
or 3 months. Is that correct? 
Vikas Singh: 
It's not a question of preceding Vahan sales number. There is a registration number 
and there is a retail placement, there is a lag between the two and it is not always in 
sync. It's difficult to give you an exact number on that account but by and large it 
catches up at a point in time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kush Shah from B&K Securities.  
Kush Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just had a couple of questions. On the 
financial side, on a consolidated level, I am seeing that the margins have increased 
to 7.6% and that's also driven by the RM basket dropping by around 250 bps year-
on-year. So, what has driven this drop in the RM basket? So, if you could just clarify 
that. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, this is on the consol or on the standalone? 
Kush Shah: 
On the consol and on the standalone also, I see some around 230 bps drop. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, if you see we have and I go back again, in the last 7-8 quarters, we have been 
consistently improving our RM cost, and it has been consistently coming down and 
that has been flowing into our EBITDA margins. At the standalone it has been very 
visible, and we are currently EBITDA in the range of 13%-15%. This has been a 
consistent effort going on in the electric mobility division to improve. If go through our 
results this quarter, at a PAT level we are actually profitable even at a consolidated 
level with a PAT of approximately Rs. 20 crore. So, this has been an overall drive as 
Vikas mentioned improving their own performance, improving their supply chain, 
improving their cost mix and same thing being done in GCL standalone side. I think 
all this has translated into a consolidated very strong performance. 
Kush Shah: 
Thanks for the clarification. With regards to this you all have done some partnership 
with Chara Technologies Has that also contributed to the significant improvement in 
cost? 
Parag Satpute: 
The Chara Technologies announcement which we announced a few weeks ago is a 
very important technological partnership for us, but the technology and the work we 
are doing with them is still at a development and incubation stage. So, for this quarter 
we have not seen the commercial impact of that partnership. 
Kush Shah: 
Understood. Alright. And just one last question on the export front, the one which 
contributed around 14% for this quarter – To which geographies are we mainly 

11 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
exposed to? I believe in the presentation it's US, Africa, and Middle East. So, what 
would be the number if you could give something on that? 
Parag Satpute: 
Our exports and that's one of the strong points are good spread across multiple 
geographies our focus area continues to be Middle East, Europe and also North 
America. So, we have no over dependence on any one area. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suvaan Mittal from Mercantile Freight Carriers.  
Suvaan Mittal: 
I have mainly two questions lined up. The first being for our engine business. I was 
wanting to understand does the genset sales occupies a sizable portion of the non-
automotive business? So, as per the last quarter we followed, it was 65 to 35 
compared to the auto to the non-auto. With the non-auto business, does the genset 
business occupy upwards of 50% of the business or less than 50%, if you would give 
me some color? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, the non-auto business primarily consists of gensets. It also includes other 
industrial engines, firefighting concepts, marine engines. But predominantly you're 
right it is comprising of the gensets. 
Suvaan Mittal: 
Okay. And now my second question being for the Excel business of control levers 
like in the past 4 quarters the EBITDA margin has been dropping down from 35% to 
26%. Is it because we are scaling up very rapidly in that hence upwards of 30% in 
Q4 FY25 EBITDA margin is not sustainable, or can we expect in the coming quarters 
of 1-2 years for the EBITDA margin to catch up in the control system business? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, essentially, you're right if I go back to Q1 of 2024 we had a performance of 36.6% 
EBITDA margin and this quarter we are at 26%. What I would like to say there is that 
we are diversifying that business and strengthening a lot of our internal processes. 
We are investing some money into the business and therefore this is currently a 
catch-up phase I would say and going forward maybe in the next 3-4 quarters we 
should see traction of those that we are currently doing. 
Suvaan Mittal: 
Just with this we should see an upward trajectory post 3-4 quarters. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Yes, both in terms of revenue and in terms of the margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dharwi Sharma from Mudita Growth Partners.  
Dharwi Sharma: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on the retail segment. 
So, sir, could you help us understand the factors that might be restraining our growth 
here? What has the market response been to our multi-brand sales? And 
additionally, any new initiatives that we are launching to achieve the previously 
communicated target of this segment being 5x? 
Parag Satpute: 
So, I mentioned in my opening remarks that within the retail segment, the largest 
piece being our auto aftermarket continues to see some headwinds. As we all know, 
the main sector that we service with that, which is the diesel three-wheelers, the 
parts of diesel three-wheelers continues to remain flat or decline. So, as a 
consequence of that, there are some headwinds and that, of course, has played out 
in the numbers. I am glad to see that despite that, we have seen a 5% overall 
increase in the retail business. I would also like to point out that, a few quarters ago, 
we started putting efforts on diversifying that business and we are starting to see the 
early results of that. During this quarter, we have seen the non-auto spares, and the 
after-market business improve. And this is in the sector of, of course, the after-market 
of our genset, as well as I pointed out the railway sector where we have seen good 

12 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
traction. And we will continue with these efforts to try and diversify the impact of 
reducing diesel costs. 
Dharwi Sharma: 
My next question is that the management earlier mentioned about their plans to 
leverage existing machining capabilities. And we also understand that one of your 
Shendra plants had received certification to supply aerospace components. If you 
could throw some light on what specific aerospace components you are targeting 
and what has the progress been in that segment since the certification? 
Parag Satpute: 
I believe you are referring to one of the comments we made in the past earnings 
calls. And yes, we have identified in the past aerospace and defense segments as 
focus areas. And we are building our internal capabilities. And the Shendra plant 
certification was an important step in that. Also, our Excel business unit is the tier 2 
supplier into the aerospace segment. So, these are still early days. At this current 
moment, we are focusing on building the capabilities and quality levels and the 
technology that is needed to be successful in those segments. So, there is no 
significant commercial development to report at this point. 
Dharwi Sharma: 
Okay, sir. So, lastly, could you throw some light on the status of the Rs. 100 crore 
capex that we were doing in Excel? 
Parag Satpute: 
So, we continue to watch our growth across business sectors very closely and 
strategy and policy to scale up our capacity and our investment in capacity in a 
modular way. And we are well prepared. We keep a close watch also on the Excel 
situation. And, as and when we see the need for that, we have the plans ready, and 
we have the resources available. Like Akhila said, we have a strong balance sheet. 
So, the management remains committed to continuing to increase our capacity in a 
modular fashion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harmanpreet Singh, an Individual Investor.  
Harmanpreet Singh: 
Actually, I want to know the status of diesel engines like we are moving to electric 
and CNG. So, what is the current share of diesel engines and how we look at that? 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you for your question, Harmanji. As we have said in the last few quarters, we 
have a fuel agnostic strategy, which means that we will continue to work with our 
customers for the diesel engines because it's still a large portion of our life day-to-
day as well. But we have also, over the last few years, worked to develop different 
prime movers. So, we have a full program of CNG engines. We have also invested 
in electric powertrains. And as we have been speaking, we have a division which 
does electric scooters and electric three-wheelers. So, as a Company, we feel that 
we have taken the right steps in fuel agnostic and being able to support our 
customers through their transition period. 
Harmanpreet Singh: 
Sir, could you tell me what will be the prime mover of our Company in the coming 
years if we have to choose one? 
Parag Satpute: 
That's the point. I think we don't believe that we have to choose one. We believe it's 
advantageous to be fuel agnostic. And overall, we believe that there will be multiple 
pure and multiple prime movers going forward in this industry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Shubham Jain from NV Alpha Fund.  
Shubham Jain: 
I had a question on Excel. While we looked at the numbers and it's a fantastic 
acquisition, it's been fairly steady till now. And you mentioned about certain order 
wins. How should one look at this part of the business? How are we looking at scaling 

13 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
it? Are we looking to add more products? You mentioned a sort of steering column 
product that we've added. But just want to understand more about this business and 
how we are looking at growth over here. 
Parag Satpute: 
Okay, thank you for your question and also for coming back. I appreciate your 
engagement with our business. Like I said in my opening statement, I know many of 
you are keen to understand the forward-looking strategies. And I would request for 
your patience just for a little while more. We are in the final stage of deciding our 
strategy and we will be able to come to you with these kind of details during our next 
call. 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. I had another question about Greaves Retail as well. How should one 
assess its growth? Is it primarily driven by product enhancements? I suppose we'll 
need to wait another quarter to understand this better.  
Parag Satpute: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule 
Ventures.  
Krisha Kansara: 
So, my question is on Excel somewhat similar to what previous participant also 
asked. So, we have seen a slight slowdown in growth in Excel Controlinkage. So, is 
it because our capacity utilization has now already reached above 80% and we will 
need new capacities to grow further and if that is the case, when are we targeting to 
commission our new capacity in case of Excel, if you can just throw some light on 
the capex part of it. 
Parag Satpute: 
So, I can make a comment and throw some more light on this quarter's performance 
which the growth has not been as strong as we would have liked and there's actually 
a reason for that is one of our large customers in one of the export markets is 
recalibrating their inventory levels. So, we have had a temporary hit of that in this 
quarter. As regards to the capacity, I think I already answered to one of the previous 
analysts that we watched the capacity utilization very closely. At this point, it is not 
acting as a hindrance to our growth at all in Excel or in any other part of the business. 
But we remain committed to growing and investing in the business in a modular 
fashion and in a financially prudent way. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Right, sure. And sir just one last question. We are seeing a long-term debt of Rs. 60 
crore in our consolidated balance sheet. So, in which subsidiary have we taken this 
debt and what has been the reason for that? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, we have taken an external debt in Greaves Electric Mobility. This is to partly fund 
their expansion plan till the IPO. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Determined Investments.  
Amit Kumar: 
Just one question again on your e-mobility business. At this point of time from a 
macro perspective when you look at it just about 1.5 million two-wheelers sold across 
India out of a total of 20 million. So, just about 7%-8% penetration. I mean we were 
hoping that the kind of 50%-100% growth rates that we have seen in the past would 
sort of continue given the very low level of penetration. But growth has really sort of 
slowed down at an industry level just like teens basically. So, any reason you would 
sort of attribute to this? 
Vikas Singh: 
We as an industry starts increasing in penetration you would see a corresponding 
impact in growth rates. However, the compounded growth rate that the industry is 

14 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
bringing in is ranging from 20%-25% which is a very healthy growth number actually 
in today's context. We don't see any reason for concern over here. 
Amit Kumar: 
So, 20%-25% growth at the industry level is okay for you? 
Vikas Singh: 
I think that's what I said yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for the day, I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you very much. I appreciate all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your 
trust and your ongoing confidence in our journey. We remain committed to delivering 
a strong performance and are excited about the opportunities ahead. On behalf of 
the management team, I would like to thank everyone once again for the time and 
your continued engagement.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Greaves Cotton Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 

15 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. 
This transcript contains statements that contain "forward looking statements" including, but without limitation, statements 
relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to Greaves Cotton ("Greaves" or the 
Company) future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate 
our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These 
factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements 
in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial 
conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. Greaves undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
GREAVES ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite approvals, market conditions 
and other considerations, to make an initial public offering of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus 
dated December 23, 2024 (“DRHP”) with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. The DRHP is available on the website of 
SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in , on the websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE and NSE at www.bseindia.com  and 
www.nseindia.com , respectively, on the website of the Company at www.greaveselectricmobility.com  and on the 
websites of the BRLMs, i.e. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited at www.motilaloswalgroup.com, IIFL Capital 
Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities Limited) at www.iiflcap.com  and JM Financial Limited at 
www.jmfl.com , respectively. Any potential investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree 
of risk. For details, potential investors should refer to the red herring prospectus which may be filed with the Registrar 
of Companies, Tamil Nadu at Chennai in the future. Potential Bidders should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI and 
the Stock Exchanges in making any investment decision. 
This announcement does not constitute an invitation or offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction. The Equity Shares 
have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("U.S. Securities Act"), and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the 
Equity Shares are only being offered and sold (i) within the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined 
in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in private transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
U.S. Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S and the 
applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those offers and sales occur. There will be no public offering of the Equity 
Shares in the United States. 
 
 
