 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: August 18, 2025  
 
To, 
BSE Limited,  
20th Floor, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001.  
BSE Scrip Code: 544449 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Scrip Symbol: ANTHEM 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on August 14, 2025, at 12:00 PM, post announcement of Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.anthembio.com/investor.html. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
For Anthem Biosciences Limited 
(Formerly known as Anthem Biosciences Private Limited)  
 
 
_____________________ 
Divya Prasad 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A41438 
 
 
DIVYA 
PRASAD
Digitally signed by 
DIVYA PRASAD 
Date: 2025.08.18 
15:14:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Anthem Biosciences Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BHARDWAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ANTHEM BIOSCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GAWIR BAIG – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ANTHEM BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. SAION MUKHERJEE – NOMURA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Anthem Biosciences Limited Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nomura. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saion 
Mukherjee from Nomura. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nomura, I would like to welcome the management team of Anthem 
Biosciences and all the participants to this call. It is our pleasure to host the first quarter FY26 
results for Anthem, the first for the company after listing. 
 
From the management team, we have Mr. Ajay Bhardwaj, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, and Mr. Gawir Baig, Chief Financial Officer. We shall start with the 
management comments, post which the floor would be open for questions from participants. I 
would now like to hand over the floor to Ajay. Over to you, sir. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Yes, thank you, Saion. Good morning, everybody. First of all, welcome and thank you for joining 
this first call, Anthem's first call after listing. So, I would just like to start, kick off the call with 
announcing to all of you that we have kicked off FY26 with a strong performance, laying a solid 
foundation for the year ahead. We have experienced a strong year-on-year growth in this Q1 of 
FY26 and it lays a solid foundation for the year ahead. The growth reflects a CRDM or revenue 
stream that started ramping up. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Your voice is a little muffled. I request you to come a little closer, please. 
Ajay Bhardwaj:  
Okay. Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. This is perfect. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Okay. So, should I start again? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Just for everybody's information, we have kicked off FY26 with a strong performance, laying a 
solid foundation for the year ahead. The strong year-on-year growth in this quarter FY26 reflects 
our CRDM or revenue stream that started ramping up in Q2 of FY25. So, all this has been 
possible because of our dedicated team, strategic focus, and operational excellence and long-
standing client partnerships. 
 
And I think we are very pleased with the results of the quarter. And just to give you an overall 
sense of what the numbers were like, so our consolidated revenue for the operation was INR540 
crores for the quarter. The CRDM business delivered INR452.7 crores revenues out of that. And 
our speciality ingredients was INR87.5 crores. The EBITDA was INR214.3 crores with the 
margins, EBITDA margins at 38%. PAT, which is the profit after tax, was 135.8 million with 
PAT margins at 24%. Our net cash position as of June 30th, 2025 is INR784.8 crores, nearly 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
INR750 crores of cash in the company. I now hand it over to the moderator for Q&A. So, please 
feel free to ask us questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Ankush Mahajan from Centrum Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Sir, congrats for a good set of numbers. My question is related to the capacity. Currently, sir, we 
have a total, in customs and phases, our capacity is 270 kiloliter. We have a plan to increase it, 
incremental capacity in this segment is 1,155 kiloliter. We are increasing it. Can you give us a 
sense, sir, what kind of this further capacity coming up in upcoming quarters?  And 
second 
point in terms of fermentation capacity, currently we have a 142 kiloliter and how much 
incremental is coming and will add to the system? 
Management: 
Thanks. I'll take the call. I'll take the question. In terms of custom synthesis capacity addition, 
what we had earlier said was we'll be adding about 155 kiloliters of capacity, out of which 130 
kiloliters was in unit 2. So, in our unit 2, the first phase of expansion has been complete where 
we have added 54 kiloliters of capacity in quarter 1 of FY26. Balance 76 kiloliters is yet to be 
completed, which we should be doing in this calendar year. 
 
And the 25 kiloliters that we were saying to add in NeoAnthem, that should also get done by 
this financial year, by this half year of this financial year closure. So, that will complete our 134 
kiloliter expansion in custom synthesis in this year itself. Fermentation 142 kiloliters, we are 
adding 40 kiloliters more in NeoAnthem, which should also get done in this calendar year. 
 
That will, with the completion of the fermentation capacity addition, that will complete our unit 
2 and unit 3 expansion. We will then embark on our unit 4 expansion where we have just done 
groundbreaking in quarter 1 of FY26. Details on capacity additions, we will post it out to the 
investors once that is firmed up. It should happen over the course of the next couple of months. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Okay. So, last one is from my side. What is the capacity utilization in custom synthesis in the 
last quarter and fermentation segment? And can we say that these peptides, what we are talking 
about peptides, that will come under the fermentation capacity? 
Management: 
So, with respect to the peptide capacity that we have considered as considered in the custom 
synthesis part itself, it is part of the 25 kiloliters on the NeoAnthem side which we have built in. 
So, the 155 kiloliters capacity includes about 16 kiloliters of peptide synthesis capacity. Leaving 
out the 54 kiloliters which we had just commissioned in quarter 1 of FY26, our capacity 
utilization is on the custom synthesis side is similar to what we had delivered in the previous 
year, closer to about 70-odd percent, and fermentation is about 50-odd percent. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek Agrawal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Yeah. Thanks for the question. Just one question on the quarterly performance. So, though the 
Y-o-Y growth is strong, but also on the low base. If you look at it on the quarter-on-quarter 
basis, so the growth is strong 15%, right? And this is a bit unusual given the fact that customers 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
stock inventory into the March quarter. So, what has helped you in bucking the trend? Is it that 
existing products where you got an additional wallet share kind of stuff or any new product that 
have kicked in? If you can throw some light. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
See, the bump that we got in the last quarter largely was of more revenue from our commercial 
products. And that has actually – and it's happened across the board. So, its not one product, as 
you know, we have a number of products which are commercial with our partners are selling 
these globally. And we got a nice bump in terms of sales in the last quarter because of the 
increased demand from these customers. So, that was the reason.  
But again, I would like to say that this definitely was an exceptional quarter. It's not that one can 
expect every quarter to be like this. The nature of our business is lumpiness. There will be good 
quarters and some exceptional quarters. So, I would like to let everybody know that this is – 
definitely we benefited from uptake in our commercial products with customers across the board. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Understood. Thanks. And although you highlighted that it is an exceptional quarter, but how to 
look at the full year numbers, right? Is there any change in the outlook compared to what you 
highlighted in the past? Or is it like more or less a status quo? You would like to wait and watch 
for the coming quarter? 
Management: 
So, Vivek, we would like to wait and watch for the coming quarters. But if I look at the outlook 
as such, see, historically, we have been delivering about 20% CAGR growth. And our outlook 
remains more or less the same in terms of delivering a similar about 20% growth on a year-on-
year basis, FY25 versus FY26 and going forward as well. But it's better to wait out on the 
quarters Q2, Q3, Q4 to see how the numbers pan out. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Thanks. Just one more question. If you look at the gross margins, there's a dip on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. So, is it because of the mix or anything else that has resulted in the lower margins? 
Thanks. 
Management: 
Broadly, the margins have been more or less steady. There has been a share-based compensation 
charge of about INR4.4 crores this quarter in Q1 of FY26, which was not there in Q1 FY25 
because we've taken the ESOP charge in H1 of last year. And that accounts for roughly about 
0.8% on the margin side. If I adjust for that, then broadly, margins have been steady year-on-
year. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Yeah. But the gross margins, right? So, the gross margins are lower significantly on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. I'm talking about that. I don't think that will have an impact of ESOP charges. 
Management: 
Absolutely. On a material margin level, if I look at it, year-on-year, it has been the same. If I 
look at on a quarter-on-quarter basis from Q4 versus Q1, we had a higher percentage of our 
R&D revenues on CRDMO business, because of which, as a percentage of revenues, roughly, it 
was about 16% versus 11%, which is right now for this quarter, which is in line with the overall 
FY25 number, because of which, Q4 of FY25, the material margin was slightly higher. 
Management: 
Does that answer your question? Hello?  

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Yes, yes. I will join back with you. That's from my side from now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bansi Desai: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on good set of numbers. The first 
question is more broader one. This is regarding generally the pricing environment, given the 
recent developments around MFN policy, the political rhetoric around drug pricing. How do you 
see all of that translate into pricing pressure for CDMO companies and the negotiations that you 
are probably having with your innovator clients? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Bansi, thanks for the question. See, we are in an environment which is very uncertain politically. 
So, what is true today may not be true tomorrow. But what we are finding is that there is, 
everybody is operating in an environment of uncertainty. So, in the past, also, we have had these 
instances where there was uncertainty. I mean, we look back at our track record of 20 years now, 
nearly. There were financial crisis in 2008, then there was COVID. 
 
We were able to navigate all those uncertainties, by being adaptive to what is happening in the 
environment around us. I do not see that this will affect, that should change even now. Should 
there be policies which are adverse, which we do not, nobody can predict. I think, first of all, it 
will affect everybody equally and Anthem should be able to navigate as it has done in the past 
successfully.  
We are not hearing any negotiation on pricing pressure from our customers other than the 
normal, what they say that when volumes go up, people want to discuss pricing. But there is no 
undue pressure on pricing that we are seeing from our customers at all. 
Bansi Desai: 
That is clear, sir. And secondly, just on the gross margin bit, we were in the process of backward 
integrating, one of our key molecules. If you can shed some light on where are we on that process 
and have you started to see benefits of that in Q1 quarter? 
Management: 
So, Bansi, the backward integration part has been done now and now we are no more reliant on 
any external sources of supply for that key intermediate. And you will see the benefit of the the 
gross margins in the quarters to come. 
Bansi Desai: 
Understood. Thanks. Just last one, if you can just update us on how your late phase pipeline, 
your late Phase 3 pipeline products have moved from the last, you know, RHP. So, we had 10 
odd molecules in Phase 3. Any update or development on that front? 
Management: 
So, right, we had 10 products which were in the Phase 3 when we had filed the document till 
March ‘25. The two which were in the filing stage have got approved. So, we had some of these 
molecules move on to the commercial part right now. So, the commercial portfolio has increased 
from 10 to 12. Phase 3 has reduced from 10 to 8. And in the quarters to come, we will see some 
more positive impact on account of these molecules which have got commercial. 
 
But we do not know in terms of what sort of market expectations they will have in the end market 
of this particular product, because it needs to be launched and depending upon the success of the 
product, it will show results for us. 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
We cannot predict the success of these molecules, but we are certainly plugged in and if they go 
on to become large billion dollar drugs, Anthem will certainly benefit. 
Bansi Desai: 
Perfect. I have more questions. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devanjan Bhakta from Universal General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Devanjan Bhakta: 
Yes, hello. Congress on the good set of numbers. I wanted to just understand, like, do we have 
capacity in monoclonal antibodies, like bioreactors and stuff or is it going to be fulfilled by the 
fermentation capacity? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Yes, so we as we say, we have disclosed that we have large fermentation capacity. We are right 
now in the labs, monoclonal antibody research going on for our customers, but do we have a 
commercial setup for that at the moment? No. But we are always driven by the needs of our 
clients and going forward as our projects unfold and they move toward commercialization, 
Anthem will definitely look at adding antibody production capacity.  
And at this moment, we have a number of products, projects in this space, where we will be 
doing what is called cell-based manufacturers. So at the moment, we are definitely very, very 
plugged into this research, but at the moment, we do not have any commercial products which 
are monoclonal antibodies. 
Devanjan Bhakta: 
Okay. Thank you. That's the only question I had. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amey from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. I have one question on the modality front. So from the 
RHPs, we understood we have exposure to ADCs, RNA products, projects, etcetera. So is it 
possible for management to give some color on these new modality front? Because at present, 
we have good exposure to small molecules, but how we can see some of these new modalities 
start contributing on the commercial side of the revenue? 
Management: 
Thanks, Amey. With respect to the modalities, we had also mentioned in the document as well 
that we have upgraded ourselves from being a lab-scale facility in some of these modalities to 
commercial-scale facilities. So ADCs, so in Hypotent, we have now commissioned the new 
Anthem commercial-scale facility.  
Peptides also, we have commissioned the commercial-scale facility. In RNA and lipids, we do 
manufacture batches which are more on commercial or in the development batches level. So 
from a manufacturing technique from lab-scale, we have moved up to the commercial-scale 
level.  
There are products which are still in the development stage, which we had given in the document 
and that remains as a status quo, which still continues to be in the development stage, hasn't 
moved to the commercial stage at this point of time to start yielding significant revenues for us.  

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
But the work is still ongoing on the development stage across all of these modalities and I think 
we have mentioned the number of products as well in our document of March 25 and status quo 
is there on June 25 also on the number of products. 
Amey: 
Sure, thank you. And the second question I have on the lateral versus the own product. So far, if 
you would have seen the most of the CDMO players in India, they are more relying on the lateral 
project because they are moving from being an API company to becoming a CDMO company. 
But we have been a CDMO company since day one and so our dependence on our own product 
pipeline for the commercialization has been on the higher side. 
However, we don't have any lateral projects in our portfolio. So going ahead, are we looking to 
get more lateral projects as well? How does that as a strategy come into, in terms of thought 
process, like do we approach lateral projects as well or you think that the focus should be on 
your own product portfolio? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Listen, the lateral projects is very much on the cards. In fact, we have right now one project 
which has come laterally and that we see that ramp up in the future. At the same time the 
movement of being becoming the second source for a large product, we have already had very 
good conversations with our customers.  
You know that for many of the products, we are the primary and the largest source for them. But 
that does open up doors for us to be a second source for some of the existing projects. So 
definitely, we are not averse to it and we are very actively discussing it with our customers. And 
we see some of those, some of that fructifying in the future. So it's not something that we close 
the door on. And actually, we are seeing already one project which is moving in that direction. 
Amey: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harpreet Kaur from Samar Wealth Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Harpreet Kaur: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. So I just wanted to ask, what is the expected amount of capex in 
unit 3 and unit 4 in the coming years in number wise, I mean? 
Management: 
So unit 2 and 3, we have a capital commitment of about close to INR150 odd crores, which we 
will be completing and getting unit 2 and unit 3 completely commissioned. Unit 4 is still in very 
early stage right now of planning. And we will come back to the investor group once we have 
the firm plans in place for unit 4 expansion. And then we will report the numbers in terms of the 
overall capex that we are looking at spending on unit 4. 
Harpreet Kaur: 
All right. So will it be internal accrual or you are planning for borrowing as well? 
Management: 
So Harpreet, we have about INR785 crores of net cash. So a large portion of this net cash, we 
will be deploying towards our capacity expansion, because both unit 2, unit 3 and also unit 4 
will be funded from this treasury, what we have. Plus unit 4, because it will be a Greenfield 
project.  

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
So it will not be a single year project, but a couple of years of project, multi-year project. So 
there will be cash iteration also, from the business for these couple of years. So we will use that 
also for redeploying into capacity addition for the company. If we get borrowings at extremely 
attractive rates, we will not be averse in taking the borrowing, but on a net cash position, it will 
always be positive for us. 
Harpreet Kaur: 
Okay. So I have one more question. So like this quarter, we had 60% of revenue growth. And I 
wanted to understand what was really the growth driver? Was it volume-wise or value-wise in 
your commercialization molecules? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
So see, our commercialized molecules were the growth drivers and these were the requirement 
from our clients were for larger quantities. So they translated into bigger numbers in terms of 
sales. So that's been and it's not just one product, it's across the board, about 5 or 6 of our clients, 
all of those product categories have grown.  
And we've been saying this, that there is definitely a lot of headroom to grow for these products. 
And we saw some of that in the last quarter. Having said that, it's not that customers do stock up 
material for future. So it's not like every quarter, the quantities will be going up like that. We 
will still maintain that for the year. Our growth should be in the range of our historical -- 10-
year historical growth, which is about 22%. 
Harpreet Kaur: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we move to the next question, a reminder to the participants to ask a question, 
you may press star and one. Next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile 
Thinking. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Hi, Ajay, would you rather wait for innovators to award 
the contract before expanding capacity or build capacity now and be ready to welcome them? In 
your view, where is the line between necessary caution and missed opportunity? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Very good question, Mr. Kapoor. The -- see, we have always expanded ahead of the curve and 
that's the nature of this business. You have to anticipate your customer's needs and you've got to 
add those new modalities. So you have to operate at the edge of technology development as well. 
So totally, as Gawir has already said, we have at the moment 70% capacity utilization and yet 
we're adding capacity. 
 
What we see is from our clients' futuristic projections on what they think the molecules that we 
are working on, which direction they will go. Anticipating that, we make investments in capacity 
expansion. So, clearly, we have -- so far in the past not missed opportunities, because we didn't 
have capacities. That has never been the case. And I don't expect that to be the case in the future 
as well. 
At the same time, development -- success of the product under development is not guaranteed. 
There is where Anthem has its own product line, which are our specialty ingredients. And we 
are able to utilize our capacities efficiently in -- while products are being approved by our clients.  

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
So that's -- the whole basis of this model, which was an innovative model that we designed is 
this, that while our projects move along the pipeline towards commercialization, these are our 
clients' projects. As we get approvals, which also take time, we will be able to use our capacities 
to fill in with our own products. I think that -- we see that -- we always ahead -- invest ahead of 
time so that we are never found wanting in terms of capacity. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thanks for the detailed response, Ajay. That was very thoughtful. My second question is, what 
are Anthem's top weaknesses today, if any, and how you wish to address them? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
That's a very tricky question and it goes down to almost very fundamental question. We do our 
-- look at what our strengths are, weaknesses are always harder to identify. But at the moment, 
as we see it, the most uncertainty comes from the -- from what's happening geopolitically. 
In terms of our strengths, we are very strong in terms of developing new technologies. We are 
operating always at the cusp of technology development. We are arguably the only company 
which is doing chemistry, using a lot of biology. And we are operating at a lot of interdisciplinary 
fields. So that's what our clients like and that's where we will keep pushing the agenda. I don't 
see that we will again be slipping up on technology. 
So the whole basis of Anthem is right from the beginning has been, how can we push the 
boundary on technology development? And since you've asked this question, we've answered 
this before also in our, when we were doing our roadshows, we will operate at the cusp of 
disciplines. So the marriage of chemistry and biology, the marriage of manufacturing with -- 
continuous manufacturing with batch manufacturing, automation to a degree that allows us to 
be most competitive. So this is Anthem's forte and we will continue to make investments in this 
direction. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
No. That's helpful, Ajay. And just as a comment, before I step down and hand it over to the next 
participant, I interact with a lot of industry players in the CDMO space. And one or two guys 
that I regard highly in this space, I asked, how do you rate Anthem in terms of capabilities, 
ethics, compliance, etcetera. And both of them praised Anthem very highly. So keep up the good 
work and wish you guys all the very best and hope to meet you at some point in Bangalore. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Thank you. Thank you. That's very encouraging. At the same time, we don't sit on our laurels. 
We want to keep pushing the boundary in terms of both being more and more compliant because 
that environment is changing rapidly. And secondly, pushing again towards new directions in 
technology development, because, see, there's a lot happening in technology out there and 
Anthem has a front row seat in drug development. And I say that very emphatically. We know 
what the thinking of drug developers is and what do they need and anticipating their need is 
Anthem's forte and we'll keep doing that. Thank you. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please proceed. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Yes. You're audible. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just if you could share the revenue composition, geography wise, like US, Europe and/or if 
not, then what was the constant currency growth for the quarter? 
Gawir Baig: 
See, 15% of our revenues comes from exports, from domestic, which is largely speciality 
ingredients. And within CRDMO, it's largely Europe, which constitutes close to about 55% to 
60% of the CRDMO business, followed by Europe, about 40 odd percentage. Hardly any 
revenues coming from ROW markets or Europe markets. Or ROW markets or India markets on 
CRDMO. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So constant currency or how to look at it, like, would it be possible to share on currency growth 
or the volume growth? 
Gawir Baig: 
So I can share the FX gain that has been recognized in this quarter. Within the other income, 
that's roughly about INR3 crores. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. And sir, within CRDMO, would it be possible to break the revenue of CRO and CMO 
and respective gross profit margins? 
Gawir Baig: 
Not on the gross profit margins, but the split of R&D -- within CRDMO, R&D revenues is about 
INR50 odd crores, and the development and manufacturing revenues is about INR400 odd 
crores. So which is the split between the INR450 crores of CRDMO revenues that we have. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
I meant to ask this development and manufacturing. So again, there is a further two buckets, 
right? The development related business… 
Gawir Baig: 
Yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And manufacturing related business. 
Gawir Baig: 
See, development and commercial manufacturing, more or less in line with what we have 
reported in March ‘25. So the percentages are broadly the same across FY ‘25, as well as in Q1 
FY ‘26. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. And just lastly, from my side, as you pick up these new sort of technologies, ADCs or 
peptides, just your thought process in terms of the profitability or the return ratios on these 
aspects or let's say the timeline to achieve that, any broad contours or framework, is it in line 
with what we have of the existing business or you think that this is going to take lesser time or 
longer time, whichever way? 
Management: 
See, two questions asked over here in terms of some of these new modalities, they are still in the 
development stage at this point of time. So the quantities are smaller, so the value is smaller 
because the volumes are smaller at this point of time from a development point. Now, the 
gestation is obviously longer because some of these are still in the early stage development, very 
few in the late stage development. 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
So it will still take a long period of time to yield larger volumes or move towards 
commercialization. So it's very difficult to say that there will be having a significant impact from 
the margins point of view. But at this point of time, when they are in development batches, the 
margin profile is very similar to our existing business. Hardly much difference on the -- on some 
of these new age modalities because the development batches are currently smaller. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. And just one addition to this, like, what gives the right to win in these segments where 
there are already established players? I'm just going back to the history where you sort of cracked 
for the other segment, but as we stand today, what gives us the right to win into these segments 
going forward? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
So we have been engaged with the customers from the early development. So if you work, by 
the time the product becomes commercial, you've been working on it for 7, 8 or even longer 
years, then it's very likely that more about it than anybody else. So the project would stay with 
you. And that's what gives us the confidence that since we are already working in so many of 
these modalities with customers and on a number of projects, these should stay with us. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
All right. So that helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amlan Jyoti Das from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Sorry to interrupt. Your voice is breaking. Your voice is not clear. 
Amlan Jyoti Das: 
Yeah. Hello, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just have a question on the margin 
front. So how do you see the EBITDA and gross margins going forward in this year and the 
coming couple of years? 
Management: 
Amlan, broadly we are looking at steady margins for both on an EBITDA and a gross margin 
and also on a PAT margin level. So directionally, we have done about close to about 38% on an 
overall number for an FY '25 basis. And I think we'll continue to be in the same zip code of from 
an EBITDA margin as well as from a gross margins level. 
Amlan Jyoti Das: 
All right, sir. Sir, one more question on the quarter 1 FY '26. So your other expenses increase 
was quite high at around 90% year-on-year. Was there any one-off expense in this other expenses 
part? 
Management: 
Other expenses have gone up because we also – so this is on a consolidated level. We also have 
neo-anthem and anthem expansion, which is added in quarter 1 of FY '26. So we had 
commissioned the unit to 54 kiloliters of capacity. So obviously, there is spend on power and 
fuel which has gone up because of which the other expenses have gone up. 
I would also say from a CSR contribution point of view, that was also slightly higher in the first 
quarter, which will tone down over the course of the full year numbers. That is the only reason 
which I could think of from an other expenses point of view of other expenses going up for 
quarter 1 of FY '26. 
Amlan Jyoti Das: 
All right, sir. Those are my questions. Thank you. 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jash Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha. Please proceed. 
Jash Gandhi: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats for the great results. Sir, just one 
question on the two commercialized molecules that you highlighted that have been approved 
now. So which therapeutic areas do they belong to and are they for biotech, or are they for big 
pharma? That's it. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thanks for asking this question. But from a client point of view or from a product point of view, 
we will not be able to take any questions because we have signed CDAs with respect to the 
particular products or particular clients where we are not supposed to disclose anything about 
the product. So unfortunately, I won't be able to answer this question on the therapeutic area or 
the client or clientele of the customer type. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
However, no, no, you asked is it for biotech or big pharma? These are established pharma 
companies. 
Jash Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay. And, sir, just one thing. Are any of these molecules part of the Q1 numbers? Are 
any of the delivery part of the Q1 numbers, or are they not? 
Management: 
They are part of the Q1 numbers, but the numbers are not -- are marginal. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Yeah. This is the initial phase, so they are there, but it's early days, so the impact is small. 
Jash Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay. And are we seeing any good traction on that product in the end market? I mean, 
because of the delivery that you mentioned. So are they -- so how is the traction in the end market 
if we have any idea on the end market traction of these products? 
Management: 
Too early to say at this point of time because the molecules have been commercialized only in 
the last quarter, Q1. So they themselves have to do a significant amount of market penetration. 
So it's very early to comment on the success of that particular product, or how they are seeing 
as a traction on the -- or seeing a market traction in their end market level. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
But again, you see, since it's just been launched, there is a lot of headroom to grow. 
Jash Gandhi: 
Okay. And just one last question, if I may, squeeze in. On the existing molecules that we have 
around the end molecules that are being commercialized, how is the traction in the end market 
of these molecules? Are they seeing -- because historically they have been doing quite well and 
a few of them are blockbusters as well. So how is the traction in those molecules? 
Management: 
See, again, I won't be able to comment anything on client-specific or product-specific 
information. The traction from their side has been good because of which I think the traction 
from our side as a partner, as a supply chain partner to them has been good. 
Jash Gandhi: 
Okay. And the new molecules that will be around roughly 5%-7% of the overall sales for the 
quarter? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Yeah, we will not disclose those numbers. We are bound by agreements. 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Jash Gandhi: 
No problem. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please proceed. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, so thanks for taking my question. Sir, I think you mentioned about discussion with the 
customers on pricing with all this, noise on tariff, et cetera. I'm wondering, two questions here. 
One is, is there any discussion in the recent past regarding setting up facility in the US? Given 
that dynamics, do you see that a possibility sometime in the future? 
 
And then let's say tomorrow there is a tariff imposed, whatever that number is, how will that 
impact our business? Will we be able to pass on any impact on day 1? How the dynamics would 
work out in such an eventuality, if you can, take us through that? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Okay. Your second question first, the impact on tariffs. See, we are dealing with global 
companies and we could be working, very often it happens that the company you're working for 
might be a European company, but the product is being taken by them in the US and or a US 
company which buys the product in Europe, in their facilities in Europe. 
 
So, I think you have seen a large part of our sales do go to Europe. So, from there it is formulated 
and then distributed globally by the big pharma. So, only the part that goes into America might 
be tariffed and that is the end product. We are supplying the active or the advanced intermediate. 
 
So, will these qualify as pharma itself is sometimes, a question mark, because some of the 
products when they are under development, they are still chemicals and not drugs. So, this is all 
a bit murky as to how tariffs will affect some of the, definitely the development and the other 
thing. 
 
And as these companies will probably adapt if there is a very heavy tariff put on pharma, most 
of our products can go to Europe as well. And from there, they are distributed to the US. So, 
again, we will not be directly impacted. As far as putting up a facility in US, I mean, that is a 
very long term process. 
 
Just think about it. First, you set up a facility that itself, it takes much longer in a developed 
country than it would take here in India. Secondly, then you have to wait for approvals. Then all 
that the whole cycle is maybe 7 to 8 year cycle. And that is where I think there is a huge 
disincentive to go and set up a facility there for most people. And, if somebody can say, well 
you can acquire a facility. 
 
Well, the cost of acquisition is so onerous that it may not be even commercially viable. So, 
taking all that into account, I do not think that is something that is on the cards. But of course, 
as we said, if there is a right type of candidate available for acquisition, Anthem is open to that. 
And we are always looking to see if we can grow in organically. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And then the second question would be, you mentioned about new technology frontier 
and how things are sort of changing at a fast pace. In this backdrop, what would be the potential 
bottleneck as you try to keep pace? Will it be possible to organically build those capabilities on 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
time or you would require to look at acquisition to sort of, manage this fast changes in 
technology? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
See, again, when you are saying, when we are talking about fast changes in technology, then 
when the new technologies are emerging, there are hardly any historical players that you can 
acquire because it is so new that there is nobody doing that at that moment. 
 
So, mostly it does require building up capabilities from the ground up. And that is what Anthem 
has been really good at. However, when you say to talk about new modalities, which have been 
around for some time, and there could be an acquisition target, then Anthem will look at that. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Gawir, is it possible to just this INR450 crores CRDMO revenues in terms of, customer 
concentration, big pharma versus emerging pharma split or, yes, I mean, that kind of a split or 
concentration of the product, if you can give some color, customer and product concentration in 
this revenue base? 
Gawir Baig: 
It is in line with what we have witnessed in March 25 from a percentage level. Our commercial 
portfolio is similar. And if you look at the commercial portfolio, it is largely coming in from the 
big companies. The development portfolio as a percentage of revenues have been the same as in 
Q1 FY '26 as what it was in FY '25. And that comes from the emerging biotech space. 
 
So broadly, the color of the business across on the CRDMO and the split has broadly has been 
the same, maybe marginal one or two percentage here and there, but broadly, the directionally, 
the numbers are the same percentage wise. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow up question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JP Morgan. Please 
proceed. 
Bansi Desai: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question again. So firstly, just on this commercial portfolio that we 
have, how should we think about the growth outlook here? So is it going to track the end 
molecule sales, largely speaking, or is there a possibility for us to do better? 
 
The reason why I'm asking is that we probably are primary source supplier on a lot of these large 
products that we have. So is there scope for us to see increased wallet share, or even forward 
integrate in some of these products? 
Gawir Baig: 
See, Bansi, I mean, if you look at the relationships that we have with our large customers and 
for whom we supply commercial molecules, over the time since we've been engaged with them, 
we have been deepening our relationship, our engagement with them have been pretty high. 
 
And we keep on discussing with them on a weekly basis in terms of what else could be done or 
what are other projects as well. So from a customer engagement point of view, what we are 
doing is we're doing things in the right direction, hopefully, that can add on to the wallet share. 
 
But I don't want to make any comment futuristic in nature, which could say that, we will increase 
on wallet share. But broadly, the customer growth and molecule growth is what we would 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
actually mirror from a supply chain point of view. By keeping our wallet share intact is what I 
would rather say. 
Bansi Desai: 
Understood. And secondly, next year we have GLP-1 going off patent in multiple markets. We 
now have peptide capacity also, which is commissioned. Is this going to be an exciting, growth 
driver for specialty ingredients, if we say, over the next 2, 3 years? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Yes, I mean, as we said, told everybody before, we are definitely participating in the GLP-1 
space. And we have a number of customers whom we are, a number of pharma companies whom 
we are talking about, we are supplied samples to, and we are in very active conversation on 
developing this. Yes. 
 
So going forward, Anthem will be a player, a serious player in GLP-1. Because it is a, this is, it 
is not a me-too type of product. And we believe that our competitive strengths will allow us to 
be one of the, I would say, the leading producers of GLP-1. Surely. 
Bansi Desai: 
And we will be able to compete with Chinese competitors as well? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Absolutely. I mean, if you can't, then you're not in the business. 
Bansi Desai: 
Understood. That's great. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Amey from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Amey: 
Yes, thank you so much for giving opportunity again. I have one question on the BD team side. 
So most of our Indian companies, even the foreign peers do have a conscious presence of BD 
teams. However, we have been largely now at least working from India. So going ahead, do you 
have any thought process of putting up BD team in these locations like Europe, etcetera, or we 
will continue to work from India? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
So in terms of business development, I think our growth and our performance speaks for the fact 
that our BD approach has worked really well up till now. Again, we're not adverse to putting 
feet on the ground in those geographies, but there has to be a very compelling reason. And at the 
moment, we don't see a compelling reason, we're able to manage all of it from here, as well as 
wherever required need based we will have people to support us.  
But in terms of our US BD, that is very well established. And we are working with our partners 
over there. And it's worked so well for the last 19 years that it doesn't give us any reason to want 
to change that. So I think that question has been answered a long time back. And we are able to 
manage it.  
See, otherwise, you would see that our cost of BD will escalate very, very significantly, if we 
were to start looking and putting our own BD on the ground in these countries. So I think we'll 
be we'll continue to do what we've been doing up till now. 
Amey: 
Sure. And the second question I have on the CRO part of the business, at present it remains one 
of the minority segments. Going ahead, you have any thought process of developing the CRO 

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
part of the business? Also, we are largely FFS focused player. Once you scale in the CRO, you 
think that the FFS contract mix would remain that high? 
Management: 
So our large focus has obviously been on the manufacturing part on development, both 
development batches and commercial batches manufacturing. While number wise, CRO as a 
percentage of revenues is roughly about 10%. And it is a reduced part of our overall business, 
but it still is a very integral part of a business. It's not something which is not being is being 
defocused or anything of that sort.  
We continue to focus on the CRO part, because these are the feeders for our development stage 
molecules and which becomes the feeder for our phase three or the commercial stage molecules. 
So we'll continue to work on it. FFS will continue to be the larger share of our business compared 
to FTE. I don't think that there will be any change of our strategy over there, because what we've 
been doing so far has yielded us good results on the manufacturing front. And we'll continue to 
do that.  
If there is certain things on, if a client does approach us for setting up dedicated stuff for them 
with on an FTE model, we can evaluate any proposal, which comes to us from a merit of that 
proposal and then take it ahead. But FFS and R&D being a focus area, yes, it is a focus area and 
we'll continue to focus on working towards it and on the FFS part of the business. 
Amey: 
And on the CRO, like if you have to track the growth of this business, would it be R&D, scientist, 
addition, etc. would be the right thing or anything that you can help over there like are we going 
to add R&D scientists which could drive this CRO growth? How should we look at it from the 
growth perspective? 
Management: 
So a number of scientific staff guys we have added and we are adding more and more. At the 
end of the day, human talent is what the company is all about. And we'll be keeping on adding 
talent from an R&D point of view that will drive our revenues from an R&D front may not be 
necessarily on an FTE side, but definitely on the FFS side. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
And also, I mean, some of the capex which is towards which has gone in both unit 2 and 3 is 
towards expanding our lab capacity. So those lab capacities are being expanded because there is 
a need for more people in terms of scientific staff. So we are clearly going to add more scientific 
capacity, both in terms of physical capacity and human resources. 
Amey: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devanjan Bhakta from Universal Sompo General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Devanjan Bhakta: 
Yes, thanks for the follow up. Like I wanted to get the split between the customer types like 
revenue split, like how much percentage is coming from originators and how much of it is 
coming from generic companies? 
Management: 
So our CRDM business is pure play, innovative focused. We don't do any generic work on the 
CRDM part of the business.  

 
 
Anthem Biosciences Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Devanjan Bhakta: 
Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow up question is from the line of Amlan Jyoti Das from Nomura. Please 
proceed. 
Amlan Jyoti Das: 
Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the follow up. So my question is regarding the ADC space. So I just 
wanted to understand what capabilities do you have right now in the ADC space? Are you also 
looking for conjugation capabilities and one more? So you had one latest project in the ADC 
space. So just wanted to understand what is the stage of the product right now? 
Management: 
It's still in the late stage. Status quo on that continues to be on our late stage pipeline. In terms 
of capabilities, so we have done the conjugation. We have done the cytotoxic drug substance as 
well. So capabilities wise, we have the full capabilities from an ADC point of view across 
multiple projects. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
So we have done conjugation of the warhead with the linker. We have made both of them in 
terms of conjugating with the monoclonal antibody itself. We've done proof of concept and have 
demonstrated it to our customers. So we have all the capabilities. Currently, there is no project 
that has gone commercial, but we hope to change that in the future. 
Amlan Jyoti Das: 
All right. So of the five or six early stage projects that you had in the ADC space, do you see 
any of these going to late stage early in this year? 
Management: 
I'll refrain to comment on that because it's difficult to comment on the timelines of some of these 
early stage moving to late stage. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Discovery is a process which is inherent in terms of timelines are hard to predict, but it's more 
important to have many shots on goal. If you have many projects which are there, so if you have 
more fish in the pond, there's more likelihood of catching that fish.  
Amlan Jyoti Das: 
All right, sir. Thank you for the answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Anthem Management for the closing comments. 
Management: 
Thanks a lot, everyone, for joining this earnings call. This was the first ever earnings call for 
Anthem Biosciences and we look forward to your participation going forward as well as the 
other earnings calls. Thank you, everyone and have a good day. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: 
Right. Thank you, everybody and bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Anthem Biosciences Limited and Nomura, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
