 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office:  
No.4/1-2, Crescent Road,  
Bangalore – 560001, India 
T +918022378000  
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
CIN L17112KA1985PLC006647 
www.himatsingka.com 
 
REF: HSL/SEC/2025/54 
 
August 19, 2025 
 
To  
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 514043 
To 
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for Analysts and Investors. 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of transcript of Earnings Call for Analysts and 
Investors held on Wednesday, August 13, 2025.  
 
Please note that the transcript of earnings conference call shall be available on the website of the 
Company.  
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bindu D.  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
Bindu D
Digitally signed by 
Bindu D 
Date: 2025.08.19 
17:21:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHRIKANT HIMATSINGKA – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR – HIMATSINGKA 
SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANKARANARAYANAN M. – PRESIDENT- FINANCE 
AND GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. BANKESH DHINGRA – VICE PRESIDENT & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER- OPERATIONS – HIMATSINGKA 
SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRERNA JHUNJHUNWALA – ELARA SECURITIES 
INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Himatsingka Seide Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Hamshad. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private 
Limited, I would like to welcome you all for Q1 FY '26 Post Results Conference Call of 
Himatsingka Seide Limited. Today, we have with us the senior management of the company, 
including Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka, Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Sankaranarayanan M., President- Finance and Group CFO; and Mr. Bankesh Dhingra, Vice 
President, & CFO-Operations.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka for opening remarks, post 
which we will take the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Hi, everybody. Thanks for taking the time this afternoon to join us for our earnings call. I'd 
like to begin with a quick business update, presuming you've gone through the numbers. And 
then, of course, I'll be happy to answer any questions that you might have. 
 
So to begin with, our Y-o-Y total revenues and total income saw a decline of 10.4% and stood 
at INR 661 crores versus INR 738 crores during the same quarter last year. This is largely on 
account of the uncertainties that prevail owing to the tariffs that have been imposed by the 
United States.  
Our capacity utilization levels were largely range bound during the quarter, as you might have 
seen already, the Spinning was at 99%. The Sheeting division came in at 60% and Terry at 
68%, pretty much the same as last quarter, some minor fluctuations in realizations.  
The proposed additional 25% tariff to be imposed by the United States has created some 
uncertainties and has adversely impacted sentiments. And this environment reinforces our 
strategy of expanding our global client base into other jurisdictions, geographies and channels. 
So that remains a very, very key focus of Himatsingka, especially under the current 
circumstances. So this is not a new strategy, but it's reinforced, and we are pursuing it with 
greater vigor than we did previously. 
 
We see opportunities to expand our market presence in the UK following the signing of the 
FTA between India and the UK in July 2025. Of course, for initiatives on the UK front to 
come to fruition, it will take a few months until the agreements are formalized and effective.  
As we have shared earlier, we operate in India with three brands. We operate with our Himeya 
brand, our Atmosphere brand and our Liv brand. We remain committed to expand our 
presence in India and grow our India businesses rapidly. The three brands cover a broad cross-
section of home textile products and are positioned to service consumers across price points 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
and product categories. We continue to see Y-o-Y growth in our revenue streams from our 
India market. 
 
On the ESG front, there's really no change from the last quarter, and we remain on track to 
achieve some of our key sustainability goals by 2030. We are also taking initiatives to fast 
forward this deadline of 2030 that we have set internally for ourselves, which will also help us 
rationalize some of our energy costs.  
During the first quarter, we continued to bring our debt down vis-à-vis March. Our net debt 
stood at INR 2,405 crores versus INR 2,425 crores during the end of March 31, 2025. So these 
are some of the key updates that I thought I'd like to share. 
 
Our focus areas going forward will be as follows: Number one, we will be focused on our 
India presence and to grow our India presence. So not only will we be growing our three 
brands, we are also growing our private label presence in the country.  
There are definitely various buckets and opportunities to tap into, which we are doing. We 
expect our India business -- India business to close to double from the previous fiscal. And we 
seem to be broadly on track vis-a-vis our vision of taking India to close to INR 1,000 crores, 
INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 crores over the next few years. 
 
Second, we remain extremely committed and focused on expanding our presence in non-U.S. 
jurisdictions. We currently service 35 non-U.S. jurisdictions. And we are taking and making 
additional efforts to enhance our presence across these jurisdictions to reduce some of our 
dependence on the U.S. given the volatility.  
Third, we will be making sure that while we take these initiatives, we are balancing our 
presence across channels and across price points to be able to have a more stable portfolio 
going forward. So these are our key areas of focus at this point. 
 
As far as tariffs is concerned, we are on a wait-and-watch mode. We believe that up to 25% of 
tariffs shouldn't create any material disturbance or any stir of any kind or any interruption of 
any kind because we will be comparable to other competing home textile geographies such as 
China and Pakistan.  
If the tariffs were capped at 25%, then we are 5% better off than China and 6% worse off than 
Pakistan, which puts India in a reasonably competitive position, and we don't -- at least as far 
as Himatsingka is concerned, we don't see that to be a material challenge. 
 
What is turning out to be the challenge is really the tariffs that have been imposed over and 
above the 25% threshold. And the feedback we're getting from clients at this point is largely a 
wait-and-watch kind of feedback. They'd like to see what happens over the next couple of 
weeks vis-a-vis the discussions that are ongoing in diplomatic channels.  
The customers have not -- as we speak, we haven't seen any clients pull back on any orders nor 
have we seen any clients ask us to stop production at this point. And this is where we stand as 
far as the tariffs are concerned. So this was our quick, let's just say, take on the tariff situation. 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
I've shared with you our key areas of focus. Unfortunately, our utilizations have been hit 
because of these impacts. But hopefully, there will be a resolution to these matters pretty soon.  
I'll be happy to take any questions that you might have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Suvankar Mallick from SKS Capital. 
Suvankar Mallick: 
My first question is, is the company considering relocating the production to other countries in 
response to tariff? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
There are limitations in doing so, Survankar, because of the underlying regulations and the 
assets that are involved in the process. So we don't have any specific plans of relocating any 
manufacturing facilities at this point. 
Suvankar Mallick: 
Okay. My next question is, is management currently exploring new markets or customers to 
offset the impact on the U.S. business? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We absolutely are. As I said earlier in my business update, other than the U.S., we are 
currently serving 35 jurisdictions globally. And we service a client roster of over 70 clients 
non-U.S. We are working round the clock under the circumstances to be able to push and 
expand our presence in non-U.S. jurisdictions as fast as possible. That's something we are 
doing. And I can't be more specific at this point, but it's definitely priority number 1 on our 
agenda. 
Suvankar Mallick: 
Yes. So can I squeeze another question?  
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Sure. 
Suvankar Mallick: 
Can you just share the FY '26 guidance about like revenue and margin? That's the last 
question. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Survankar, Himansinka does not give guidances on revenues and margins. As far as margins is 
concerned, we have shared with stakeholders earlier that our EBITDA margin band is 18% to 
22%, and that's where we believe our model should deliver. That's not a guidance for '26, but 
that's more a band guidance that we believe we should be at, at any given time. However, 
under the current circumstances and the uncertainties that prevail, I'm afraid I can't share 
anything more specific at this time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam Holdings. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
A couple of questions. One is on the -- first thing on the tariff itself. Despite this quarter had a 
full impact of incremental 10%, which was levied on Indian exports to the U.S., your margin is 
still at 19%, which was a decent enough decline of hardly 200 basis points. So has the client 
absorbed the incremental 10% impact and there was no impact on FOB values because it looks 
like the margin decline quarter-on-quarter was largely due to a lower top line and operating 
leverage. 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. I mean we had shared with investors earlier that -- and stakeholders earlier that we expect 
150 basis to 200 basis point share somewhere in that range. And of course, it's dependent on 
product mix. And we had also said that as far as the first phase of 10% went, the clients have 
reached out on sharing some of the burden on tariffs, and we said that we will share a little bit 
of burdens of the total. And the rest is either been absorbed by the client or the has been passed 
on to the consumer.  
To the best of our knowledge, as far as Phase 1 is concerned, it's been absorbed by most of the 
large retailers, and they haven't materially passed on anything at this moment. There are a few 
exceptions and a few buckets where they have passed it on. But as far as the first phase is 
concerned, to the best of our knowledge, it's been limited to absorption at their end. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Okay. That's very helpful, sir. And obviously, you already would have been in talks with the -- 
now the tariffs of all the countries have been announced and India got 25 and another 25 as a 
penalty.  
So what is the discussions right now about the initial 15% increase, how the -- again, it's a 
similar situation, you will have to partly absorb and they're partly absorbing because first 10% 
and now 25% is a very different number? 
So what kind of -- what is the client feedback on that 25% levied to India vis-à-vis the other 
countries, a few countries are having lower than 25%? I'm not taking another 25%, which is 
still -- there is a possibility of a rollback if at all the India stops buying Russian oil.  
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
First 10% -- whatever the calculation had to be done has been done. The 10 to 25 bucket will 
largely follow the same pattern as the 0 to 10 bucket. And maybe the impact will be slightly 
lower than what was on the 0 to 10 bucket because as far as we are concerned, we have already 
shared some on the first instance.  
The last 25 to 50 bucket, there has been no discussions yet because quite honestly, it's been just 
a week since it's been imposed. And everybody is just digesting how to handle an uncertainty 
and a phenomenon of this nature, which is unprecedented and sort of as far as India is 
concerned, and we haven't seen something as absurd as this before.  
So we haven't taken any precipitative steps and/or any conclusive steps or have had any 
conclusive discussions with clients vis-a-vis this 25 to 50 bucket. It's on a wait-and-watch 
mode, and it's being worked out at this point. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Sure. So as I interpret, you're saying that the first 25 shouldn't be a problem and the newspaper 
reports indicating that the big box retailer had cancelled orders of Indian clients because of the 
sharp increase is all speculative, right? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
There is no such things as client cancelling orders of Indian exporters. That's a broad and 
sweeping comment, Bhavin. I cannot say that nothing has occurred. I can say that nothing has 
occurred vis-à-vis Himatsingka. And I can also say that nothing -- one should look at any such 
articles in the light of the fact that it not -- it doesn't just address home textiles, but could cater 
to various categories of products.  

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
It could include apparel. It could include other forms of products, which I have no jurisdiction 
to comment on. As far as Himatsingka is concerned and to the best of my knowledge vis-à-vis 
the home textile industry, we haven't seen any substantive and/or material decision by any 
client to withhold and/or stop production of any kind. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Just wanted to understand the efforts on the brand side. Most of the other home textile 
companies whom we speak to have ramped up their branded profile to mitigate the risk on 
B2B orders. Where are -- what are we doing on branded side in the U.S.? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Prena, the Himatsingha operates a fairly substantive portfolio of brands. If you were to look at 
us, if you were comparing apples-to-apples, there are enough brands that we have as well. I'm 
not sure that brands will help us mitigate B2B risk. This is Himatsingka's personal -- I mean, 
this is Himatsingka's opinion because we did operate the largest national portfolio -- national 
brand portfolio in the country earlier in the United States as far as home textiles is concerned.  
While it had some advantages, but it didn't help us mitigate some of the B2B risks necessarily 
because the brand portfolio came along with its own challenges and issues. So we use, at least 
as far as Himatsingka is concerned, brand portfolios to optimally position ourselves as total 
solution providers and make sure that we are available to clients with a more holistic portfolio 
of solutions than without it. 
 
In the past, I've been asked by investors if brands help us enhance margin profiles. And my 
answer is that it's been largely neutral because if it does offer some upside on gross margin, 
there are also associated costs with it in the medium term, and it largely stands neutralized or 
at best, it could be 100-odd basis -- 100, 200 basis point movement.  
So we feel the brands will add more value when it comes to jurisdictions like India -- and 
when it comes to channels like e-comm and Qcom, these are really areas where we think 
brands will have material and substantial value vis-à-vis mitigating B2B risk. This is how we 
look at it. And on that front, we operate in the country with three brands, as I said, and we are 
expanding all three. And we are expanding our footprint in the e-comm and Qcom channels as 
well. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
This is helpful. And sir, in light of these on tariffs, what will be our exposure to U.S. today and 
non-U.S. geographies, including India? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. We've shared this earlier. It should be in the region of -- pure U.S. should be in the region 
of 60% going south. Over the last 2 fiscals, it has corrected substantially because of our Terry 
division ramping up in other jurisdictions as well and so on, plus our foray into India and 
things like that. So 60% and reducing. So my aim was that Himitsingka should be below 50% 
over the next 18 months was what we were aiming -- 18 to 24 months was what we were 
aiming for in a normalized scenario. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And sir, my last question will be on India ramp-up. You had mentioned about around INR150-
odd crores revenues that you had reached in FY '26. Could you also help us understand the 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
touch points, the penetration that you're targeting region-wise penetration that you are looking 
at, where are we? Some color on India business, that would be helpful. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So channel, we function across various formats and channels like other brands do. So we are 
present in the multi-brand outlet universe. We are present in the large-format store universe, 
which are the department stores and other similar store formats. We are present in the 
institutional universe, which includes all the hotels and restaurants and things of that nature, 
the institutional requirements.  
We are present in the private label channels where we service private label requirements of 
major retailers in the country. We are present in the e-comm channels. We are now present in 
the QCO channels. And we are exploring other formats through which we can also reach 
consumers across the country. Our footprint for our Himeya brand is in the region of 4,000 -- 
around 3,500 to 4,000 points of sale.  
And we intend to take our Liv brand to over 10,000, 12,000 points of sale at this point. Of 
course, these numbers keep sort of targets will change as we go along, but this is where we are 
aiming at as far as some of our brands are concerned.  
And please keep in mind that Himitsingka operates both in the bedding and bath segment as 
well as in the drapery and upholstery segments. And one of the plans that we are working on at 
this time is to broad base our drapery and upholstery segment offerings as well to cater to price 
points which are more affordable and broad-base that product portfolio as well. 
 
So we are working across bedding, bath, drapery and upholstery at this point and across all 
channels and price points, India is seeing reasonably strong growth. And I think in the times to 
come, it will continue to see robust growth. There's a fair amount of opportunity that can be 
tapped into as far as India is concerned. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, I understand that so much of effort has gone that our U.S. revenue share has actually 
declined from 80% plus to now around 60%. But then what is the challenge in increasing our 
capacity utilization and growth given that new geographies are being tapped and new 
customers are being added, India is growing. So where is the challenge line in increasing the 
utilization? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The challenge in Himatsingka specific case, and I can speak only for ourselves, a, is that we 
were also unfortunately in a position where we had to face revenue loss because of key 
customers that were not part of our portfolio anymore vis-à-vis BBB and things of that nature.  
And we also had to face revenue loss on account of brand recalibration because of the brand 
expenses and model being not as attractive as earlier, which I had openly shared with 
stakeholders, at least the way we saw it.  
So unfortunately, in our case, we had to battle a revenue loss, which we had to make up for. So 
that's what had caused some of the headwinds and revenues look stagnant. So in our specific 
case, we were also faced with that situation. And hence, it looks sluggish. -- as far as growth is 
concerned. 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And when do you see the inflection point coming in for growth given that -- I mean, if -- 
whenever tariffs normalize, when do we see an inflection point coming in for growth? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We had actually even as early as a few months ago when we had raised our equity through a 
QIP, we had shared openly with stakeholders and also on earnings calls on various occasions 
that Himatsingka's assets are in place. Our capex program stands concluded other than our 
annual organic requirements.  
And we believe that in a 2-year timeframe, we were looking at essentially sweating our 
capacities, and we felt that we should be able to optimize our utilization levels, take it to the 
high 90s and be in a position to deliver revenues of approximately INR4,000 crores and stay 
within our EBITDA band of 18% to 22%. So that was really our mantra. It still is our mantra 
and our focus.  
But unfortunately, for one reason or the other, we are seeing a pushback on the revenue front, 
which we are battling. So while we settle down with all the other things up until Q4 and now 
we have started having to face the pushback on account of tariffs. So these are the things that 
are causing disruptions and delays in our trajectory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Savai from Abakkus. 
Nirav Savai: 
My question is on the India part of the business. So what has been the top line for the quarter? 
And how much has it grown on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Nirav, can we take this offline because I have to give you some background and foreground. 
We are not sort of disclosing quarterly numbers on geography-wise quarterly numbers. So -- 
but I'll be happy to have a discussion with you and give you an overall picture of where we are 
headed with the domestic market and things that and answer those queries for you. 
Nirav Savai: 
Sure, sure, sure. And another thing was on the other expenses side. now. They have come 
down by 30% Y-o-Y. So is this number sustainable for the rest of the year? Or do we see any 
changes at least for the next 2, 3 quarters in FY '26? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We believe it should be range bound. It's reflective of some of the reduction in brand costs and 
things of that nature. So we believe, Nirav, that this -- I mean, this proportion should be range 
bound now unless there is an event of some kind as a result of these tariffs, which causes us to 
enhance certain expenditure. I mean I'm just putting it on the table. But unless it's an unusual 
and infrequent event of that nature, I don't see why this should materially change. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So thank you all for taking all the time today. I do hope we have answered most of your 
queries. Unfortunately, these are a little uncertain times, and we have to go through it. But 
please do reach out to us should you need any further clarifications and/or have any questions 
later on, and we'll be happy to answer it for you. Thank you, and have a good day. 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Himatsingka Seide Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
