 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2025-26/40 
 
 
July 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on financial results for quarter ended 
June 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 14, 2025. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2025.07.17 
10:35:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 14, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tata 
Technologies 1Q FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head of 
Investor Relations at Tata Technologies. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you, Rayo. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Tata 
Technologies’ Quarter 1 Fiscal 26 Results Call. Joining me today 
are Mr. Warren Harris, CEO and MD of Tata Technologies; Ms. 
Sukanya Sadasivan, COO; and Ms. Savitha Balachandran, our 
CFO. Our management team will start with an overview of the 
company's performance, followed by a Q&A session.  
As a reminder, we do not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance, and any statements made today regarding our 
future outlook should be reviewed in light of the risks that the 
company faces. These risks are outlined in the second slide of 
the quarterly fact sheet available on our website. Our press 
release and earnings presentation have been submitted to the 
stock exchanges and are also available on our website, 
www.tatatechnologies.com. We hope you've had a chance to 
review them. Let me now turn over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, Vijay, and a warm welcome to everyone joining 
today. 
Let me begin by addressing our Q1 FY26 performance, followed 
by our view on the business outlook, key strategic highlights, 
and recent customer engagements. Savitha will then take you 
through the detailed financials. 
Before I proceed, I want to express our deepest condolences 
in light of the tragic crash of Air India Flight AI 171 last month. 
This devastating event has touched all of us deeply. Air India is 
not only an important customer but also a trusted partner. We 
stand firmly with them and the broader aviation community 
during this difficult time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
Our Q1 performance came in below expectations, shaped by 
several 
external 
factors 
that 
introduced 
unexpected 
complexities into the business environment. Revenue 
declined 3.2% sequentially, and EBITDA margin contracted by 
210 basis points, primarily due to operating deleverage. 
However, we believe the factors that informed the softness in 
Q1—such as delayed deal ramp-ups and macro-driven 
investment pauses—are short-term in nature and largely 
isolated to the first three months of this fiscal year. 
Our Services business, which represents 77% of total revenue, 
declined -5.9% QoQ in INR terms, impacted by delays in ramp-
ups of large deals and elongated decision-making cycles. This 
was particularly pronounced among customers exposed to 
the North American market, who paused or recalibrated 
product investments in light of the newly imposed U.S. tariffs 
and broader geopolitical uncertainty. 
That said, we also saw strong performance in certain 
segments. Our Technology Solutions business grew 7.3% 
QoQ, driven by a recovery in the education vertical as 
previously delayed projects came online. Our Aerospace 
segment delivered a standout 13% sequential revenue 
increase, fueled by steady demand and consistent execution 
across MRO, PLM, Manufacturing Engineering, and Digital 
Transformation engagements. 
The quarter also saw a healthy uptick in deal activity 
towards the end, including the closure of six large deals—four 
exceeding $10 million and two in the $5–10 million range. While 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
the quarter started slowly, sentiment improved as clients 
began reaffirming their long-term commitment to innovation 
and transformation. 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about a sequential 
recovery in Q2 and a stronger second half of FY26. Our deal 
pipeline today is stronger than it was at the same time last 
year, and the early build-up of our order book gives us 
increased visibility and confidence in improved conversion 
rates. 
Importantly, our two anchor customers—Tata Motors and 
JLR—recently reaffirmed their commitment to new product 
investment during their interactions with the investor 
community. 
Their 
continued 
focus 
on 
innovation, 
electrification, and digital product development positions us 
to intersect with a strengthening demand environment, 
creating meaningful opportunities for deeper engagement 
and accelerated value delivery. 
Additionally, recent progress in global trade negotiations and 
bilateral agreements signals that macroeconomic headwinds 
may be transitory. We’re encouraged by more stable client 
engagement and the improved quality of demand across our 
core industries. 
Our performance in Aerospace underscores the resilience of 
our diversified portfolio, allowing us to navigate short-term 
volatility 
while 
capturing 
long-cycle 
transformation 
opportunities in critical sectors. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
Let me now touch upon a few important engagements and 
milestones from the quarter: 
• We’re partnering with an Asian airline on a transformative 
project to design and deploy an integrated aircraft docking 
system—spanning concept design, simulation, manufacturing, 
and installation. This initiative is critical for improving 
turnaround times and maintenance efficiency. 
• We have been selected by a leading European luxury OEM to 
support body engineering, powertrain systems, digital product 
development, and sustainability. We've also been nominated 
as their preferred strategic partner for the North Asia region — 
a significant expansion of our geographic footprint. 
• We have been engaged by a global commercial truck OEM as 
a preferred engineering partner in a multi-year program to 
consolidate services and unlock cross-brand synergies, with a 
dedicated 
Offshore 
Development 
Center 
focused 
on 
mechanical, electrical, and embedded systems. 
• Volvo Cars has recognized Tata Technologies as a Top 10 
strategic supplier, reinforcing our standing as a trusted 
engineering partner in their software-defined and sustainable 
mobility journey. 
We also forged new alliances with National Instruments and 
Emerson to co-develop next-gen validation, automation, and 
digital twin solutions—critical enablers in the AI-driven 
industrial transformation. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
Turning to BMW, our joint venture continues to serve as a 
performance benchmark. The program is ahead of schedule, 
and we expect to surpass the four-digit headcount mark well 
before year-end. Our share of profit from the JV grew 35% 
sequentially, 
underlining 
the 
demand 
for 
premium 
engineering services. Notably, we recorded a net benefit of 
Rs.13 crores from the JV in Q1. This accounted for 5.6% of our 
pre-tax profits. 
On the EV adoption question, we believe current moderation 
is a temporary pause, not a structural reset. Innovations like 
CATL’s next-gen battery—offering 520 km range with five-
minute charging—highlight the acceleration of EV viability. Our 
experience in EV design and development ensures we remain 
a strategic enabler in this shift. 
In Closing, while Q1 reflected near-term external challenges, 
the long-term trajectory remains strong. With a diversified 
portfolio, anchor relationships with Tata Motors and JLR, and a 
sharp focus on engineering a software-defined, intelligent 
industry, Tata Technologies is well positioned to deliver 
sustainable value and help our clients engineer a better world. 
With that, I’ll now invite Savitha to take you through the 
detailed financials. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Good morning, good evening, and a 
warm welcome to everyone joining us from across time zones. 
We appreciate you taking the time to be with us here today. 
 Building on the strategic and business overview that Warren 
just shared, I'll now share with you our financial performance 
for the first quarter of fiscal '26, highlighting the key metrics, 
trends and developments that shape the quarter. 
Revenue from operations stood at INR 1,244 crores, marking a 
sequential decline of 3.2%. On a constant currency basis, total 
revenues were down 4.6% during the quarter, reflecting the 
movement of the U.S. dollar during the period.  
Revenue from our Services segment, which accounted for 77% 
of the total revenue for the quarter, came in at INR 964 crores, 
down 7.6% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms 
and 5.9% decline in Indian rupee. As Warren mentioned earlier, 
while we see our deal pipeline reflect continued client interest 
and engagement, the quarter saw a slower-than-expected 
ramp-up in certain large engagements and conversion delays 
in key deals. This led to a shortfall in services revenue relative 
to our initial expectations. 
Notably, recent weeks have outlined some green shoots in 
sentiments, with customers beginning to look beyond short-
term policy concerns and reasserting their focus on long-term 
product road maps. This emerging shift was reflected towards 
the latter half of the quarter, where we closed six significant 
deals, highlighting strengthened customer engagement. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
The Technology Solutions segment, representing the balance 
23% of our revenues, saw a sequential increase of 7.3% this 
quarter, driven by a rebound in our education vertical and 
partly offset by seasonally soft performance in the products 
portfolio. Looking ahead, we expect momentum to improve in 
the second half, driven by a seasonal uplift in Products and 
progress on infrastructure business across select Education 
projects. 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter came in at 16.1%. The 
challenging macro conditions and policy-related pressure on 
sentiments 
during 
the 
quarter 
weighed 
on 
revenue 
expectations, resulting in margin compression.  
Let me walk you through the key factors that influenced the 
margin movement during the quarter.  
• The employee benefit expenses, which remained flat 
quarter-on-quarter in absolute terms, rose by 170 basis points 
as a percentage of total revenue as we built the right skill mix 
within our resource pool in anticipation of a rebound in the 
following quarters.  
This was partially offset through:  
• Outsourcing and consultancy expenses, which declined by 
13% sequentially, reflecting a deliberate alignment of our 
subcontracting activity to revenue during the period.  As a 
share of total revenue, these costs declined by 80 basis points 
sequentially, underscoring improved operational efficiency.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
• Also, other operating expenses fell 9% quarter-on-quarter 
with their share of revenues, down 60 basis points, reflecting 
continued discipline in discretionary spending.  
Meanwhile, our collaboration with BMW in India continues to 
outperform expectations. In Q1, our share of profit from the 
joint venture increased 35% sequentially to INR 4.8 crores. And 
as we've outlined in our previous communications, the other 
income includes a deferred income of INR 8.3 crores, reflecting 
the fair value gain on the options relating to our investment in 
the company. The combined net benefit stood at INR 13 crores 
accounting for 5.6% of our pretax profits. We expect the 
current momentum to remain strong, driven by sustained 
demand for premium engineering solutions across key 
verticals.  
As Warren highlighted earlier, the engagement is tracking 
ahead of plan, and we're now on course to exceed the four-
digit headcount threshold well before our original year-end 
expectations, underscoring both scale and velocity of 
execution. 
Other income saw an 11.4% sequential growth in the quarter to 
INR 64 crores, mainly driven by unrealized foreign currency 
gains of about INR 25 crores. We also had a net treasury 
income of INR 24 crores during the quarter.  
As a result, the profit before tax declined 10% sequentially to 
INR 233 crores. On a year-on-year basis, PBT was up 6% and 
our effective tax rate during the quarter came in flat at 26.8%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
As a result, profit after tax was down 9.8% quarter-on-quarter 
to INR 170 crores while on a year-on-year basis, it was up 5.1%. 
Preserving financial strength and ample liquidity remains 
central to our strategy. As of the end of the quarter, we 
continued to operate debt-free with net cash of $159 million, 
which was down from $175 million in the previous quarter, 
primarily reflecting the dividend of $55 million that we paid out 
towards the end of June.  
Our collection processes continue to remain resilient and well 
governed with the total DSO at 87 days at the end of the 
quarter, reflecting a marginal increase from the 81 days of 
March. Importantly, the underlying collection efficiency 
continues to hold firm, reinforcing the strength of our credit 
and receivables management. 
On the cash flow front, Q1 saw notable improvement in both 
working capital as well as the cash conversion metrics. Free 
cash flow for the quarter stood at INR 190 crores, supported 
by a net working capital release of INR 121 crores. We remain 
focused on sustaining strong collection efficiency as well as 
conversion discipline going forward. 
Moving on to operational metrics: 
Total headcount at the end of the quarter stood at 12,407, 
reflecting a net reduction of approximately 237 associates or 
2% compared to the previous quarter. The reduction was not 
fully backfilled during the quarter, in line with our calibrated 
hiring approach. That said, we continue to invest in strategic 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
talent acquisition across high priority areas, including digital 
engineering, embedded systems and AI-led transformation to 
support differentiated delivery and our long-term growth 
ambition. This focused hiring underscores our commitment to 
building a future-ready workforce while ensuring optimal 
resource alignment with evolving business needs.  
Our trailing 12-month attrition rate ticked up modestly this 
quarter, rising to 13.8% from 13.2% of the prior period, in line 
with industry trends. While attrition levels remain within 
manageable bonds, we continue to prioritize talent retention 
and capability building through structured development 
initiatives.  
Investment in skill enhancement and upskilling has been 
stepped up, especially in strategic domains, such as SDV, AI 
and cybersecurity. These efforts are designed to deepen 
technical bench strength, enhance employee engagement and 
future proof our talent pools in alignment with evolving 
customer needs. 
In conclusion, while Q1 reflected pockets of softness in top line 
performance, our operational execution remains disciplined 
and aligned with long-term strategy. We continued to invest in 
priority areas, maintained financial strength and drove 
efficiency across the value chain while navigating a dynamic 
demand environment. Our customer conversations remain 
constructive, and we see encouraging signs in key growth 
areas. As we advance through the year, our focus remains on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
strengthening customer relationships and executing with 
agility and delivering value to our stakeholders. Thank you. 
With that, let's open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from Ruchi Mukhija from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you for the opportunity. One of my first question is 
regarding the growth. We expect a sequential growth recovery 
in Q2. Is this on back of the 6 strategic deals that we have won, 
or do we see an uptick in business beyond these 6 deals as 
well? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, thanks for the question, Ruchi. We entered the fiscal year 
with a fair amount of momentum. There were deals that were 
closed in Q4 and certainly towards the end of the first quarter, 
we've added the 6 deals that we've just announced. So, it's 
really the order book that we're taking into Q2 and also the 
improved sentiment. 
I think the tariff concerns and the macroeconomic concerns 
that informed the softness at the beginning of the fiscal – they 
haven't fully dissipated, but we are seeing increased 
confidence that common sense will prevail, and the trade 
negotiations will provide an environment that will provide the 
sort of basis and confidence around which decisions can be 
made. So, our confidence in improvement in Q2 and the 
second half of the year is informed by the order book and also 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
the engagement and sentiment that we're picking up from 
customers. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Got it. Secondly, in our non-auto segment, the revenue 
declined almost at the same pace as in the auto segment on a 
sequential basis. Can you break up for us which segments are 
drag here? We understood aerospace is doing well. So, which 
are other sub-segments where we see a challenge. 
Warren Harris: 
Well, we saw aerospace pick up and demand continues to 
grow in aerospace. So, we're very bullish about the ongoing 
momentum that we've established there. We've seen a little bit 
of softness in industrial heavy machinery, but that's on 
account of one project that was short closed in the fourth 
quarter. We're not seeing the type of softness that's informing 
the slowdown that we've grappled within in automotive over 
the last 12 months. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Manik Taneja: from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. 
The first question was with regard to the expectation that we 
should start to see a recovery from Q2 onwards. Could you talk 
about how you see the demand within your anchor customers 
and outside of that? And if the sequential rebound essentially 
is largely led by anchors or the external customers? That's 
question one. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
The second question was with regards to our on-site offshore 
revenue mix. It appears that metric also got impacted with the 
pressure that we saw in terms of revenue, if that's the only 
reason for the change in terms of metrics? Or there is also a 
change in terms of the type of projects that you're winning, 
which is impacting this metrics? Those are the two questions. 
Warren Harris: 
Great questions. Certainly, we've been very encouraged by the 
sustained strong demand from the anchor customers, both 
Tata Motors and JLR. And as I commented in my opening 
remarks, we see that continuing to be very much a part of the 
demand environment that we look to intersect with. I think the 
confidence, however, in Q2 and the second half of the year, is 
much more informed by the overall sentiment in the 
automotive market. 
One of the things that we continue to be reminded of is that 
the automotive industry is a product-led industry. And I think 
that the uncertainty that has defined the space over the last 
12 months as the election cycles have played out in North 
America and as the EV incentives in Europe have runoff, there's 
been a lot of latent product investment decisions that have 
been building up. And I think that, that the sort of anticipation 
that we had at the beginning of the fiscal, that latent 
investment demand would convert into new products was 
somewhat undermined or compromised by the tariff 
announcement. But we've seen that largely play out in the first 
3 months and a lot of the decisions that we were anticipating 
are now starting to get made. And so, our confidence in Q2 and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
the rest of the year is really about broad market sentiment and 
not just about specifically what's going on at JLR and TML 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. That's make sense. I think the question was with regards 
to our on-site, offshore revenue mix then. 
Warren Harris: 
The onshore offshore, the change in mix is largely driven by 
what's happening in aerospace. Aerospace is for us an area of 
growth. It's been driven largely by what's going on in Airbus, but 
the reputation that we're building in Airbus and the associated 
opportunity that we're getting within their supply chain, 
particularly in and around the propulsion players, is giving us 
an opportunity that is beginning at first onshore. And then we 
are leveraging the relationships and the credibility that we're 
building to drive business offshore. So, it's part of the sort of 
life cycle of engagement that we're seeing with a number of 
our aerospace customers. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you, and all the best for the future. 
Warren Harris:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Darshil Jhaveri from Crown 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello? Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my 
question. Hope I am audible. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, you're very clear. Very clear. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Yes, yes. Sir, I just wanted to know like we've referred that our 
order book looks good, if you could quantify what's our current 
order book, that would be really helpful, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
Warren Harris: 
Well, we don't -- we haven't provided specific details in terms 
of order book. But as I said in my opening remarks, the order 
book at the end of the first quarter is better than the order 
book this time last year. So again, our confidence in the rest of 
the year is driven in part by those base points. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay. Fair enough, sir. So, if you could just maybe help with 
what kind of percentage growth is there in the order book that 
could just indicate like what kind of win that we had better sir 
if that's possible? 
Warren Harris: 
We've seen a material improvement, but we don't quantify the 
improvement in order book in specific terms or in percentage 
terms. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Fair enough, sir. I also just wanted to know any kind of new 
areas from other than our existing areas are we targeting to 
grow at or looking for it, sir? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. I think there's a number of areas that is informing not just 
the order book, but also the pipeline. I've referenced 
aerospace. Typically, our business in the past has been in the 
aero structures in the MRO space. We are now extending that 
into propulsion systems. And that's enabling us to build 
relationships, again, outside of the work that we've done in the 
last 3 years with Airbus. 
In both Automotive, Aerospace and Industrial heavy 
machinery, there's a lot of work that we are undertaking in and 
around smart manufacturing. And that relates one to the 
deployment of digital solutions, particularly PLM, ERP and MES 
solutions and the integration of the technology stack that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
informs and deploys the ability to be able to fully integrate the 
digital definition of the product with the manufacturing 
process and the way in which products are built. 
We're also seeing a lot of upticks in and around the 
deployment of AI solutions in manufacturing. In the fourth 
quarter, we announced a very large deal with a Tier 1 North 
American automotive company, where we are deploying our 
proprietary AI framework at CHROMOSOME.AI into that 
organization across 100 plants. 
We are deploying sensors, collecting data and using that 
platform 
to 
enable 
the 
organization 
to 
accelerate 
manufacturing throughput and an increase manufacturing 
uptime of assets, legacy assets within those plants. 
So, we're seeing a lot of opportunities in and around that space. 
And that's a reputation that we believe that we will be able to 
capitalize, not just in the short term but in the medium to long 
term. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay. That helps me a lot. I will join back the queue for further 
questions. Thank you so much, sir. 
Warren Harris:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sudheer from Kotak Mahindra 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer: 
Yes. Hi, Warren. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of 
questions. Firstly, for the last few quarters, at least, we have 
been quite optimistic about the demand recovery. And when 
the revenue growth number comes in, that doesn't seem to be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
happening. So where exactly is the slip between the lip and the 
cup? Is it primarily because of the macro across all these 
quarters, or because of the high client concentration? Or is 
there anything to worry about the execution on ground? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think it's a good question, Sudheer. But if you look at the 
situation at the end of the last fiscal year, we were very 
optimistic about a strong start to FY '26. And we had 
positioned capacity and capability to discharge that 
opportunity. Unfortunately, on April 2, the announcement was 
made about tariffs. 
And I think the uncertainty that it generated prompted a 
number of our customers. And a number of the projects that 
they were looking to launch to be paused and delayed. And so, 
whilst we entered the quarter with confidence and with high 
expectations, we've had to recalibrate the expectations for the 
3 months, at the start of the fiscal year, as a result of that 
macro issue. 
We continue to invest in capability as you've seen through the 
margins, we protected capacity primarily because we expect 
the situation to be short-term. And we are very confident 
about Q2 and continue to believe that the second half of the 
year will be better than the first. So, we see the challenges, the 
headwinds that we've faced as being tactical, short-term, and 
we expect to bounce back very soon. 
Sudheer: 
Sure, sir. My second question is, I think in the media interaction 
you mentioned, probably you will do double-digit growth in FY 
'26. Now with a very sharp decline in the first quarter itself. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
how do we think about the full year’s outlook in terms of 
revenue growth? That would be from me. Thank you so much. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think we certainly have had our expectations somewhat 
challenged by the events of the first 3 months. But double-
digit will continue to be on North Star. We'll see how we do in 
the second quarter. And I think we'll have a much more 
informed perspective as we move into September and 
October. 
 
So as of right now, we will continue to push the organization as 
hard as we can to achieve the type of growth that we had 
planned for at the beginning of the year. But I think the next 3 
months will really determine whether or not that's realistic. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Kunal from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal: 
A couple of questions from my side. The first one is on margins. 
As you think about the 200-basis points EBIT margin decline 
in the quarter, I just wanted to understand how much of it of 
this could be lost to operating leverage versus the on-site 
bump-up that you've seen? And is it fair enough for us to 
assume that what's been lost to operating leverage should be 
sort of recouped in the next 2 or 3 quarters? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Yes. Thanks for the question, Kunal. I would say that at 
this point in time; we would attribute a large proportion of the 
drop in margin through the operating leverage given that we've 
not really affected any kind of a structural shift as far as overall 
capacities are concerned. We did obviously have a shift as far 
as onshore related revenues are concerned. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
 
But from a capacity perspective, it didn't really change much 
between on-site and offshore capacities. Therefore, at this 
point in time, I think it's fair to assume that most of it is really 
more of an operating leverage effect. 
Kunal: 
I understand. And the second question is Warren, your 
comment around aerospace and the great progress you're 
making with Airbus as an account. So just to better understand 
that -- is this progress more in terms of the newer kind of work 
opportunities that are opening up within Airbus for the 
company? Or is this more to do with the fact that as you're 
working with one of the key companies here, you're starting to 
get to work with other companies in the ecosystem, let's say 
the airline itself? 
Warren Harris: 
I think the demand and the confidence that we have in 
aerospace is largely driven by the growing confidence that 
Airbus have in our execution and capabilities. I think we've 
been through a learning curve over the last 3 years. We've 
invested in infrastructure. We've built a nexus in Toulouse and 
Hamburg, and we've delivered services to Airbus in the 
Aerostructures area. 
 
We've deployed digital solutions that have been focused upon 
accelerating manufacturing throughput. We've engaged in 
delivering robotic solutions as far as the assembly process is 
concerned. And I think the big confidence and the capabilities 
that we've deployed have afforded us more and more 
opportunities in new domains inside of Airbus. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
 
Airbus have also been struggling as Boeing has in terms of 
building enough aircraft. The demand continues to grow. And 
they are not just challenged in terms of their own capabilities, 
but they are challenged in terms of the capabilities of their 
supply chain. 
 
So, we've been leveraging the endorsement of Airbus and the 
recommendations that they've been providing to their 
suppliers to initiate opportunities with their key suppliers and 
these are large organizations. These are the engine 
manufacturers and the aircraft seat manufacturers. And so, our 
confidence and the momentum that we're building is largely 
driven by that. 
 
Obviously, the investment that the Tata Group is continuing to 
make, is providing tailwinds that we're also intersecting with 
but I think the major driver of demand and opportunity, order 
book and pipeline is really the great work that we've done with 
Airbus over the last 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Abhishek Kumar: Good to hear you're still being optimistic given the dynamic 
environment. My question was on the deal pipeline or the 
environment around deals. Last quarter, we spoke about 
potentially some of the German OEMs looking at more 
offshoring. Have you seen any progress on that front? Do you 
think they are still looking at higher offshoring or given the 
uncertainty, there has been a pause around large deal 
decision-making as well? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, we've certainly seen continued traction from the German 
OEMs. I think all three of the big OEMs in Germany are now 
requiring BCC components to their sourcing of engineering 
services. 
That's 
not 
only 
providing 
opportunities 
for 
organizations 
like 
ourselves, 
but 
it's 
also 
providing 
opportunities for organizations like ourselves to partner with 
their incumbent engineering service providers onshore. 
 
And so, we're seeing a number of deals and a number of 
partnership opportunities progress over the last 3 months. So 
that push of Germany into not just India but also places like 
Eastern Europe and Morocco is continuing at pace. 
Abhishek Kumar: Okay. The second question is on OEMs versus Tier 1. One of 
your peers recently said that the pain is higher in Tier 1. How 
do you see that? Do you think for us also Tier 1 decline is 
higher? And if we can get some idea of what would be our 
share of OEM versus Tier 1 in the auto vertical? Thank you so 
much. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think that's a great question. And I would certainly 
endorse the fact that the supply chain is feeling the pain 
somewhat more acutely than the OEMs. But somewhat 
counterintuitively, that is providing opportunity. I referenced 
the work that we're doing with one of the North American Tier 
1 automotive suppliers in and around smart manufacturing. 
 
When a supplier looks at the unit economics of their business, 
one of the levers that they look to apply is optimization of the 
manufacturing process because that's where the majority of 
their value outside of ER&D is delivered. And so, we are seeing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
a significant amount of opportunity in terms of deploying 
technology and taking legacy assets and interjecting 
capability that will drive optimization and productivity 
improvement.  
And the reputation that we've established at places like JLR 
and Tata Motors, places that we can take our customers to 
gives us real credibility in that particular space. The fact that 
we really not only understand the technology but understand 
the domain challenges and can go toe-to-toe with the 
manufacturing engineers and demonstrate how capabilities 
like AI can make a difference.  
I think that represents not only significant opportunity in the 
short term, but certainly something that we expect to build 
upon in the future. 
Abhishek Kumar: Sure. I mean, can we get some sense of what our exposure 
would be to Tier 1? 
Warren Harris: 
I don't have a specific number for you, but that's something 
that we can get back to you through Vijay and his team. So let 
me come back to you with those numbers. 
Abhishek Kumar: Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shradha Agrawal from 
AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: So, in terms of German OEs, we did indicate that they are 
looking at the higher outsourcing to India or Eastern Europe 
countries. So how are we looking at demand trends from U.S. 
auto OEs? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
Warren Harris: 
The demand trends with the North American OEMs have been 
strongly impacted by the tariff decisions. And not just the tariff 
decisions, but also the bill that's just gone through Congress 
that has taken away some of the components of the Inflation 
Reduction Act that has positioned investments for EVs. 
And so, what we've seen with Stellantis with Ford and to a 
lesser extent, with GM is those organizations revisit their 
product plan from a propulsion systems perspective and also 
from a manufacturing perspective. And that's prompted 
somewhat of a pause in the last 3 months. We are starting to 
see some clarity come through from those three companies 
and we expect that clarity to precipitate into product 
decisions in the next couple of months. 
Shradha Agrawal: Right. And in terms of our clients, is there any visibility or any 
improvement in the outlook that we see from our anchors? 
Warren Harris: 
As I said before, the demand from our anchors has been 
strong. I think their financial performance has been very strong. 
And we do not see in the short term any change to that. So, 
we're very excited about the work that we're doing and the 
opportunities that we currently have visibility of? 
Shradha Agrawal: Sure. Thanks Warren.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Ankur Pant from IIFL. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Pant: 
A couple of questions from my side. First one is, is the recovery 
that you're speaking of, is that also coming from an 
improvement in the challenges that the OEMs have been 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
grappling with over the last year? Has the situation there 
improved or is it more of a latent demand or delayed ramp-
ups which are finally starting to come through, which may also 
make the demand more volatile from here? How do you see 
that? 
Warren Harris: 
I think it's a bit of both. I think if we look at the last 12 months, 
you look at the policy positions of the Republicans and the 
Democrats that we're competing for the White House last year, 
there were stark differences in the approach to alternative 
propulsion systems and particularly EV.  
So that prompted a delay in decision-making among our 
customers. And that impact was not only felt in North America, 
but it was also felt with those OEMs that have a great exposure 
to the North American market. I think the clarity that we saw in 
November certainly precipitated in much better engagement 
that we had with our customers in January, February and 
March.  
That's what informed confidence going into the fiscal year. But 
that confidence was somewhat undermined by the tariff 
decisions or the tariff announcement on April 2nd. Now we 
have seen some of that play out. I think the agreement 
between the U.K. and the U.S. is hopefully an indicator of what's 
likely to happen with other countries.  
And I think that there is an increasing view that common sense 
will prevail. And as a result, we are starting to see the decisions 
that we expected at the beginning of the fiscal year come 
through. So, I think that there was a delay and a buildup of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
demand for new product investment that was driven by the 
sort of geopolitical things that played out last year.  
I think the tariffs have compounded that, but we are confident 
that we're through most of the distraction that represents, and 
our customers are now starting to make decisions. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thanks. That's helpful. But just prior to the tariff situation, the 
European OEMs were undergoing significant stress in terms of 
profitability competition. Has that situation improved or is that 
pretty much the same? 
Warren Harris: 
I think that the industry is going through the typical cycles 
from a demand perspective that defines the automotive 
industry. It's been somewhat compounded by the rapid shift 
to EVs in China that has been largely taken up by new energy 
vehicle companies in China. So, our customers in terms of their 
financial performance will, I think, continue to face some 
headwinds in the next 12 to 18 months.  
But I think one thing that we all have to remember is that the 
automotive industry is a product-driven industry. And the one 
thing that is typically protected is the investment in new 
products. And I think the investment has not been there in the 
way in which we expected over the last 12 months because of 
the things that I've cited before. And that, I think, reinforces the 
priority that most of our customers are having to position in 
deploying the investments that are long overdue. 
Ankur Pant: 
And secondly, on margins. Now we've seen a sharp decline in 
margin this quarter. How do we see the margin trajectory from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
here on? And any decision in wage hikes, when they would be 
alright? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
So, I think outlined the earlier part of the call today, the 
impact on the fixed costs that we have run that within 
customers has largely explains the drop as far as margins are 
concerned. That being said, from our perspective, I think we 
continue to maintain that our goal post is to move towards the 
20% margin band as we scale up our operations. 
 
That being said, we will continue to, of course, start looking at 
optimizing costs, all delivery and efficient levers that we have 
at our disposal, be it improving offshoring sequentially, looking 
at rationalization of our people pyramid. 
 
And of course, going ahead, we will also continue to see 
improvements gradually as we see a lot of productivity 
improvements come through the use of AI and other tools but 
these, of course, will, as I said, reflect more gradually over a 
period of time. 
 
And to the point that Warren made earlier in the call, as we see 
Q2 play out, we'll be in a much better position to assess what 
the rest of the year is going to look like while our ambition will 
continue to try and see how we can at least ensure margin 
preservation for the year as we exit Q4. I think we'll be in a 
better position to assess the situation. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thanks, Savitha. Just on some wage hikes, have you made any 
plans? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
Savitha Balachandran: 
We haven't discussed on the wage hike yet, so that is 
something that the management will discuss internally and 
take appropriate discussions with the organization. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: My first question is just around the sequential recovery 
we expect through the rest of the year. So does that assume 
that the current stand-off on tariffs get resolved at some point 
in the next couple of months. I just want to understand what 
needs to happen for more visible sequential recovery in the 
back half. 
Warren Harris: 
I think our confidence in Q2 is really not informed by any 
expectation in terms of the trade negotiations that are going 
on between various countries. It's largely informed by the order 
book and the qualified pipeline that we're taking into the 
period. I think the trade negotiations will likely inform the 
environment in which we operate in the second half of the 
year. 
 
So, there will be an influence clearly that the trade negotiations 
between Europe and the US specifically will have on the 
environment. But I think certainly, Q2, our confidence is driven 
by deals that we've closed and sentiment from our customers 
is really giving us a level of confidence that they are seeing 
past the tariff announcements that were made at the 
beginning of the fiscal year. 
 
And that latent need to invest in products is starting to get 
prioritized and will give us the deals that will ultimately 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
continue to allow us to drive momentum and growth 
throughout the subsequent quarters of this fiscal year. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: All right. That's helpful. And just related to that, you did 
mention that you have seen a pickup in the order book at the 
end of Q1 versus last year at the same time. So just trying to 
understand, we did have these disruptive announcements on 
tariff towards the end of March. 
 
So, through the quarter, have you seen things pick up since 
then? Just trying to understand Q4 this year versus Q4 last 
year, how the order book looked? Just trying to sort of 
understand what's happened to the quarter and then help your 
order book Q1 end of quarter versus Q1 end of quarter last 
year? 
Warren Harris: 
I think if we look at the quarter in terms of deal signings, April 
was a month that was very muted in terms of deal signings. 
The announcement on tariffs was made on the 2nd of April, and 
that prompted many of our customers to pause and to delay 
decision- making. I think the review that the customer base 
undertook in April, played out into the sort of early part of May. 
 
And since then, we've seen decisions being made and the 
improvement that we've seen in the order book is largely 
through deals that we've signed in the latter part of the quarter. 
So, the momentum is built as confidence has built and as our 
customers have become, from a scenario perspective, 
somewhat confident that they can work through the 
uncertainty that is out there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah:  Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just around 
the other income run rate. So, we have seen a pickup in income 
quarter-on-quarter. I think in previous quarters, you have 
broken that bridge in terms of what fair value investment gains 
are, what the hedging costs could have been and what the 
treasury gains have been. 
 
So, INR 57 crores of other income last quarter versus INR 64 
crores of other income this quarter. I just want to understand 
what part of that is sustainable to expect going forward and if 
there is a bridge that you were able to provide as well? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Most of the incremental effects that you see quarter-
on-quarter sequentially, as I had outlined in my opening 
comments, reflect actually the unrealized foreign exchange 
movement on some of the assets that we have on our balance 
sheet. The treasury income out of the total income is about INR 
24 crores, both interest as well as what we've realized through 
sale of some of our mutual fund investments. 
 
And as we build up cash balances, I would like to believe that 
some of that would reflect, of course, the yield curve as we see 
in the world -- across the world, but you should have some 
part of it that is sustainable. And we also continue to have the 
INR 8 crores plus effect from the BMW JV investment that we 
had outlined in the past. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And just the last question is around 
Technology Solutions. So, this has been a lumpy business on a 
quarterly basis in the past. But usually, I think this business 
picks up towards sort of the end of the year, the second half 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
of the year, first quarter is usually sequentially slow. I just want 
to understand what the positive lumpiness has been and how 
you're looking at Technology Solutions growth through FY '26 
this quarter and for the full year? 
Warren Harris: 
Technology Solutions is made up of education and products. 
We have sustained and until the third and fourth quarter last 
year, over the course of the last kind of 2 years, sustainable 
improvement in education. And that's a business that we're 
working hard to ensure that we manage out the lumpiness. 
 
We had some infrastructure challenges in Q4 specifically that 
-- related to the readiness of the labs that we will deploy our 
solutions to and that's largely been resolved, and you've seen 
that in the improved performance of education in the first 
quarter. 
 
Products, however, is a seasonal business. Most of our 
customers in that area discharge budgets at the end of the 
calendar year, particularly in North America, and the large 
maintenance contracts are typically renewed at the beginning 
of the new calendar year. And so Q3 and Q4 are the big 
quarters for the products business. And so, there is some 
lumpiness and some seasonality that we have to factor into 
our plans because of that. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And just lastly, around head count. 
I just want to understand, as you see sequential improvement 
to the -- where we are at presently in terms of utilization rates? 
And when would we potentially trigger a pickup in headcount, 
if that's the plan for the rest of the year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
Warren Harris: 
I think we'll continue to monitor the demand environment. I 
think that there is a capacity that we have that we can look to 
put to work to satisfy the growth that we are expecting in the 
second quarter. And then I think we'll recalibrate our 
headcount plans at the end of August, beginning of September 
as they pertain to the second half of the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rajiv Berlia from Citi. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Just one clarification. You mentioned that 1Q got impacted due 
to delayed ramp-up and elongated decision making. Did you 
see any deal cancellation in 1Q and also, how did the pricing 
play out in 1Q? Did you see any pressure in terms of pricing? 
Warren Harris: 
We've not seen any significant deals getting cancelled. There 
was a deal in the IHM space in the fourth quarter that got short 
closed. That was a project that we were engaged with and 
because of macroeconomic uncertainty, the customer 
decided not to progress with that particular project. But that's 
the only project that we've seen being closed. 
 
Most of the issues associated with the softness in Q1 were 
related to delays of decision-making and not cancellation of 
programs. And that's one of the reasons that we, again, are 
confident about the rest of the year because that need is still 
very much there. 
 
On pricing, the current environment is prompting most of our 
customers to challenge us on pricing. But I think so far, we've 
resisted that challenge quite well and that's something that 
we'll continue to work hard to do. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia 
for closing comments. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you all for joining us on today's call. We hope we've 
addressed most of your questions. If you have any other 
queries, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations 
team, and we'll be happy to assist you. Wishing you all the best 
and goodbye from all of us here. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Tata Technologies, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and 
gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
