 
 
August 21, 2025 
 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400051 
NSE Symbol: RISHABH 
To,
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543977 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript for Q1 – FY 2025-26. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the copy of transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on August 14, 2025 in 
respect of Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
For Rishabh Instruments Limited 
 
 
 
Ajinkya Joglekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A57272 
 
 
AJINKYA 
JOGLEKAR
Digitally signed by 
AJINKYA JOGLEKAR 
Date: 2025.08.21 
16:59:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Rishabh Instruments Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th August 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARENDRA GOLIYA – PROMOTER AND 
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – RISHABH INSTRUMENTS 
LIMITED 
MR. DINESH MUSALEKAR – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RISHABH 
INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– RISHABH INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
MR. NISHANT DUDHORIA – ADDITIONAL GENERAL 
MANAGER STRATEGY – FINANCE AND PUBLIC 
RELATIONS – RISHABH INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rishabh Instruments Limited Q1FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Narendra Goliya, Promoter and Executive Chairman, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you, Shruti. I'm Narendra Goliya and good evening to all of you for joining us on this 
first quarter of the financial year '26 earnings conference call. I am pleased to inform you that 
along with me is Mr. Dinesh Musalekar, Whole-Time Director and CEO of the company; Vishal 
Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer. Then we have Nishant Dudhoria as the Additional General 
Manager Strategy, Finance and Public Relations and we have representatives from SGA, our 
Investor Relations advisors. 
 
The financial results and investor presentation has been uploaded to the stock exchanges and the 
company's website. We trust you have had an opportunity to review these documents. I am 
pleased to report a strong quarter with consolidated revenue growing by 12.4% on a year-on-
year basis and profitability surging more than six fold to INR 196 million.  
This performance underscores the resilience of our business model, the operational discipline 
we have implemented and our strategic commitment to long-term sustainability. We are seeing 
encouraging momentum in renewable energy adoption and automation products across many 
regions, and we anticipate significant demand for both new and existing markets.  
Our operational scale, innovation focus and market strategy give us confidence that Rishabh  
will continue to be a major growth engine for the group. India remains a key growth driver raised 
by supportive domestic policy and strong demand. On the international front, our export 
operations are well positioned to capitalize on rapidly expanding renewable energy markets in 
developed as well as emerging economies.  
A standout achievement this quarter comes with the successful turnaround of Lumel Alucast. 
This business has faced several challenging quarters, but through focused execution, disciplined 
leadership and decisive strategic measures, including targeted pricing adjustments with OEMs, 
the exit from low-margin orders and a strong emphasis on high-margin non-automotive 
segments, we returned it to a growth trajectory with double-digit profitability.  
I'd like to particularly acknowledge the exceptional leadership of our Poland team led by Dinesh 
in driving this transformation. Despite global macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges, such 
as shifting trade dynamics, economic slowdown and evolving government priorities, we have 
seen minimal direct impact from tariff-related concerns.  

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Our strategic priorities remain clear: diversify our product portfolio, continue investing in R&D, 
focus on higher-margin businesses, strengthen our global export capabilities, leverage emerging 
trends such as defense adjacent solutions and renewable energy infrastructure. I'm pleased to 
announce our operations structure business divisions have now been streamlined into two clearly 
defined segments to enhance focus and transparency for investors.  
First one is the electrical and electronic instruments encompassing products from the earlier 
business segments, Electrical Automation, Metering, Control & Protection Devices, Portable 
Test & Measuring Instruments, Solar String Inverters and Others. The second is High-Precision 
Die Casting, delivering precision engineered solutions across diversified industries.  
This reorganization will sharpen segment level strategies, accelerate innovation and better align 
us to capture emerging market opportunities. Our leadership team remains agile and resilient 
across geographies, which, together with our disciplined execution, positions us well to navigate 
ongoing challenges while investing in future growth.  
We remain highly confident in Rishabh's forward trajectory. With clearly defined internal 
strategies, a robust R&D pipeline and our capacity expansion in India soon to double their 
production, we are well positioned for sustained and profitable growth ahead. With this, I will 
now hand over to Dinesh Musalekar for his detailed comments and analysis of the results. Thank 
you. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. First of all, we are pleased to report a robust 
start to quarter 1 of financial year with consolidated revenues growing by 12.4% year-on-year 
to INR1,903 million and consolidated Adjusted EBITDA margin expanding sharply by 950 basis 
points to 15.9% this quarter. These results reflect the disciplined execution, operational agility 
and resilience characteristics of our business model. 
 
At Rishabh India, standalone revenues increased by an impressive 17.3% year-on-year in this 
quarter, sustained by a strong market demand, both domestically and internationally. Stand-
alone EBITDA margins reached a staggering 24.5%, underscoring the value of our enhanced 
product mix, operational efficiencies and benefit from operating leverages.  
Our performance this quarter was fuelled by multiple growth drivers, rising export demand and 
robust domestic order inflow created a balanced and sustainable growth platform. Export 
business was a key contributor to standalone revenue growth, while margin expansion was 
supported by strategic focus on high-value offerings and rigorous cost optimization. 
 
Further, the successful turnaround of our High-Pressure Aluminium Die Casting business at 
Lumel Alucast, which gained profitability through targeted initiatives, it achieved a remarkable 
turnaround, posting 10.3% revenue growth and returning to double-digit EBITDA margin of 
10.2% compared to losses in the prior four to five quarters, an outstanding improvement of 1,600 
basis points in EBITDA margin compared to quarter 1 of financial year 2025.  
This recovery was driven by cost and process efficiencies, strategic legacy contract cleanups and 
renegotiations, rigorous cost optimization initiatives that have enhanced operational efficiency 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
and focused portfolio rebalancing. Our strategy now focuses forward to the higher-margin non-
automotive opportunities in the region.  
While regional demand remains subdued, our strengthened foundations position has a sustained 
earnings momentum. As we navigate through the rest of the financial year, we may further 
reduce our EV automotive business share and add some more profitable businesses from other 
sectors. This may also result in some ups and downs to our top line in the short period of time. 
What I mean is in next quarters, third or fourth. 
 
As our fundamentals are strong, we are confident that Lumel Alucast business will be sustainable 
and profitable business like it was for over a decade before we encountered this EV automotive 
challenges. So in the long run, in the years to come, it's going to be a sustainable and profitable 
business. 
 
Revenues at Lumel SA declined by 6.1% compared to year-on-year last year first quarter. This 
is influenced by external pressures such as shifts in government spending towards defense 
because of all the geopolitical things which are going on. The European Unions have started 
allocating more funds for the defense. Despite these near-term pressures, Europe's track record 
for rebounding in industrial innovation and clean energy gives us confidence in eventual 
recovery. 
 
In this quarter, we commissioned a new surface mount technology line to enhance capacity for 
advanced electronics and secured a significant EUR 5 million multiyear contract with a leading 
German energy sector firm. This contract running through 2026 marks a major step in our 
European strategy and underscores our credibility as a high-value trusted partner in industrial 
automation.  
This agreement based on a tailored engineering solution represents a strategic milestone in our 
European expansion, signalling trust in our technological proficiency and supporting future 
growth momentum. We have already started the deliveries under this contract since last month, 
and this should also offset the general drop in sales due to macroeconomics in the European 
market and help us to further grow our business from the last year's sales numbers.  
So Lumel SA, even if you see 6.1% drop, we are pretty confident because we have a strong order 
book to cover this in the subsequent quarters to come. Further, Rishabh India continues to deliver 
stellar results. Standalone revenues grew by 17.3% year-on-year to INR 618 million, supported 
by improved product mix, strong export flows and stable domestic order pipeline. EBITDA 
margin stood at 24.5% and PAT surged by 139% year-on-year to INR 99 million, highlighting 
effective operational leverage and the cost control. 
 
Our recent capacity enhancement include a new SMT line in India, which is already attracting 
interest from major players. These SMT lines are advanced to produce the motherboards of 
laptops, which is supposed to be one of the apex of SMT manufacturing, and we have already 
carried out pilot batch productions and are in discussion with a few major players to continue 
this business. The early responses have been very, very promising. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Further, our R&D team has brought forward innovative solutions, most notably launching Solar 
UNO, a new milestone product in the solar segment that underscores our leadership in clean 
energy technology. The faster pace of EBITDA growth relative to revenue highlights the benefits 
of our operational leverage and efficiency drive.  
Moreover, our capacity expansion in India is progressing rapidly with 2, 5 and 7-story buildings 
under construction at MIDC and Trishala sites in Nashik with expected date of completion of 
March 2026, poised to double our production capacity upon completion. Furthermore, apart 
from the above developments, I would like to inform that Mr. Goliya mentioned earlier, we have 
classified our business operations into two clearly defined segments to sharpen our strategic 
focus and enhance transparency.  
We have restructured our business reporting into two clear segments. First one is electrical, 
electronics Instrumentation. We call it an EEI and the second one is High-Pressure Aluminium 
Die Casting or HPDC. In Q1FY26, the EEI segment posted 13.8% year-on-year revenue growth 
with the EBITDA margin near 20%. So this is a strong part of our business and really looking 
very, very promising, reflecting operational strength and market alignment.  
Looking ahead, we believe EEI holds significant growth potential, supported by a strong 
innovative pipeline, increasing global adoption of automation and renewable technologies and 
expanding export opportunities. We expect this segment to remain a key growth engine for the 
group. Our streamlined business model, capacity expansion and focus on innovation uniquely 
position us to capture growth opportunities in the new geographies as well. 
 
This quarter reflects strong execution, strategic wins and positive momentum across our entire 
group from the turnaround of Lumel Alucast and the strong performance of Rishabh in India 
and the launch of Solar UNO and also the landmark contract in Europe. We are delivering on 
our strategic objectives while building for the future. We remain committed to advancing our 
product portfolio and innovation agenda with the ambition that new products will contribute 
50% of the electronics segment turnover within the next 5 years.  
I extend my heartfelt thanks to our teams and their dedication and to our customers and 
stakeholders for their trust. With this solid start for the financial year '26, we are confident in 
delivering sustainable profitable growth in the periods ahead. With this, I would like to hand 
over to Mr. Vishal Kulkarni, our CFO, to delve into financial performance of the group. Thank 
you. 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Thank you, sir, for the detailed overview. Good evening, all. Let me just give a brief snapshot 
on the financial performances. The standalone performance for the quarter 1 of financial year 
'26. Stand-alone revenue for the quarter 1 of financial year '26 stood at INR 618 million 
compared to INR 527 million in the same period last year, which has registered a year-on-year 
growth of 17.3%. 
 
The adjusted EBITDA for quarter 1 of FY '26 stood at INR 152 million, reflecting a year-on-
year growth of 100.4% Here, I want to mention that the adjusted EBITDA includes ESOP 
expense of INR 9 million for quarter 1 of financial year '26 and INR 15 million for quarter 1 of 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
financial year '25. The adjusted EBITDA margins were at 24.5% compared to 14.4% in the 
quarter 1 of last year.  
The reported EBITDA margins were 23.1% for quarter 1 of financial year '26. The PAT for 
quarter 1 of financial year '26 stood at INR 99 million, marking a year-on-year growth of 
166.3%. On a consolidated basis, our revenue for quarter 1 FY '26 stood at INR 1,903 million, 
reflecting a year-on-year growth of 12.4%.  
The adjusted EBITDA for quarter 1 of financial year '26 was INR 303 million compared to INR 
109 million in quarter 1 of last year. The growth is 179.1% year-on-year. Here also, I want to 
mention that this adjusted EBITDA for quarter 1 FY '26 includes ESOP expense of INR 19 
million and INR 33 million for quarter 1 of financial year '25.  
The adjusted EBITDA margins were at 15.9% compared to 6.4% in the quarter 1 of financial 
year '25. The reported EBITDA margins were 15% for quarter 1 of FY '26 and 4.5% for quarter 
1 of FY '25. The PAT for this quarter stood at INR 196 million, representing a year-on-year 
growth of 510% with PAT margins improving by 841 basis points to 10%. 
 
Starting with the company-wise key financial highlights. The revenue stood at INR 460 million 
for Lumel SA, which is down by 6% year-on-year basis. For Lumel SA, the EBITDA was at 
INR 56 million for this quarter. EBITDA margins were at 12.1% for the quarter and the PAT 
stood at INR 27 million.  
For Lumel Alucast, revenue stood at INR 754 million, 10% growth on a year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA was INR 77 million compared to a loss of INR 46 million last year same quarter. The 
margins at 10.2%. PAT for the quarter was INR 44 million compared to loss of INR 40 million 
last year same quarter. On a consolidated level, we remain net debt-free with a strong balance 
sheet. The net cash and cash equivalents as on 30th June 2025 stands at INR 864 million. With 
this, I shall now leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Prateek from Subh Labh Research. 
Prateek: 
Yes. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. In fact, I would like to highlight the Die Casting 
business performance. Kudos to Mr. Musalekar and the team for that. Mr. Musalekar, I just want 
to understand how sustainable Die Casting performance is for the rest of FY '26? And since you 
have already explained the steps taken to make this profitable, I just wanted to understand how 
does Q2, Q3, Q4 look for the business, for the Die Casting business? That's the first question. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, Prateek, I was, in fact, expecting these questions because we asked these questions to 
ourselves also. So this is a very apt question. So I tried to cover that in my speech also. In a very 
short term, I would say we are still not out of the whole rough period we are going through. But 
in a basis of 1 year's time, we are through with that. So I'll try to elaborate more on that. 
 
So  what really pulled us down was the automotive business and that too the projects where EV 
cars were involved in European market. So EV cars in European market is a big disaster, not so 
much the other cars. So that's what we decided to pull out of, and we went with all these 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
renegotiations, contracts, etcetera. So most of it is completed and done, but we are also in the 
phaseout period where all these contracts are going out.  
We still are supplying and they are going out. So as they fade out, but we are supplying with a 
negotiated prices, which are profitable for us. So this business is going to drop. Eventually, we 
will go out of the funnel by end of this year. So during this period, we are also trying to add 
more business, so which we are trying to do and we have got some successes with that with 
some of the electrical division, non-automotive customers we have added.  
We have gone back to our traditional customers like ABB, Endress+Hauser, we have received 
some new orders from them or increase in supply. So we are doing that part of it. Then we are 
also trying to get some automotive business, which is not connected with EV, from other new -
- total new customers.  
So this is all a lot of activities are happening, and they will fall in place eventually because there 
are very few manufacturing setup with strong fundamentals like us in Europe. So there is a 
demand and there is a resource available. And we know that we are very competitive in European 
scenario. So those customers who want to have things made in Europe will come to us, and this 
is work in progress. 
 
Now how fast this new business will get added and how slowly this old business  which is kind 
of profitable for a period after price correction will go out. So this is something which is 
happening. Both of them are happening. So  that's why when I chose those words also very 
carefully.  
So we can have some ups and downs in the top line. But as the fundamentals are very strong, 
and  it's just a matter of time, whether this becomes kind of a really sustainable for goods from 
quarter 3, quarter 2, quarter 4 is something which we are always exploring. This is where it 
stands. I've been trying to be very honest and transparent with this. So this is where we are. 
 
But if you ask me 2 years, within 2 years, is it going to be sustainable, profitable? Answer is 
clear, yes. So 1 quarter, next quarter, is that going to be 10.2% EBITDA again or it's going to be 
6% or it's going to be 0?  it's a bit hard for this point of time to answer. But we are in a good 
direction, and we are doing that. So this is where it stands now. 
Prateek: 
Very much appreciated, Mr. Musalekar. Just two tiny follow-ups on this. So at this point of time, 
what's the mix of auto and non-auto for the Die Casting business? And with the new contracts 
with the new customers or even the renegotiated contracts, what's the peak EBITDA margin 
even after four, five quarters you anticipate in this business? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Okay. So I mean, historically, we have had EBITDA from 15% to 19% in High-Pressure 
Aluminium Die Casting business with 50% automotive, 50% non-automotive. Our target mix is 
going to be 75% non-automotive and 25% automotive. This is our target, but it is not entirely in 
our control. That's the benchmark which we are trying to have. 
 
So once we achieve that, what we are looking at is about anywhere between 12% to 16% range 
of EBITDA, which is what we are trying to target. Because when we talk about the EBITDA of 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
16% to 19%, the cost of labor was less, the energy costs were less. So that has changed in the 
last 2, 3 years. So I do not want to project numbers like 19%, which we used to have in the past, 
but anywhere between 10% to 15% is sustainable, achievable EBITDA on this business going 
forward. 
Prateek: 
Very helpful, Mr. Musalekar. Mr. Musalekar, my second question is regarding the slowdown in 
European electronics business. So I heard you that probably this is because of the shifted focus 
of government  to defense manufacturing. And my understanding is these kind of manufacturing 
are very long gestation manufacturing. So is it fair to assume that the focus of the government 
is not going to go back to electronics and electricals? So this slowdown may continue for the 
coming quarters as well. Is that a fair understanding? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
No, no, no, I wouldn't say that because, of course, there are 2 parts to this. One, I will address it 
in a way. See,  the European Union also works with some plans. So they had allocated, say, 
EUR20 billion for investment into upgrading the distribution network and those kind of projects. 
This is government spending.  
So that trickles down to everywhere. So those kind of spendings, they are from, say, EUR 20 
billion, they will make it INR 10 billion and INR 10 billion, they will put on defense. So this is 
kind of a thing which is happening. So that will reduce the number of projects. But the market 
is so big, so it makes not so much of difference to us.  
Now we won this EUR 5 million business, and we started delivering that. So we have some drop, 
and this is going to compensate that drop, and we may have some percentage of growth also. So 
with the same customer or similar customer, we are also trying to have some inorganic growth 
from new sectors, new customers, and this will support us.  
So  we have done that in the past also. Even during COVID time, we had profits and we didn't 
suffer so much because it's all about what is the market share you will get. So if you have the 
same customer base and you are dependent only on the organic growth, then these things matter. 
So you are depending more focusing on adding new products, getting new revenue streams, 
adding new customers or doing new projects for our customers. 
 
So these things will offset. So the market is so huge. So Lumel SA, I'm not even one bit worried 
about anything like Lumel Alucast. We are very confident. It's a profitable business. We'll 
continue to deliver. In fact, you'll see that  Q2 will be much, much different from Q1 for sure. 
Prateek: 
Very comforting, Mr. Musalekar. Am I allowed to just last one question, sir, if you allow me? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Prateek: 
Mr. Musalekar, I want your opinion on Solar Inverter so far. So I'm sure in the last 2, 3 years, 
we have invested a lot of bandwidth, if not a large amount of capital on this business unit. So if 
you can throw some light numerically, how this business is shaping up, what revenues we are 
seeing in this segment? Because I can see the full-fledged solar value chain players are now 
entering the space. So in that scenario, how do you look at a competitive landscape for India 
when the Waaree and the Premier Energies of the world are entering this business? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So on the Solar business,  in terms of number, let me say that we are doing about INR 10 
crores -- around INR 10 crores annually currently as we stand. And we were losing money until 
now. Now last few months, we are at 0 profit kind of a thing on what we are selling. So  that's 
why we were not pushing because we wanted to get this product redesigned so that we become 
competitive, not only competitive, we start putting margins on that. 
 
So that fortunately has happened for us now. And so 2 product lines which are coming. One is 
UNO, which is single phase, which will fit into the Prime Minister's solar thing, again, today 
also, we saw some new announcements on that. So there, up to 5 kilowatt single phase ones, our 
model and the product was designed for making hundreds.  
Now we have redesigned the product for making them in thousands. So this will change the 
whole thing. So the SMT line and the fully automated production facility, all that we are putting, 
then we went from making those with metallic boxes to aluminium die casted like you are like 
printing more. So the whole redesign of this product is done. And last month, we launched the 
first beta batch of 25 units into the market, and the results have been very positive. And now 
we'll be manufacturing them in hundreds. 
 
Now even if there are other people who entered into this market, believe me, none of them design 
and manufacture. So we can be a big contract manufacturer for these people because they are 
getting it done from China. They're importing from China. Today, we have designed the product 
where  we beat Chinese cost. So this was something which is very, very challenging.  
It took longer than what we anticipated. We are ready with that. And the second 3-phase inverters 
up to 12-kilowatt also, we have redesigned and done this. So these 2 elements. So what I can say 
is up to 12 kilowatts, we are going to be very competitive and we'll be very aggressive in the 
market. This will start happening in the coming quarters.  
So we will grow from INR 10 crores to maybe INR 25 crores. So every year, we can double this. 
In 2, 3 years, we can reach up to INR 100 crores, but we were slow. We could have sold more 
inverters, but would have created more losses or no profit for the company. So we were slow. 
Now once we have that, we will do an ad campaign.  
It is more like B2C kind of a product when it comes to single phase. So I've got some plans to 
drive a massive marketing campaign also for that. I was holding back because I don't want to do 
it when I don't have a product which will be supporting that with that cost base. So now that we 
have, this will follow up in the coming quarters, and we'll go full throttle on that by second, third 
quarter of this year. 
Narendra Goliya: 
This has been more or less the trend in all our products. And whenever we get technology from 
Europe or wherever or we develop ours, the first few years, we will make losses. Both in terms 
of volumes are low, we haven't developed the purchase base, the vendor base and the technology 
needs to be refined. But eventually, all the products, call it analog panel meter, call it multimeter, 
call it transducer, ended up in a positive numbers for all the models.  

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Dinesh just told you that up to now, we are profitable in the 12 kilowatt. But we still have 25 
and 50 kilowatt , above 15. We have to still do some homework. But eventually, we will do it 
and make sure that each and every model is profitable to sell. I just wanted to add. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Absolutely. On the R&D is working on the next models now. Now up to 12 kilowatt, their work 
is done. Now it is for production and ramp-up, which is going to happen. From 12 kilowatt to 
50 kilowatt is the second phase where we will look at the cost reduction of existing inverters and 
do that.  
And 50 onwards is R&D, which we will be carrying out with collaboration with IIT from 
Mumbai, where we will come up with the next generation of high-capacity inverters. This is 
something which may take about a year or so.  I mean, we want to also go step by step. But there 
is so much of market, even up to 5 kilowatts. There is so much of market even up to 12 kilowatt, 
and then we'll expand more and more. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avinash from Parami Financial Services. 
Avinash: 
Am I audible, gentlemen? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes, clearly. 
Avinash: 
I'll start with Lumel Die Cast. I have two questions. The first is, in our last con call, Dinesh ji, 
you have alluded that it is very difficult to fill capacity, the new capacity, what is going away 
with the non-automotive business. So can you speak about the programs which potentially can 
come and fill this capacity?  
As and when the year finishes you said that the automotive business, which is slightly profitable, 
renegotiated contracts, which will go away. So what kind of programs we will be able to fill 
with? Are they short duration, short-term contracts as compared to the automotive? Yes, if you 
can just talk about that? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, I get to your point because that's why I wanted to put a word of caution in that. But see, 
whatever we are going to refill because as we speak, I can give some numbers also to comfort if 
that can be helpful. So in the last 4 months,  we have generated RFQs for about 250 parts. And 
out of the 250 parts, we have already sent offers to about 120 parts. This is one side.  
And  whether it is automotive, non-automotive, all the contracts that we negotiate in Lumel 
Alucast are long term. We don't take anything short term, and it doesn't work for any of our 
customers. I can give you some examples. MR and Meco is a customer, which we are doing 
about EUR 1 million annual turnover. Now we added EUR 1 million more of annual turnover 
with them.  
So this is one example. Then we are also adding another EUR 1 million, and this will be for 10 
years supply, at least. This is a horizon. And then we are also renegotiating with one of the 
automotive client for a few projects, which are not connected with engine type of car. It can be 
in any car. This also we are renegotiating. And this is under progress. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Then we are doing something for suppliers of street LED lights. So street LED lights, those 
housings are aluminium high-pressure die casting. That's another one which I can talk about. 
Then we have this Endress plus Hauser and ABB.  I had a massive tour with all our existing 
clients and potential clients.  
And they are also going to give some more additional projects where we have got 40 years of 
relation with these guys. So those are the things. And then similar to them, there are companies 
like Yokogawa and other companies are there who are competitors for them, Siemens, ABB, 
Endress+Hauser, Yokogawa and there are other companies where they also are coming to us. 
 
See, what is happening there's always an opportunity in every threat or risk we had. All this has 
created so much of problem for companies like us because we were more resilient, we sustained 
all of this, and we are still marching. Many companies closed down or went bankrupt. So that 
capacity,  at some point of time, there is going to be a supplier consolidation also for the 
customer. So those projects also will get relocated. 
 
And not everything can go to China, not everything can go to, say, Romania and other places. 
There are companies which want to have a supply chain in Europe and closer to them. And even 
if it is going to be expensive, naturally, because we are still there, so that will come. So these are 
all going to be long-term these things. So I can have my doubts for one or two quarters. But 1, 
2 years, I have no doubts. 
Avinash: 
Sir, can you reasonably -- now given the kind of visibility we are in the fifth month of the 
financial year, given whatever visibility you have the best visibility. We can say that we will end 
this year between 0% to 5% EBITDA margin? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, that's what we are trying absolutely because I do not want to say that we'll end with a 10% 
EBITDA margin. We will be -- see, at the beginning of the year, we said that we will try to have 
INR 100 crores of EBITDA generated, INR 50 crores coming from Rishabh and INR 40 crores 
coming from Lumel and INR 10 crores coming from our other things. And our target was to 
make sure that Lumel Alucast is not going to drain what we are accumulating here. So that's the 
bottom line. So we want to make it better than that. 
 
So what you're saying is EBITDA 0% to 5% fits into what we are saying. Now after 3 months, 
we have INR 30 crores of EBITDA generated there at the group level. If we extrapolate that, it 
should be INR 120 crores. So I'm still not saying INR 120 crores is what we are targeting, but 
we are saying that at least INR 100 crores is what we are targeting. Anything should be upside 
from there. 
Avinash: 
Okay. Second question is on the standalone Rishabh business, the India business. So we have 
seen a gross margin of 55% and EBITDA of 24% on an adjusted EBITDA basis. So can you 
share some qualitative aspect, the sustainability of this kind of margin, the one-offs? And is there 
some extremely favorable mix in the export orders? So what is the steady-state EBITDA margin 
and gross margin we should understand? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
See there has been a significant sustainable shift we have done in the operations in Rishabh. It 
is reflecting not only in these numbers, in operational numbers also. 20% is rock bottom 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
sustainable thing, which I can talk to you about it. So what are the things which we have done 
on a qualitative analysis is a reorganization of the whole production processes. 
 
Then a lot of automation we have carried out. Then we have done a renegotiation of our supplier 
base. We have changed key people in the organization here and there. So in the last quarterly 
review,  few quarters ago, I had talked about getting some key people in some position. All that 
has started resulting very well. 
 
Apart from these numbers which you see, our inventories were like about 6- to 7-month 
inventories we are having. Today, we have about 3 months of inventory, inventory days, if you 
talk about. So it's reduced by 50%, while our sales has gone up substantially. So this is all coming 
not because of just something happening. It was happening quarter-by-quarter, month by month, 
week by week very sustainably. 
 
Actually, to tell you, very honestly, there has been no product mix change. Nothing is one-off 
case in that. This is sustainable thing. And whatever changes have been done are very basic 
fundamental in production management, quality management, inventory management. So these 
are all things which were happening, and they started putting results on this thing.  
And we changed a lot of our machineries, upgraded existing two SMT lines, added another new 
SMT line. A lot of good things have happened during the last 1 year, and they have started giving 
results. And that is quite a sustainable thing and absolutely no doubts on that. 
Avinash: 
One follow-up on this, the SMT line we have put up. So we have some spare capacity, which is 
not being used internally as of now. And we also alluded to some use case from that SMT line. 
So can you speak about the when it can get commercialization? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
So are you talking about EMS business or you're talking about... 
Avinash: 
Right. So we spoke about some laptop, PC etcetera? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
So laptop is one of the things and but not only the one. So we supply displays for transport 
system to one of our client as an OEM supplier. We supply some PCBs to scientific instruments, 
big MNC, we do that. And then PCBs, laptop PCBs is a big thing. So here, what we have done 
is we have run a batch of 100, all approved, absolutely no quality issues.  
Then we got an order for 1,000 all done, but these PCBs also involve Intel processors. So we 
have to get clearance from Intel. Our client has to get this. So this is work in progress. So I mean, 
to qualify our system and processes to be used  and believe me, we are competing against some 
established players in China. And so it's a work in progress. So if that comes, we can have one 
of the SMT line fully occupied for this. And then we can have another one because we are also 
expanding all our building, etcetera. So there's a lot of prospect for that. So far so good, I would 
say. 
Avinash: 
So when can we expect this  the first purchase order for this -- from this? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
We already had the first purchase order for 1,000, which we did. But as a regular supply of 
business, it depends on Intel giving us the approval to our client. Intel giving the approval to our 
client. And after that, it will start. So I do not want to speculate it's going to be next month or 1 
quarter or  I mean, it's some international companies involved in that. 
 
So as I said, it's not only that. We have got added 2 more customers from Pune for this thing. So 
EMS, you have a facility, you have so much electronics manufacturing going on. So we will fill 
it  irrespective of this. Today also, we are running it more than two shifts we are running that 
one at the -- like we were running 3 shifts for two assembly lines before. So we reduced the 
number of shifts to make it two shifts for all of them. And we have some capacity available to 
run all of them, three shifts. And it's something which is work in progress, I would say. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Not only that Government of India has made it mandatory for people to assemble all these things 
here in India locally. So you cannot now import these from China and just supply it. So that is 
adding to it. But yes, what Dinesh said is that until Intel approves it, we have manufactured 
1,000 pieces. That's not a big issue, but we have to make it in millions. And at that time, the 
approval has to come. It will come. It's a matter of time. It could be a couple of weeks, could be 
a couple of months, but let us wait and watch. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Yes. I wanted to ask like we have experienced good improvement in revenue and margins for 
our stand-alone business since last few quarters. And so I wanted to understand any particular 
product or segment which is contributing to this gaining traction or is it across the products? 
And also your comments on how sustainable can this stand-alone growth can be? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Stand-alone for which company you are asking? Rishabh? 
Karan Sanwal: 
Yes. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. For Rishabh, I think we answered this question. The previous question was also exactly the 
same. So there was nothing very unusual product mix or anything. This is sustainable and 
sustainable numbers. These numbers are sustainable for both top line and bottom line because 
we have done a lot of cost optimization in terms of automation, quality systems, management 
systems, production systems and some changes in people. 
 
So a lot of things have been done, and it should be good. Our lead times for some of the products 
were one or two months because we had used to have a lot of backlog. We have reduced it to a 
few weeks, two weeks or three weeks. So customers love it, and we get more and more orders, 
and that is also fuelling our sales revenue. Yes, it's sustainable. 
Karan Sanwal: 
And also 1 last question like you talked about Inverter business will try to scale it up post this 
redesigning and all. So any -- are we in contact with any players to maybe outsource 
manufacturing for those inverters or we would be focusing more on our brand only? You 
highlighted that we would explore outsourcing. So any advanced customers that we are now 
experiencing? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So first, obviously, we want to sell it in our brand as much as possible. But if there are 
stronger brands, Indian brands who are looking for OEM manufacturing, we are open for that, 
and we will look at that also as a manufacturing as long as the business is profitable, which will 
make us increase our revenues very quickly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kiran from TableTree Capital. 
Kiran: 
Sir, many congratulations on a great set of results. Sir, I had a contrasting question. The merging 
of Electrical and Electronics  I mean, those 3 divisions is a little disappointing, to be honest, 
because I think that gave a lot of granularity, especially the Electrical Automation business, 
which I think grew 50% last year to combine that into EEI revenue is a little disappointing from 
my perspective at least.  
Having said that, sir, EEI revenue, I mean, INR 115 crores revenue from a base of INR 94 crores 
last year, same quarter. There's a 23% growth. Could you tell us which segment led this growth? 
Was it Electrical Automation? Was it Metering and Control or Portable Instruments? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. Vishal, do you want to take that? 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
So it is more on Electrical Automation and yes, Metering, Control and this one. Yes. Actually, 
Solar, we didn't do much. It was very, very mean or even less than what was before. It was flat. 
Yes, it is flattish or  downish. Then TMI was also a small increase. The major increase has come 
from industrial automation and MCP, meter and control panels. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. Okay. Sir, at least on con calls, if you could just tell those numbers as part of Vishal's 
discourse, that would be really good. Sir, from... 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, it's not -- we did not prepare those numbers, but point taken, next time on a quarterly basis, 
we'll keep those numbers also ready. If it's going to help you and you want to put value to that, 
we'll do that. But for this quarter, Vishal will send you these details separately. 
Kiran: 
Sure, sure. Sir, this Electrical, Electronics business, INR 115 crores, is this run rate like 
sustainable, sir? I mean just Electronics business, not the Aluminium Die Cast, but just 
Electronics business, we've done INR 115 crores. So is it a fair estimate that we can do at least 
INR 450 crores, INR 460 crores this year or if not more on Electrical? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. The run rate could be better than this because Lumel SA did not contribute in this quarter 
so much on the top line. So it is going to be same or better. 
Kiran: 
Got it. Sir, one of the other questions on Electronics itself is our U.S. revenue seems to have 
stagnated in the INR 7 crores to INR 10 crores range. I know we didn't declare this quarter, but 
I mean, from past data, whatever I have collected, it seems we are around INR 9 crores, INR 10 
crores itself.  
I mean, do we have any large opportunity because we are exporting from Europe and I mean 
there is a tariff situation everywhere else, but because we have a large presence in Europe, is 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
that an advantage for us to kind of pump a lot of our products into U.S.A. from the current INR 
10 crores per quarter revenue run rate? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So first of all, I want to change a bit of a perception because this was always reported as a 
small business. So I'll tell you last financial year, we did $1.2 million, but last to last -- last 
financial year, which we closed, we increased that to $2 million in U.S.A. So there was a 66% 
growth. And for this year from $2 million, we are going to be $3.5 million to $4 million. This is 
the target.  
So we are doubling $1 million. So there is a steep growth, which is planned, and we want to see 
that business growing to about $10 million company very soon. We are talking about INR 100 
crores company. Now today, we are already at INR 69 million for this quarter. For this quarter, 
we are INR 70 million already for 3 months, if you want to look at that one separately.  
Very soon, it will get to a stage where we may have to start putting those numbers in this 
presentation also. So there's a lot which is happening. And I spent 1 month in U.S.A. now, 
Canada, U.S.A. and Mexico to assess what the business opportunities and everything. So I feel 
that in 2, 3 years' time, we can put $10 million business there. We have large customers. Our 
General Manager there has done really good work in the last 10 years. So we have a platform 
which we can leverage to a next level. So this is a work in progress. 
 
Coming to tariff situation. This is also something which we have been exploring internally. 
Today, the tariff from Europe to U.S.A. is 15%. And the current situation from India to U.S.A. 
is 25% plus 25% with a lot of unsettling there. So once this whole thing settles down, we want 
to give it a couple of months.  
I think that it's my gut feeling. All of us have a different opinion with so much of dynamics 
happening at -- by  in President Trump's head. So today, it looks like 25% plus 25%. But my gut 
feeling is that we may  India may end up 15% to 25%. That's my gut feeling. Maybe I could be 
wrong. 
 
But if it's even if it is 25% tariff from India to U.S.A., still it is sustainable. We can be very 
competitive with that tariff also. And then it doesn't make sense for us to  ship the SKDs to 
Europe and assemble them there and then ship them from Europe because you save 10% on the 
tariff, but we may spend more than 10% in logistic cost because you have a step -- the moment 
you have a stop shipment, it's more cost. And also even if we do 20%, 30% manufacturing there, 
the labor cost will compensate that. It makes no sense. 
 
So if it is like it is, if it is going to remain like 50% as it is, then we may look at doing that. So 
then we may have some advantage. This is the short-term strategy. Long term, we can also set 
up something in Mexico and do there. And from there, the logistics will be much cheaper across 
the border.  
So this is also another. But we need to have -- we don't want to invest in some capex unless we 
have some volumes to justify. But U.S., very important market with a lot of potential. Long run, 
we want to get it to about INR 100 crores business in 3, 4 years' time. So we have a plan, and 
we are working towards that. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Okay. Thank you very much to all our investors and also SGA and my team sitting here for all 
the hard work and also a lot of these kind of results we could achieve with dedication and work 
of a lot of people. And apart from that, I also want to thank for the trust with the investors which 
we had. We went through some rough period, and you guys were with us and supported and 
believed in us. So thank you very much for that. With that, I would request Mr. Narendra Goliya 
to give his closing remarks. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you, everybody. Business is business. Things go up and down. But you have to have a 
long-term focus from the management side and long-term investment from your side. We know 
all of you invest because you want your money to grow. And that's also our intention. At the 
moment, I cannot say that, but if you wait for a few quarters, at least this quarter gives you a lot 
of confidence that your money will grow. Today also, there was a circuit on the value, and let 
us see on Monday how the value rises. But for sure, it will put a smile on many people's faces. 
So thank you very much for attending this call. Bye-bye. 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, management speakers. On behalf of Rishabh Instruments, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
